 
 
Date: December 9, 2025 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited, 
20th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 544606  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: PINELABS 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Analysts / Institutional Call 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the conference call that was organized with the 
Analysts/Investors on Wednesday, December 3, 2025 and the same can be accessed at 
www.pinelabs.com/investor-relations/financial-results?tab=quarterly-results. 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
  
Thanking you,  
  
For Pine Labs Limited 
 
 
  
Neerav Mehta  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership Number: A20949 
 
Encl. a/a 
 
NEERAV 
MEHTA
Digitally signed by 
NEERAV MEHTA 
Date: 2025.12.09 
12:10:15 +05'30'

                                                
                                                                                                               
 
 
Page 1 of 33 
Pine Labs Limited 
Q2 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
December 03, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening everyone. A very warm welcome to the maiden Zoom 
conference Earning Call of Pine Labs Limited to discuss the operational and 
financial performance of Q2 FY’26. 
We are delighted to have with us today Mr. Amrish Rau – Chairman, Managing 
Director and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Sameer Kamath – Chief Financial 
Officer. 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the statements made 
during the course of this discussion may be forward-looking in nature. Actual 
results may vary significantly due to various external factors. This Zoom 
conference call is intended solely for Investors and Analysts. If we have any 
members from the media or journalism community on the call, we request 
you to kindly log off from this session. We will be happy to connect with you 
separately if required. 
We will start the call with the management showcasing a few product demos 
followed by an overview of the company's business, key operational 
development and financial performance for the period under review. This will 
be followed by a Q&A session. 
With that, I would now like to invite Mr. Amrish Rau to commence the 
presentation. Over to you. Thank you, sir. 
Amrish Rau: 
Thank you very much. Thanks for attending our call today. 
One of the things that we are going to do a little bit differently is we are 
actually going to do a couple of product demos, just talking about some of 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 2 of 33 
the things that has been quote-unquote cooking in the labs. We feel quite 
proud about some of the experiments and some of the products that we are 
working on. So, we will first do two product demos, and then I will do a very 
quick overview of the business and how I am looking at the opportunity in 
front of us, and then hand it over to Sameer, who is here in the room with me, 
to just walk you through the financials. With that, what I am going to request 
is I am going to request my colleague to flash a demo. 
I will give you a little bit of a background on this one. One of the things which 
is happening when it comes to online payments, more so globally than in 
India, is that consumers are finding it very difficult to remember the 16 digits, 
the CVV, the expiry number. Also, what we are getting to see is transmitting of 
data just by inputting it on somebody's webpage, instead of using card, is 
generally less secure and also more costly. So, we have come up with a 
completely new online payments technology where we think you can use 
your card, touch it to your phone, and the payment transaction can be 
completed. This is on the consumer side. 
Let me show you a demo of what we built together. We have actually gone 
ahead and patented this technology. We are now trying to figure out how we 
could do a GTM for this, both globally and in India. 
Audio Visual Presentation 
“Online shopping is fast and easy. One-tap orders, instant deliveries, 
everything happens within seconds, except the payment part. There we 
are supposed to remember the card number, the expiry date, the CVV, and 
then wait for the OTP, which adds friction to your so-far seamless 
experience. We at Pine Labs wanted to bring the tap-and-go experience at 
the online checkout, therefore launching Tap to Pay Online by Pine Labs. Go 
to any online shopping app, be it e-commerce, ride-hailing, or food 
delivery. Simply select your product, go to the checkout page, and where it 
says payments, select the Tap to Pay Online. This invokes the NFC of the 
phone. All you have to do is take your card and tap, and done. Faster, 
secure, and more convenient. No need to remember the card number, no 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 3 of 33 
need to save your card number, no CVVs, no OTPs. We at Pine Labs want to 
turn every phone into the fastest checkout experience on the internet.” 
Amrish Rau: 
As I mentioned to you we have got a patent for this one. Now we need to figure 
out what is the GTM? So, this is some of the experiments that we are doing on 
online payment site. Also want to talk about what we are doing on the pre-
paid side. Everybody thinks of us from the pre-paid side as purely as a pre-
paid card, debit card or gift card. But we do a lot of work from the wallet side 
where we actually end up storing money. One of the concepts that you would 
have seen around the world is also about how money is becoming 
programmable. So, what we did was, we said, how can we make our wallets 
programmable and deliver value through that? And this is a live example of 
what we are doing for Air India, where in the case of Air India, we manage the 
entire wallet for Air India, but we have also come up with very interesting use 
cases around it. I am going to let one of my colleagues, Anand, explain to you 
what we have built for Air India. 
Anand Kuppuswamy: Thanks Amrish, I hope my screen is visible. Amrish laid the ground here. I 
would say that you probably know us as the pioneers of gift cards in India and 
globally with prepaid also being there. While that has been the case of it, I am 
going to today talk about the programmable currency. What programmable 
currency really means is that a currency that can be used for very specific 
purposes. Now stable coins and CBDCs have been in the headlines for some 
time now and they call the programmable money as a big part of their 
vocabulary. But what we have been doing successfully so far, many many 
years now, is to use the same concept to bring up through the stored value 
constructs and the prepaid card constructs the programmability of it. 
I am going to show you quickly how Air India, in a very interesting way, use the 
prepaid constructs to solve their business problems through our abilities. So, 
for this example, just a moment, assume that I am a US-based individual who 
frequents to India. I have just done a cancellation of a ticket that went on to 
be refunded to me in a cancelled amount from Air India and it is sitting in my 
Air India wallet. What you will see now is that I, as a consumer, go on to the 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 4 of 33 
website of Air India and I could come to this path many different ways, but I 
just wanted to show you that when you click on some of these paths, Air India 
will flash that this particular program is run by Qwikcilver, which is the Pine 
Labs issuing part of the business and taking it to a site where this particular 
site is entirely managed and operated by Pine Labs for the benefit of Air India 
in the technology sense of it. Within this is an embedded wallet that can be 
used for different purposes. I am just going to quickly move around without 
trying to show you the specifics here and showcase that this particular 
element is already loaded. I am sorry, just hold on for a moment as I move 
the browser out. Yes, let us say that I have already logged in and I have a 
logged in session in terms of what I can achieve. So, what you see here is 
really because I am based in US, I am able to see a US dollar denominated 
wallet that is belonging to me and that is the base currency that has been 
defined and what it really means is that we have provided a product that is 
globally usable by Air India in this particular case. Now what you will also get 
to see is that this is not a singular wallet, it has its own different ways and 
purposes of using this particular program for Air India. There could very well 
be different pockets like one that is related to gift cards where my friends and 
relatives have given me some gifts that I get to store here. There are 
compensation vouchers that are provided for some service that has not been 
provided satisfactorily and there is a goodwill gesture of providing the 
currencies and there are refunds and cancellations that have happened. 
Underneath each one of these things are different instruments. They 
themselves are an aggregation so there are very very granular ways that the 
program can be structured and run by the airlines. 
Quickly I will also demonstrate to point of view to say that let us say that in 
one of the trips that I made to India I happened to have a refund that is kind 
of captured here as a INR 15,000 worth of it but remember that I am a US 
based traveler so I need to understand as to what exactly happened when 
this particular value comes into my base currency which is the US dollars. 
What we provide for is an automatic conversion of a foreign exchange here, 
ability to understand as different currencies into the same pocket and this is 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 5 of 33 
a significant value, a significant benefit for Air India in structuring and 
delivering programs for the global consumers. 
Let me now quickly move on to the aspect of the interesting note of 
programmable currency that we spoke about. I am getting into a refund 
scenario where some of these instruments have been issued to me and here 
is the more interesting part of how the voucher program runs for airlines. 
What you could see is that this is a voucher issued but very very specifically 
meant for certain use cases or specific purposes. So, this particular voucher 
has been constructed in a way that it can be used for only certain routes 
within which this can be applied. It is not possible to use in certain particular 
dates which are called the black code dates maybe for managing the peak 
seasons and it is not transferable. The same person who traveled with the PNR 
number of a certain number is the only person who can make use of this 
particular voucher. This kind of a construct of making use of very very specific 
purpose-bound mechanisms are what makes these vouchers and 
currencies unique and allows the airlines to administer very powerful 
programs that are otherwise not possible with traditional systems. These 
conditionalities are also the ones that allow for very targeted promotions, 
revenue assurance programs, margin management programs on the same 
platform. So, what you are getting to see here is really in another way an 
airline making use of a configurable element of platform. The same platform 
that we have been able to use it as a very universal program and can achieve 
multiple use cases across various industries. For example when a 
government be it a central government or a state government wants to give 
a direct benefit to a particular individual that can be used only for a 
healthcare benefit. We could issue a currency which is programmatically 
managed in such a way that they get accepted only in health center 
locations. 
So, now let me quickly move on to show how this particular voucher can be 
applied on the purchase path of the trip which is my next trip and I am going 
to make use of a quick video to demonstrate knowing that we are running out 
of time here right. So, I am going to run the video and parallelly speak about 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 6 of 33 
it if that is okay. So, here you see that I have a card, a voucher issued, a refund. 
As we spoke about there are specific dates within which we can apply it or 
not. I go to the main site, choose a Delhi San Francisco flight in the month of 
March which that particular voucher that I happen to select had a black code 
date. So, when I go on to now apply that particular mechanism in the 
payment path, I choose the wallet as my means of application. You will get 
to see that the voucher cannot be applied because of the black code period 
that has been done. This is a very instantaneous recognition by Pine Labs in 
terms of what is possible or not possible to be done. Now if I change my mind 
and say like I want to travel in January, choose the same path which is outside 
the black code date, it gets applied and we can continue to work through in 
terms of whatever the value that was presented by the voucher. 
So, what I really demonstrated here, I just want to quickly recollect, is to say 
that we offer our customers a full stack programmable currency platform 
and this is usable across our issuing, processing, distribution and solutions 
that we support, every bit of conditionalities and a multi-currency 
mechanism that allows to deliver contextual commerce, be it for airlines, 
government, retailers and any bit more. So, as the world is today talking about 
stable coins, CBDCs with programmable currency as the future, Pine Labs 
Issuing business I want to mention that is already delivering to that context 
today in production for enterprises like Air India and the same thing is 
extensible to a very different and very big audience of use cases and 
industries and that is us on the Pine Labs Issuing side of it. 
Thank you. Back to you Amrish. 
Amrish Rau: 
Thank you Anand and great job on the timing. Guys now moving on to the 
other part of the discussion which is really the financials that we came up 
with. So, we have got a formal deck which is very similar to what we have sent 
out as our earnings report. So, I would like to talk you through how our quarter 
has been. As you know, quarter two and quarter one are generally the softest 
quarter in the four quarters of the year. However, what I am glad to inform you 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 7 of 33 
that we have had a fairly powerful start and that is what we will share with 
you just now. 
Just a few initial slides, I want to remind everybody what is our vision 
statement. We want to build the best commerce and fintech platform from 
Asia but we want to build it for the globe. I also want to remind you that we 
are a fully diversified fintech platform operating in all areas from Online, 
Offline, using the Digital Payments Infrastructure. We just saw what Anand 
explained about the Issuing platforms and the opportunities on the Issuing 
platform but also in terms of revenue, we continue to be extremely diversified 
between merchants, banks and financial institutions and also enterprises, 
corporates and brands. 
Something which we did not talk enough about and I wanted to take the 
opportunity to mention here. Pine Labs is one of the only companies which is 
powering all the top five banks in India. Every one of them uses Pine Labs 
platform and we are the dominant partner, point number one. Point number 
two, when it comes to the top five retailers in the country, we are a dominant 
partner. We are not number two to anyone in that space. In the case of the 
top three petroleum companies, we are with all the three petroleum 
companies, may that be BPCL, HPCL or IOCL. We power all of these three 
petroleum companies in the country and when it comes to online payments, 
bill payments and also the whole prepaid card instruments, we today have 
deep relationships with all the top three e-commerce companies of India. 
Also, with all the three Q-commerce companies of India, Pine Labs is the sole 
provider. So, one thing I do want to highlight is there is no other payments 
company in India which is actually delivering solutions to all of these large 
stakeholders in the country today. 
Again, in a very quick recap of what we do, we pretty much call out four large 
pillars. One is what we do in terms of transaction processing, both in the 
offline world and in the online world. In the offline world, as you know, we have 
a large component of revenues which comes out of subscriptions, rentals on 
a monthly basis. When it comes to VAS and Affordability, we do a range of 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 8 of 33 
services on and above the merchant relationships that we have built. Here 
we take a peak rate on the value which gets processed on our platform. One 
of the things that Sameer is going to tell you is in the first pillar in Q2 on the 
terminal, the subscription and rental related revenues is now down below 
30%. It is at 29%. So, 71% of our revenues are not linked to subscription and 
rentals associated to the POS business. I have been taking a bet with my 
colleagues out here. I said whatever we say at the end of this call, when the 
Q&A starts, the first question will be about the POS business. Let us talk about 
the 71%, what we are doing outside of the POS rental business. The third 
component is what we do on the DPI side. On the DPI side, when it comes to 
fintech infra, we continue to power a humongous amount of payment 
volumes when it comes to bill payments. We are powering many API based 
transactions on consumer identity. We, in this case, get paid by the API ping 
or we do get paid by the number of transactions there. And finally, on the 
Issuing side, we are one of the global leaders when it comes to Prepaid, 
Issuing, processing, both in terms of prepaid as well as gift cards. We are 
doing a lot of work on the credit card side. We are doing a lot of work on credit 
link UPI. So, that is what we typically do. I just wanted to cover it. These two 
slides will typically be then all my opening introductions. 
Going into this quarter and what we are doing as in terms of the results for 
Q2, we actually came in with record breaking numbers on all fronts. By the 
way, I have to tell you this, if I am not mistaken, over the last six quarters, we 
have generally come in with record breaking numbers when it comes to 
revenue, when it comes to contribution margin. Our revenues grew by about 
18% and we hit a number of about INR 650 crores. I want to again remind this 
because I have seen some analyst reports where I think there is some sort of 
a disconnect. We continue to record our revenues on a net basis. What I mean 
by that is we take out the payment processing cost and we only record the 
net numbers. And hence what we call as net revenues or globally, this 
generally gets called as adjusted revenues. And that is where we came in at 
about INR 650 crores because we have taken out anything related to pass 
through revenues there. Second, interestingly, contribution margin grew at 
21%. So, how does this happen when the revenues are growing by 18% while 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 9 of 33 
contribution margin is growing by 21%. The reality on this is over the last two 
years, we have been working very hard that the subscription revenues that 
we earn largely remains on the software side. And we encourage Banks and 
Financial Institutions and Merchants to buy hardware on their own. Because 
of that, what happens is there is a lag effect out there. So, while revenues have 
grown 18%, contribution margin has actually grown by 21%. Now that has 
multiple benefits which Sameer will talk to you about. The adjusted EBITDA 
actually came in at 60% plus improvement on a year-on-year basis, we 
came in at about INR 122 crores of adjusted EBITDA. And what we have now 
been able to do is we have now been able to deliver back to back PAT of about 
INR 6 crores in our business. Now this is coming on backs of some solid 
performance. 
So, on the platform side, we came very close to about $50 billion of GTV 
processed on our platform. One thing which is real is if Pine Labs is present 
with any merchant, any bank and financial institution or any enterprise, we 
are choice number one. There is nobody who is beating us today. We are 
winning when it comes to the marketplace. Even when it comes to a number 
of transactions that was at about 1.9 billion, the total touch points reached 
about 1.9 million. And we have crossed the number of about a million 
merchants and corporates which are working with us. Net-net, very, very 
powerful execution in seasonally weak quarter. The H1 is now past us. As you 
know, in quarter one, we came in at about INR 121 crores of adjusted EBITDA 
adjusted only for ESOPs. And in this quarter, we have come in at INR 122 crores. 
Now the seasonally strong quarters of Q3 and Q4 are starting off. I am really 
looking forward to how this Q3 and Q4 goes. 
With that, I am going to hand it over to Sameer for the next few slides. 
Sameer Kamath: 
Thank you, Amrish. And thank you everyone for joining in. I will take forward 
from what Amrish was saying. The four pillars that we have continue to deliver 
stellar growth of almost 18% for this quarter. As Amrish said, we are reiterating 
again, we report our revenues net, which means that all network charges and 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 10 of 33 
other processing fees, etc are netted off from revenues. And that is translating 
into a very high contribution margin of close to about 77%. 
Coming to contribution, if you see that this quarter, we have delivered a 21% 
year-on-year growth on the contribution side. And some of that is largely 
driven by our conscious strategy to build on certain high quality, high value 
tech-based revenues and slightly lower the take on the hardware sales that 
is a component of our top line. Overall, as Amrish said earlier, there is a 
seasonality element to our revenues. However, this quarter, despite being a 
non-seasonal quarter, we have reported a 9% growth over the peak of last 
year's full quarter and also a 64% growth on a two-year basis. 
Coming to some specifics, some of our new business initiatives like the 
Issuing and the VAS side have delivered a 30% plus growth margin. And our 
international business, which is seeing a lot of traction, where we earn in 
dollars for almost every transaction that we do across Southeast Asia, 
Australia, UAE, and the US, continued its growth momentum, registering a 
year-on-year growth of close to about 30%. Again, reiterating our POS-based 
revenues, which is driven by subscription is about 29% and 71% comes from 
SaaS and tech-based services. 
Coming to adjusted EBITDA, our adjusted EBITDA grew at about 3.4x the 
growth rate of revenues, that is about 64% year-on-year, registering a margin 
expansion of 500 bps from about 14% a year back to 19% this quarter. In fact, 
even on an H1 basis, on a total basis, our adjusted EBITDA is about 50%. This 
expansion is led by a conscious strategy to improve our value-added tech-
based businesses and drive productivity gains at scale. We do believe that 
these margins are sustainable and can expand as businesses build scale. 
Similar flow-through has happened at the PAT level as well, where we 
delivered two quarters of consecutive positive PAT. The operating leverage 
has clearly been visible and this quarter we have reported a PAT of INR 6 
crores, which against a loss of INR 32 crores reported a year back. 
Coming to some of the levers which have been driving operating leverage, 
over the years we have been able to demonstrate revenue growth without a 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 11 of 33 
significant increase in headcount or employee cost. This has been achieved 
through a conscious effort to drive productivity through use of AI and 
operational efficiencies. This is also now reflecting in our ratios as employee 
cost as a percentage to top line has significantly come down to 37% for this 
quarter versus almost 50% two years back. 
Our overall headcount also has marginally increased by only 6% which is 
about INR 4500 crores. Our tech, engineering and product team is roughly 
about 1000 people strong and we do not expect any significant headcount 
increase as we scale our businesses across all the four pillars. Our operational 
team remains at the same headcount level which is a validation of the 
operational efficiency that we will bring in. 
ESOPs is an important component of compensation for our employees. As we 
step into the public markets, we have taken a conscious call to align ESOP 
issuances to shareholder value creation, which also helps value for all 
shareholders including the employee ESOP shareholders. The new ESOPs are 
now done at FMV versus deep discount that was done earlier and that is 
translated into a lower P&L impact. The overall effects of this change is 
reflected in our P&L where ESOPs cost as a percentage of revenue has come 
down to about 4% from 7% a year back. 
Depreciation, I think we continue to win exciting mandates on the asset-light 
businesses. Few examples to just reiterate this point. Emirates NBD, one of the 
largest banks in Dubai has taken us as a tech platform provider for the 
acquiring merchant business across the entire Dubai where we have zero 
CAPEX deployment but entirely a tech stack led business growth. Similar 
arrangements are seen for example in GCash in the Philippines and CIMB in 
Malaysia. One of the largest banks in India is working with us now on fully us 
providing a tech stack versus a POS plus a tech kind of initiative which is 
making our business more and more asset light. As a consequence of all 
these conscious shifts, we have seen a significant reduction in the CAPEX 
dependency of our business which is also translated into a depreciation as a 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 12 of 33 
percentage of our revenues coming down from 12% of our top line to about 
5% over the last few quarters. 
Going to the next slide. I think this is an interesting slide where we thought how 
should one look at our business from an operating leverage perspective. With 
scale and build out of the tech led high margin businesses across India and 
international markets, we are definitely going to see operating leverage play 
out. We have built a small matrix to give you a better understanding. For every 
incremental contribution mark of about INR 100, we are going to see almost 
about INR 50 to INR 57 and we are giving a range of that getting translated 
into adjusted EBITDA. That is because of incremental contribution. Our 
incremental employee cost will only be about 35% to 38% including employee 
cost, the tech cost, etc. Obviously, the other infrastructure cost will be another 
about 9 to 12 bucks. Therefore, a very high number of INR 50 to INR 57 for every 
incremental INR 100 of contribution margin earned will flow through the 
adjusted EBITDA. 
Moving on to how it will translate to PBT. As I said earlier, the conscious 
strategy around the depreciation CAPEX and ESOPs is also going to translate 
into a better flow through to PBT. A similar translation will happen from 
adjusted EBITDA to PBT and there will be marginal savings across other 
expenses which are there which means from the incremental contribution 
margin of INR 100, we can expect in a range of Rs.45 to INR 55 translating as a 
flow through to PBT. So, as business builds operating leverage and scale, you 
see our profit and EBITDA margins improve significantly from here on. 
Coming to some specific business related KPIs and how we look at how these 
are shaping up as we build into the quarters. 
Coming to the in-store business, Pine Labs is a market leader in the enterprise 
and the mid-market merchant segment who have very unique and complex 
needs and require a solution approach to build long-term sticky 
relationships. To give some examples, almost every hotel chain in India today 
trusts Pine Lab for its checkout experience as we have built deep integrations 
into their portfolio management ERPs which help them provide seamless 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 13 of 33 
checkout experience for their guests. Large retailers trust us because we have 
helped them build and manage multiple banking relationships into a single 
POS with full flexibility while integrating multiple backend ERPs to provide 
them periodic reconciliations and MIS. This demonstrated mode has helped 
us expand our DCP footprint now to 1 million plus merchants as Amrish was 
saying it is a milestone deployed across 1.9 DCPs which is a growth of 19% on 
a year-on-year basis. Having said that, an interesting fact is that the potential 
is still highly untapped. Only one out of the four DCPs today actually are active 
on value-added services and affordability which means there is a huge 
potential within our existing network to kind of scale up these businesses 
because the same DCPs are the DCPs on which these rails run. Having said 
that, the overall in-store business is about 29% of our top line. 
The value-added services business continues to grow at a massive speed. 
We have grown our volumes at about 37% on a year-on-year basis. This 
quarterly momentum is driven by a unique position to bring together 400 
brands and almost about 40 credit institutions to our affordability platform. 
While we continue to see strong growth across consumer durables and the 
mobile segment, we are also seeing meaningful growth across new 
categories like automobiles, furniture, fashion, healthcare, and wellness. We 
continue to keep innovating in this space and in this quarter we have 
launched new products like offers on UPI and EMI World Pro. 
Having said this, we are also significantly scaling up our online platform 
gateway. Our online payment aggregator business has seen a 75% year-on-
year growth with partnership with some of the largest e-commerce platforms 
now use the Pine Labs plural gateway. This includes the likes of Myntra, 
Meesho, Big Basket, Swiggy, Lenskart, to name a few. 
The Fintech infrastructure business operates some of the best-in-class tech 
platforms across bill payments, UPI, and the account aggregator framework. 
We partner with some of the largest bill processing institutions across both 
ends of the spectrum that is the Biller Operating Unit and the Consumer 
Operating Unit, making us probably the top two players in the segment. 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 14 of 33 
We also power digital KYC and customer validation for some of the largest 
financial services firms through the account aggregator framework. And our 
platform is operating at scale with this quarter about 275 million transactions 
processed in Q2 itself, which is an 80% growth year-on-year. 
Lastly, coming to our Issuing and Acquiring platform, we have seen some of 
the use cases that Anand presented earlier on in this presentation. It is one of 
the fastest-growing segments within the payments industry at about 26% 
and Pine Labs is a market leader in this segment. Our overall volumes in this 
segment grew at about 25% to about INR 16,000 crores with an improving 
take-rate. What differentiates Pine Labs in this segment is our ability to do 
deep integrations on workflows across multiple use cases of wallets, refunds, 
transit, and we are partnering with brands to also expand their distribution 
footprint. 
The India business within Issuing grew at about 31% powered by its strong 
partnerships with top e-commerce companies and quick commerce 
companies in India. Our international business in this space also grew by 
about 35% year-on-year. We have built meaningful presence with key client 
wins across Australia, say Woolworths in Australia, the Al-Futtaim Group in the 
UAE, Capita Land in Southeast Asia are some of the large wins that we have 
had which are kind of fueling this growth. We have been able to establish 
strong use cases and you have seen today Anand presented now 18 airlines 
globally use Pine Lab as their trusted partner for their wallet business. We 
have a proven track record of winning and successfully implementing 
programs across international markets and we remain extremely optimistic 
on the size and scale of this opportunity. 
With this, I kind of come to an end to our formal part of the presentation. We 
open up the floor now to the moderator to invite questions and we are happy 
to take them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now open the floor for question and answer session.  We 
have our first question from Peran Engineer. 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 15 of 33 
Amrish Rau: 
Hi,Piran. Go ahead, please. 
Peran Engineer: 
Yes, I am unmuted now. Yes, congrats on the quarter, another second quarter 
of profit and thanks for this detailed PPT. Just firstly, I wanted to understand in 
the INR 63,000 crore GTV in the VAS and affordability platform business, how 
much of that would be lending and what else is there apart from lending in 
that? 
Amrish Rau: 
So, first of all, it is not lending. What we are doing out there is basically 
powering for affordability solutions where we do not take any balance sheet 
risk, we actually power for other banks and financial institutions on our 
platforms. In terms of GTV, I would say somewhere around one third of the 
volumes would be coming out of affordability, two third of that will come out 
of the rest of the services. In rest of the services, we have everything from 
classic aggregator related revenues, we have revenues which is related to 
UPI and any fees which we get on UPI transactions. We also have things like 
other fintech partnerships we might have in the market with some of the Q-
Commerce companies or some of the consumer fintech apps out there or 
Sodexo and that would be all about two third of the platform. 
Peran Engineer: 
Got it. Okay. Thanks, Amrish. And this one third, which is the affordability bit of 
it that would be majority of the revenue from the INR 63,000 crores? I am sure 
it would be one third, two third revenue split also. 
Amrish Rau: 
No, it is actually, I would think that it is reverse, which is, it would be somewhere 
between 50% to two third of the revenues, that sort of a range it will be in. 
Peran Engineer: 
Of the revenue from the VAS and affordability platform part of it, right? 
Amrish Rau: 
That is correct. 
Peran Engineer: 
Got it. Okay, fair enough. Secondly, your plural business, GTV, Sameer 
mentioned it grew 75%. Where exactly is that? Under which section is it put in? 
Sameer Kamath: 
That section folds up under in-store and online Piran, where we basically 
report two kinds of revenue streams, which we, it is the subscription-based 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 16 of 33 
revenues, which we earn on the POS devices and the online we earn as a 
percentage to the GTV done. 
Peran Engineer: 
Got it. Okay. Fair enough. Yes, that was it from my end. Thank you and wish 
you all the best. 
Amrish Rau: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Participants are requested to mention your name and organization before 
asking your question. Our next question is from Mr. Keyur Kumar. 
Amrish Rau: 
Go ahead, Keyur. Keyur, you are unmuted. You can go ahead with your 
question. 
Keyur Kumar: 
Hello. Am I audible now? 
Amrish Rau: 
Yes. 
Keyur Kumar: 
Congratulations on good sets of numbers sir and for the new tech 
development. So, my question is from this 25% of the DCP contribution, which 
is coming from the VAS. So, right now we are including that the further 
development will happen through the VAS. So, I just wanted to understand 
that this contribution will be come from the like chain businesses and all, 
right? So, how is the TAM is basically here, because the machines and the POS 
will be also on the single merchant sites? 
Amrish Rau: 
Yes, very interesting question. You know, your voice cracked a bit, but what I 
am going to answer is, if you actually look at our earnings, really, we have 
actually come up with a new set of numbers, so that it gives you more clarity. 
What it says is that out of the 1.9 million touch points that we have in the 
market today, about 24% to 25% of that has at least one of our services added 
on to those terminal platforms. So, may that be an aggregator or DCC or 
affordability or any of the consumer apps. So, only 25% of our terminals today 
are contributing to the value added services which exist in our business. And 
that is the opportunity for us. You would also see over the last five quarters, 
that number has moved from 21% of the total DCP base to now 25% of the 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 17 of 33 
total DCP base. Having said that, on the other hand, when it comes to 
transaction value and volumes that has grown by almost 37%, while the 
number of DCP has only increased from 21% to 24% across the entire DCP 
base, it has been explained well in the earnings report that we have sent out. 
Keyur Kumar: 
Okay. And another thing is sir, like, in our gifting, the issuing, the acquiring 
platform. So, it should be like, it is coming with the new logos and on boarding 
and all the things, right? So, if you can provide any quantitative number, like, 
how is the per logo ticket size varying or means the coming from the revenue? 
Amrish Rau: 
We have not shared that information right now and we are not in a position 
to share that. Just in terms of, just in terms of understanding on that one is, 
you could very well have a logo which could be a chain of 10 restaurants. But 
at the same time, you would also have a logo as big as something like a 
Meesho, which is actually a client of ours. But you could have just two 
extremes of it and the revenue expectation out of them could completely 
differ. And hence, we have not actually explained what is the per logo revenue 
for our issuing business. 
Keyur Kumar: 
Okay, got it. But can you share the, like, how many logos we have right now?  
Amrish Rau: 
Sameer, you have a number to that one? 
Sameer Kamath: 
I think we have multiple logos there. 
Amrish Rau: 
I think about 650 is what I would say as the highlight. Do not hold me to that. 
I will get you more information. 
Keyur Kumar: 
Okay. And lastly, on the tech side, you have developed the tap and pay. So, I 
understood from the RHP and all that we were very aggressive for the 
payment gateway segments for our new vertical, right? And now your tech 
basically shift that vertical entirely if we compare with the other players, right? 
So, first thing, because this is like a new tech, how you are developing the 
security side basically, because this feature unlocks very much of potentials 
for our business, but also enables the security sides. So, how you are 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 18 of 33 
developing that thing? And on more level, you can explain about the GTM you 
are thinking right now for this tech. 
Amrish Rau: 
Fundamentally, let us understand this piece that the technology required in 
the offline payments business is way more complex than what is required in 
the online payment side. As you know, over many, many years, we have 
invested into building out highly secure platforms when it comes to offline 
payments. When it comes to online payments, I would want to think that 90% 
of our technologies have been able to be reused on the online platform side. 
And hence, we think our platform is as rugged as the platform that we have 
in the offline world. In terms of security, we follow the best standards which 
has been laid out there by governing bodies in terms of security only, but also 
in terms of what the local bodies and the local regulators have asked for. As 
far as GTM is concerned, as Sameer mentioned to you before, we have some 
great new logos already in place when it comes to online payments. We just 
announced some days back, Lenskart has already gone live with us on our 
platforms, Myntra is live with us, Cred is live, Apple resellers are with us, 
Samsung.com online is entirely with us. We are making tremendous progress 
in asset-live businesses, may that be on the bill payment side or may that be 
on the online payment side. 
Keyur Kumar: 
Okay sir. And lastly, should we expect any upside on the headcount on future? 
Amrish Rau: 
See, you know, one of the things which we actually wanted to talk and I guess 
both Sameer and I forgot to mention out there is that in our company, we 
have totally about 1000 engineers, technologists and product managers in 
the company. I do not know why it would require more than 1000 people on 
the engineering and technology and product side. So, short answer on that 
one is the answer is no. The longer answer on that one is in the next quarter, 
we will actually talk about some of the AI-related initiatives that the company 
has taken up. Today, we believe 18% of all code which is being written in Pine 
Labs has been developed using AI. We are bringing a lot of AI on our customer 
services side. We are bringing a lot of AI in terms of rewriting our legacy code 
on some of the platforms that we have out there. So, the short answer is, I do 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 19 of 33 
not think we are going to be requiring more headcount in our business. And 
that is the reason we wanted to very clearly show to you that for every rupee 
increase in the contribution margin, how will that flow through on the EBITDA 
and on the PAT side. 
Keyur Kumar: 
Thank you, sir. And all the best for the future. 
Amrish Rau: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Arjun. 
Arjun: 
Thanks for the opportunity. With respect to the value-added services part, out 
of INR 650 crores, 29% is POS. So, within the Digital Infrastructure, out of INR 440 
crores, the remaining around INR 251 crore would be the Affordability and VAS 
revenue? 
Sameer Kamath: 
It will be Affordability, VAS and also the Fintech Infrastructure, Arjun. I think we 
combined three items with it, as you rightly said, four items. There will be the 
POS business, there will be the online business, there will be the Affordability 
and VAS business and the Fintech infrastructure business. So, the POS 
machine, which is one of the four components within the digital infrastructure 
is about 29% of it. 
Arjun: 
Okay. So, I was just trying to understand the take rate or realization in the 
Affordability business, which was, which used to be around 39 odd bps. Now, 
out of this INR 440 crores and INR 63,000 crore of GTV, how the realization over 
here has been in the first half and how has it panned out in the festive season, 
October, November, etc. And means how much is the kind of traction after the 
GST cut, etc, in October, November, how do you see this Affordability and VAS 
business playing out on realization and the GTV, if you could give some color, 
it will be helpful. Yes. 
Sameer Kamath: 
So, the realization across the segments have been more or less constant. 
There may be slight change in the mix here and there, like, for example, UPI 
may go up and the yields are lower. But intra-segmental yields have 
remained fairly constant in line with what we have put out in the DRHP as well. 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 20 of 33 
As far as the traction post Q2 is concerned, I think, as we said that the first two 
quarters are slightly muted, we have seen good response in the Diwali season 
where we have seen peak volumes come in. Obviously, as our next quarter 
results come in, you will probably get a better clarity now the quarter is 
underway. But yes, I think, even in the first two quarters, we have seen 
meaningful traction. And that is why even in H1 versus H1 of last year, we have 
seen meaningful growth of our GTVs while take rates continue to remain at 
the same level. 
Arjun: 
Okay. So, broadly, we can assume out of this INR 440 crores, around INR 250 
odd crores should be your VAS and Affordability revenue from there. 
Sameer Kamath: 
Plus minus that range. Yes. 
Arjun: 
Okay. Fine. Okay. And could you give some idea on the market share that is 
there in this business? Because we also see competition getting into this. 
Amrish Rau: 
Yes. So, in this space, look, I will say that for the longest time we have been 
above 80% of the market share. We just did a recent report on that internally 
not ready to be shared externally. We continue to believe that we have about 
80% to 85% of the market share in this space. 
Arjun: 
Great. Sure. Thanks, Amrish. Thanks, Sameer. Thank you so much. 
Amrish Rau: 
Thank you. 
Sameer Kamath: 
Thank you, Arjun. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants are requested to mention your name and 
organization before asking your questions. Our next question is from Mr. Mitul 
Shah. 
Mitul Shah: 
Hello, sir. 
Sameer Kamath: 
Hi, Mitul. Go on. 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 21 of 33 
Mitul Shah: 
Congratulations. First of all, I am from Ahmedabad. We have talked during 
our roadshow that I will be there. And thank you for the wonderful, wonderful 
result. I am so happy to see you on this call. And you told me that you will 
provide the best of the disclosure and you did it. So, this is you are the only 
company who have done the conference call like this. So, I am really happy 
that I am an investor, as well as my fund is invested in yours. And second, I 
want to understand. My question is, QR based payment system in China and 
everywhere I go, the QR based payment system is taking over than the POS. 
Everywhere I am going, I am seeing the trend. So, POS is our fairly, you know, 
large contribution. So, when we are shifting or how we are coping up with that, 
that is my basic question. 
Amrish Rau: 
Mitul, I will give you a very interesting fact, which again, I do not need to be 
disclosing out here, but I will just share with you. Very interestingly, today on 
our terminal estate, almost 66% of all transactions on our terminal estate are 
actually QR based transactions. So, what we are getting to see is large 
merchants still are looking for having a screen at the checkout, both to 
publish the QR or to accept cards. So, in a very interesting manner over the 
last two years, while you have seen the growth in our DCP on the business, our 
transaction mix has already changed where 66% or two third of my 
transactions are today coming on the QR side. The other thing is how UPI and 
what UPI is going to do to our business. I have actually answered that in the 
earnings report. Mitul, I do remember having met up with you. I want to make 
another comment out here. In in my personal CEO letter, I have actually talked 
about my experience of some of the questions I received in Ahmedabad and 
Rajkot. So, have a look at my personal note also, which I sent out at the end of 
the quarter. 
Mitul Shah: 
Yes. I am so happy that you have remembered all those questions and you 
have written it. I am really happy. 
Amrish Rau: 
Thank you, Mitul. We will talk later. 
Mitul Shah: 
Yes. Thank you. 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 22 of 33 
Amrish Rau: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Pranav. 
Amrish Rau: 
Hi Pranav. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Hello. Hi. Can you hear me? 
Amrish Rau: 
Yes. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I am Pranav Kshatriya from NK. My first question 
is, I see a very strong growth in Issuing and acquiring business, especially in 
the international geographies. And my understanding is that we possibly 
have a slightly inferior contribution margin in the international geographies, 
but it seems that despite that the contribution margin for issuing and 
acquiring business has increased despite the strong growth. So, how should 
we see this business panning out in three to five years’ time? And what is your 
view on that? 
Sameer Kamath: 
So, just to say, I think we have been making approach into a lot of new 
counters because of the use cases that we have been mentioning, Pranav. I 
think the take rates are slightly lower in the international business because as 
we know that our business is a take rate business, which combines the work 
we do not just on processing, but also distribution. We have a far stronger 
distribution presence in India. And therefore, there is a slightly higher 
contribution from the distribution part of the business, which comes in India. 
As we build our capabilities and we build scale across counters in the 
international geography, we should see some more take rates going up there. 
So, I think intra-segmented take rates remain the same. It is just that our 
distribution strength is stronger in India. And therefore, we get little higher 
revenues in India. 
Amrish Rau: 
What I will add into this one is that over the last couple of years, one of the 
reasons why you were getting to see the India business a little bit muted when 
it comes to the prepaid side of the business was because there was an 
overhang related to GST and application of GST on gift cards. In January of 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 23 of 33 
this year, the government of India clarified that gift cards do not attract GST. 
And because of that, we have again started to see a lot of brands pushing 
out gift cards. Gift cards are being actually distributed at a much aggressive 
level. If you actually see the quarter-on-quarter between Q4 of last year and 
then Q1 and Q2 and the first half of the year, you would see that the India 
numbers have started to come in with significant year-on-year growth also 
on the prepaid issuing side. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Great. My second question is on the Affordability side. In your letter, you 
mentioned that Q2 FY’25 was unusually strong quarter. But what I understand 
is that last year actually the entire festivity was in Q3 and Q2 was relatively 
quieter. So, what is the disconnect? Just curious on that. 
Amrish Rau: 
It was related to some one off large deals which we had pulled together in Q1 
and Q2. Look, one of the reasons why I did not specifically talk about it right 
now, because honestly, our job as operators have to continue to power on 
and win market share as much as we can every year. But we just wanted to 
give a color because what could happen is people get fixated only on the 
number of year-on-year growth. But we thought, let us just clarify that when 
you look at what is happening on the hardware and the reduction in 
hardware, contribution margin is growing at 21%, revenues are growing at 18%. 
And we had a little bit of a base effect which came from last year. And that 
was largely because of some lump sum business which came through in 
both in Q1 and Q2 actually. I personally believe that when you when you look 
at a Q3 and Q4, the base effect would have gone away. What we had coming 
out of last year when it was Q1 and Q2. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Okay. The second part of that question is on Affordability and VAS GTV. There 
was a GST cut which happened, which sort of propelled some of the spends 
for TV. Was there some impact of that in Q2 because it came on 22nd of 
September? And should we see further acceleration in Q3 because of that? 
Amrish Rau: 
So, there was a marginal impact, but it was both positive and negative. So, 
what happened is as soon as our Honorable Prime Minister Modi Ji actually 
announced that the GST rates are going to get changed, we are almost 15 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 24 of 33 
days of complete slowdown when it came to any purchases in the markets. 
And we had basically transaction volumes completely drop off. I think it was 
around 22nd of September when the new GST rates kicked in. So, we had 
about an eight days which came in more or less, I would have said it would 
have netted off the spectacular rise that we had in the, sorry, netted off the 
drop that we had in the early part of September. As far as the Diwali season 
is, that is going into Q3, I would not want to forecast anything on Q3 on this 
call, please. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Okay, sure. Last question is on the devices business. If I back calculate 
according to your disclosures, the ARPU implied is around INR 336 for Q2, 
which is significantly lower than INR 380 odd, which was there for FY’25. I 
mean, you did mention in the letter that you are deliberately moving away 
from the hardware based deal to a software based deal. So, how should we 
sort of see this panning out in coming years? 
Amrish Rau: 
While I let the CFO answer this one, I just want to give one headlines on that 
one is, and that is the reason why even though we have 29% of our revenues, 
we have the take rate actually dropping, our contribution margin has gone 
up. Because what we are getting to see is much more of software led sales 
happening when it comes to subscription revenues. And while our take rate 
has gone down, and actually our contribution margin has gone up. 
Sameer Kamath: 
Yes, I think Amrish have covered it. So, as I said, Pranav fair observation. And 
that is the conscious call we are taking where we are taking care, we are 
basically, headline revenues may look slightly muted, because hardware is a 
bit lumpy, but it is a low margin business. And that lower take rate there has 
been compensated by the fact that our contribution margin has actually 
grown by 21%, with revenues at about 18%. And that is a conscious part of our 
strategy. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Fair enough. Thank you so much for the opportunity and all the best. 
Amrish Rau: 
Thank you. 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 25 of 33 
Sameer Kamath: 
Thank you Pranav. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Srinivasan. 
Srinivasan: 
Hello. 
Sameer Kamath: 
Yes. 
Srinivasan: 
Am I, am I audible sir? 
Sameer Kamath: 
Very clearly. Go ahead Srinivasan. 
Srinivasan: 
Yes. First of all, congratulations for the great set of numbers and especially 
second consecutive PAT positive this quarter. My question is about the 
operating leverage. You guided that INR 50 to INR 57 EBITDA for every INR 100 
contribution. So, can you commit this for the next couple of quarters? 
Sameer Kamath: 
This is, I think, as a business, Srinivasan, the reason we have given this 
guidance is because we have been demonstrating how our operating 
leverage is playing out. So, if you see our top line has grown at about 20%-
22%. Our adjusted EBITDA margins has moved up to about from 9% to about 
19% to 20% already. And we have given the structural reasons why you are 
seeing this operating leverage play out. Like we said, there is a focus on 
building value-added services, tech-based revenues, international revenues, 
which are high margin. We are seeing operating leverage come out of the 
employee cost with productivity gains are headcount not increasing at the 
rate of revenue. And therefore, this is a structural way we are trying to break 
down our operating leverage to say that as a business moves on and builds 
scale, you should expect at least about in the range and that is why we have 
given a range that roughly about 50% to 55% of our incremental contribution 
margin will fall through adjusted EBITDA. 
Amrish Rau: 
I will just add one thing is we try to be very careful by not trying to be 
aggressive in this projection that we have given out here. So, yes, we do feel 
comfortable with what we have sent out there. 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 26 of 33 
Srinivasan: 
Okay, thanks for that. And my next question is about the tap to pay online that 
you demonstrated initially. Does this support all types of cards like RuPay, 
Master and also like RBI two-factor authentication and iOS and Android? So, 
does this support all these combinations? 
Amrish Rau: 
I will give you the answer on two parts. One, absolutely it supports everything 
what you just talked about. But the second part of the conversation is you 
obviously have to go through certifications, getting approval, and only then 
you can take it to GTM. All of that work is pending. We are taking this across 
many, many markets as we speak just now, but that work is pending in terms 
of getting approvals and getting all the local testings done. 
Srinivasan: 
Okay, so I have already used this product in some other place. The problem 
that I used to see is always latency. Latency issues I see. Sometimes it fails. 
Merchant finds it difficult to roll back. 
Amrish Rau: 
No, I want to clarify that. What you have seen as a product is where merchant 
is using his or her phone to receive card payment transaction. What we 
demonstrated is - consumer is using his phone to make a payment to the 
merchant. It is a completely different product that we actually showed. So, we 
are saying consumer is sitting at home, he is on an app, a food delivery app. 
When it comes to a payment page, he just uses his card, taps on his own 
phone and the transaction is getting initiated and completed. What you 
would have seen is where you are giving the card and tapping it on the 
merchant's phone, which is the other form factor. 
Srinivasan: 
I see. Thanks for the clarification. 
Amrish Rau: 
Thank you. 
Srinivasan: 
That is all from my side. 
Amrish Rau: 
Thank you, Srinivasan. 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 27 of 33 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants are requested to mention your name and 
organization before asking your question. Our next question is from Mr. 
Himanshu Taluja. 
Himanshu Taluja: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on a great set of the numbers and also very good 
disclosures in the presentation. Just one question at my end. Given you have 
a narrative to deliver a 20% to 25% growth over the near to medium term and 
probably clearly VAS, Issuing and Acquiring businesses and the Affordability 
solutions are delivering you a growth of 30% range, it is just the POS business 
which is expected to grow at 15% to 18%. How will you build that narrative or 
what expectations do you have around the POS business, device businesses, 
if you can just help us? 
Sameer Kamath: 
Yes, so I think, look, the way we look at our POS businesses, our POS touchpoint 
actually helps us monetize and build on the various rails of the value-added 
and Affordability business. So, if you see the headline POS numbers, they have 
also grown at about 19%, where we are at about 1.9 across about one million 
merchants. So, I think we have not seen a slowdown of growth there. But 
clearly the opportunity for us on the POS devices is to see how that 25% 
number keeps increasing because that drives the monetization of the value-
added services that we have. 
Amrish Rau: 
I just want to mention, Himanshu, just mention out here is when it comes to 
just sequential quarter-on-quarter, we have actually moved from 1.7 million 
deployments to about 
Sameer Kamath: 
1.9 that is 90% growth. 
Amrish Rau: 
So, it is about 1.9 is what we have been able to grow on that business. But as I 
told you, materially, what is going to make a difference for us from an earning 
standpoint, material difference is actually going to come out of what is going 
to happen out of the 70%-75% of the rest of the revenues that we are getting 
in the company. 
Himanshu Taluja: 
Yes, sure. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 28 of 33 
Sameer Kamath: 
Thank you, Himanshu. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Prakhar Sharma. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Hi. Am I audible now? 
Amrish Rau: 
Yes. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Thank you and congratulations. It has been a great journey and best of luck. 
What I wanted to just ask you is if you could explain the seasonality on 1Q to 
2Q. I know it is not the best half for you. So, if I look at your revenues between 
1Q and 2Q, you have gone up by about INR 34 odd crores from INR 616 crores 
to INR 650 crores. Your contribution has actually gone up by INR 17 crores, 
which is about a 15% incremental contribution margin. And your EBITDA has 
gone up by just about INR 1 crore. So, your margin has come down. So, if you 
could just explain what is this seasonality? I am sorry, I got into numbers and 
maybe you know. 
Amrish Rau: 
Prakhar, I am going to be completely transparent with you. What that 
seasonality is between Q1 and Q2. Remember, I have been in payments for 25 
years. I cannot tell you what the seasonality between a Q1 and a Q2. In fact, I 
would say that there are enough and more years on which Q2 is generally 
weaker than Q1. And that is largely because that is the rain period across the 
country. So, I would say the seasonality in the payments and fintech business 
in general are just bucketed into two parts. Q1 and Q2 would be weaker and 
the stronger one would be a Q3 and Q4. I honestly cannot tell you. But 
between Q1 and Q2, what will be the seasonality breakup you know. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Yes, because I was just, I know it is a small number. I was just inquisitive to see 
why have the margins actually come off sequentially, which is the point I was 
trying to just get to. 
Sameer Kamath: 
I think the margins, the EBITDA margins are more or less on the same line, 
maybe plus one percent minus here or there. I think some small numbers 
change there. But largely on a trajectory that we are at, Prakhar, we are at a 
19% to 20% adjusted EBITDA margin. 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 29 of 33 
Amrish Rau: 
Yes, margin is very minuscule, I think less than 50 bps or 1% out there. But I 
think more interestingly, going forward Prakhar, we have actually made it 
super clear for everybody to calculate saying that if the Q3 and Q4 are going 
to be stronger, what does that mean from a PAT standpoint. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Of course. And is there any color you can share on the affordability, especially 
the support that 
Sameer Kamath: 
Sorry, we lost you, Prakhar. 
Amrish Rau: 
Prakash, we could not hear you. We just heard affordability. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Am I audible now? 
Amrish Rau: 
Yes. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Okay. I was asking if you could throw some color on the affordability, 
especially the EMI credit that is going through your pipes. How is that trending 
for you and for the market? And are you able to improve some sort of take 
rates on that side? 
Amrish Rau: 
So, I think Sameer has already answered on that one. In terms of the overall 
transaction processing, VAS and the Affordability business, we believe that 
individual segments, the margins have remained same as what we had 
established earlier. In terms of affordability numbers, as you can see, it is 
almost coming at about, sorry, the overall number is almost coming at about 
35%-37% higher on a year-on-year basis. And by the way, that has been the 
case for the last five years. So, it is not that this number is entirely surprising 
where it is. I can only tell you that the Diwali this year has been just 
stupendous, just an unbelievably strong Diwali we have had. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
But that will come in Q3. 
Amrish Rau: 
Of course. Yes. 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 30 of 33 
Prakhar Sharma: 
This is perfect. And best of luck to you and the entire team. Thank you so 
much. 
Amrish Rau: 
Thank you very much, Prakhar. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Navneet Singh. 
Navneet Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My voice is audible. 
Sameer Kamath: 
Yes, Navneet, go ahead, please. 
Navneet Singh: 
So, I have a couple of questions. One question pertaining to IPO. So, as per the 
last private funding round, Pine Labs was valued at about USD 5 billion around 
three years ago. IPO has happened at around USD 3 billion. So, what has 
happened that led to fall in its valuation? 
Amrish Rau: 
Sir, I have answered this question five times. Whatever value is on the terminal 
that is my value. I cannot do anything. 
Navneet Singh: 
All right. No issue. Another question. So, there are a lot of listed players and 
some of the competitors of Pine Labs about to go in IPO. So, what is it that Pine 
Labs has compared to these competitors? These competitors are aggressive 
and they may trigger certain price war and margin may hit. So, what is your 
strategy around these? 
Amrish Rau: 
Navneet, you know, it is not good to speculate about what competition is 
going to do. I think one of the things I try to show out there is we continue to 
win on all sectors. We continue to grow our platforms very well. I do not think 
so. I am too much worried about my protecting my business or growing my 
business. I feel very comfortable. Thank you. 
Navneet Singh: 
All right. Okay. Some of the colors on the revenue growth for Pine Labs and its 
subsidiary for next financial year. 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 31 of 33 
Sameer Kamath: 
We cannot make forward looking projections of this. I think this call is 
restricted more to how this quarter has performed Navneet. So, that data is 
there in the data that we shared. 
Navneet Singh: 
All right. Got it. One trivial question related to the product that are 
demonstrated at the beginning of this call that tap and pay feature. So, is this 
feature require a separate app to be installed on the consumer device? 
Amrish Rau: 
No, it does not. It is an SDK which will go into the app of the consumer Internet 
company. 
Navneet Singh: 
Understood. Understood. Thank you. That is all from my end. And all the best 
for next quarter. 
Amrish Rau: 
Thank you Navneet. We will just take one last question. Mr. Kush Shah go 
ahead and then we will wrap it up. 
Kush Shah: 
Yes, Am I audible? 
Amrish Rau: 
Yes, you are. 
Kush Shah: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. My first question would be what 
would be the monthly fee for the POS device you charge? 
Sameer Kamath: 
So, as we have said earlier on the call it is in the range of about, it is a blended 
range of about INR 350 to about INR 380 and that range kind of splits 
depending on whether how much of hardware or component is there in it. 
Kush Shah: 
Okay, perfect. And the second question would be what would be the software 
as a side? How we are different from the competitor? Because the adoption, 
the product development, everyone will be able to make software at one 
point of time so are we different from the competitors side? 
Amrish Rau: 
Well, the answer on that one is it is exactly as different as the Apple software 
is compared to the Android software. Did you understand what I am trying to 
say? 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 32 of 33 
Kush Shah: 
Yes, I did, but. 
Amrish Rau: 
No, honestly answer is that only. What we do is premium in what we do. We 
are very proud of the technology that we built over the years. The kind of ease 
of use, the reporting, settlement, security, ease of configurations, existing 
pipes and integrations that we have. It is a fairly complex and well-developed 
platform. It is a full ecosystem which we have built out there. 
Kush Shah: 
So, the TAM wise, how would be the TAM wise compared to the quick 
commerce or the travel platform so we can gauge the market around this? 
Sameer Kamath: 
As we have said on the call, each of the segments top players are already our 
partners, Navneet. So, basically, if you see the top three quick commerce 
companies work with us across some of our businesses, the top retailers work 
with us, the top banks work with us, top petroleum companies. So, I think we 
are playing across an entire ecosystem of the payment space across 
merchants, brands and enterprises. And I think our product stack, our DNA as 
a tech first of Fintech helps us kind of build deep integrations, create value-
added services and be relevant to them in their journey of growth. I think that 
is our economic that is our mode which we have been able to live up to and 
we have seen our business grow within that cohort. 
Kush Shah: 
Okay, perfect. And on the ESOP side, I want to ask a question, how much would 
be the expense that would go further on the higher side? 
Sameer Kamath: 
I think we have guided on our presentation on where we stand today. I think 
more or less, we should be in the range of about 4% to 6% of top line and 
trending slightly downward as we go into the amortization of the existing 
ESOP. 
Kush Shah: 
Okay, so basically, it will be consolidated around between 4% to 6%. 
Sameer Kamath: 
Yes, it will keep going down. Obviously, we have made some new issuances. 
That is why there is some upfront in Q1, but as a direction, you should see the 
ESOPs was going down. 

 
                                                                                                                 
                    
 
 
Page 33 of 33 
Kush Shah: 
My last question would be the gifting side at Qwikcilver. What would be the 
TAM of a gifting in India so that we can gauge market size? 
Sameer Kamath: 
Yes, so I think we had a technical partner Redseer, which has given a very 
detailed assessment of TAM of each of the segments, not just in India, but 
across the globe. I think in the especially the markets we operate now, so if 
you can look at those, then you would be able to get a deeper sense on that. 
I think all of that is covered in our DRHP, which we put out just a few months 
back, which we put out a few months back. 
Kush Shah: 
Perfect. Thank you so much. 
Sameer Kamath: 
Thank you very much. 
Amrish Rau: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for today. With that, we conclude the 
Q&A session. I will now request Mr. Amrish to share his closing remarks before 
we end the call. 
Amrish Rau: 
Thank you very much for doing this. Please take a minute to read the note 
which I had put out there. We are back to work. Thank you to all of you for 
having welcomed us on the public markets. This was our first earning calls. 
You guys have been fairly kind with us in these questions also. We will learn, 
we will improve, and we will keep giving you more disclosures. Thank you very 
much. 
Sameer Kamath: 
So, if you have any further questions or information, feel free to reach out to 
us at the investor relations email that we have put out at the end of the 
presentation. Thank you and have a good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. You can now disconnect your lines. Thank you everyone for joining 
us today. Have a great evening. 
 
