 
November 3, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540767 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: NAM-INDIA 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and half year ended September 
30, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2025, conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on October 30, 
2025, for your information and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company:  
https://mf.nipponindiaim.com/InvestorServices/pdfDocuments/Conference-Call-Transcript-for-Q2-FY-
2026.pdf 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
 
 
Valde Varghese 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
VALDE 
VARGHESE 
PONTHOKKEN
Digitally signed by 
VALDE VARGHESE 
PONTHOKKEN 
Date: 2025.11.03 
16:06:02 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
 
 
 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
Q2 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
 
• MR. SUNDEEP SIKKA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CEO 
• MR. PARAG JOGLEKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
• MR. SAUGATA CHATTERJEE – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
• MR. AMOL BILAGI – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
• MR. ARPANARGHYA SAHA – CHIEF DIGITAL OFFICER 
• MR. ASHISH CHHUGANI – HEAD OF AIF 
• MR. AASHWIN DUGAL – DEPUTY HEAD OF AIF 
• MR. SHIN MATSUI-SAN - NOMINEE OF NIPPON LIFE 
INSURANCE, JAPAN 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MEGHNA LUTHRA – INCRED EQUITIES 
 
 

 
                                                  Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Nippon Life India Asset 
Management Limited Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by InCred 
Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Meghna from InCred Capital. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
 
Meghna Luthra: 
Thank you, Ikra, and good evening to everyone. On behalf of InCred Equities, 
I welcome you all to Nippon Life India Asset Management Second Quarter FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. We have along with us Mr. Sundeep Sikka, 
Executive Director. We are thankful to the management for allowing us this 
opportunity. 
 
 
I would now like to hand it over to Mr. Sundeep sir for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Good evening and welcome to our Q2 FY26 earnings conference call. 
We have with us, Chief Financial Officer – Parag Joglekar, Chief Business 
Officer - Saugata Chatterjee, Deputy Chief Financial Officer - Amol Bilagi, 
Chief Digital Officer - Arpan Saha, Head AIF - Ashish Chugani, Deputy Head 
AIF - Aashwin Dugal and Shin Matsui-san, nominee from Nippon Life 
Insurance (Japan). 
 
I would first like to share key highlights of our performance and post that I will 
hand-over to Parag, to speak in greater detail on the recent Industry trends as 
well as our performance, post which we will move on to QnA. 
 
Coming to the Key Highlights: 
1. I would like to start by mentioning that NAM India has achieved its 
highest ever quarterly Operating Profit at INR 4.19 bn. 
2. Further, NAM India was the fastest growing AMC in the Top-10 
AMCs in H1 FY26. 

 
                                                  Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
3. This led to an increase in our Overall AUM & Equity AUM market 
share.  
4. We had the highest increase in AUM market share in the Industry in 
H1 FY26. 
5. Our market share at 8.51% is our highest since June 2019. 
6. Importantly, both Equity Net Sales market share and SIP market share 
remained well above our Equity AUM market share. 
7. Our SIP market share was again greater than 10% in September 2025, 
and our Equity Net Sales market share was in the high single-digits for 
the quarter. 
8. Also, happy to share that the Board of Directors has declared an 
Interim Dividend of INR 9.00 per share along with the Q2 FY26 
results. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Parag for further details on Industry trends and 
our performance. 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
Thanks, Sundeep. Let me start off with the markets: 
Equity markets in Q2 FY26 witnessed a decline from prior quarter levels. The 
NIFTY decreased by 3.6% QoQ, while the NIFTY Mid & Small Cap indices 
decreased by 4.3% & 6.2% QoQ, respectively. The repo-rate was stable at 
5.50%, while the 10 Year G-Sec yield increased by 25 bps QoQ to 6.58%. 
 
Coming to data on the Mutual Fund industry: 
1. Industry QAAUM grew by 16.5% YoY and 6.9% QoQ in Q2 FY26 to 
INR 77.1 trillion. 
2. The share of Equity in overall AUM increased marginally QoQ, 
ending at 56.8% for Q2 FY26, from 56.6% in Q1 FY26. 
 
Now, moving to Industry flows: 
1. The Equity category (excluding index funds and arbitrage funds) 
witnessed a gross inflow of INR 2.62 trillion and a net inflow of INR 
1.41 trillion. Both gross inflows and net inflows were higher QoQ. 
2. Categories with the highest inflows were Flexi Cap, Small Cap and 
Mid Cap funds. 

 
                                                  Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
3. The Fixed Income category i.e. (Debt + Liquid), witnessed a net 
outflow of INR 28 bn in the quarter, after a net inflow in the prior 
quarter. 
4. The ETF category had a net inflow of INR 317 bn. 
 
Moving on to SIP: 
1. Industry SIP contribution for the quarter was INR 861 bn, up 21% 
YoY and 7% QoQ. 
2. Monthly SIP flows in Sep-2025 stood at INR 294 bn – an all-time high.  
3. Further, contributing SIP folios increased by 6.1 mn i.e., 7% higher to 
92.5 mn for Sep-2025 over Jun-2025. 
 
At the end of the quarter, unique investors in the Mutual Fund Industry 
increased to 57.0 mn i.e., an increase of 14% YoY. 
 
Now moving to our business performance: 
1. We closed the quarter with total assets under management of INR 7.61 
trillion. This includes Mutual Funds, Managed Accounts, Offshore 
Funds and GIFT City. 
2. Our Mutual Fund QAAUM grew 19.5% YoY and 7.1% QoQ to reach 
INR 6.57 trillion. We were the fastest growing AMC in the Top-10 in 
H1 FY26 and had the highest increase in QAAUM market share in H1 
FY26 among all AMCs.  
 
I would now like to share a few key highlights for the quarter: 
1. Starting with market share - Our market share increased 22 bps YoY 
and 2 bps QoQ to 8.51%. 
2. Our Equity market share increased 17 bps YoY and 9 bps QoQ to 
7.13%. 
3. The share of Equity AUM in our overall AUM increased by 0.7% QoQ 
to 47.6% for Q2 FY26. 
4. We achieved a high single-digit market share in net sales in the Equity 
+ Hybrid segment in Q2 FY26. 
5. We continue to have the largest investor base in the Mutual Fund 
industry, with 21.9 mn unique investors. We are humbled to have over 
1 in 3 mutual fund investors invest with us. 

 
                                                  Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
6. During the quarter, we also completed the NFO of the Nippon India 
MNC Fund which collected ~INR 3.8 bn. 
 
I would also like to touch upon some important aspects of our Systematic 
Book: 
1. I am happy to share that there has been continued momentum in our 
systematic flows. 
2. Our monthly systematic book rose by 16% YoY and 10% QoQ to INR 
36.4 bn for Sep-2025. This resulted in an annualized systematic book 
of INR 437 bn. 
3. SIP market share stood at 10.02% for Sep-2025. 
 
Moving on briefly to the ETF Segment: 
1. We continue to be one of the largest ETF players with AUM of INR 
1.83 trillion and a market share of 19.77%, which increased by 160 
bps YoY. 
2. Our share in the industry’s ETF folios is 50%. We also have 49% share 
of ETF volumes on the NSE and the BSE. Our ETFs’ average daily 
volumes, across key funds, remain far higher than the rest of the 
Industry. 
3. The Industry witnessed a surge in Gold & Silver ETF volumes in the 
quarter. In terms of closing AUM, NIMF’s Gold ETF was up 36% 
QoQ and the Silver ETF was up 89% QoQ. Combined AUM in these 
2 ETFs was ~INR 450 bn as of September 30, 2025. 
4. In Q2 FY26, we launched 3 new products: 1) Nippon India Nifty 1D 
Rate Liquid ETF, 2) Nippon India Nifty India Manufacturing ETF, and 
3) Nippon India Nifty India Manufacturing Index Fund. 
 
Moving on to our digital franchise: 
1. Digital purchase transactions & new SIP registrations rose to 4.2 
million in Q2 FY26, up 18% YoY. 
2. Digital Business contributed 75% of the total new purchase 
transactions H1 FY26.  
3. NIMF continues to strengthen and enhance its Digital capabilities to 
meet the ever-growing needs of today's tech savvy investors. 

 
                                                  Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
4. Our focus remains on providing best-in-class Digital experiences to 
our customers with constant additions in features and capabilities 
across journeys. 
 
Now, I would like to briefly update you on our subsidiaries and GIFT City: 
1. Starting off with AIF - Under, Nippon India AIF, we offer Category II 
and Category III AIFs and have raised cumulative commitments of 
INR 87.2 bn across various schemes, up 30% YoY. 
2. In Q2 FY26, we raised INR 6.2 bn of commitment, across various asset 
classes. 
3. Fundraising is currently underway for two of our Listed Equity AIFs, 
Residential RE fund and Direct VC Fund. 
4. Fund deployment across all the strategies was robust in the quarter, 
with 12 active investments in Performing Credit, and full deployment 
in our Venture Capital FoF, across 14 funds, with underlying exposure 
to 410+ startup companies. 
5. Our future product pipeline includes: Nippon India Credit 
Opportunities AIF Scheme 2: second performing credit fund. 
6. On the Offshore front - AUM grew 6% in H1 FY26 to INR 161 bn, 
with inflows coming in from various geographies in Asia, Europe, and 
Latin America. 
7. We continue to expand our footprint in the Japanese Institutional and 
Retail markets in conjunction with Nissay Asset Management 
Corporation, Japan. 
8. We also continue to expand our footprint in new geographies in the 
Asian, European and Latin America region. 
9. Moving to GIFT City - As stated previously, we currently have 2 
feeder funds - namely ‘Nippon India ETF Nifty 50 BeES GIFT’ Fund, 
and the Nippon India Large Cap Fund GIFT. 
10. The AUM in these funds more than doubled QoQ to USD 31 mn. 
 
Now on to our Financial Performance: 
1. For Q2 FY26, Revenue stood at INR 6.58 bn, up 15% YoY and 8% 
QoQ. 
2. Other Income stood at INR 0.37 bn, down 70% YoY and 75% QoQ. 
3. Operating Expenses stood at INR 2.39 bn, up 16% YoY and 5% QoQ. 
4. Operating Profit stood at INR 4.19 bn, up 15% YoY and 11% QoQ. 

 
                                                  Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
5. Profit After Tax stood at INR 3.45 bn - down 4% YoY 13% QoQ.  
6. For H1 FY26, Operating Profit grew by 18% YoY, Profit After Tax 
grew by 7% YoY. 
7. Further, the Board of Directors has declared an Interim Dividend of 
INR 9.00 per share along with the Q2 FY26 results. 
 
With this, I would like to conclude my remarks and open the floor for 
questions. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir firstly, on the regulatory change, the consultation paper, what are your 
thoughts as to what could be the impact if it is implemented as it is? That would 
be my first question. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
You want to continue with all your questions, then we can answer it together. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sure. I'll do that. The second question was on the SIF category, where we've 
seen quite a few launches -- a couple of launches in the industry. What are your 
thoughts and what are the plans there for that particular segment? 
 
 
And do you think that this segment can be a big segment going ahead upon 
setting up a separate team and what are the thoughts there? And third is a 
bookkeeping question on what are the yields, realized yields across the 
category, equity, hybrid, equity debt and liquid and others, yes. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Prayesh, I'll take the first 2 questions, and I'll request Parag to take the third 
one. So on the recent SEBI consultation paper, which has come on October 28, 
firstly, let me say the regulator has been continuously taking steps in the 
interest of the industry and this seems to be a similar step. We need to look at 
the paper holistically as it seeks to enhance regulatory clarity and investor 
protection, but it also promotes ease of regulatory compliance. Now there 
could definitely be some financial impact. We are still evaluating, but it's only 
been 2 days, day before yesterday it came, today was a Board meeting. But we 
are internally assessing it. 
 

 
                                                  Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
Ultimately SEBI has always taken feedback from public and basis that have 
taken some decisions. So this is a consultation paper at this point of time. And 
the question is, in the present form and manner, there can be some financial 
impact. We have not been able to calculate what is that impact. But we believe 
overall, it is not as damaging as we perceived to be. So that's point question 
number one. 
 
Question number two, SIF, we already have set in a team in place. We have 
Andrew and team, which is working on SIF. So we are in the process of 
launching our funds. 
 
 
To your question, how big, we believe this category can be very, very big 
because there is an inherent demand. The reason we are trying to go slow on it 
is we are trying to build up a stronger foundation before we launch the 
products, I mean, whether to do it from a risk framework point of view and 
various other things. But we are very, very bullish about this category. 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
And Prayesh, on yields, the equity yield is 54 basis, debt is 25, liquid is 12 and 
ETF overall is 17 basis. The average yield on overall assets is 36 basis, which 
remains similar as last quarter. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Any -- just a follow-up on that yield part. So any alterations in commissions, 
something which we have done in this quarter or any changes that we're 
looking to do going ahead? 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
Yes. So Prayesh, I was just continuing that. We did one scheme in this quarter, 
which covers almost overall 4 schemes in the last 2 years, covering almost 60% 
of the equity AUM, and we have done on a variable basis. So that is a long-
term strategy we have always done when we do a reduction or rationalization 
in the commission. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Divij Punjabi from Banyan Tree Advisors. 
 
Divij Punjabi: 
So we're seeing a high increase in other expenses of 9.4% QoQ. So can you 
just help us understand that increase? 
 

 
                                                  Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
Parag Joglekar: 
The other expenses increase is due to some of the branding exercise, which we 
did in the current quarter, which was not there in the last quarter. Plus there are 
some investments which we have done on the technology side, which is 
coming and some of the expenses which are there for the new offices. For that, 
there are some maintenance charges which have started coming from this 
quarter. 
 
Divij Punjabi: 
My second question is around the debt segment. So growth here has started to 
pick up. So can you just help us understand like which things are doing well 
here? And what is the outlook going ahead? 
 
Saugata Chatterjee 
Yes. So Divij, this is Saugata Chatterjee here. So if you have been following 
our commentary for the last 3 quarters, we have been communicating that fixed 
income is one category where we wanted to build up our scale and market 
share. And across the categories, we have started seeing positive inflows 
coming in, which includes the short term as well as the longer-term products. 
 
And that's, I think, the reason why our market share has started now inching 
up. And with the view on interest rates from a slightly longer-term point of 
view being positive, we feel that such products will definitely add value to the 
investors' portfolio. And we are doing a lot of engagement with investors and 
distributors to ensure that these categories start getting meaningful allocation 
into the investors' portfolio. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Gupta Madhusudan from Ionic. 
 
Harsh Gupta Madhusudan: 
My question is, is it possible for India to see futures and options on 
ETFs? Is there a regulatory requirement against it? Or is it just because the 
AUM is not large enough? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
This is a question I don't think I'll be able to answer. There are certain 
restrictions at this point of time. Currently, we have more vanilla products. But 
you never know. One good thing is SEBI is always in a conservative mode. So, 
you may see something like that coming in ETFs also. But at this point of time, 
it is not there. But the only good thing what has happened is in SIF, this option 
will be available. So, with respect to ETFs, I mean, it's a future, it will be 
inappropriate for me to comment on something which the regulation does not 
allow to do at this point. 

 
                                                  Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
 
Harsh Gupta Madhusudan: 
Is there any other form of ETF innovation that you have in pipeline for 
Nippon or across the industry, are you noticing anything? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So I'll give you a little different perspective - while we'll continue innovating 
and launching products. But if you see globally, you look at the top 10 
economies, countries in the world where the ETFs are of a significant size, 
80% to 90% of the ETFs are in the plain vanilla benchmarks. 
 
 
So like in our case also in India, whether it is Nifty, Sensex, Bank Nifty, Gold. 
So typically, this is a trend across the world. In some places, it could be 70%, 
in some cases it could be 80%. So we'll continue working on innovation, but 
our bigger focus will be to continue to focus on the core products, which are 
there where the investor appetite is higher and to ensure the lower tracking 
error than high liquidity. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kushagra Goel from CLSA. 
 
Kushagra Goel: 
Regarding your Non-MF AUM, so just -- I know you talked about how the 
subsidiary and AIF are growing. But if you could share more color on how we 
should look at it growing going forward as well? And secondly, if you could 
share it's yield or the fees which you get on that, how should we think about 
those moving? 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
So, the idea is to grow our non-MF businesses, and we have a separate 
subsidiary, which is our alternate investment fund subsidiary, where we 
continue to grow our AUM, and we continue to keep on doing various launches 
on private credit, equity, and VC funds. So, we are selling it in India market 
also in international markets. 
 
 
So that is the idea, plus growing our offshore subsidiary AUM will also be a 
focus area for us going forward. Currently, it's a small part of our overall 
business, but the ambition is to grow bigger. The yield on these products are a 
wide range. Some of the product, it's in the 60 basis and some product we earn 
around 120. So the range is very wide. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Meghna Luthra from InCred Equities. 

 
                                                  Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
 
Meghna Luthra: 
I just had two quick questions. One is a data keeping question that is the gold 
ETF the same yield as other ETF book? And my second question is, I wanted 
to understand what is the -- what proportion of our sourcing, especially on the 
SIP front is from fintech. And how do we compete in this segment? 
 
 
For instance, in the MFD segment, there are elements of relationship with the 
MFD, the performance of the fund, the location and the commission. So, what 
elements play out in the fintech segment? These are my two questions. And 
what proportion is of the SIP book is from fintech? 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
So gold ETF, the realization is much higher than the average ETF. Our average 
yield for ETFs is 17 basis points and for a gold ETF, it's higher. To your 
question on fintechs, I think that we -- if you were to go back to a lot of calls 
every time we say, I mean, it is not about when investors invest. It is not always 
about brokerages or anything. It's ultimately a package of trusting the brand 
performance, various things that pull the investors. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
And from an earlier question, which was asked to Parag, I've mean with 
expenses going up to which he answered that. We are investing in building the 
brand. It is the brand that pulls the investors towards us, the brand perception 
performance and especially because we are very strong from a risk 
management point of view, investors who clearly -- I mean, there are some 
investors who are always looking for returns, some investors who are more 
looking at risk-adjusted return. 
 
 
And I mean those are the investors they get attracted to us. But there is no other 
pull factor. There's no other factor. I mean these are -- it's a composition of 
multiple things, brand, emotional connect with the brand and the pull that gets 
created because of that. 
 
Meghna Luthra: 
Okay, sir. And what proportion would be source of SIP sourced through 
fintech... 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
SIP fintech is about 25% by value. 
 

 
                                                  Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
Meghna Luthra: 
Okay. And the gold ETF number, sir, I don't think we'll be disclosing that, 
right? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
No, we will not be disclosing that. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes, sir. So just wanted to understand like on the rationalization of 
commissions in one of the schemes. So going ahead, how should one look at 
this? Like are we planning to do rationalization in those schemes? And 
secondly, sir, one clarification on the ESOP cost. So as per the filing, it says 
that our ESOP cost for the quarter was around INR6 crores. 
 
 
So -- and whereas we have earlier guided that it would be in the range of around 
INR46 crores to INR48 crores. So I just wanted to understand like how -- so 
will that cost increase in the next subsequent quarters? 
 
Saugata Chatterjee 
Okay. So I'll take the first part, Saugata this side. With regard to rationalization, 
like we have been mentioning that almost 60% of the equity AUM has been 
covered under the rationalization scheme, and that definitely is a long-term 
strategy, which we have built. The good part is we have multiple products 
which are in the process of building up scale. 
 
 
And hence, we will be conscious of the fact how do we price our products in 
the market. And as and when the scale and size increases, we will definitely 
take decisions around those products. As of now, these are the four categories 
or four schemes where we'll continue to maintain the rationalization, what we 
have done. 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
And on the ESOP, the INR6 crores is on the new scheme and the overall spend 
is for the current quarter is around INR9-odd crores. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just a couple of questions. Firstly, the previous question on the ESOP, so what 
should be the run rate that we should be taking for the second half and year 
going ahead? And second is on the offshore business, if I look at the AUM, it's 

 
                                                  Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
been kind of actually on a decline -- slightly declining trajectory from about 
INR172 billion in September '24 to about INR161 billion in September '25 on 
the managed side, right? Now why is this kind of stagnant or a slight decline? 
And how do you think we can grow this piece of the business? 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
So on trade on the ESOP, the total expected spend for the year is in the range 
of around -- the one which we mentioned earlier is in the range of around 
INR40 crores to INR43-odd crores. Currently, we have around INR18 crores, 
INR19 crores of hit in the first 2 quarters. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
And next year? 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
Next year, we will be in the range of around -- if the current plan continues, it 
will be around INR26-odd crores. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. And on the question on offshore... 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
So as you know, Prayesh, the overall geopolitical situation internationally, and 
that is why the offshore is slightly not grown. And the decline is mainly due to 
the MTM, which has happened because offshore is a lot of driven by the equity 
flows in India. So the MTM impact also had on the AUM, which has resulted 
in lower AUM. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Only thing I'd like to add is, while definitely, it's a little AUM is lower, but 
there is a lot of initiatives and activities happening. You will see in the coming 
few years, I think the AUM from offshore will keep increasing. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
While we have kind of altered the commissions, how should we think about 
the yields going ahead on the equity side? Do you still maintain the 1 to 2 basis 
points every year on an overall basis? 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
Yes. So Prayesh, the historical data shows that. And we think that with the 
growth in the AUM and with the telescopic pricing, we remain in the range of 
around 2 basis every year... 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
On the equity or on the overall? 
 

 
                                                  Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
Parag Joglekar: 
Overall, overall... 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit from Centrum. 
 
Mohit: 
My first question is actually, I was looking at your distributed assets pie chart, 
and I see the retail share jumped sequentially from 50% to 54%, whereas 
corporate fell from 14% to 11%. So, one -- so how should one read into this? 
And do you think that retail gain is kind of sustainable? 
 
Saugata Chatterjee 
Saugata, this side. So I think it's an important question because like you have 
been observing our commentary and what we have been communicating is that 
we have a very strong retail franchise through the mutual fund distributors as 
well as our SIP book is increasing. 
 
 
The growth of SIP book, the growth of equity assets and the deepening of the 
investor base, what we have done by going deep into India is resulting in more 
retail money coming to us, which probably is something which we will keep 
building on because these are long-term assets, what we are gaining. 
 
 
We also did mention to you that we are trying to build our fixed income 
business through the distribution channel. That's also helping us to get a lot of 
retail money now into mutual funds. So the pie shift has happened. It may not 
increase substantially from here on, but the overall growth in the distribution 
business will definitely happen as we go ahead. 
 
Mohit: 
Understood. That is helpful. Secondly is in terms of the branch expansion. So 
I think you opened five branches in Q2. So, what is your strategy going 
forward? And what will be the impact on your operating expenses on the same? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I don't think the impact on the new branches will be very high. So what we are 
doing is basically, -- to break it down in 2 parts. one is, some of the old existing 
branches which were there, we will refurnish bigger branches more in the 
format of banking kind of a thing, where it's more, I mean, a customer-friendly 
kind of thing. That is one. 
 
 
And the other branches which we plan to open in very small cities and towns. 
I mean out there, the cost is not very high. So I mean, I don't think so from the 

 
                                                  Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
cost point of view, the branches will be high. The only cost that you have seen 
in this financial year is going to be the new office that we have acquired. So -- 
but that's going to be a onetime thing, but branch cost will not be very high. 
 
Mohit: 
Okay. But what is the strategy? I think you would open such branches in the, 
say, next 18 to 24 months as well? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So we would like to refurnish a lot of our branches, which were more basically 
in the old format. I mean when there are smaller branches and all, we are trying 
to be more visible. Bigger branches, more bank kind of branches. So I mean, 
if you were to see our branches in Jaipur, Surat, Bhubaneshwar, I mean, they're 
very unconventional branches -- mutual fund branches, they're more similar to 
bank branches. So that's the concept that we are working on. 
 
Mohit: 
Understood. That is helpful. My last question is in terms of the market share in 
ETF business. I think it's very healthy. We have kind of expanded as well if I 
look over the last 12 to 14 quarters. But if I look sequentially, it was kind of 
flattish. And basically, my question is that, do you think that owing to 
competition, we have peaked at around 20% market share? Or do you think 
there's scope for further expansion? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I don't think it's a question of competition. I mean, if you were to again look at 
it globally ETF business, the top 2 or 3 players typically take 80% to 90% 
market share on their liquidity. What you have seen is because we had a little 
bit of EPFO money, which was in CPSE ETF long back. As per the public 
information available, they are booking some profit. 
 
 
But overall, I have taken the other way around during Diwali period, if you 
look at gold and silver ETF, we were 53% volume on the stock exchange. And 
this continues to grow. So at a healthy 20%, even if we were to maintain the 
same number and the market grows, it's a very big positive for us. 
 
Mohit: 
Congratulations, Sundeep sir, for reappointment as MD and CEO. 
 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
 

 
                                                  Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Data Classification: Public
Parag Joglekar: 
So, thank you all. Thank you all for joining this call. If you have any questions, 
you can connect with our Investor Relations Lead - Arash, and we are happy 
to answer your questions. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
