By 
INDIGO 
Be surprised! 
November 11, 2025 
To, 
To 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
Mumbai -400051 
Scrip Code: 543258 
NSE Symbol: INDIGOPNTS 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 for Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and half year ended September 
30, 2025 held on November 7, 2025 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule 
III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), please 
find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call held with the analyst and investors on 
November 7, 2025 at 11:00 hrs (IST) to discuss the unaudited standalone and consolidated Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations the above information will also 
be made available on the website of the company at https://indigopaints.com/investors/analyst- 
investors-meets/ 
You are requested to take note of the same. 
Thanking you. 
For Indigo Paints Limited 
Sayalee Yengul 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A37267 
Encl: As Above 
Registered Office: INDIGO Paints Limited, Indigo Tower, Street-5, Pallod Farm-2, Baner Road, Pune - 411045 
T: +91 20 6681 4300, Email: info@indigopaints.com, Website: www.indigopaints.com, CIN: L24114PN2000PLC014669 
VAIS PAAR GS,
SAYALEE 
ANIL 
YENGUL
Digitally signed 
by SAYALEE ANIL 
YENGUL 
Date: 2025.11.11 
15:42:53 +05'30'

BO I 
“Indigo Paints Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call” 
sy INDIGO» 
... 
PAINTS 
MANAGEMENT: 
MODERATOR: 
November 07, 2025 
  
Mr. HEMANT JALAN — CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR — INDIGO PAINTS LIMITED 
Mr. T.S SURESH BABU — CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER — INDIGO PAINTS LIMITED 
MR. CHETAN HUMANE — CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER — INDIGO PAINTS LIMITED 
MR. SRIHARI SANTHAKUMAR — GENERAL MANAGER 
FINANCE AND INVESTOR RELATIONS — INDIGO PAINTS 
LIMITED 
Mr. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI — ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
Page 1 of 18

sy NGO 
Moderator: 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Srihari Santhakumar: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Indigo Paints Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Yes. Thanks, Iqra. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q2 FY '26 Results 
Conference Call of Indigo Paints Limited. Now I hand over the call to Mr. Srihari Santhakumar, 
General Manager, Finance and Investor Relations, to introduce the management and then take 
the call forward. Thanks, and over to you, Srihari sir. 
Yes. Thanks, Aniruddha. Good morning 
to everyone and thanks 
for joining the earnings 
conference call of Indigo Paints for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. As 
usual, on the call for discussing the performance of the company, we have with us Mr. Hemant 
Jalan, the Chairman and Managing Director of the company; Mr. T. 8. Suresh Babu, the Chief 
Operating Officer, Mr. Chetan Humane, and myself Srihari, 
I am heading Investor Relations 
here at Indigo Paints. 
We have uploaded the presentations in the portals of the stock exchanges. Kindly refer to the 
disclaimer section for any future-related information that may be discussed during this call 
today. 
In the usual format, Mr. Jalan, he will present the performance of the company for the quarter 
ended September 30 and post which, we'll have a quick Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Thanks, Srihari. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss Indigo Paints' 
performance for the second quarter results of FY '26. As mentioned, we have uploaded our 
financials on the stock exchange portals and hopefully, you have gone through them. 
We are very pleased to see growth picking up again for Indigo Paints indicating improving 
market conditions despite the extended and persistent monsoons during the quarter. While the 
quarter began strongly in July, sales slowed down considerably in August before regaining 
momentum in September. 
The run-up to Diwali was shorter this year yet the Indigo team delivered a commendable 
performance despite these challenges. There has been excellent inflow of money from the 
dealers during the short Diwali season, which 1s the best indicator that secondary sales from the 
counters have been good and dealer's stocks have been liquidated. 
First, let me come to the stand-alone results. Our stand-alone revenue from operations for Q2 
FY '26 was INR298.5 crores, a Y-on-Y growth of 3.5%. We sustained our leadership position 
Page 2 of 18

Ay INDIGO 
PAINTS 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
in gross margins, which expanded to 45.1% from 44.1% clocked in the same quarter last year. 
Our EBITDA margin improved from 14.8% in Q2 of last year to 15.3% in Q2 of this year with 
absolute EBITDA at INR45.8 crores, up 7.5% Y-o-Y. 
Profit after tax stood at INR25.5 crores with a PAT margin of 8.5% up from 8.2% in Q2 of last 
year, reflecting a 5.8% growth in absolute amount compared to Q2 of the previous fiscal. 
I would also like to highlight the fact that historically, Indigo Paints’ EBITDA margin always 
peaks majestically in Q4, driven by an improved product mix and significant growth in the sales 
of differentiated products. So all I can say is that the best 1s yet to come later this year. 
On a half year basis, we recorded INR593.4 crores in revenue, which 1s a 1.9% growth Y-o-Y, 
with an EBITDA margin at 15.1% and a PAT margin at 8.6%, maintaining healthy profitability. 
We continue to outperform peers in gross margins, reinforced by 
a basket of differentiated 
products. On absolute terms, we have clocked an EBITDA of INR89.4 crores during the half 
year, registering a growth of 1.2% and a PAT of INRS1.9 crores, registering a growth of 2.6%. 
Now coming to the consol results. For the quarter, we recorded INR312.1 crore in revenue, 
which is a 4.2% growth Y-o-Y, with EBITDA margins at 14.9% and a PAT margin at 8.0%. On 
an absolute basis, EBITDA has grown by a healthy 12.1% to INR46.5 crores and PAT has grown 
significantly by 13.5% to INR25.2 crores. 
Our subsidiary, Apple Chemie, delivered strong growth and healthy profitability during the 
quarter. Apple Chemie recorded revenues of INR13.6 crores during the quarter, marking a 
22.6% increase from Q2 of last year. Gross margins of Apple Chemie improved notably 
following strategic initiatives to optimize the product mix. 
While Maharashtra remains the primary revenue driver for Apple Chemie, sales momentum is 
strengthening in the Southern and Eastern regions, particularly in Bihar and Assam. With 
refreshed branding, Apple Chemie is poised to introduce new products and accelerate its growth 
journey. 
For the half year, on a consol basis, Indigo Paints has achieved a revenue of INR620.9 crores, 
which is a 1.7% growth over H1 of last year. The EBITDA has grown by 2.2% to INR90.8 crores 
and PAT has grown by 4.9% to INR51.3 crores. All other numbers are given in detail in our 
investor presentation. 
I'll now give you some more operational details about the quarter going beyond just the financial 
numbers. Now during the quarter, the overall A&P spending as a percentage of revenue has 
largely been flat at 5.3%. We have strengthened our below-the-line marketing efforts to better 
monitor and drive secondary sales through dealer counters. 
In the previous quarter, we had launched our own experiential retail centers under the banner 
Indigo Color Canvas stores, designed to showcase our entire product portfolio in an aesthetically 
designed environment. 
Page 3 of 18

Ay INDIGO 
PAINTS 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
Encouraged by strong dealer interest, we have added 8 more stores in Q2 and with the peak 
season still ahead, we expect several additional stores to become operational in the coming 
quarters. In line with our disclosure practices in the past, we have reported volume and value 
growth figures for each of the 4 major paint product categories. 
During the quarter, all categories, except for the category of putty and cement paints have 
recorded healthy growth in both volume and value terms. Within the emulsion category and 
within the enamels category, the premium end has performed particularly well which 1s why the 
value growth for those 2 segments are nearly double that of the volume growth. 
For mstance, emulsions have achieved a value growth of 7% compared to a 3.9% in volume 
growth. Now this performance contracts with the broader industry trend, where several peers 
have reported down trading and value growth lagging behind volume growth by several 
percentage points. We are pleased to see our below-the-line initiatives delivering results and are 
further focusing on strengthening engagement with the influencers. 
Sales of waterproofing and construction chemical products continue to grow at a phenomenal 
pace, and we expect it to grow even further in the second half of the year. 
We continue to focus on expanding our dealer network, enhancing throughput for active dealers 
and increasing the number of tinting machines across our network. As of September 30 this year, 
we have over 18,900 active dealers and more than 11,650 tinting machines. This growth in 
network coverage was achieved despite the impact of a very heavy monsoon season. 
On capex front, the brownfield expansion of our putty plant at Jodhpur has been completed and 
trial productions are underway. At the new solvent-based plant, which has a capacity of 12,000 
kiloliters per annum at Jodhpur, equipment commissioning 
is in progress and commercial 
production is scheduled to begin early next month. The water-based plant at Jodhpur with an 
annual capacity of 90,000 kiloliters per annum 
is 
in the final stages of construction and 
commissioning 1s expected late in Q4 of this year. 
As part of our broader ESG commitment, we continue to emphasize sustainable growth and 
community engagement. Our key sustainability initiatives focus on renewable energy adoption 
and community outreach through the Indigo Seva Utsav program. where in collaboration with 
painters and the local communities, we have repainted and renovated over 50 government 
schools during the first half of the year. 
On the CSR front, we focused on initiatives that create meaningful social impact. We continue 
to support education for the underprivileged girls in and around Pune benefiting over 360 
students to date. Our Painter Health Benefit program, which was launched in FY '24, has now 
expanded nationwide 
and covers more than 36,000 painter families 
across 
the 
country. 
Additionally, over 600 painting professionals have benefited from the Indigo Skillup program 
which is a specialized training initiative designed to empower painting professionals with skills 
beyond their craft and to support their business development. 
Page 4 of 18

sy NGO 
Moderator: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
Finally, after nearly 6 quarters, market demand is showing clear signs of recovery, reflected in 
strong collections, increased secondary sales at paint counters and the rise in scanning of painter 
tokens in paint cans. Favorable factors such as a good monsoon leading to bumper harvest, RBIs 
repeated rate cuts, government income tax reductions and lower GST rates have contributed to 
this optimism, supporting the view that pent-up demand 1s beginning to materialize. 
We are optimistic that post Diwali sales, as the wedding season kicks in and favorable market 
conditions come forward, these will all add a strong tailwind to revive demand in the market. 
That is all that I have by way of a presentation. 
I look forward to answering your questions. 
Thank you. 
The first question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Kapadia Financial Services. 
A couple of questions from my end. We were expecting double-digit volume growth to come 
back, but that has not been up to expectations. So the primary thesis was demand will come back 
on a low base. This has been for some time. Obviously, we've been doing things like dealer 
expansion, focusing on value-added products, increasing tinting machines. 
So how do we build up case of the next few quarters, is double-digit growth now certain because 
some of the commentary you made in the opening remarks where these are tailwinds, so are we 
confident of huge outperformance to industry? And primarily, the industry growth has to come 
back, then our outperformance to that industry growth becomes more relevant, right? 
And secondly, if you could also give us some sense, we've added gross block, we've had a CWIP, 
which will get come in. So from the INR1,300-odd crores kind of sales, what is the optimum 
sales possible in the next few years based on this capacity expansion? 
Thanks, Prakash. Two questions that you have asked. First on growth, well, first of all, our 
growth is not on a very weak base. In Q2 of last year, we had considerably outperformed the 
industry. I don't remember the exact number, but it was somewhere between 6% to 7% last year 
when industry leaders had declared a substantial negative top line in Q2 of last year. So our base 
1s not that weak compared to others. 
Now normally, monsoon is built in into the base. Every year, we have rains in Q2, and Q2 is 
always the weakest quarter. However, you will notice that sequentially, contrary to all other 
people who have declared results, our Q2 top line numbers are slightly higher than Q1] numbers. 
Now normally, what happens in monsoons 1s that although monsoon extends from June till end 
of September and easily sometimes also spills in into the first half of October, you usually have 
monsoons with a break in between of about a month or 20 days or 25 days. Now that did not 
happen this year. 
The country has received much more than normal rainfall and there has virtually been no break 
in the monsoon. It's also the longest monsoon period that I remember in history where monsoon 
Page 5 of 18

Ay INDIGO 
PAINTS 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
arrived about 10 to 15 days earlier. Normally, the onset of monsoon 1s first June in Kerala and 
hits the rest of the country after 15th, 20th June. 
This time, monsoons arrived by 20th May and the whole country was drenched in rain from end 
of May onwards, and that continued till the first week of October. So the reason for my optimism 
for growth, of course, weather patterns are something that we cannot control, but you look at 
other indicators on the ground, now the market leader, we still have to wait for the results to 
come out. Now they have reported top line negative for 6 quarters in a row. 
I don't have access to their numbers, but our market intelligence says that they have probably 
done significantly better in Q2 and may report positive for the first trme in 7 quarters. Now that's 
a good sign as far as the industry, and the bellwether for industry growth. And you rightly said 
the industry growth has to come back on track. 
And once the industry growth come back on track and the industry starts growing at 6%, 7%, 
we can hope to jump back to our earlier outperformance and perform at 20%. But when the 
industry 1s in negative territory, it becomes very difficult for us to register 15%, 20% growth. 
No initiatives work when the mood on the ground 1s somber and downbeat. 
Now 3, 4 things have contributed in the last quarter signals that we got. We started the quarter 
with a very good July. And unfortunately, that was followed by a terrible August, but September 
was again very good. So 2 out of 3 months in the quarter, registering good growth was one good 
signal. 
The fund inflow from the dealers was at an unprecedented high during the last 2 months. Now 
that is a very clear signal that their stocks have been liquidated because as long as the dealer is 
sitting on excess inventory, the payments are a little sluggish as always. And as the stocks get 
liquidated, the money flow improves very significantly. 
The third signal that you get is that, as you are aware, all paint companies put various tokens in 
paint cans for painters and contractors to scan. The scanning that we have seen in the last 2 
months have also been at an unprecedented level. 
Now scanning will occur only when secondary sales happen. And when secondary sales happen 
in a big way, the paints get used, the tokens are discovered by the influencers and they scan 
those. So all of these have pointed in a very, very positive direction. 
And normally, the one month before Diwali is not a time when dealers will typically stock up 
any more inventory. They are usually in an inventory liquidation mode. If the inventory gets 
liquidated well during the month of -- 3 weeks preceding Diwali, then post Diwali, the sales is 
excellent. That 1s what has happened. 
And I expect to see, because last year Diwali was 31st October. So for 7, 8 days after Diwali, 
large parts of the country are closed down. Bihar, Jharkhand, Eastern UP are closed down 
because of Chatt. Gujarat is Lapancham, which comes 5, 6 days after Diwali and so on and so 
Page 6 of 18

sy NGO 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
forth, in many other parts of the country, you have Bhai Doo] and various other festivals. And 
really, the buying resumes 8, 10 days after Diwal1. 
So we expect now and we can see that already because all those festivities are behind us, we can 
see the uptake in primary offtake happening now. And there 1s a bumper monsoon -- bumper 
wedding season ahead, unprecedented number of weddings, which are perhaps 
a bigger 
precursor to painting than Diwali actually. And therefore, it gives me confidence with the signals 
that we have received that these are not just green shoots, but clear indication that demand is 
coming back. 
Now whether it will come back to its original level where the industry grew at 8%, 9%, whether 
it will come back within 
1 month or it will take 3 or 4 months for that to happen is something 
that I cannot predict but I'm very optimistic that very soon, you will start seemng double-digit 
growth from us and high double-digit growth, hopefully, by Q4, at least, if not earlier. 
As far as the second question that you asked on capex, well, capex that is done for capacity 
expansion is really done with a very long-term view in mind. So a plant coming on stream does 
not necessarily add either to the top line or the bottom line. 
So those are long-term initiatives taken more with a strategic long-term view as to what the 
demand will be in the next 4, 5 years. And those plants will come on stream, some of them in 
this quarter, in this month or next month and some in the next quarter. But I would not link that 
to our growth prospects going forward. 
What I was trying to understand is we can double our turnover from this capex? Or would more 
capex be required? 
I mean, technically, can we double, we can do much more than that. 
I mean the capacity that is 
being created 1s to more than double the turnover. But it's not that when a plant comes into is 
and immediately, your sales get... 
Yes, yes, over a period of time. I understand that. 
In fact, I mean, to be more specific, after this capex, we do not expect any significant capex for 
the next 3 to 4 years. I think this will ride us till FY '29 very comfortably. 
That what I was getting at. And lastly, when we -- in terms of the demand coming back, so that 
feel good factor or that sentimental change in terms of that repainting happening or that 
repainting driving demand for us and all the other players, is that sense coming from on the 
ground because that remains the crucial pile volume growth coming back for all the players? 
I gave you all the indicators that cause us to feel that. The liquidation of stocks at the dealer end, 
the increased scanning by the painters and contractors, all that means, and these are at fairly 
unprecedented levels, at levels that we have never seen in the past. And therefore, it gives us 
confidence that the demand is happening at the ground. 
Page 7 of 18

sy NGO 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Moderator: 
Jainam Gosar: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
It has not reflected as much as we would have liked to in primary sales, but as long as secondary 
sales has been very good in the recent, last 1, 1.5 months, the primary demand is not very far 
behind. And I think you will see the results from that across the entire industry, I would expect 
from Q3. 
Understood. That's very clear and very helpful. Wishing you all the best, and hopefully, we'll 
see the mojo coming back for us and the industry very soon. 
The next question 1s from the line of Janam Gosar from Nuvama Wealth Management. 
Three questions. My first question is on the gross margin. So we are seeing 100 bps gross margin 
improvement for you. 
So 
I wanted to understand from 
a competition perspective, dealer 
incentive perspective and overall discounting 
, how are things versus, say, 2 quarters back? 
Because 2 quarters back, I think the peak of the new competition was impacting sector, post that 
the new player is stagnating. In fact, they have called out that Q2 1s lower than Q1. So if you 
could comment on that? And any thoughts on the CEO leaving the new paint company because 
it's very early? So any thoughts you are picking up? Any thoughts you can share on this? 
See, 
I wouldn't like to comment on happenings within a recent competitor and people leaving 
and joming and what they are doing. We have said consistently during the last 2 years that the 
entry of a large new player has not impacted us in any significant way. Maybe there are some 
other paint players who have been impacted a little more, but I don't think it has shaken up things 
very much. 
Now 
this new incumbent, 
as you 
are 
all 
aware, 
has resorted right from 
its launch 
at 
unprecedented levels of trade discounts, et cetera. Thankfully, no one in the industry has chosen 
to follow that course, which is why everyone's EBITDA margins and profit margins have 
remained within the original band that they were and people have not attempted to emulate these 
horrific levels of discount. 
The gross margin expansion that has happened has happened for 2 or 3 reasons. One 1s that raw 
material prices have been softening slowly but steadily during the last 1 year. And this softening 
of raw material prices, which has not been accompanied by any price drop by the industry, has 
naturally led to a slightly higher trade discount by all players. Despite the slightly higher trade 
discount, which has been prompted more by a raw material price drop, the gross margins, you 
would have expected to remain kind of stable for all players. 
For us, we have been focusing a lot on improving our premium end products, and that has borne 
fruit. And those are clearly visible in our value and volume growth numbers across categories. 
And when the premium end products grow more than the overall basket, naturally, your gross 
margins go up because the premium products do carry a slightly higher profit margin than the 
economy range. So that is the main reason for the gross margin going up by 100 basis points 
compared to Q2 of last year. 
Page 8 of 18

sy NGO 
Jainam Gosar: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Jainam Gosar: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Jainam Gosar: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
Okay. My second question is on specific Bihar market. 
It's an important state for you. So 
currently, we are seeing a very high election kind of thing, which also picks up on the entire 
state GDP given so much of travel, so much of consumption happens. 
Obviously, there 1s a INR10,000 freebie being given to almost every family woman. So from all 
this, do you expect Bihar to be a much faster growth than overall recovery which you are 
envisaging? Would you expect all this to really flow in Bihar in a more pronounced manner? 
Not really. I mean the good thing 1s that for the first time in the last 30, 40 years, Bihar elections 
are thankfully being conducted in only 2 phases. Now in the past, elections in Bihar used to be 
in 5 or 6 phases, and that would stretch for typically more than a month. 
And that would spell disaster for the entire trade because transportation and logistics in Bihar 
become very difficult in election time, unlike in the rest of the country. All vehicles, whether it 
1s a 1-tonne vehicle or a 10-tonne vehicle, they get impounded by the election machinery for 
election duty and there is no way in which you can ship goods. 
Now half of Bihar has already gone to poll yesterday. So all the -- including Patna, where our 
main depot is located. So all those vehicles will now get released from today and will be back 
in service. As far as the freebies given out by the government is concerned, I believe that they 
are more to the women community to encourage self-employment and business generation rather 
than any handout which goes for discretionary spends. So I'm not expecting anything as a result 
of election, either positive or negative as far as Bihar 1s concerned. 
Having said that, during the last 7, 8 months, Bihar has been one of our strongest performing 
states in the country, where the growth has been definitely in high double digits. So Bihar has 
been one of the standout states for us in India amidst a relatively weak demand scenario during 
the last 6 quarters. And I think we expect that to continue going forward and further strengthen. 
Sure. Sir, one quick follow-up on the competition from the new player. In terms of the 10% extra 
grammage, anything which is changing on ground versus, say, 2 quarters back and now? 
I don't follow them very much because, as I said, they don't impact us very much, so we don't 
follow them very closely. What I have heard is that for most products, this extra grammage that 
they were giving, originally 
in 4-liter, 
10-liter and 20-liter cans, 
I believe that they have 
discontinued it in the 4-liter and 10-liter cans. And there are rumors in the trade that this extra 
grammage even in the 20-liter cans may get discontinued before the end of the fiscal. 
But please don't quote me as an authoritative source on 
it. 
I think the management of that 
company would be best positioned to answer this question. As I said, we have not been very 
materially affected by them. So minor changes in policy by that company are really not tracked 
at a microscopic level by us. 
Sure. Last quick question on demand side. In terms of commentary, your commentary was quite 
positive this time. And even the #2 player in terms of sales and volume, they have also said that 
Page 9 of 18

sy NGO 
Hemant Jalan: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
in Q4, they expect double-digit volume growth for sure and possibly even double-digit sales 
growth, which I think you are also kind of saying similar in Q4. So my specific question here is, 
which is the more contributing factor? Strong weddings, I understand. Strong rains leads to a lot 
of water leakage and definitely from a sentiment also, it's a positive. 
And third is, of course, new player is now stagnating. They were taking a 5%, 6% market share 
in the first year. Now they are more of a status quo. Which is the more important reason in terms 
of the recovery to double-digit volume growth or sales growth for you by Q4? 
I think the main thing that determines this is consumer sentiment, which is something which is 
not quantifiable. Good monsoon means good crops, which means a lot more money flowing into 
the rural sector. Along with that, the government significantly reduced income tax in the budget 
announced in February, which put more money in the hands of the middle class. 
Then RBI followed it up with 3 successive rate cuts totaling 100 basis points, which has reduced 
interest rates and therefore, people's EMIs on whether it is housing loan or consumer durable 
loan or et cetera. 
And then this GST cut, although it has not directly impacted the paint sector, but GST cuts on a 
whole host of household items puts more money into the pocket of the housewife. And when a 
person has a little more discretionary money available as a consequence of all of these things, 
the sentiment changes. Now you can see that, that pre-Diwali, which is the time when people 
buy a lot of automobiles as it's considered auspicious or iPhones, et cetera, from what I read in 
the press, there has been bumper, bumper sales of these products despite a very short Diwali 
period. 
And splurge on credit cards and consumer spends on white goods, et cetera, have been at an all- 
time high. Now this was missing for the last 1.5 years. So that is a clear signal that consumer 
sentiment has changed. That, along with the other very clear indicators that we gave you that we 
see as paint companies on the ground, show that, that 1s going to translate into paint consumption 
very soon. 
Hopefully, and I cannot say that for sure, but hopefully, there is a lot of pent-up demand that has 
built up with lesser painting during the last 18 months. And we hope that, that pent-up demand 
will come back. 
And therefore, the demand recovery, whether it happens in 
1 month or whether it happens over 
the next quarter, that I cannot predict. But when it comes, it will probably come back with a 
bang. And we may see very, very high growth in the coming quarters as far as the industry is 
concerned. And you were talking about the narrative of another large player who had declared 
the results a few days ago. Yes, they're talking about double-digit volume growth coming in, but 
they also have said in their narrative that they expect the value growth to lag behind the volume 
growth. 
Page 10 of 18

sy NGO 
Moderator: 
Sonal Minhas: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Sonal Minhas: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Sonal Minhas: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
Now in our case, you see that, that is not true. In fact, it is quite the reverse. The value growth is 
higher than the volume growth by a few percentage points. So we are very optimistic of good 
results accompanied -- 
I mean, good results, not just in the top line, but also accompanied by 
strong performance on the bottom line, which, as a company, we have been very mindful of and 
our results bear them out. 
The next question is from the line of Sonal Minhas from Patent Cap Investment Advisors LLP. 
I have 
3 questions. 
Sir, wanted to understand some bit of subjective logic behind putty and 
cement degrowing both in volume and value terms. Is this largely because these are outdoor 
paints and there was a heavy rain and over the course of next 5, 6 months, this 1s expected to 
settle back? 
See, let's take the question one by one. If you ask all 3 questions together, I'll forget the first one. 
This was the first one. 
Yes. I know. Cement paint is a small component of that category. The major contributor in that 
category by far is putty. We club them together because these are both powder paints and have 
some similarity in raw material and method of manufacture. So as far as putty 1s concerned, 
putty 1s a commodity. 
Now putty sale is a matter of choice. It contributes very little to bottom line, but it 1s essential to 
make putty because it helps sell the other products. Now the contribution of putty in our sale 1s 
significantly by a very wide margin as a percentage terms, much, much higher than the putty 
contribution to sales in other people's sales, for example. Other people, it may be in low to at 
most mid-single digit. For us, putty contributes to definitely 
in the teens 
as far as value 
contribution 1s concerned. So it's a high contributor. 
We moderate sales of putty depending upon pricing, et cetera. If you find that there is too much 
of competitive intensity and the prices are dropping to unreasonable levels, we pull 
it back 
consciously because it doesn't make sense to sell products at a loss. So these minor variations 
that happen in putty in some quarter, you'll find it jumping up and some quarter, you'll find it 
coming down. 
I'm sure you'll find a good growth coming in the quarters ahead because we have managed to 
tackle this pricing issue by locating some toll manufacturers in different parts of India, which 
are strategically located, which will be able to cater to the demand of those regions in a slightly 
more economical manner. So that 1s all that I would say about putty. I would not read too much 
into it because it's a very, very minor contributor as far as the bottom line 1s concerned. 
I'll go to the second question. It is more with regard to states where your market share 1s growing 
and you are -- your starting position is that your market share 1s low basically. So do we expect 
with the new capacity, maybe with more headcount, more sales that in these states, a focused 
targeted growth over the course of next 1 or 2 years? 
Page 11 of 18

sy NGO 
Hemant Jalan: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
And what are we doing in these states, which is different from, let's say, the southern states 
where we are dominant, we have higher market share? Just wanted to understand a little bit on 
subjective insights that you can give on sales, channel, what are we doing different in those 
states? Like Bihar, you mentioned just a while back. 
So in Southern states, Sonal, the only state where we have a significantly higher market share 
than many of the other large players 1s Kerala. But it is not true that we have a very dominant 
market share in etther Karnataka or Tamil Nadu or Telangana or Andhra Pradesh. 
So those are all states where we have a lot of catching up to do, including various northern region 
states where we had entered late and therefore, we are still, shall I say, in the start-up mode when 
it comes to Jammu and Kashmir or Punjab, Haryana, Himachal, Delhi, et cetera. 
So I think the playbook everywhere 1s the same. There is no separate strategy for states where 
we have a slightly bigger sale compared to states where we have a lower sales, because even in 
states where we have a sizable sale like Kerala or like UP or Bihar or now even Bengal or MP 
or Maharashtra or Chhattisgarh, the scope to grow is huge. 
I mean we are nowhere near saturation. In most places, we are still #4 player. And therefore, I 
mean, in Kerala, we may be #3, maybe in Chhattisgarh, we may be #2. But in most other states, 
we are either 3 or generally in most states, we are #4 player. And therefore, the headroom to 
grow is huge. 
And therefore, our playbook now is more effective schemes for the dealer, which does not 
necessarily mean higher discounts. 
It means tailoring the schemes to what the dealer wants. 
Secondly, much more gratification and connection with the influencer community, which is the 
painter and the painting contractor. 
Again, better connect and better gratification does not necessarily mean more payout in money. 
Sometimes with the same payout, you have to deliver what the influencer is looking for, which 
may not be extra cash. It may be something in kind. It could be something else. 
And you have to connect with them on those fronts. I don't think our increased capacity is going 
to have any role in driving the sales out there. I keep saying that capacity is relatively irrelevant 
in this industry so long as you have enough capacity to meet the demand, which all players do. 
So adding up more capex or more plants does not, in the short term, lead to higher sales. There 
1s no planned major increase in headcount anywhere. 
I think our headcount 
is reasonably 
sufficient in almost all the states. 
We just have to execute better and tailor our offerings to what either the dealer or the influencer 
wants, maintain our advertising, which we have been doing, so that we are there in the minds of 
the consumer, maintain our product quality and our financial discipline and be more consistent 
than the results in the past have always followed. 
Page 12 of 18

sy NGO 
Sonal Minhas: 
Hemant Jalan: 
T.S Suresh-Babu: 
Sonal Minhas: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Sonal Minhas: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
We have typically always outperformed the industry, except during the times when the industry 
goes in negative territory and the gap between us and the industry becomes very marginal. 
No, I understand that, sir. And thanks for the detailed explanation. But just to put a number on 
this to understand more as an analyst or as somebody's researching, 1s breaking into a state and 
saying now we are more meaningful than what we were to begin with. Is that like a 3-year 
journey? Is that like a 4-year journey? I just trying to figure it out. 
That probably say it's a little longer than that. 
I would typically say that when you enter a new 
state, it takes 5, 6 years to set up a wide and deep distribution network and to get your brand 
presence felt on the ground. So it does take quite a bit of time. It's not simply opening counters 
and dumping material out there. That's the easy part of it and not the right way to do it. 
Ultimately, you have to engage with the influencers in that part of the country who may not be 
familiar with your product. They may have heard of your product by advertisements, but they 
have to experience your product. They have to experience your service and delivery and get 
confidence in your product before all these start resulting in high volume of sales and throughput 
at the dealer counters. And I think a certain amount of patience is required to achieve that. 
And if I may add to that, what happens is that you should be mindful about the margins your 
dealers or trade partners are maintaining. Being a new entrant 1n a new state, if you start 
expanding mindlessly, what happens 1s that they are not able to retain their margins. 
Ultimately, they are the people who are investing in building the market in terms of holding 
inventory and credit. So you should be very, very careful about that, that -- I mean, you can't 
overdo it. If you try to do it in a shorter span of time, then effectively, 1t will come back as a 
boomerang. 
And 1s the margins tracked systematically by companies like yourselves or Asian, I'm assuming 
so. But are there software tools to understand this more on a regular basis just to trying to get a 
sense of how does this... 
Sonal, it's very simple. Without having a strong brand pull that is created on the ground, if you 
mindlessly expand the number of dealers, which is easy to do, you will create competition 
amongst the dealers, which will drive down the retail selling price of your product and therefore, 
drive down the margin that the dealer retains and then the dealer loses interest in your product. 
Now if somebody tries to do this very fast, and there have been companies, I will not name them, 
who have attempted to do this of expanding the dealer network a bit too fast, you get some short- 
term results, but that boomerangs on you very quickly because the dealer loses interest in you as 
fast as they have gained interest and then they start dumping you and then it's very difficult to 
come back from that position. 
You've gone for long, sir, after that basically. I agree. 
Page 13 of 18

sy NGO 
Moderator: 
Yash Goenka: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Yash Goenka: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Yash Goenka: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Yash Goenka: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Moderator: 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
The next question is from the line of Yash Goenka from Awriga Capital Advisors LLP. 
Am I audible? 
Yes, you are. 
Sir, you indicated unprecedented levels of scanning and collection growth. So can you quantify, 
1s it the range you would like to 20% or even higher? 
Lot of disturbance in your line. Can you repeat your question? 
Sir, my question was on scanning and collection. You indicated unprecedented growth in 
collection and scanning. So can you quantify what the growth has been? Is it 15% to 20% or 
even higher than that? 
There was some growth in September. In October, 
I think the growth in scanning has been 
upwards of 30%, 40%. And the number of distinct people who have scanned has also seen a big 
jump, almost 18% in the month of October. So this level of scanning of tokens, we have not seen 
ina very, very long time or perhaps the highest in our history. 
Now this means that the secondary sale in October has been excellent is the only conclusion we 
can draw. And we look forward to this translating into great primary sales at our end in the 
months of November and December. That's all I can say. 
Okay. And sir, the inventory level at dealerships would be lower than average? 
It would be at this time. It typically does go down during Diwali. So typically, what happens 
that before the festive season, July, August and September are the periods when dealers stock 
material in anticipation of Diwali. And 
3 
or 4 weeks before Diwali, the stocking exercise 
completely stops. At that time, the dealer goes into 
a liquidation mode. And he buys only 
whatever is running out of stock that much and no more. 
After Diwali is when dealers take stock of how much unsold inventory they have and then the 
restocking exercise starts typically 8, 10 days after Diwali, after all these festivities are over. So 
that 1s the phase that we are in now. 
So if the money inflow is good, it means that stocks are getting liquidated. They are not likely 
to purchase to replenish that huge amount of stocking at that time. They'll wait until the Diwali 
1s over. And now is when the restocking of their inventories would happen. So I'm fairly sure 
with the fund inflow and the scanning that has happened that the dealer inventory of our products 
should be at a fairly low level now across the country. 
The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities Limited. 
So first question on Apple Chemie. Post acquisition, it has done superbly well. So if you can 
share more details in terms of like next 3-year vision or 5-year vision of Apple Chemie, nght 
Page 14 of 18

sy NGO 
Hemant Jalan: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
now, the current total distribution network, current regions it operates in? And you have any 
market share target like reaching up 
to 
x percent of market share 
of waterproofing and 
construction chemicals market, et cetera? So if you can elaborate a bit more on Apple Chemie. 
So measuring market share in the segments that Apple Chemie operates is very difficult because 
it's a very fragmented market. You don't have too many listed players in India that give granular 
information for you to be able to measure those things. Network concept does not exist because 
this 1s all B2B selling. 
And it is mainly construction chemicals, much less in waterproofing. So these are supplied to 
large infra builders of the country, people like L&T and Shapuryi Pallonji and Afcons and various 
people who get contracts from the government for building large expressways, ring roads, 
bridges, dams, metro projects, et cetera. 
Now previously, when we acquired this company 2.5 years ago, their play region was mainly 
Maharashtra. Now encouraged and prodded by us, they have attempted to expand into different 
parts of India because generally, it is the same infrastructure providers who operate 1n all parts 
of India. 
So now in addition to Maharashtra, they get a huge amount of their sales from the neighboring 
state of Madhya Pradesh. And they have attempted to go into different corners of India. They 
have got empaneled in various impressive infra projects in Southern India, in Tamil Nadu. 
And recently, they have received a lot of empanelment in large infra projects in Assam and 
Bihar. So those supplies have started and they're expected to accelerate. The major competition 
from them comes from -- at least for the high-value products from multinationals like Fosroc 
and Sika. 
For the lower value products like ad mixtures, et cetera, there are hundreds of manufacturers at 
a local level across India, which offer competition. And they are progressively entering into 
more value-added newer products like sealants, et cetera, crystalline durability compounds. 
They have started hitting the export market a 
little bit now, which we hope will intensify in the 
days to come. So the idea, 
I don't have a specific number guidance that I can give you as to 
where Apple Chemie will reach in 2 or 3 years' time. 
But in 3 years, if this company is somewhere in the range of INR200 crores to INR300 crores, 
we would be very happy, so long as this growth comes in a profitable manner, and that is what 
we are trying to ensure and the management at Apple Chemie is also very prudent on that. 
And aside from their business of B2B supply, you will note that it 1s after that acquisition that 
we inherited all the know-how to make high-quality waterproofing and construction chemicals 
under the Indigo brand name at our own factories, which are sold at the retail counters through 
the same paint dealers, and that has shown phenomenal growth in the last 2.5 years and is 
beginning to account for high single-digit contribution to our top line as of now. And the highest 
Page 15 of 18

sy NGO 
Yash Goenka: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Moderator: 
Shashank Jha: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Moderator: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Shashank Jha: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Shashank Jha: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
growth rate 
still comes from that segment. 
So 
I wouldn't be surprised 
if next year, the 
contribution from that segment to our top line 1s in double digits. 
Okay. Sure, sir. This is very, very helpful. Any thoughts on raising the stake to almost 100% at 
Apple Chemie? And any timelines for that? 
Well, we do have call options to do that starting from April of '26. I don't think there is any intent 
to raise the stake to 100% because it's a company that is extremely well run by the current 
promoters, and we would like them to have skin in the game so that they are enthused and 
motivated to continue to grow the company well. 
So 
I don't think we intend to get involved too much in the day-to-day functioning of that 
company. I think it 1s being run extremely well. We provide outside support wherever required. 
We are trying to help them out in developing a bigger export market because we realize now 
that there is a lot of export potential for these products. And that's the extent. Whether we will 
up our stake from 51% to a slightly higher number is a call that we will take by the end of this 
fiscal. 
The next question is from the line of Shashank Jha, an individual investor. 
[inaudible 0:57:55] 
I'm sorry. Your line is not clear. 
I can't hear what you're asking. 
Sorry to interrupt, Shashank. 
I cannot understand the question. The line is too unclear. No, I don't think the line 1s at all clear, 
Shashank. Are you using a handset? 
I just wanted to know like about the ad that you are showing on the TV. Birla paint has a good 
ad, why can't we do something like that, 
I am just saying from an user point of view. Indigo 
Paints ad is just like a common ad, people don’t connect to the ad. If you can work on the ad it 
will work wonders? 
We will convey this message to our marketing department. 
Iam holding, indigo paint for last 2 years. Just thought sharing it with you. 
Thanks for your feedback. We will share it with our creative agency and marketing department. 
We release 2 or 3 ads every year. Last month we have completed a new ad. Now the running ads 
of Dhoni and some aliens, I thought that it was quite different from anything that we have done 
in the past. But still, if you are finding that it 1s not very differentiated, we will try and pass on 
these messages to our creative agency and see what better we can do. 
Page 16 of 18

sy NGO 
Unknown Attendee 
Hemant Jalan: 
Moderator: 
Manish: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Manish: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
Just like in World Cup 2023, there was a ad of Birla which was different from other ads, which 
might have created a good impact to them. So I am requesting, 1f you can work on the ad this 
will benefit us. 
We will convey this to our creative agency. 
The next question is from the line of Manish, an individual investor. 
Congrats on the good set of numbers. Sir, my question 1s related to the retail consumers behavior. 
Sir, do you think now the world has changed. Now even for buying our daily groceries, we are 
dependent on quick commerce companies. Like the people have no time like they are ordering 
everything online and they are too much dependent on quick commerce. 
So it's like every -- the couples are working. So do you think now the people don't have that 
much time to spend for painting their house because it's like a lot of time-consuming effort taking 
activity. 
So do you think like there is something which can be done as an innovation to make this process 
very fast? Because if you see, I'm calling from Kerala, Trivandrum, you see like there are 
frequent rains. So people have not that much interest to keep your luggage outside the house. 
And so it is very time taking. So it's like you have -- because they are keeping it as a last option. 
So do you think that behavior has changed? And if it is, like do you have any plans to address 
that by some innovation to make it a fast process? That is my question. 
Well, this is a question that everybody in the paint industry has grappled with, and people have 
tried to move to online sales. The difficulty about doing that in paints, a, items are very, very 
bulky. And relatively low cost per weight as compared to 1Phones or even vegetables or other 
things. So to transport paints through quick commerce or e-commerce 1s very difficult. 
Secondly, when you're buying vegetables online, I think your wife knows exactly how much of 
potatoes and onions and brinyjals to buy. But when you do repainting of a house, paints are not 
the only thing you need to buy. Along with paints, you need primers, you need putty, you need 
some brushes, you need rollers, you need masking tape and a whole lot of other paraphernalia. 
And typically, consumers are not very knowledgeable as to what the relative quantities of all 
these things should be. 
And therefore, for all these reasons, they still prefer to go to a nearby store accompanied by an 
influencer or with a prescription written by the influencer as to what to buy out of a 
list of 10, 
12 items to do the painting. And attempts to sell paint online have been largely very, very 
unsuccessful across the world, not just in India. And I think that, that is where it 1s going to stay. 
Sorry, just like I think my question is like not related to sales of the paint. That is fine because 
people are ready to spend time on like buying the paint. That is not a concern. My concern is 
like the shifting of their luggage and like waiting for 5, 6, 7, 8 days for the whole house to be 
Page 17 of 18

sy NGO 
Hemant Jalan: 
Moderator: 
Hemant Jalan: 
Moderator: 
Indigo Paints Limited 
November 07, 2022 
painted, that's like painting activity. Do you think that -- because in this world, like I'm relating 
it... 
Manish. I mean, many, many implements and tools have come up and the market 1s flooded with 
them and most painting contractors have access to them. For grinding the surface, there are tools 
available. 
For painting, there are now many people are using sprays instead of using a brush, which works 
much faster. This business about professionalizing and shifting your furniture and shifting it 
back after the painting is done is also something that is slowly being acquired by the better 
painting contractors. And it's a habit that will slowly come. 
The penetration of all these tools is much better. But most of these tools are relevant more for 
interior. For exterior painting, as you were saying, dislocation of furniture 1s not really involved. 
And generally, spray painting is not used as much for exterior as 1t 1s used for interior. 
And people are using brush and rollers for exterior and the habits of the painters vary a lot from 
one corner of India to another. But when you say that you are from Trivandrum, I mean, Kerala 
1s a slightly more sophisticated and advanced market compared to the rest of India. So most 
contractors that we have seen in Kerala have been the early adopters of all these moder tools, 
which are available, which do shorten the painting cycle a 
little bit. 
Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Well, thank you for hosting this call, and thank you all for patiently listening in. As I said, the 
gloomy days of the last 6 quarters seem to be coming to an end. We seem to be on the cusp of a 
demand revival. We are very hopeful that we'll come back to you at the end of the present quarter 
with significantly better numbers. And hopefully, the industry as a whole will also be back on 
track with good growth numbers in the days to come. Thank you all. 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 18 of 18
