 
 
TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES 
BSE LIMITED 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED  
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
 
October 21, 2025  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the Meeting of 
 Board of directors on October 16, 2025 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the Board 
meeting held on October 16, 2025, for your information and records. 
 
This 
information 
will 
also 
be 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2025-2026/q2.html 
 
The audio/video recordings of the press conference and earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2025-
2026/q2.html  
This is for your information and records.  
Yours Sincerely, 
For Infosys Limited 
 
 
 
A.G.S. Manikantha 
Company Secretary 
Membership No: A21918 
 
Anur 
Gurugopala Raju 
Suryanarayana 
Manikantha
Digitally signed by 
Anur Gurugopala 
Raju Suryanarayana 
Manikantha 
Date: 2025.10.21 
20:55:07 +05'30'

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 1   
  
                                                 
                                                           Infosys Limited  
Q2 FY26 Financial Results Press Conference Call 
October 16, 2025  
   
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:   
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director  
 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Rishi Basu 
Associate Vice President and Global Head - Corporate Communications 
 
JOURNALISTS 
 
Ritu Singh 
CNBC TV18 
 
Jude Sannith 
ET Now 
 
Uma Kannan 
Deccan Herald 
 
Beena Parmar  
The Economic Times 
 
Jas Bardia  
Mint 
 
Veena Mani 
The Times of India 
 
Rukmini Rao 
Fortune India 
 
Sanjana B 
The Hindu BusinessLine 
 
 
 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 2   
Rishi Basu 
A very good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining Infosys' second quarter financial results. 
My name is Rishi and on behalf of Infosys, I would like to welcome all of you. As always, we request 
one question. And with that, let me invite our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Salil Parekh, for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Rishi. Good afternoon. Welcome everyone to the campus here, and welcome to our press 
conference event. We had a strong performance in Q2. Our revenues for the quarter grew 2.2% 
sequentially and 2.9% year-on-year in constant currency terms. Our operating margin was 21%. Our 
large deals were at $3.1 bn, out of which 67% was net new work. 
In addition, we announced a mega deal worth $1.6 bn after the close of the quarter, but before our 
results announcement. We have added 8,000 employees during the quarter. Our client interactions 
are showing a strong focus on deploying AI across the enterprise, both for growth and for cost 
efficiency programs. 
In doing this, we are continuing to scale our team of forward deployed engineers. With a strong 
performance in Q2, we changed our revenue growth guidance for the financial year. The new 
guidance is growth between 2% and 3% in constant currency terms for the full year. And our 
operating margin guidance remains the same as in the past quarter at 20% to 22% for the full year. 
With that, let us open it up for questions. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Salil. We will now open the floor for questions. Joining Salil is Mr. Jayesh Sanghrajka, 
Chief Financial Officer, Infosys. The first question is from Ritu Singh from CNBC TV18. 
Ritu Singh 
Thank you. Hi Salil. Hi Jayesh. Salil, firstly, on the guidance, the fact that you have tightened it, but 
not really increased it, from 1% to 3%, you have gone to 2% to 3%. And with a 2.2% growth this 
quarter as well, at the current run rate, you will at most have a flat growth for the rest of the year for 
Q3 and Q4 with the current guidance, you will easily get to the top end. 
So I wanted to understand, are you not seeing a meaningful recovery, especially when it comes to 
your Manufacturing, Retail, these kind of verticals? What kind of headwinds do you continue to see? 
Because for Infosys, the contribution to revenues is slightly larger than that of peers. That was one. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 3   
Also on the H-1B visa issue, if you could give us some details on how many employees you deployed 
on this visa for this year and the previous maybe a couple of years? And whether you see now this 
as being something unviable, sending freshers on H-1B visas to work in the U.S.  
If I may also ask, your peers like HCL Tech have also started to quantify their AI revenues. We have 
been asking you this for several quarters now, and we understand AI cuts across services and 
sectors. Could you give us a sense of what exactly you are seeing there? And finally, the Versent 
Group acquisition, what exactly was the contribution to revenues and whether you are looking at 
further M&A in the region or outside? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
So let me start, and Jayesh will add in a couple of things. First, on the guidance and the environment. 
So in the guidance, typically, second half of the year is slower than the first half. That is the normal 
pattern. So we have continued with that pattern. Having said that, we have seen good traction, and 
that is how we have actually increased the guidance. 
The previous guidance was 1% to 3%, and now it is 2% to 3%. So, in a sense, we have much more 
confidence with the lower end being increased in what we see into the outlook for the year.  
In terms of the specific industries you mentioned, we had a good performance in Manufacturing, in 
Financial Services. We still see constraints in Retail. We do see a good pipeline there, and we will 
see how that plays out in the coming quarters. Keeping all those things in mind and the global 
environment in terms of the macro, we decided to keep the guidance at 2% to 3% with all of those 
factors that I mentioned. 
On the H-1B visa, what we have shared in the past, what we have shared recently, first, our U.S. 
workforce, the number of people that require Infosys sponsorship for immigration is a minority. So, 
the majority of the people do not require it from our perspective. 
Second, we have built a large number of centers and hubs, which are focused on digital, on 
innovation, on technology and AI in the U.S. We have relationships with universities. We have a 
training facility there. With all of that in mind, we are clear today that we will work with our clients 
without any disruption to their services and into the future. We do not have any specific information 
to share on the numbers that you had suggested. 
Ritu Singh 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 4   
When you say a minority was dependent on the H-1B visa, could you give us in percentage terms, 
how many of your employees that you were sending abroad were on these visas? And when you 
say there will not be any disruption, how exactly would that play out? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, we do not share the specific numbers, but the majority of our employees in the U.S. are 
employees who do not require any Infosys immigration support. The way we are working with our 
clients, we reached out to each of them and made sure that we see and they see how their delivery 
continuity becomes on track and remains the way it is right now. 
Then on Versent, so first, there is nothing in this quarter. They are going through regulatory approvals 
and so on which is a normal process. We anticipate it would come sometime in the coming months. 
Yes, we are very much looking at other acquisitions. We have a good pipeline. We do not know when 
those will materialize, but there are some opportunities there which we are looking at. 
Ritu Singh 
Sorry, the question on Versent was going forward, what kind of contribution to revenue do you 
expect? And in M&A, what are the areas? What are the geographies where you are looking to fill the 
gaps? 
Salil Parekh 
On the contribution, we do not have anything to share now. When it closes, we will be in a position 
to give that information. Is there anything more on Versent? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
I think we have given the last year's numbers of Versent already in the Stock Exchange filings that 
we did last time when we announced that. So you can make an estimate based on that. But just to 
add to what Salil was saying on the guidance as well, if you look at the commentary last time when 
we gave a guidance, we very clearly said that the upper end of the guidance is where we are 
expecting stability in the environment and the lower end of the guidance is where we are expecting 
worsening in the environment. 
As we stand today, the environment still remains uncertain. And despite that, on the back of Q2 
performance, we have tightened our guidance, where again, we are very clearly saying that at the 
lower end, we expect the worsening of the environment and the upper end, we are expecting stability 
in the environment. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 5   
Salil Parekh 
On AI, I think we are scaling up massively on AI. We have a large team of FDEs. We are doing a lot 
of projects on enterprise AI with clients, on growth, which is focused, like in the sales function or 
marketing function, on cost, which is focused on many of their processes, optimizing them on 
customer service, on code development. 
So, there is a broad set of AI work that we are doing with our clients. There is a large number of 
clients for which Infosys is today the AI partner of choice. So we are going quite well. We have strong 
partnerships with a lot of different large tech companies. We believe there is a huge amount of 
opportunity in the enterprise AI space. And with our experience on how to navigate within the 
enterprise landscape, we are quite well positioned to help with that. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Jude from ET Now. 
Jude Sannith 
Hi Salil, good to meet you here and congratulations on that performance. You spoke about scaling 
up on the AI front. Could I get you to throw some light on what those specific deals are like? What is 
the AI order book shaping up to be at this point in time? 
And more importantly, what will your hiring trends be like for the rest of FY'26? And I know for a fact 
that you have the confidence, which is why you have raised the lower end of the guidance, but what 
is the overall demand environment shaping up to be like for the fiscal? 
Salil Parekh 
So on AI, I think what we see today is a lot of interest where there is deep work going on, whether it 
is on a specific knowledge process or it is in credit risk or there is work doing on software 
development or there is work going on, on customer service. So a broad area of AI projects that we 
are working on. 
In some cases, we are working across an enterprise on transforming that enterprise from an AI 
perspective and making them the leading enterprise in their industry in AI. So good traction there. In 
fact, we have more and more of this that we want to start to share in the sense of what are the 
approach that we are taking, how it is working, and you will see that as we go through in the next 
few months. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 6   
On the environment, as Jayesh was sharing, the environment is still uncertain. And what we see 
today is some changes in where the global environment macro is looking. We still see in some of 
our large markets that there is growth, but there is also some inflation, there is job creation, which is 
constrained. 
In some other markets, there are cost constraints, some industries are seeing that. So that is a mix. 
Equally, we are seeing a lot of strength, for example, in Financial Services our client base is doing 
very well. We see extremely good growth. We have seen good growth in Manufacturing in this 
quarter. We have a portfolio where we are across all of these different industries, which helps us to 
deliver the kind of performance that we have delivered for this quarter.  
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So if you look at our hiring for this quarter, our net addition is already at 8,000. We had given a 
guidance in terms of the fresh hiring for the year, and we had said 20,000 is what we expect. We 
have hired in the first half, 12,000-plus freshers already. So we are well on our track to hire close to 
20,000 this year. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Uma Kannan from Deccan Herald 
Uma Kannan 
Good evening. In the last couple of years, Europe has been constantly outperforming for you. So 
what are the factors driving that? And can you give us some update on Project Maximus and its 
impact on your performance? And one more on fresher hiring, have you on-boarded all freshers 
whom you have offered? 
Salil Parekh 
On the Maximus and the hiring, Jayesh will come back. On Europe, I think Europe has done 
extremely well for us. We made some good investments in different countries across Europe. We 
have seen also, especially in the time you mentioned the past 2 years, there has been a lot of opening 
up of companies in Europe in different countries to looking at the sort of services that we are offering 
to, looking at both transformation and cost efficiency. And there, we have played quite well in those 
markets. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 7   
Having said that, we still see the U.S. market is also a very good market, and we will continue to 
grow. We will continue to make acquisitions. We will continue to invest in both of those markets and 
other markets around the world. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So on hiring, as I said earlier, we have hired net 8,000 employees, and we have hired 12,000 
freshers this half already, and they are already being on-boarded as we speak. In terms of Project 
Maximus, I think Project Maximus is continuing to deliver. If you look at last year, we expanded 
margins by 50 basis points despite multiple headwinds, including compensation related. We had a 
higher variable pay. We had impact coming from the acquisition and multiple mega deals that we 
signed in the year before, they were ramping up. 
So we absorbed all of those headwinds and we were able to expand margin by 50 basis points. Even 
this quarter, if you look at, we expanded margin by 20 basis points sequentially and the Project 
Maximus has delivered 30 basis points out of that, where pricing gave us a tailwind and that was 
offset by higher subcon and lower onsite utilization. So the project is in works. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Beena Parmar from The Economic Times. 
Beena Parmar 
Salil, you have seen some reduction in your contribution from your top 5 and 10 clients. Could you 
give us some sense why that is happening? And how do you see that in the next 2 quarters? And in 
terms of the hiring, what sort of outlook do you have overall for, say, campus and off-campus hiring, 
especially because of the way things are moving, while deal pipeline has been strong, market 
continues to remain uncertain. 
And secondly, in terms of the pipeline, where is the growth -- where is the deal pipeline coming from? 
Which sectors is it coming from and which geographies? And lastly, in terms of the margins, what 
are the levers given that you have already done with your wage hikes and you also plan to onboard 
freshers? 
Salil Parekh 
So let me start with the pipeline view and some of the others, Jayesh will look at, so you can combine 
those. So our pipeline remains very strong right now on large deals. What we are seeing is a lot of 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 8   
our clients are quite focused on cost optimization, consolidation. We are benefiting from 
consolidation plays, on automation and on using AI for efficiency. 
That is the big focus that we see from our clients across industries, and I will come to the specific 
industries. And then we see some attention to using AI for some of their growth activities and what 
we can do with an AI transformation. 
Now, within all of that, we see some of our industry segments with the pipeline doing well. There are 
some places, for example, in Financial Services, where we see good traction with clients. We see 
good traction in Manufacturing. Our pipeline in Retail is looking good, and we are looking to see how 
that can be now converted. The overall sentiment though is a good large deal pipeline with a view to 
much more focus on cost efficiency and automation and those types of activities. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So if you look at client contribution, I think that those changes are very marginal. There is not 
too much to read in that because there are always certain projects that ramp up, ramp down. So that 
is what it is. It is not anything to note there. In terms of margin tailwinds and headwinds, if you look 
at as we get into the second part of the year, which is seasonally softer part of the year, we have 
lower working days, furloughs, etc., which will come as a headwind. 
We also have Project Maximus and multiple tracks of Project Maximus that will continue delivering. 
There is pricing, which is a track there. There is lean and automation, which continues to deliver 
value there. There are large portfolio, large programs that we are running. We continue optimizing 
them. So there are multiple tracks that we run there, which will become a tailwind in a way. The 
freshers that we have hired once they start getting on-boarded on the projects, the pyramid starts 
giving benefit as well. So I think all of those will become a tailwind. 
Beena Parmar 
In terms of the acquisitions, how much has it contributed? And how much will it contribute in terms 
of the guidance that you have given? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So this quarter, it is only 20 bps out of the 2.2% because 2 months we already had last quarter, 2 
months baked in already. So that is already baked in, in the guidance. There is nothing additional 
that is newly baking in the guidance. The project Versent that we talked about, the JV in Australia 
that will only get baked in as and when we close it. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 9   
Beena Parmar 
In the guidance also, you expect it to be around 20 bps in the Q3 and Q4? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
No. That is already in the run rate. There is nothing additional that we are baking in from that 
perspective. 
Beena Parmar 
One last thing. In terms of the AI talk that is going on, your larger rival has kind of announced their 
AI -- sorry, your immediate smaller rival has announced AI contribution to the revenue. Could you 
tell us if you would be looking at anything of this sort this year in the next quarter or fourth quarter? 
And when do you see that happening, if at all? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, our focus has been to mainly share what we are doing on AI externally, and that is what 
we are doing. We, of course, track all of that internally and as the right time comes, we will start to 
share that externally. 
Rishi Basu 
The next question is from Jas Bardia from Mint. 
Jas Bardia 
Good evening. Just a couple of questions. As per your AI strategy, would you continue with the 
current asset-light model of embedding AI in your software services or are you looking at entering 
the AI infrastructure play and probably deploying huge amounts of capital? Second question, as part 
of the legacy modernization deals, are you seeing more business on a net-net basis because of AI 
tools being used to modernize those applications? 
Salil Parekh 
So on the modernization first, I think, in fact, modernization is a huge opportunity because of AI. So 
what is happening with modernization is, in the past, without the AI tools, you could do modernization, 
but clients needed a longer time horizon. With some of the AI tools, the time horizon becomes less 
and as a consequence, the ROI for the client on that program is much better. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 10   
So what we anticipate now is, as the AI tools mature, we will see more and more of them being 
deployed on the modernization programs. On the first part, I think we are comfortable with the 
strategy that we have today. 
Rishi Basu 
The next question is from Veena Mani from The Times of India. 
Veena Mani 
Good evening, gentlemen. I want to understand in the backdrop of the H-1B issue. So for the last 
few years itself, Infosys has been strengthening its nearshore centers. If you could give me a sense 
on how it has grown? And at this point in time, how many of your employees are based in nearshore 
locations? And what is your nearshore strategy going to be given that now the U.S.  has made H-1B 
norms a lot more stricter now? 
Also, you talked about the mega deal, if you could give us a sense of which sector it is and what is 
the AI element embedded in it? And on the fresher hiring, you mentioned 12,000. Out of them, what 
proportion of the freshers are premium talent in the sense that they are already skilled in something 
and not just vanilla talent? 
Salil Parekh 
So on the mega deal first, I think there, we have already announced it. It is with U.K. NHS. That is 
the one you are referring to. We made the announcement just after the close of the quarter. It is a 
complete transformation of what they are doing. We are supporting it with many new technologies, 
and AI is very much part of it. It is a huge program in the way that they have trusted us to deliver it. 
And we work with many different partners to make sure that all of this is delivered effectively for them, 
but it is just the start. As we go through it, more of that will become public. On the nearshore, so 
nearshore has been a huge success for us. Many years ago, we started the approach within our 
strategy of localization in each of our geographies, in Europe, in Australia, in U.S. and that has really 
matured a lot. 
So part of that is we are hiring local people in each of the geography. And part of that is we are 
building the nearshore centers, whether those are in the U.S. and around the U.S. like Canada or 
Mexico or other places in Latin America or in Europe and so on. So that part has really gone 
extremely well, and we feel quite confident that, that will scale even further with all the changes there. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 11   
Yes. So on the freshers, we do not really split out how many of them are higher skills and how many 
of them are the regular skills, but every fresher will go through the certain trainings depending on the 
requirement and depending on the skill set. So we will execute on that. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Veena. The next question is from Rukmini Rao from Fortune India. 
Rukmini Rao 
Salil, at the Board level, I wanted to understand, in extreme uncertain conditions where you do not 
know what is going to happen tomorrow, for leaders, what kind of drawing is happening at the 
boardroom table on how to deal with it? And also, is there some sort of additions to your contingency 
plans? 
The other one was, you have also disclosed the DOJ investigation happening on H-1B and you are 
also internally investigating, some sense of clarity on what is happening, the kind of inquiry that you 
are doing within the company? And also on the AI piece, with the partnerships that all of you are all 
doing with hyperscalers, looking at what happened with Deloitte, in terms of these partnerships, right 
and given that these technologies are still so newer. Is what sort of indemnity comes in these 
contracts where if something goes wrong with, let us say, any of the hyperscaler platforms that you 
are working on? I mean, is the entire risk on you or do they also take up any risk, because if things 
go wrong, it can be huge monetary risk that can be posed to any of the players? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
So on the first one, I think we are fortunate with our Board to have people, of course, with Nandan 
there, who are really very experienced in looking at global situations and looking at things over the 
years. So the Board is quite well prepared. The type of environment is different. But equally, the 
Board is well prepared to understand and work with what those uncertainties are. The Board looks 
at different ways and scenarios of what could play out, not from a quarterly business perspective, 
but much more from how we should look at overall. 
We, of course, have a risk committee that works extremely well. And in that, many of these different 
scenarios are looked at carefully and evaluated on a regular basis, but with a lot of attention, as I 
said with someone like Nandan being on the Board and many of the other Board members that we 
have.  
On the partnerships, so there is a lot of new things happening in AI and the questions that you ask 
on liabilities and so on are still not fully clarified from a legal perspective. So we have been quite 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 12   
clear and careful in making sure that we can take on the responsibility for what we have control for. 
Beyond that, it is difficult to say. Whether it is in a discussion with the client or with the partner, that 
is the sort of guideline that we use. And on the investigation, we have no comments at this stage. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you Rukmini. The next question is from Sanjana from the Hindu BusinessLine. 
Sanjana B 
Good evening, gentlemen. So just wanted to understand, you have made quite a few acquisitions in 
this calendar year alone. Some commentary on the kind of inorganic moves you are examining and 
contributions from such moves to the overall growth? And also, some of your peers as well as you 
who announced a mega deal in the public sector, some of your peers are also announcing a lot of 
deals.  
Do you think that you will be examining this particular sector more closely across your geographies? 
And also pertaining to the recent buyback announcement, if you could elaborate on the contours of 
the announcement. How was the size and the pricing got determined and also some commentary 
on the outlook for H2 FY'26? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
Okay. Let me start with those. I think on the public sector first, we have always had a good attention 
to it. Now we are even more focused on it in different markets. We have done pretty well in the public 
sector in the Australian market. We have a pretty decent small business in the U.S. market. With 
this, we start to expand more in the U.K. market. So we absolutely have a focus on it. We also find 
public sector is opening up to this sort of change and the sort of capabilities that we bring that they 
have much more interest to.  
Of course, in India itself, we do, I think, quite incredible work with the Income Tax, with the GSTN 
and so on. So we have pretty good experience in that, which we can leverage now globally.  
The inorganic, I think our focus is very much on making sure that we have a business that is growing 
well organically and then we have a strategic view on what we should look at in terms of acquisitions.  
So acquisitions are not the main driver in that sense of our growth, but where we see something that 
can add to our capability either in an industry or in a skill area like a service line or in a geography 
where we want to expand. Those are the ones that we have done, whether it was energy and 
consulting, whether it was cybersecurity, whether this one, which is focused on digital and AI and 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 13   
cloud. So those are the types of areas we are focused on and we will continue in that sort of a scale 
where the primary, of course, is we want to work in the organic sense with our clients. 
Sanjana B 
The buyback? 
Salil Parekh 
The buyback, yes, let me just start and you can add. So the primary approach, we have a capital 
return policy and that guides all of our decision-making on that. So in that, we have a policy where 
we return 85% of our free cash flow over a 5-year period. And then we have in that each year, our 
regular dividend and then we have other ways of returning. So that is the guideline. And then Jayesh, 
you can add more. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So within that guideline, if you look at we are in the second year right now. Last year, we had a 
very strong cash flow on the back of tax refunds that we got. So we had a headroom in terms of 
returning additional capital back to the shareholders. And as part of that, we looked at various options 
and one of that was buyback, which is what we are executing. The amount is INR 18,000 crores at 
INR 1,800 which we will be executing. At this point in time, we are awaiting shareholder approval. 
The postal ballot is already out. 
Ritu Singh 
Salil, Ritu again from CNBC. Since we have not got a very clear response in terms of your outlook 
for what happens with these H-1B visas. I mean, very simply to just answer the question, do you 
think it is viable to continue sending your employees on these visas? Are you going to participate in 
the next cycle or is there going to be a significant pullback even in this minority number that you 
currently have? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, what I shared earlier, what we have today in the U.S., we have the majority of our people 
who are not requiring any Infosys immigration support. What we will do in the future will be guided 
by how we work with our clients, how we scale up, what we have been doing there in terms of the 
discussion we had on nearshore, in the local hiring, the localization that we have been working on. 
So that is the approach that we will take. And we have been working with our clients over the last 
few weeks to make sure that the service delivery continuity, business continuity remains current. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 14   
Ritu Singh 
Are you as a company, is it viable to pay that large sum of money to send your employees to the 
U.S. anymore? 
Salil Parekh 
On the H-1B visa, the response that I have is what I have shared earlier and that is what we can 
share.  
Rukmini Rao 
You have incorporated a subsidiary in Egypt, is that anything got to do with North Africa market or 
just broadly wanted to understand why that? And also, Jayesh, the subcontracting cost has gone up. 
So is that very niche? Is that AI skill sort of guys that you have added to this, just to understand? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So the Egypt subsidiary is a particular requirement for a particular project. That is where we had to 
set up an entity because the client is based in Egypt and we had to send some people and that is 
how we expand across the globe. So that is where it is. Subcontractor cost keeps going up and down 
depending on the requirement, how we see the demand environment and how we have the talent 
that we fulfill. Part of that could be new age skills like AI skills, etc. Part of that could be the regular 
demand that we need to meet depending on the project and the location requirements. 
Veena Mani 
Hi. Your fact sheet, yes, your voluntary attrition has marginally dropped from the previous quarter. 
But if you look at it from the previous year, it has increased. In this sort of a market, what is leading 
to this increase in the voluntary attrition? That is number one. The other thing is about your Hubli 
campus. You have been giving your employees SOPs to cash incentives to move to the Hubli 
campus. But have you directly recruited there? From what I hear is that Infosys is not directly hiring 
at the Hubli campus and is going to wait until the next year to get people locally into that campus. If 
you could tell me a little bit about that? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So in terms of the campus movement, you always need to have certain senior people move to 
those campus so that you start meeting the demand requirement. And that is how you incentivize 
people to move to certain campuses and then you start building the team below that. So that is where 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 15   
we have made incentives to certain employees to move to those campuses. There is nothing beyond 
that. And we have and we will continue hiring locally in the Hubli as well. 
Veena Mani 
Not yet hiring locally? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
We have. We have hired few people in Hubli. 
Veena Mani 
At what seniority? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
We do not give out numbers by campus.  
Ritu Singh 
And also January and April? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So yes, we just did it in January and April. We will decide soon. It is generally an annual cycle. So 
we will look at it in future. We have not decided anything for this year at this point. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. With that, we come to the end of this Q&A session and the press conference. We thank 
our friends from media. Thank you, Salil, and thank you, Jayesh. Before we conclude, please note 
that the archived webcast of this press conference will be available on the Infosys website and on 
our YouTube channel later today. Thank you and please join us for some high tea outside. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 1   
 
                                                           Infosys Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
October 16, 2025  
   
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:   
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director  
 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Mr. Satish H.C.  
Chief Delivery Officer 
 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Financial Controller & Head of Investor Relations 
 
ANALYSTS  
 
Kumar Rakesh 
BNP Paribas 
 
Bryan Bergin 
TD Cowen  
 
Jonathan Lee 
Guggenheim Partners 
 
Vibhor Singhal 
Nuvama Institutional Equities 
 
James Friedman 
Susquehanna International 
 
Sumeet Jain 
CLSA India 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Investec India 
 
Abhishek Kumar 
JM Financial 
 
Sandeep Shah 
Equirus Securities 
 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 2   
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Infosys Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. 
Mahindroo. 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Hello, everyone, and welcome to Infosys Earnings Call for Q2 FY '26. Joining us on this call is CEO 
and MD – Mr. Salil Parekh, CFO – Mr. Jayesh Sanghrajka, CDO – Mr. Satish H.C., along with other 
members of the leadership team. 
We will start the call with some remarks on the performance of the company, subsequent to which 
we will open up the call for questions. 
Kindly note that anything we say, which refers to our future outlook is a forward-looking statement 
that must be read in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. A full statement and 
explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, which can be found on 
www.sec.gov. 
I would now like to pass on the call to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Sandeep. Good evening and good morning to all of you on the call.  
We had a strong performance in Q2 with increased market share gains. Our revenues for the quarter 
grew 2.2% sequentially and 2.9% year-on-year in constant currency terms. 4 of our large 5 industry 
verticals and 3 of our 4 geographies grew year-on-year in constant currency terms. 
Operating margins expanded by 20 basis points sequentially. We had an excellent outcome in cash 
generation with free cash flow of $1.1 bn. Our large deals were at $3.1 bn with 67% net new. In 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 3   
addition, we announced a mega deal worth $1.6 bn after the close of the quarter but before today’s 
results announcement.  
We added 8,000 employees during the quarter. Our client interactions show strong focus on 
deploying AI across the enterprise for growth and on cost efficiency programs. In doing this, we 
continue to scale our team of forward-deployed engineers. Our results and pipeline of deals reflect 
the trust our clients have in our ability to help them bring AI to their enterprises. 
For example, we are partnering with an apparel company with generative AI and AI Ops technologies 
to help them modernize their core operations, simplify their IT, and unlock greater value from their 
data.  
For a telecom client, we are infusing advanced intelligence across their operations to accelerate the 
pace of innovation and help them to deliver compelling digital experiences for their customers. 
As a result of our investments, we have emerged as the leading enterprise AI services and solutions 
provider. We would like to take this opportunity and give you an update on how our investments in 
AI have positioned us as the preferred services partner for large-scale enterprise AI transformation 
program today.  
Satish, our Chief Delivery Officer, will share this update later in the call with all of you. 
We continue our strategic approach to acquisitions with the joint venture announcement of Versent 
in Australia.  
With a strong performance in Q2, we changed our revenue growth guidance for the financial year. 
The new guidance is 2% to 3% growth in constant currency terms. Our operating margin guidance 
for the financial year remains the same at 20% to 22%. 
With that, let me hand it over to Jayesh. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you, Salil. Good morning, good evening everyone, and thank you for joining the call today. 
I am pleased to report that we had another quarter of robust all-around performance despite an 
uncertain environment. We continued our strong growth momentum for the second consecutive 
quarters, accompanied by higher margins, led by focus on client relevance and rigor on execution. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 4   
We are making necessary investment in technology, people and in sales engine to future proof our 
business. 
Let me cover key aspects of our results: 
1. 
Quarterly revenues crossed $5 bn in Q2 '26 and $10 bn for the half year. Revenue grew 2.2% 
sequentially in Q2, including 20 bps from acquisitions in constant currency terms. 
2. 
Growth in Q2 was on back of the 2.6% sequential growth in Q1. H1 revenues, therefore, grew 
at 3.3%. 
3. 
Volumes continue to remain soft with bulk of the revenue growth driven by realization increase. 
4. 
Amongst large verticals, Financial Services and Manufacturing grew above 5% year-on-year in 
constant currency, both in Q2 and H1. 
5. 
Europe also grew greater than 5% year-on-year in constant currency terms.  
6. 
H1 gross margin remained resilient at 30.8%, flat year-on-year after absorbing compensation 
headwinds, reflecting the progress of Project Maximus. 
7. 
Operating margin expanded by 20 bps sequentially to 21%. H1 margins were 20.9% versus 
21.1% in H1 '25. We continue to invest in sales and marketing, which is reflected in 12.8% 
growth in S&M cost, H1 over H1. 
8. 
Utilization, excluding trainees, remained stable at 85%, which is within our comfort range. 
9. 
Onsite mix reduced by 40 basis points for the quarter and 60 basis points for the half year.  
10. We continue to invest in talent and have hired over 12,000 freshers in the last 6 months. Total 
employee headcount was at 332,000, an increase of over 8,000 in Q2. Attrition remains low at 
14.3%.  
11. DSO is down 2 days to 71 days and DSO including net unbilled is down by 5 days to 87 on a 
year-on-year basis. 
12. Cash flow generation remained strong. Free cash flow stood at $1.1 bn, which is 131% of the 
net profit and is well above 100% for the 6th consecutive quarter, bolstered by tax refunds. H1 
free cash flow conversion is at 120%.  
13. Large deal TCV for Q2 was at $3.1 bn, which is with 67% net new. H1 deal wins at $6.9 bn with 
net new at 60% plus. This does not include the mega deal announcement this week with NHS. 
14. Q2 EPS in rupee terms grew by 13% year-on-year to Rs. 17.6. 
Operating margin for Q2 was at 21%, increase of 20 basis points sequentially. The major 
components of sequential margin change for the quarter were: 
Tailwinds of  
 
60 basis points from currency movement 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 5   
 
30 basis points from Project Maximus emanating from RPP increase from value-based selling 
and lean in automation partly offset by increase in subcon and lower onsite utilization 
Offset by  
 
70 basis points of impact from higher post-sale customer support on a sequential basis and 
other expenses. 
Consolidated cash and investments were at $6.2 bn at the end of quarter. Yield on cash balance 
was at 6.98% and ROE stood at 29.1%.  
We have taken several strategic steps in the past few years to reduce our dependence on work visa, 
especially H-1Bs in the U.S. This includes reduction in onsite mix, increased focus on near-shoring, 
increased local hiring, university partnerships, and creation of local hubs. We currently have several 
delivery centers across the U.S. to serve clients and leverage local talent. These hubs focus on 
emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, cloud computing, big data, 
and user experience design. 
In line with our capital allocation policy, during the quarter, we announced Rs. 18,000 crores buyback 
through tender route at Rs. 1,800 per share. Buyback is expected to be completed in Q3, subject to 
shareholder approval.  
The Board approved Rs. 23 interim dividend, which is 9.5% higher than the FY '25 interim dividend.  
We signed 23 large deals during the quarter, 6 in Financial Services, 4 each in Manufacturing, 
Communication and Retail, 3 in EURS and 1 each in Hi-tech and others. Region-wise, we signed 14 
deals in America, 7 in Europe, 1 each in ROW and India. 
Coming to verticals: 
In Financial Services, clients are actively planning modernization and AI-driven initiatives with a 
clear focus on cost efficiency, enhanced customer experience, and strategic business 
transformation. We see strong momentum in mortgages, capital markets, commercial banking, and 
wealth management areas. While macro uncertainty and volatility is impacting spends, there is some 
acceleration in mortgage sector with recent reduction in interest rates. Overall pipeline and signing 
remains strong, which is visible in 6 large deals signing this quarter. Banks have spent significantly 
to build AI infrastructure. Many initiatives are progressing from proof of concepts to full-scale projects 
with notable traction in Agentic AI.  

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 6   
Manufacturing segment continues to face trade and macro uncertainties, which is creating pressure 
on discretionary spend, specifically in automotive sector. We continue to help our clients in digital 
initiatives and rationalizing their applications and infrastructure footprints. We are at the forefront of 
leveraging AI and automation to increase productivity and offset pricing deflation. In Aero, we have 
seen opportunities to help clients navigate headwinds by helping them resolve bottlenecks in their 
supply chain, using technologies and products. Over 90% of large deal TCV for Q2 was net new, 
which should help drive growth going forward.  
Clients in EURS have strong focus on cost reduction, operational efficiency, and cash preservation, 
which helps open doors for vendor consolidation. In resources while large-scale Gen AI deployment 
are limited, agentic AI adoption is growing in tech operations to reduce cost. With rapid construction 
of data centers, utility companies are looking for partners to meet the accelerating electricity demand, 
creating opportunities in areas like renewable integration, grid modernization, AI-driven optimization, 
etc. Year-on-year growth was impacted due to significantly higher third-party revenues in Q2 '25.  
Retail clients continue to remain cautious on account of ongoing tariff-related uncertainties. Across 
geos, there is an increased focus on AI, cloud, estate modernization, derisking and cost takeout. 
There is a growing sense of urgency to improve the productivity of operating models to offset 
inflationary pressures. Deal pipelines remain strong, but decision cycle remains elongated. We 
continue to leverage our Topaz and AI Next platform capabilities, showcasing our enhanced 
customer and employee experience through digital marketing, predictive analytics and real-time 
insights.  
Communications continued to face growth headwinds coupled with high opex pressures. 
Discretionary spending remains subdued with investment prioritization in AI, automation, and 
consumer experience. GCCs are becoming key buying centers and opportunities are emerging for 
IT companies to support their transition. While lower interest rates offer cautious optimism, 
geopolitical tensions and tariff risk add to uncertainty. 
In Hi-Tech, there has been significant focus on cost reduction leading to budget cuts and program 
closures. However, there are opportunities emerging in areas like semiconductors with a strong focus 
on leveraging Gen AI.  
Our H1 performance reflects resilience of our business model and agility of our execution capabilities. 
As we enter H2, we expect seasonal factors to impact growth - lower working days, furloughs, onset 
of new calendar year. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 7   
Hence, we have revised our revenue guidance to 2% to 3%. This does not include any revenues 
from the joint venture with Telstra, which we expect to close later this year. Our margin guidance 
remains at 20% to 22%. 
With that, let me hand over to Satish to talk about our AI capabilities. 
Satish H. C. 
Thanks, Jayesh. Good day, ladies, and gentlemen.  
I am pleased to share that we have emerged as the industry-leading enterprise AI services and 
solutions provider. 8 industry analyst firms have ranked Infosys as a global leader in 20 separate AI 
rankings over the last 12 months. We are delivering more than 2,500 Generative AI and AI projects 
and 200-plus agentic AI projects for our clients. 
Let me outline the key pillars of our strategic focus: 
The first one is making Infosys AI-first: 
We embarked on our AI-first journey in 2023. On the people front, we are committed to making our 
employees AI amplified. About 90% of our employees are AI aware, equipped to collaborate with 
and leverage AI tools responsibly in their daily work.  
The next tier is the AI builders 
10% of our top technology talent pool are engaged in highly innovative projects and solution building 
with AI. The top tier, the AI masters and amongst them, the forward-deployed engineers are driving 
the AI momentum for our clients by solving the tough industry challenges. 
On the process front 
We are reimagining the way we work with AI. For example, AI code assistants accelerate our 
development life cycle. Our developers have produced more than 25 mn lines of code using 
generative AI.  
We have deployed AI agents across our internal operations. Our multi-agent invoice automation 
solution alone unlocked $50 mn in incremental cash flow, directly improving our free cash flow 
conversion.  

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 8   
We have deployed AI to accelerate our compliance processes. In some of the use cases, we have 
seen over 20x gains for specific activities and an overall end-to-end process productivity in the range 
of 40% to 50%. 
Now coming to our industry-leading AI offerings 
We have built capabilities in AI, applied them across our own operations and now we deliver these 
innovations to clients through Infosys Topaz, a holistic suite of generative and agentic AI-powered 
services and solutions.  
We deliver value through 2 strategic frameworks, services.ai and client.ai. In services.ai, we build a 
foundation for better business services for our clients by accelerating IT capabilities and operations, 
both our own and our clients.   
Our integrated services stack, a composable set of AI services and agents contextualized for every 
client and industry integrates human and AI agents to reimagine IT services and operations with 
greater velocity, productivity, and quality. 
On client.ai, We focus on business transformation to deliver sustained enterprise-wide impact for 
our clients like revenue growth, efficiency, and productivity improvements. We have 22 industry 
blueprints and more than 400 agents tailored to specific verticals to accelerate value from AI-led 
transformation. We also use power vibing to rapidly build proofs of value and iterate business solution 
prototypes to client problems. 
In terms of delivering enterprise value to surmount pilot paralysis 
The challenge of extracting value from enterprise AI investments and pilots continues  
to be the 
biggest priority for global enterprises. We have expertise in delivering that through 5 key levers. 
With Infosys forward-deployed engineers, we have the specialized engineering talent, which is 
deeply embedded within client businesses, delivering enterprise scale value from AI. For a global 
logistics leader, our forward deployed engineers co-created a solution that uses real-time data 
streams and AI to accurately predict shipment life cycles across regions and operating companies. 
This platform delivers 400 mn messages daily with sub-minute latency and operates uninterrupted 
24/7, resulting in $1.5 mn in immediate benefits, $8 mn in annual savings and 12% reduction in 
customer service call volumes. 
With our Infosys Topaz data workbench, we have an expansive portfolio of solutions for data 
preparation, engineering, and governance. For a leading industrial manufacturer, we built a unified 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 9   
data fabric powered by 100-plus domain-driven multimodal data products centered on equipment 
operations covering more than 10 petabytes of structured and unstructured data to power 30-plus AI 
companions across business functions driving more than 90% boost in precision, performance and 
productivity. 
With our Infosys SLM, we are able to deliver small language models, which are key for context 
engineering of agentic AI solutions, which are adapted for enterprise’s specific need. We have built 
4 small language models for banking, IT operations, cyber and enterprises broadly for rapid value 
delivery. We also offer these models as services to keep businesses securely build their own custom 
AI models. A good example is how our SLM is used by clients to run their banks on Infosys Finacle 
to launch new contextual banking experiences and innovations. 
With our Infosys Responsible AI Office, we have now become an industry pioneer in setting up a 
Responsible AI Office. We are amongst the first companies to be certified on ISO 42001:2023 for 
management systems implementing Responsible AI projects. Our Responsible AI toolkit ensures 
that clients have the defense and the technical guardrails to address AI-related risks. 
With our Infosys Polydelivery AI model, the high dependence on AI key providers is a key concern 
that we address. Our hybrid or flexible poly AI helps them avoid vendor lock-in as they scale their AI 
transformation. Using this model, we helped a bank in Europe establish their AI innovation lab to 
create a pipeline of AI-first business initiatives. They have now deployed 13 AI and agentic AI 
solutions, and there are several more in development. This has delivered substantial financial gains 
and earned our client the honor of being #1 in their region of an AI-first bank. 
Building an AI ecosystem for our clients, we have established strategic alliances with Nvidia, 
Microsoft, AWS, Intel, Meta, Google Cloud, and others to enhance their capabilities.  
Infosys is among the first and largest enterprises to deploy GitHub Copilot at scale. We have over 
22,000 developers on board. In collaboration with Google Cloud, we have developed more than 200 
enterprise-grade AI agents. These partnerships, combined with open source solutions enable Infosys 
to deliver flexible vendor-agnostic AI ecosystems. 
Through our Infosys Innovation Network, we engage with AI start-ups across AI, cybersecurity, data 
management, and other emerging domains to accelerate client adoption of cutting-edge solutions. 
Our academic collaborations with institutions like Cambridge, Columbia, Cornell, Stanford HAI, and 
MIT fuel our advanced AI research and give our innovations practical enterprise application.  

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 10   
We also contribute to shaping global AI standards like partnering with OWASP on LLM security. We 
are also advising policymakers, and we are also collaborating with regulators in shaping emerging 
standards. 
To summarize, our clients value our differentiated capabilities that we have built on the success of 
our own AI-first journey. They trust us to navigate them with a clear practical road map to transform 
their business and deliver sustained enterprise scale value. This proven capability has translated 
into robust growth and notable gains in market share over the past several quarters, underscoring 
the impact of our strategic approach.  
This includes amplifying people, implementing advanced AI solutions, co-creating AI projects from 
the ground up for success and fostering an effective ecosystem of partners. We are focused on 
empowering our clients to conquer the pilot paralysis and achieve enterprise scale advantage. 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
We can now open up the call for questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Salil, my first question was a little of medium to long term. So, there is a lot of companies who have 
announced their capex plans for setting up the AI data centers. And many of these companies are 
our ecosystem partners. We do go to market along with them. We partner with them in many of the 
projects.  
In all these conversations of these capacity expansion and potential modernization in the future, are 
we having any conversation with them how Infosys can partner with them in the future for 
implementation and inference work potentially in the future? Any of your conversation which is 
happening with them that you can share? 
Salil Parekh 
If I understood that, the question was there are partners of Infosys who are building large AI capability 
and are we partnering with them?  

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 11   
So, yes, we are partnering with them.  
So, you look at any of the large players who are building out AI capability today. And it is at different 
levels - we are looking from the chip to the infrastructure to the models to basically deployment. So, 
there are different layers of that. And in each of those, we have, as Satish was just pointing out, 
several partnerships, which are going pretty well. Is that what you are asking? 
Kumar Rakesh 
So, my question was that at some stage, they will start looking at modernization, enterprise 
implementation of inferences on those large capacities. Will we be participating in any of those, any 
of the conversation happening on the modernization side in the future and Infosys participation in 
that? 
Salil Parekh 
So, on the enterprise side, we will participate, but the modernization is a big part of our play. So, 
what is happening there, in fact, is the enterprise modernization business will get a huge benefit from 
AI. So, before the AI, the enterprise modernization, legacy modernization had a certain time duration 
and a certain ROI. With many of the AI tools, that is improving quite dramatically. So, once those AI 
tools are in good shape and stable and so on, we see modernization as a big growth opportunity. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Just to be clear that I have got it right, that once enterprises start using these capacities for their own 
modernization, there is a play for Infosys to participate with them and help them in that modernization. 
Salil Parekh 
Absolutely. So, there are some AI companies which are very good with enterprise AI. Most people 
are focused on consumer AI. So, if you look at an enterprise AI company, they are building solutions 
which are focused in sales or marketing for growth or revenue of the end client or cost reduction 
through process or customer service in those areas. And one of those areas is this modernization. 
There are some others. And to make it happen, Infosys is a partner that those AI companies will use 
where we have the knowledge, because of the knowledge we have in the landscape of the client, 
which is a large complex landscape. So, how to deploy AI into it and make it successful, those are 
some of the skills that we will bring to it. 
Kumar Rakesh 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 12   
My second question was more of a near term. So, over the last 2 quarters, we have seen the large 
deal TCV has picked up and you have been reporting above $3 bn of large deal TCV. And you have 
also spoken about vendor consolidation being one of the trends which is driving the deal signings. 
Looking at these large deals which you have won, how comfortable you are of their margin as they 
ramp up and start contributing into your revenue? 
Salil Parekh 
Large deals, we don't disclose the margins separately, as you know. But what we are clear on, is 
that we have a fairly disciplined approach as we take them on. And there, in many ways, what Satish 
was sharing with you, we have our Chief Delivery Officer, Dinesh, they are both involved actively at 
the very start of many of all of the large deals to make sure that before we go into it, we understand 
what the issues are as best as possible and maintain that margin profile at the start and through the 
program itself. So, we are comfortable. We don't disclose the margin separately, but we don't see 
some unusual margin impact because of that also. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Bryan Bergin from TD Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Bryan Bergin 
I wanted to ask on deal activity and kind of average sizes. Can you comment on what you are seeing 
in some of the smaller deal activity? Any changes there versus the prior quarter? And then just on 
the signings, so the TCV has been healthy now for 2 quarters. Can you comment on just how ACV 
levels in new work that you are booking may be trending? 
Salil Parekh 
So, on the smaller deals, no real change, it is similar to what we have been seeing so far. On the 
large deals, the vast majority of them is focused on cost reduction, vendor consolidation, using AI for 
productivity, lean automation, those sort of areas.  
On ACV, again, no real comment. We don't see a change that this quarter's large deal had a different 
type of ACV than last quarter, essentially a similar type of structure. But again, we don't share the 
ACV numbers separately. 
Bryan Bergin 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 13   
And then my follow-up on the delivery and the operating model. So, I am curious how you may see 
the delivery mix changing beyond Fiscal '26 when you consider navigating the visa changes next 
year. Just understanding you have a majority of your employee base in the U.S. that are not on visas. 
But as we look at the numbers, subcon mix, picked up here in the quarter, while your offshore mix 
also rose. So, I am curious if you think those two trends will continue? And where do you think the 
potential ceilings of those are as it relates to offshore mix and subcon usage? 
Salil Parekh 
So, on the subcon, I don't think that is a long-term lever in terms of how we will change the mix. 
There will be ups and downs as we go through the next few phases of this. The approach we are 
taking is, we built over the years what we call localization in all of our geographies outside India and 
especially in the U.S., and that comprises of building local technology up, so local recruiting, near-
shore centers, which are ones around, for example, Canada, Mexico, other places in South America 
and then offshore. 
Now, it will be a combination of these that we are using or we will use further in the future to make 
sure that essentially our overall delivery approach remains consistent for the clients. We don't have 
a view on where the offshore ratio will end, but we do see from some early client discussions that 
there will be an increase over time in what they want to offshore. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Jonathan Lee from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead. 
Jonathan Lee 
Can you help us unpack the step down in utilization despite the step-up of subcontractor usage? 
Where are the potential skill gaps or pyramid gaps that you are looking to fill by using your 
subcontractors? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, if you look at our subcon a couple of quarters back (editor comment – few years back), it was in 
the range of 11%. It has come down now to 8.5%. So, there has been a consistent effort to bring it 
down on a long-term basis.  
Having said that, on a quarter-to-quarter basis, there could be ups and downs depending on the 
demand that we have, the skills that we have, at which location the skills are and you would dip into 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 14   
subcon or you would wind down subcon accordingly. So, that is how the subcons typically are there. 
Typically, the subcons are used to bridge the skill gaps across the projects that we deliver for the 
clients. We don't expect at this point in time the subcons to increase significantly from the current 
levels. 
Jonathan Lee 
Appreciate that color. And secondly, this may be the first time we have heard you mention forward-
deployed engineers. Can you unpack how they compare relative to the teams of forward-deployed 
engineers that software companies are scaling? Potentially how those pools of talent are competing 
and whether there are higher costs associated with your forward-deployed engineers versus your 
traditional engineer? 
Salil Parekh 
So, there, Satish should also add a little bit. Let me start off. We have been using the capability of 
the forward-deployed engineers across our AI landscape for some time. We want to make sure that 
that is something we share externally.  
We are not commenting on the cost or nature of those, but they are different groups within the 
company in the past as well, for example, we have other groups called power programmers and so 
on, which have different costs within our delivery structure. And so, we will use the appropriate level 
of cost depending on which market those engineers are operating in to fulfill that work for our clients.  
Satish H. C. 
Thanks, Salil. So, I guess the opportunity with AI is that we are developing a new breed of services 
stack or software stack for our clients, which is never done before. So, this is reimagining of either 
how we run business or how we even deliver services.  
So, given that this is a different paradigm, the onus is on co-creation with our clients, which is why I 
think there is a sharper pivot to the leverage of forward-deployed engineers to work very closely with 
our clients. And as we move from POCs to enterprise scale adoption, we see that there will be a lot 
more need for forward-deployed engineers to work with our clients to drive this co-creation of the 
new breed of software stack. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 15   
Vibhor Singhal 
Salil, just a question on the overall uncertainty that we are facing in the environment, especially in 
the light of the recent H-1B visa hike. So, just wanted to pick your brain as to, first of all, I mean, in 
the near term, let's say, in the last couple of weeks or few weeks that that event has passed by, did 
we see a heightened level of uncertainty, which maybe might have led to some of the deals being 
pushed off and some of the concerns cropping up from the clients? 
And from a longer-term point of view, I know we and many, most of the industry experts have 
basically explained that this should not be a big deterrent in terms of our business model. But how 
do you see this change changing the business model? I mean, do we believe that there is a possibility 
of higher offshoring that can be done now with this when companies try to avoid the higher H-1B visa 
fee and clients would also be amenable to that? Could that be, let's say, an unintended benefit that 
could actually trickle by because of this event that took place? 
Salil Parekh 
So, on the short term, I am not sure I followed everything, but basically, we have not seen any change 
if that was the question in the short term.  
On the medium, long term, the model will change as we were discussing earlier, which is essentially, 
we have been working on localization for quite some years in most of our markets outside India, so 
U.S. also. So, there will be more work in our technology hubs and centers there with local employees. 
There will be more nearshore work. There will be more offshore work. And that is the approach that 
we will put in place, essentially ensuring that the client delivery remains in a good place. So, that is 
what we see.  
If you are looking at like, let's say, some percentages and so on, we don't have that sort of a view, 
but that is the general approach and the model change that we see coming. 
Vibhor Singhal 
A bit farfetched maybe, but let's say, if we try to do more of nearshoring and offshoring, do you think 
clients would be okay with this? Because let's be honest. I mean, I am assuming that at this point of 
time before, let's say, the announcement, we were operating at a specific onsite to offshore ratio, 
which we would have tried to optimize by ourselves. So, if there was a specific onsite presence, it 
would have been maybe requirement of the client, maybe requirement of regulator or our own 
requirements. So, would it be easy to get this through to move that business? There will be some 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 16   
part, as you rightly said, that you will have local hires. But the part that we are planning to move to 
nearshore and offshore, how easy or difficult will it be for clients to accept that? 
Salil Parekh 
So, this is a broad approach. We will work jointly with each client to define specifically how it will work 
for the client. It is a little bit if you go back to the time when there was the COVID, everyone was 
working remotely for so much time, and we just figured it out. We were quite adept at it at that time.  
So, now there is a model that we have built. We are working with clients. What we do feel is quite 
comfortable that we will not have any constraints in client delivery through different levers in the 
model. It is not that one lever. Some clients may have a different lever and some may have another 
type of lever, but we feel comfortable with that. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Vibhor, if I could just add, if you look at pre-COVID, we were at close to 30% onsite, 70% offshore. 
And every year, the needle used to move by 20 to 30 bps. Post-COVID, it changed significantly by 
3% to 4% or more in a year's time. And that is what I think Salil is referring to. When a constraint 
comes in, both we and client work together, and we have been able to reach a model that works, 
and I am sure we will be able to do that this time as well. 
Vibhor Singhal 
And just last question on that part since you have come in, I know it might sound too optimistic. Could 
it actually lead to an unintended benefit that we do more of nearshoring and offshoring and that could 
possibly be a margin lever for us or for the industry? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Difficult to say at this point in time. But I mean, mathematically, if you do more nearshoring and more 
offshoring, it should mean more margin, but it depends on to what extent you are able to do 
offshoring, nearshoring and to what extent we will end up doing more local hiring. 
So, I think it is going to be a balanced act there. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of James Friedman from Susquehanna International. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 17   
James Friedman 
Jayesh, in your prepared remarks, you called out a 70-basis point impact from higher post-sale 
customer support, I am just reading from the transcript. Is that a normal thing? Or is that something 
different? What is that about? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, James, if you recollect last quarter, we had a benefit on this. So, on a quarter-on-quarter basis, 
it is an impact from a margin walk perspective. This quarter, it is at a normalized level. So, last quarter 
is where we had a benefit. 
James Friedman 
Now I remember. I apologize. I got it. And then in terms of your offshore/onsite, what you are 
contemplating longer term, I was just wondering, how do you think about AI delivery impacting the 
regionalization of your headcount, AI delivery? And does AI impact where your people need to be? 
Salil Parekh 
Hi, this is Salil addressing that point. I think we already see projects where we have agents, which is 
with AI working alongside the people on the project. So, that will also be part of this new delivery 
model. There is one change which is based on the visa discussion we were having. And everything 
with or without the visa will be changed with the agents and how that will work over time. So, those 
are two different sorts of trends, but they will both come together and sort of the ratios and so on will 
develop as we build out the business. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Sumeet Jain from CLSA India. Please go ahead.  
Sumeet Jain 
Firstly, I want to understand the impact of AI on your and IT services industry’s revenue growth 
profile. Do you think the deflationary impact is higher than the volume growth opportunity? And 
maybe if you can give us a sense on your renewed deals, how much is compression due to AI versus 
incremental scope expansion? 
Salil Parekh 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 18   
This is Salil. So, there, we see 2 types of things for AI. One, growth opportunities, where we see 
clients are starting to look at leveraging AI, whether it is in their sales function, their marketing 
function, how they can drive growth from it. And the second, as you point out, is more productivity or 
efficiency for different processes and activities within their company.  
Today, with the economic environment where it is, there is a lot of interest and focus on cost 
reduction, and that is where we see a lot of the initial work coming in. Some of the things that we are 
seeing, for example, the discussion we had a little while ago on modernization. Those discussions 
are much more about growth because it is not something that the company, a client is doing at all. It 
is a question of how they will do it, how it will be leveraged. So, at this stage, I don't have a view on 
which of these two factors will be larger or smaller, but we certainly see a lot of growth opportunities 
from what we can deliver with AI. 
Sumeet Jain 
So, maybe, Salil, prodding it further, do you think the IT service budgets of your clients are expanding 
due to AI? 
Salil Parekh 
So, there, what we see now is, a lot of companies are in mode of a lot of cost control with the changes 
in the economic environment. So, it is difficult to ascertain what they will use it for in different 
economic environments.  
So, today, if I look at it, whether it is AI or non-AI, meaning we do a lot of work on, let's say, 
consolidation. We do a lot of work on automation, non-AI automation. So, there is a real interest from 
clients that, look, can you help us through these other techniques, also reduce cost. And that is the 
predominant way that we are looking, we are seeing some of the large deals come about. 
My sense is as there are AI approaches, which are showing clients where they can impact the 
business on the growth side and where the economic environment supports it, we will see more and 
more of those opportunities. 
Sumeet Jain 
That is helpful. And maybe my second question is around, of course, this year, macro is pretty weak 
because of tariff-related uncertainty. But if the macro improves next year due to tariff uncertainty 
going away, do you think the IT services industry growth would be higher next year compared to this 
year, ignoring how AI will play around? 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 19   
Salil Parekh 
That is a very good question, if I could answer that. It is difficult to say from our side, meaning we 
think basically that when the macro improves, the tech improves. But now, we will see how that plays 
out. That’s typically been our experience from the past, but I don't have a view like for next year, how 
it will look. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec India. Please go ahead.  
Nitin Padmanabhan 
So, a couple of questions. So, one is you spoke about volumes being sort of flattish where 
realizations being a bigger driver of growth. If you could help contextualize what is driving that? So, 
that is the first one. 
The second is any color you can give on the Versent JV, both in terms of when it could sort of accrue 
the kind of revenue or margins there? 
And finally, your thoughts on how do you see furloughs this time versus last year? And in terms of 
smaller deals, do you see any pickup? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Nitin, this is Jayesh here. Let me take that. We did say that volumes were softer and the large 
part of the growth came from the RPP expansion. Part of that was because we had a higher working 
day and calendar day this quarter, which reflects in pricing in a way. The part of that is also Project 
Maximus, where we have been trying to drive or getting the effective pricing increases through 
various levers within that, and that is where it has helped in terms of revenue. 
Your second question was on Versent. We haven't been able to close that yet because it is pending 
for few of the regulatory approvals. So, as, and when we get the approvals, we will announce the 
closure. At this point in time, we do not know. We expect it to be closed in this year, but we do not 
know the exact timelines, and therefore, it is not baked in the guidance at this point in time.  
The last year revenue was around Australian $210 mn. So, that is all I can give you as a reference 
to put in an estimate once it is closed. You have one more question. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 20   
Any color on margins for Versent? And the other one was, other questions were on furloughs versus 
last year and any pickup in small deals? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, furloughs at this point in time, we do not expect to be significantly different than the last year. 
And we do not disclose margins of the acquisitions. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Perfect. Any pickup in small deals that you have seen? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
I think small deals have remained similar as compared to last year. The overall pipeline continues to 
remain strong. There is nothing unusual to call out there. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar 
I have a question on your second half outlook. Now we understand the seasonal factors and probably 
that is what is driving decline at the midpoint of the implied guidance. But I just wanted to get a sense 
that this year, deal wins has been strong, then you have closed $1.6 bn deal, which if my calculation 
is right, is a $100 mn-plus ACV deal. So, is it just your conservatism at this stage, given Q4 generally 
is weaker? Or is there anything else that is restricting you from raising the upper end of the guidance? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Abhishek, like we have always said, the way we look at guidance is to reduce the asymmetry of 
information between us and the investor community. At this point in time, based on the various 
models that we run, that leads us to various levels of guidance, and that is how we have arrived at 
the guidance.  
Like what we have been saying for the last couple of quarters, at the lower end of the guidance, we 
have baked in elevated level of uncertainty and at the upper end of the guidance, we have baked in 
a stable environment. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 21   
Having said that, as you know, H2 is softer from a seasonality perspective. We have lower working 
days, lower calendar days, higher impact from furloughs, etc. So, all of that impacts our H2 versus 
H1. And we also need to remember that we have delivered a stronger H1 versus many of our peers. 
So, from that perspective, the H2 automatically gets impacted. 
Abhishek Kumar 
So, maybe a quick follow-up on the mega deal you just announced. Is it expected to start ramping 
up this fiscal year? And what would be net new contribution, if you can call that out? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Abhishek, the deal that we have announced is completely 100% net new, and it will start ramping up 
this year. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah 
Jayesh, just wanted to understand, in your guidance assumption for the second half, are you also 
expecting further lower pass-through, the third-party item sales? Because in the first half, it has been 
7.4% versus 8.2% for the whole year last year. And generally, Q3 sees seasonal strength on the 
third-party items. So this time, you believe it could not show the strength, and it could be further down 
from 7.4% in the 1H versus what you expect in 2H? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So, Sandeep, like we said at the beginning of the year, this year, we expect the third party to 
be lower than what we had last year, and we expect the similar trend to continue. So, we do not 
expect unusual growth or unusual elevation in third party in Q3. 
Sandeep Shah 
And second, just the follow-up. In terms of seasonal softness, which is reflecting in your 2H implied 
guidance, what was the urgency to deploy 8,000 net additions in the employee side? Can you explain 
the high recruitment versus seasonal softness in the 2H? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 22   
So, Sandeep, it is a factor of the demand and supply environment. We are already at 85% utilization. 
And we also onboarded 12,000 freshers. So, that just talks about the visibility that we have in our 
business. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. That will be the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Salil Parekh 
Thank you. Thanks, everyone, for joining in. Just wanted to summarize, we had a strong Q2, very 
good large deals, one mega deal after the quarter, so even better. We spent a lot of time sharing 
with you our leadership in enterprise AI and forward-deployed engineering capability and the growth 
of that. We feel we have a really strong position in this area, and we continue to lead in many places 
here. 
We have an increase in our guidance for revenue growth, the new guidance being 2% to 3% for the 
full financial year. With all of this, we look forward to a strong Q3 and Q4 and look forward to 
interacting with you at the end of next quarter. Thank you. Take care. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Infosys 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
