Persistent Systems Limited, Bhageerath, 402 Senapati Bapat Road, Pune 411 016, Maharashtra, India  
 
CIN - L72300PN1990PLC056696 
Tel:  +91 (20) 6703 5555 | Fax - +91 (20) 6703 6003 | E-mail - info@persistent.com | Website - www.persistent.com  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
NSE & BSE / 2025-26 / 154 
 
      October 20, 2025 
 
The Manager,  
Corporate Services, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai 400 051 
 
Ref: Symbol: PERSISTENT 
The Manager, 
Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
  Ref: Scrip Code: 533179 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of investor/analyst call held on Tuesday, October 14, 2025 
Ref.: Our earlier intimation under Ref. No. NSE & BSE / 2025-26 / 150 dated October 14, 2025 
 
In continuation to the above-referred intimation and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill 
(Para A) (15) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish 
to submit the transcript of the investor/analyst call held on Tuesday, October 14, 2025, for the quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
The transcript of the investor/analyst call is also made available on the Company’s website as follows: 
 
Analyst-call-Transcript-Q2FY26.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Please acknowledge the receipt. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Amit Atre 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No.: ACS 20507 
Amit 
Murari 
Atre
Digitally signed 
by Amit Murari 
Atre 
Date: 2025.10.20 
18:22:59 +05'30'

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“PERSISTENT SYSTEMS EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL, SECOND 
QUARTER, FY26 ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2025” 
6:00 PM IST, Tuesday, 14th October, 2025 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
 
Mr. Anand Deshpande 
Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Mr. Sandeep Kalra 
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr. Vinit Teredesai 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Jaideep Dhok 
Chief Operating Officer 
 
Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi 
Corporare Vice President, Finance and Strategy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Persistent Systems’ Earnings 
Conference Call for the 2nd Quarter of FY26 ended September 30, 2025. We have with 
us on the call today, 
- 
Dr. Anand Deshpande - Chairman and Managing Director,  
- 
Mr. Sandeep Kalra - Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer,  
- 
Mr. Vinit Teredesai - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer,  
- 
Mr. Jaideep Dhok - Chief Operating Officer, and  
- 
Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi – Corporate Vice President, Finance and Strategy.  
Please note, all participants' lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after management's opening remarks. Should you 
need any assistance during the conference call, please raise your hand from the 
Participant tab on the screen. While asking questions, I request you to please identify 
yourself and your company. Please note, this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
over the conference to Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
 
Saurabh Dwivedi: 
Thank you, Vandit. A very good day and good evening to everyone. We sincerely 
appreciate your presence and participation in today's call. I will quickly outline the 
agenda for today's call. Sandeep will begin with an overview of our results and 
commentary on the business. Vinit will take you through the financial details for the 
quarter. Jaideep will provide an overview of our operations and the progress we have 
made on our AI roadmap. I will then provide an overview of our key deal wins along with 
the awards and recognitions for this quarter. Sandeep will come back for a quick 
summary of the prepared remarks, post which we will open the conference for 
questions.  
Let me also remind you that as part of our prepared remarks and during Q&A, we may 
make certain statements which are forward-looking and may involve significant 
uncertainty. Persistent does not take any responsibility to update such forward-looking 
statements and your discretion is warranted while making any investment decision. 
With this, let me hand over to Sandeep for his prepared remarks.  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thanks, Saurabh. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening to everyone joining us 
today, depending on your location. It is good to be with you once again to give an 
update on our quarter gone by.  
Let me start with a brief financial overview.  
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
- 
In Q2 FY26, we delivered revenue of $406.2 million, reflecting 4.2% quarter-on-
quarter growth and 17.6% year-on-year growth. This marks our 22nd sequential 
quarter of growth, bringing our trailing 12-month revenue above $1.5 billion and our 
annualized run rate to $1.6 billion plus.  
- 
In rupee terms, the growth was 7.4% quarter-on-quarter and 23.6% YoY.  
- 
In constant currency terms, the growth for that quarter stood at 4.4% quarter-on-
quarter.  
- 
Our EBIT margin reached 16.3%, driving 12.7% QoQ and 43.7% YoY growth in 
absolute terms. This translates into 230 basis points improvement over the prior 
year's same quarter.  
- 
The profit after tax for the quarter was 13.2%, up 11% quarter-on-quarter and 45.1% 
year-on-year in absolute terms. 
Vinit will give you a detailed color on the financials shortly.  
Turning to our order book: 
- 
The total contract value for the quarter came in at $609.2 million, with new 
bookings at $350.8 million in TCV terms.  
- 
The annual contract value totalled $447.9 million, including $254.4 million from new 
bookings.  
As always, these figures encompass all bookings, small and large, renewals, as well as 
new bookings across existing and new customers. Also, as highlighted in our earlier calls, 
our quarterly revenue realization draws from prior ACV bookings and multi-year TCV 
conversions. 
Coming to the client metrics: 
We saw robust year-on-year growth across key cohorts with: 
- 
Top five clients' revenue up 23.4%,  
- 
Top 10 up 22.4%,  
- 
Top 20 up 22.7%, and  
- 
Top 50 up 21.4%  
In terms of year-on-year movement in client tier: 
- 
Our clients exceeding $75 million annually rose from 3 to 4,  
- 
$50 million-plus held steady at 4,  
- 
$20 million-plus grew from 10 to 12,  
- 
$10 million-plus grew from 21 to 25,  
- 
$5 million-plus grew from 43 to 56, and  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
- 
$1 million-plus grew from 184 to 191.  
This reflects our ongoing success in fostering deeper and more strategic partnerships 
with our customers.  
In terms of geographic performance in YoY terms,  
- 
North America grew by 15.4%,  
- 
Europe grew by 37.9%,  
- 
India grew by 19%, and  
- 
The rest of the world grew by 19.8%.  
In terms of industry segments, this quarter's growth was led by BFSI, followed by 
software hi-tech and emerging industries, and healthcare life sciences, which grew by 
30%, 15.5%, and 6.6%, respectively, on a year-on-year basis.  
 
Coming to a couple of important organizational updates: 
- 
I am pleased to announce that effective October 1, 2025, we have implemented 
merit increments for all our global employees. Vinit will share more details on this 
later.  
- 
Additionally, earlier this quarter, effective August, we promoted Jaideep Dhok to 
Chief Operating Officer. He previously was the Senior Vice President for BFSI, and 
now will oversee delivery excellence, talent supply chain, learning & development, 
alliance and partnerships, while also leading Asia-PAC while advancing our AI 
strategy.  
With this, let me invite Vinit to give you a detailed color on quarterly financials and 
related matters. Vinit, over to you.  
Vinit Teredesai: 
Thank you, Sandeep. Good evening and good day to all. Let me now take you through 
the financial highlights for the quarter gone by.  
- 
Q2 FY26 revenue stood at $406.2 million, registering a year-on-year growth of 
17.6%.  
- 
In rupee terms, it translates to Rs. 35,807.2 million, growth of 23.6% year-on-year. 
- 
EBIT margin for Q2 FY26 came in at 16.3%, 230 basis point improvement year-on-
year.  
- 
In INR terms, EBIT for this quarter was Rs. 5,837.4 million, translating to a growth of 
43.7% year-on-year.  
Let me now give you a quarter-on-quarter EBIT margin walkthrough. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Starting with the tailwinds this quarter.  
- 
Cost associated with software licenses related to one of our large multi-year 
customer engagement, has now gone to zero starting Q2 of this fiscal year and is not 
expected to come back. This planned reduction has helped the margin by 80 basis 
points.  
- 
Favorable currency movement helped the margin by 60 basis points.  
- 
We also benefited to the extent of 30 basis points from planned offshoring in one of 
our large customers in the healthcare domain.  
In terms of headwinds: 
- 
Higher provision for doubtful debts impacted margin by 50 basis points.  
- 
Utilization declined by 50 basis points to 88.2%, leading to an impact of 20 basis 
points on EBIT margins.  
- 
Due to increased Capex on facility and IT, depreciation and amortization expenses 
increased by 20 basis points.  
All these headwinds and tailwinds put together resulted in a net increase of 80 basis 
points in our EBIT margins sequentially.  
Other income was Rs. 58.9 million during this quarter compared to Rs. 187.3 million in 
Q1 mainly due to lower mark-to-market gain on investments. The rupee depreciated 
significantly during Q2 compared to the previous quarter. As a result, we had a higher 
foreign exchange gain of Rs. 272 million this quarter as against Rs. 188.7 million in Q1.  
Effective tax rate for the quarter came in at 23.5%, in the same range as last quarter. As 
discussed in the previous quarter's earnings call, the effective tax rate for FY26 is likely 
to remain in the range of 22.5% to 23.5%. The effective tax rate needs to be looked at 
on a yearly basis as all the seasonal elements will be taken care of only on a yearly basis.  
Profit after tax was Rs. 4,714.7 million, a growth of 45.1% year-on-year. This translates 
to a PAT margin of 13.2%. Earnings per share was Rs. 30.3 per share in Q2 compared to 
Rs. 27.4 per share in the previous quarter. The year-on-year growth in EPS was 43%.  
Excluding cash from capital employed, return on capital employed for Q2 came in at 
45.5% versus 43.8% in the previous quarter. Total cash and investment stood at Rs. 
24,957 million as of September 30, 2025.  
In this quarter, billed DSO came in at 54 days, an improvement of 2 days compared to 
last quarter, while unbilled DSO came in at 21 days, an increase of 1 day compared to 
Q1.  
Our operating cash flow to PAT for Q2 stands at 114.3%.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Forward contracts outstanding as of 30th September 2025 were $475 million at an 
average exchange rate of Rs. 87.8 per dollar.  
As highlighted earlier in this call by Sandeep, effective October 1, 2025, we have rolled 
out increments to all our employees. The increments have been in line with the previous 
years.  
We anticipate an impact of 180 basis points on next quarter's margins due to wage 
hikes. However, on an overall basis, up to 80 to 100 basis points of this impact is 
expected to get offset through a combination of other margin levers, including 
offshoring, utilization, sub-con rationalization, SG&A optimization, and ESOP cost 
reduction.  
Coming to updates on ESG: 
I'm thrilled to announce that our consistent efforts towards enhancing our ESG efforts 
have been recognized by multiple leading rating agencies over the last few quarters, 
elevating us to the best rated amongst the peers.  
Let me give you highlights of some of the recognitions we have received from these 
rating agencies: 
- 
We have been rated AA on the latest MSCI ESG ratings, moving up from BBB, which 
is a jump of two levels in ranking.  
- 
NAC Sustainability Ratings and Analytics has awarded Persistent an ESG rating score 
of 77.  
- 
SES ESG Research Private Limited has awarded Persistent an ESG score of 81.7.  
- 
Dun & Bradstreet has named Persistent as one of India's Leading ESG Entities for 
2025. 
These ratings highlight Persistent’s leadership in effectively managing environmental, 
social, and governance risk and opportunities within the industry, and compare us 
favorably amongst the best-in-class peers globally.  
With this, let me now hand over to Jaideep for commentary on operational aspects and 
AI progress.  
Jaideep Dhok: 
Thanks, Vinit. I'm honored and grateful to be part of this exceptional leadership team, 
and I'm delighted to interact with all of you for the first time in this forum as we discuss 
our performance and the road ahead.  
Let me start with the key operational updates.  
- 
At the end of Q2 FY26, our total headcount reached 26,224, up 884 from the last 
quarter.  
- 
Trailing 12-month attrition improved slightly to 13.8% from 13.9%.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
- 
Utilization stood at 88.2%, down 50 basis points.  
- 
We are committed to individual employee growth through our learning and 
development unit called Persistent University that offers continuous upskilling and 
reskilling programs tailored to our business needs. Besides a strong pursuit of 
internal certifications, we also prioritize external partner certifications. By quarter 
end, we achieved over 23,550 certifications across key hyperscalers such as 
Microsoft Azure, AWS, Google Cloud, and Salesforce.  
- 
Our AI Academy has advanced workforce transformation with a comprehensive AI 
learning framework spanning experience levels, roles, and market demands. This has 
yielded over 4,600 partner certifications and over 8,300 internal AI certifications 
positioning us well for holistic AI adoption.  
Before I begin to share the AI updates, I would like to share an exciting update with you 
all. We recently inaugurated our state-of-the-art experience transformation studio in 
Pune. This creatively infused purpose-built space is designed to accelerate AI-powered 
transformation by integrating design thinking, business strategy, and engineering in an 
immersive environment that fosters innovation and breakthrough business outcomes.  
Let me now move to the AI updates.  
As you would recall, over recent quarters, we have shifted to an AI-led platform-driven 
strategy built on three core pillars:  
- 
AI for Technology that drives engineering hyper-productivity for software 
companies and enterprises, accelerating AI engineering for efficiency and faster time 
to market.  
- 
AI for Business that delivers domain-based business hyper-productivity by 
reimagining workflows including autonomous AI agents across functions and 
industries.  
- 
And finally, Enterprise Data Readiness for AI that builds secure AI-ready data 
foundations with enhanced quality, governance, and overall data lifecycle 
management.  
These pillars are further powered by foundational managed AI services that include AI 
infrastructure services for scalability, workforce transformation for upskilling and 
operating model shifts, and responsible AI for security, privacy, and overall AI 
governance. 
Let me now dive deeper into each of these pillars. 
Starting with AI for Technology updates: 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
We are empowering clients via SASVA, our Generative AI digital engineering platform, 
which streamlines the software lifecycle for measurable gains. Key differentiators of 
SASVA include the on-premise deployment for regulated industries and optimized GPU 
infrastructure to cut the scaling costs. This quarter, we filed 20 new patents, taking the 
overall count to 75 for SASVA.  
To share a recent viewpoint for AI for Technology, for a global cybersecurity firm, we are 
transforming the key product lines leveraging SASVA, reducing the total cost of 
ownership and go-to-market timelines significantly, while boosting the top line, NPS in a 
highly complex setup.  
We continue to advance our ecosystem with new partnerships in this space. We 
partnered with Digital Ocean, a provider of secure, scalable, and affordable private 
cloud for AI deployments. And we also partnered with Anthropic for best-in-class 
models to drive our solutions across AI for technology as well as business.  
Moving to AI for Business updates: 
We are transforming domain workflows into agentic processes such as credit risk and 
fraud detection in banking, drug discovery and patient management in healthcare, and 
customer onboarding and support across multiple industries. We leverage our AI-
powered solutions such as ProcessIntel that are powered by platforms that include the 
likes of Google Agentspace, Salesforce Agentforce, Azure AI Foundry, and Amazon Q.  
ProcessIntel slashes the process to agentic blueprint time from weeks to hours for 
measurable cost and efficiency gains.  
To share a few examples: 
- 
For a US-based financial institution, ProcessIntel analyzed and optimized workflows 
across identified commercial customer onboarding processes. This helped to 
uncover inefficiencies, ensure compliance, and achieve significant savings through 
agentic implementations.  
- 
For a global diagnostic firm, the AWS Bedrock-based agents enabled our client on 
conversational knowledge retrieval and monitoring of over 150 instrument types, 
boosting the productivity for lab technicians and minimizing human interventions.  
Let me now share updates on Enterprise Data Readiness for AI:  
Enterprises face complex data challenges in quality, pipeline, governance, and overall 
costs arising through both organic and inorganic growth, leading to various siloed 
systems and data sources. We are helping Fortune 500 firms with accelerators like iAura 
for AI data orchestration and GenAI Hub for Generative AI prototyping to specifically 
solve these problems and make our clients ready for wider AI adoption.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Let me share two such examples.  
- 
For a leading US healthcare organization, we modernized their legacy data systems 
to advance technologies such as Azure Fabric and Snowflake, migrating thousands of 
users for AI readiness, at the same time yielding year-on-year savings via cost 
efficiencies.  
- 
And for a global travel management firm, we consolidated multi-vendor data on 
Databricks stack, redesigned the models and revamped their user experience for 
highly scalable analytics.  
Coming to AI usage within Persistent as an enterprise.  
Internally at Persistent, we are embedding AI across functions via agentic framework 
that we call ‘Persistent AssIst’. I'm glad to inform that it won two CII National AI Awards 
2025 that included: 
- 
Best Industry Application for Persistent AssIst Framework, and  
- 
Best AI Solution Showcase for IT AssIst, which is an AI-based IT support assistant.  
We have launched 50+ agents in various internal functions such as delivery excellence, 
finance, legal and talent supply chain, gaining measurable savings in turnaround times.  
I'm pleased to announce that we have successfully completed the audit process for AI 
management systems and have been recommended for the ISO 42001 certification. This 
audit process is a structured and multi-stage assessment meant to evaluate and certify 
an organization's AI management systems and reflects our deep commitment as well as 
outcomes in responsible, ethical and effective AI governance.  
We're also recognized as the emerging leader in Gartner's Generative AI Consulting 
Quadrant as well as the leader in Everest Group's 2025 Talent Readiness for Cloud 
Services PEAK Matrix.  
In conclusion, we are pleased with the advancements we are making in our AI journey 
and are confident of accelerating the momentum we have created.  
I would now invite Saurabh for the key deal wins and awards and recognitions.  
Saurabh Dwivedi: 
Thanks, Jaideep.  
Let me now talk about some key deal wins for the quarter.  
Starting with software high-tech and emerging industries, our largest vertical:  
- 
Persistent was selected by one of the fastest growing cloud infrastructure providers 
to accelerate its transformation from a small and medium business focused player to 
an enterprise-grade provider of AI infrastructure and services. This is a large multi-

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
year deal for our AI for Tech initiative led by SASVA, wherein we have established a 
360 degree collaboration with the customer to not only provide engineering 
services, but to also build out its cloud and AI infrastructure platforms for enterprise 
customers, and are also embedding their platform in our offerings to Persistent 
customers.  
- 
Persistent was selected by one of the largest global energy technologies companies 
to take over the development and maintenance responsibilities for its critical grid 
technology platform from one of the existing vendors. The underlying work includes 
setting up an R&D offshore development centre for maintaining and developing the 
asset management platform associated with transformers and switchgears. Our 
track record of successfully delivering on transformation projects related to 
distribution control systems and our SASVA platform capabilities for mitigating the 
transition risk from existing vendors were instrumental in us winning this 
engagement.  
Moving on to Banking Financial Services and Insurance: 
- 
We were selected by a leading American financial services player that provides 
financial record keeping, tax-advantaged savings and retirement plans for IT and 
business process transformation across its product engineering and operations. As 
part of the deal, we will leverage AI tools for tech debt remediation along with 
revamping user experience and developing mobile responsive design platform. You 
may remember that we had won a large multi-year deal with this customer against a 
large tier 1 peer a few quarters back. This latest deal win was on the back of our 
successful track record of delivery on the larger engagement and was not part of a 
competitive process.  
- 
Persistent was selected by one of the largest US-based full-service wealth 
management firms to reimagine its business operations using AI and to modernize 
its platform to improve customer experience. Key outcomes for the customer 
include Gen AI-based relationship management assistant which leverages incident 
history and service insights for the field advisors, and also building a Gen AI 
environment with reusable components and auto sandboxing to fast-track 
development of AI use cases.  
Moving next to our Healthcare and Life Sciences vertical: 
- 
We were chosen by one of the largest healthcare companies in the world to 
modernize its digital presence and elevate engagement with its commercial 
healthcare clients. The deal scope includes legacy modernization, features 
enhancement and upgrades adhering to changing regulatory and compliance 
requirements.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
- 
We were chosen by one of the largest non-profit health systems in the US operating 
a vast network of hospitals, senior living facilities and healthcare services to 
modernize, standardize and consolidate its imaging applications. The benefits to the 
customer include data integrity, reduced outages and seamless interoperability 
between clinical imaging and related ancillary applications, thus resulting in 
improved experience across patients, radiologists and caregivers.  
Now moving on to awards and recognitions we received during the quarter: 
- 
Persistent won the ISG Customer Experience Star Performer Award across six 
categories based on voice of the customer. These showcase Persistent’s deep 
domain expertise and its ability to enable clients across various industries to stay 
ahead in adopting emerging technologies.  
- 
Persistent received Growth Honor of the Year at the Everest Groups Elevate 2025. 
This is an acknowledgement of our market-leading revenue growth amongst publicly 
listed global service providers.  
- 
Persistent was commended for building a future-ready high performing talent 
ecosystem and has received multiple recognitions including the following:  
o We were awarded America's Greatest Workplaces in Tech 2025 by 
Newsweek and Plant-A Insights Group.  
o We received top three honors at the People Matters InfinIT Awards 2025 in 
Tech-Enhanced Workforce Planning, Talent Acquisition Team and HCM 
Innovation.  
o We also won Brandon Hall Gold Award for our architect competency 
development program under the “Best Competency Management Strategy 
category”.  
With this, let me hand it back to Sandeep.  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thanks, Saurabh. I would like to conclude the prepared remarks by saying that we are 
pleased with the consistent performance that we have been able to deliver despite the 
continued macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties through the quarter. We 
remain committed to strengthening our capabilities, including infusing AI across all our 
offerings and proactively engaging with our customers to bring the latest innovations to 
them. We are making steady progress towards our aspiration of reaching $2 billion by 
end of FY27.  
I would also like to take this opportunity to wish all of you and your loved ones a very 
happy and prosperous Diwali. With this, let me now request the Operator to open the 
floor for questions. Operator.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now open the call for the Q&A session. We will wait for few 
minutes until the queue assembles. We will request participants to restrict to two 
questions and then return to the queue for more questions. Please raise your hand from 
the Participant tab on the screen to ask the question.  
 
First question is from Prateek Maheshwari.  
Prateek Maheshwari: Hello Management and hello Sandeep. Thank you so much for the opportunity and 
congratulations on a strong quarter. I've got two questions. So one is first on growth. So 
another good quarter. I wanted to check on the TCV. TCV has picked up quite well, 15% 
growth YoY. However, if you look at the cut to it, it's driven by the ACV growth which is 
quite strong, and also it is actually driven by the existing business growth. So just 
wanted to understand that, while this year again probably it's going to be a strong 
growth year, how do you think this decline in the new TCV would fare us for next year 
which is a $2 billion target. So, first question is that.  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah, so if we were to look at the TCV versus ACV, out of the TCV of $609.2, $350.8 is 
new business. Out of the ACV of $447.9, $254.4 is the new business. And if we were to 
look at historically the ACV, TCV for new, this bodes well. And please remember, if you 
look at the ACV part, the ACV is what is the next 12 months. And when we look at the 
TCV, it is more than 12 months. So, the revenue realization for any period, whether it is 
any quarter, any year, any years, will be a combination of ACV already booked, in-
quarter ACV that we will book from here till that period, and the multi-year deal 
conversion that comes from the TCV. So, we are relatively confident, unless the macro 
and other things pan out differently, this bodes well for the future growth. 
Prateek Maheshwari: Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Sandeep. That's comforting. Just attached to that, just wanted to 
ask that, is it… the color to this TCV and ACV number, is it related to specific one or two 
clients, or is it broad based? And then I had one question also on margins.  
So basically, you guys have done really well on the margins 230 basis point improvement 
YoY, and I think 16% was the target, and you guys have already around there. So just 
wanted to ask whether, how would the decision be for… would you guys now punch 
more for the growth and reinvest more? Just wanted to ask on that as well. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So, the short answer on the second part is, yes, on the margin trajectory, we have 
traversed very well. We had said two years back that we wanted to be 200 to 300 basis 
points above where we were, and we are nicely trajecting on that. At some point in 
time, you know, we have to obviously not try to optimize beyond a certain percentage. 
We have grown very well. We need to continue the growth. The growth happens, 
everything else comes along with it. And this is a changing environment. AI will need 
investments. So, we are happy with the progress. We will take it a little bit higher as we 
can, and we'll make sure that we are investing in the growth and capabilities as we go. 
So that is the part on that.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
And in terms of the bookings, et cetera, so it's not driven by one or two customers. It's a 
broad-based growth. And so, we are pretty happy with the way the quarter turned out 
and the way the pipeline is. It's also a pretty broad-based pipeline.  
Prateek Maheshwari: Thank you, Sandeep.  
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Sandeep Shah.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for an all-round show in 
this quarter. And Sandeep, first question is, this is the sixth quarter in a row where we 
are doing significantly better in terms of BFSI and Europe, where both these segments 
have grown at a high single-digit for six quarters in a row. So, what different we are 
doing and what is leading that? And are they inter-related to each other?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, Sandeep, they're not related to each other. The growth in Europe is driven by some 
of our hi-tech customers where we're doing… where we had won significantly large 
deals and they have ramped up. So, that is as far as the de-linking between the BFSI 
Europe growth is concerned. As far as BFSI is concerned, again, as Jaideep mentioned in 
his comments, we had won certain deals in different set of customers. So, we had won a 
fairly large deal, a consolidation deal against a tier 1. Similarly, about two years back, we 
were brought in as a challenger in one of the fairly large Fortune 100 customers from a 
financial services perspective. That has also ramped up very well for us. And the existing 
customers, the fintech customers, et cetera, that we have. So, it's a pretty broad-based 
set of wins which have ramped up. And on an overall quarterly basis also, we have 
added to the wins. So, it's broad-based wins across fintech, banks, other aspects of 
financial services, etc. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just the last follow-up question. In the healthcare, we were calling out some 
client-specific issues. That pain is largely over or you still believe healthcare can 
continue to remain dynamic?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, I wouldn't characterize it as we were suffering from any ‘pain’ or something. When 
you book larger deals, larger deals typically go through those cycles of where you're 
ramping up, you're offshoring, you're optimizing, and then you are carrying on with 
more wins, etc., and so on. So, if you look at what we had said the last quarter as well, 
we had said that over a period of time, healthcare will also grow back. So that's where it 
is. And we are offshoring in some of the larger wins we had, and we have a fairly good 
pipeline. So, nothing to worry about any particular customer or any set of customers in 
healthcare. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Thanks and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nitin Padmanabhan.  
Nitin Padmanabhan: Thanks for the opportunity, and congrats on the quarter. Sandeep, last quarter, you 
were a little worried about uncertainties. How do you see things now? Have things 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
improved directionally? Deal wins also seem to be pretty good. So just want your 
thoughts on how do you see the broader outlook, at least from a demand perspective? 
Does it seem to have improved? Any color from a vertical perspective will be helpful. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
As far as the demand environment is concerned and the bigger macro is concerned, the 
macro remains interesting and it keeps on going through its own challenges. You may 
have heard the multiple news that keeps on coming up weeks and quarters in the US. 
So, I wouldn't say that the environment is changing that much, but I think the people are 
getting used to working in that environment. And so, the pipeline is good. The pipeline, I 
would say it's broad-based and that is reflecting in our order wins. And I'm hopeful that 
the industry should also be showing good order wins as we go along. So, from that 
perspective, things are changing. People are opening up a little bit more. And we should 
see across the various industry verticals. And we have said earlier as well, as far as we 
are concerned, we are seeing BFSI lead the growth based on the wins that we have, the 
ramp ups that we are seeing, the future pipeline that we are seeing, followed by hi-tech. 
We have some nice wins that we had in the quarter gone by and we have a good 
pipeline. And healthcare is going back to growth after one quarter of a dip, which was 
more kind of to do with few deals, offshoring and so on and so forth.  
So overall, we are relatively confident. Within the same environment, we should be able 
to work closely with our customers. It's about execution. Whoever can execute better in 
this environment will do better. So, that's where it is.  
Nitin Padmanabhan: Super, that's very helpful. Thank you so much, Sandeep, and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Ravi Menon.  
Ravi Menon: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a pretty broad-based growth. We wanted 
to understand what's the impact of AI on, especially the renewals where you're signing. 
Is there enough velocity to offset any productivity benefits that you're giving?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah, so I would say it's early days for AI to be significantly impacting the renewals. The 
way it is happening is, yes, we are proactively, even before renewals come. So we are 
not waiting for renewals for someone to come and wake us up and say, hey, this is a 
renewal deal and now what will you do with AI? Wherever we can go proactively to our 
customers, and we have a program in the company where we are focused on the top 
100 customers in a very rigorous manner, top 100 customers give us 82% plus of our 
revenues, we are proactively taking AI-led propositions, whether it is our existing book 
of business, whether it is newer ideas that we have. So, from that perspective, the 
proactivity has helped us. We are positioned very well to capture unfair market share of 
the AI initiatives in our customer base. And that's where if you look at our order wins as 
well, whether it's a TCV, ACV, and the consistency of converting that TCV and ACV to 
revenue over several, several quarters, that's where our efforts proactively, whether it's 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
AI or otherwise, has helped us. So far it has not negatively impacted us and we hope it 
remains that way by proactively approaching the customers.  
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks so much for that. And given your margins have improved, I'd say, much better 
than we had expected and earlier, when do you think we need to cool down utilization a 
bit? Because where we are now, subcontracting has moved up a little bit right now. And 
if demand comes back, would you be still comfortable with this level of utilization?  
Vinit Teredesai: 
So, Ravi, utilization is just a factor of the demand and supply situation. At this point of 
time, looking at the market, looking at our ability to hire from the market and deploy it 
back on these positions, I think we are very much comfortable. So, we will continue to 
remain in this range for quite a while. And we have mentioned that over a period of 
time, the comfortable utilization position will be somewhere between 83 to 85%. At this 
point of time, at least for the next few quarters, we anticipate the utilization levels to 
remain pretty much at that rate.  
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks so much. Best of luck.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Manik Taneja.  
Manik Taneja: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for the steady performance. I 
actually just wanted to get your thoughts on a couple of internals. If I look at our 
revenue split up, we had basically seen a significant increase in our software license 
revenues through the more recent quarters. And this quarter, that number essentially 
has come off. And with the comment that you made around completion of pass-through 
or software licenses with some large customer, are those two things related? That's 
question number one.  
The second question was with regards to, while you called out for the quantum or the 
impact of wage hikes that you are implementing for your workforce, if you could help us 
with the quantum of wage hikes and how do they compare with, possibly, what you've 
given in the more recent past?  
Vinit Teredesai: 
So, there are two things. When you are talking about the revenue reference to the 
software license, there are two components of it. One, as you know, that we have a 
couple of proprietary products and plus our SASVA licenses, which are sold in the form 
of licenses. So that constitutes the revenue part. Many times they are sold off in a direct 
fashion and that's where they are sort of visible there. Sometimes they are basically 
incorporated as a part and parcel of our overall large deal. So, it's not an apple-to-apple 
comparison necessarily on that. The aspect which I mentioned in reference to the cost, 
it is not linked to the revenue that you are getting. This is a part and parcel of a larger 
commitment that we had made a couple of years back as a part of the large deal. And 
that license commitment is now coming to an end. It's not necessarily that every license 
that we consume is basically in the form of a resell. Sometimes it's part and parcel of our 
own consumption also.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Vinit, just a clarification on this one. So, we've seen the purchase of software license and 
support charges go up to almost between 6.5% to 7% of revenues and 6% in the current 
quarter compared to possibly 2.5% to 3% in the prior years. Do we think this number 
goes back to those historical numbers?  
Vinit Teredesai: 
It all depends upon how some of the deals get structured and the commercial construct 
around it works around. So, I don't want to right now call out that there is any specific 
trend that we need to focus upon. The current range what you have seen for the last 
couple of quarters is what you can assume will continue in the next few quarters also.  
Sandeep Kalra: 
So Manik, let me just add to that. So, if you look at it, this entire tech services industry is 
moving in a slightly different manner going ahead. So, if you've heard of a concept called 
‘software as a service’, now people are talking of ‘service as a software’. What it means 
is if you are to do AI-led transformations, some of the things people will basically have 
where you will bundle an entire end-to-end solution, which includes a software. 
Software ARR will also flow through providers like us. The service is on top and you are 
responsible for the outcome. Maybe you are pricing on an outcome basis, but you're 
bringing the entire stack together, whether it's a Salesforce stack, whether it is a startup 
related stack, whether it's your own homegrown solutions that you're pricing as a part 
of the whole thing. So, the future is in that direction. Having said that, obviously that is 
the direction that will be over the next several quarters and years. So, right now, too 
early to say whether 6 goes to three or 6 goes to 16. That will depend on where the 
entire AI plus other transformation and the business models move. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. Thank you, Sandeep, for those thoughts.  
Vinit Teredesai: 
Yeah, with reference to your second question, with reference to the wage impact, as I 
said that the wages are in line with what we have provided. They are in line with the 
industry standard and pretty much in line with what we have provided to our employees 
last year. 
Manik Taneja: 
Thanks, Vinit.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vibhor Singhal. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats team for a very solid performance 
yet again. Sandeep, just wanted to pick your brain on the Healthcare vertical. It has 
been basically the cornerstone of our growth over the past few quarters. Going forward, 
of course, I'm sure it's going to pick up in momentum again. But at the macro level, 
there have been concerns about some of the headwinds that the vertical is facing, 
especially in the government spend front because of the big beautiful bill. What is our 
conversation in this vertical like with the clients? And how do you see the pipeline of 
deals in this vertical standing where we are today?  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So Vibhor, you are right. So, this sector has been an impacted sector, if I may say so, in 
simple terms, from the various decisions under the Big Beautiful bill and other things 
that the new regime has undertaken. Now, the reaction from that from our customers is 
that's the hand that has been dealt to them. Now, they have to deal with that in the 
best possible way, whether it is about redoing their supply chains, whether it is about 
redoing their cost basis. Because if a number of our customers, let's say scientific 
instruments and medical devices, where these people, their equipment, their software 
is consumed by research labs, universities, many other systems, hospital systems and 
others who have grants and so on, which are impacted by whatever has happened in 
the last, you know, 3-6 months. Now, if they have to optimize for it, they need to be 
much more efficient. And that's where we are trying to be a part of the solution, 
working closely with them.  
And so the pipeline is good. We have to execute. And overall, wherever… you know, in 
any industry, if there's a stress or there's an acceleration, there is good work for tech 
services. So, we'll have to figure out our own, you know, revenue pools, which we are 
working on, and they should work well for us.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
Great, that's great to hear. So, any diversification strategy that you are planning, 
because of, let's say, this may be a temporary headwind? Maybe in healthcare vertical, 
you want to diversify into some other domains which we have not charted into, or some 
other vertical beyond the three verticals that we have already?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, see, healthcare, again, it's not one monolithic vertical, there are four different, you 
know, segments in that. There's scientific instruments, medical devices. These are right 
from equipment makers for the hospitals and so on, so forth, to smaller medical devices. 
The second one is pharma. The third one is payer. The fourth one is provider. Each one 
of them has a different dynamic, somewhat cross-linked as well. So, we have distinct 
teams, as we had said on earlier earnings calls. Today, our healthcare vertical is at $100 
million a quarter. We are sub-verticalizing this. And as we get to our $5 billion over the 
next 4-5 years, we should be at, you know, $100 million per quarter in every sub-
vertical. So, we are going deeper with respect to our capabilities, etc. And we are seeing 
a good response from our customers, good pipeline being developed. So, I don't think it 
is a question of now, in the shorter run, trying to have more verticals and being sub-
scale in every vertical. It is about going deeper into verticals and sub-verticals and 
becoming more predominant. So that's where it is.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it, got it. Just one last quick question for Vinit. Vinit, with the strong margin 
performance that we have shown, our guidance of 200 to 300 basis point margin 
expansion over the next 2-3 years, does that also stand? Or basically, where are we on 
that?  
Vinit Teredesai: 
Yeah, I would say, if you look at it, last year, we delivered a margin of 14.7%. If you look 
at that trajectory, we are probably in the 15 point… somewhere around 15.9 to 16%. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Next quarter, there might be a little bit of an impact on the account of the points I 
mentioned, particularly on the wage impact. But on an overall note, if we are looking at 
our current trajectory, we are looking at 100 basis point improvement in FY26, and 
probably another 100 basis point in FY27. That's what we have mentioned. So pretty 
much on track as far as that trajectory is concerned.  
As Sandeep called out, after that, we'll take a call in terms of the focus and priority will 
be on growth. But at the same time, we'll try to see if there are any levers available and 
opportunities available, we'll try to optimize on the margins also, wherever possible. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it, got it. Great, thank you so much for taking my questions, and wish you all the 
best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Shrenik Mehta. Hi Shrenik, requesting you to 
unmute and ask your question. 
Shrenik Mehta:  
Hi, so fantastic results. Thanks for such a great performance. Just wanted to ask how 
much of this margin expansion that we are seeing here is coming from your realized 
pricing piece versus other components like a mix or offshore or a pyramid kind of a 
rebuild piece?  
Vinit Teredesai: 
So, if I understand your question correctly, you want a dissection in terms of how much 
is driven by offshoring and how much is driven by pricing, etc., right? Am I right?  
Shrenik Mehta: 
Actual price increases that you do with your customers.  
Vinit Teredesai: 
See, in terms of offshoring, if you look at it, our ratio in terms of our offshore headcount 
has been in the 85% range that has been largely driven… you know, that has remained 
in that range of more 85%. And we think it's at the optimum level and continue to 
remain at the optimum level.  
Anything in terms of pricing, we continue to go. We have COLA clauses that are being 
defined as a part and parcel of our contract. We take the customer into confidence 
before we implement that. We go with the right role, right pricing strategy whereby we 
go and ask the customer for tenured resources who have been working with them for a 
longer period of time, go and ask for incremental pricing if these resources need to 
continue for even longer period of time. So, all of these levers are at play at multiple 
points of time. There is no specifically one focus area that continues to remain. I can 
only say, if you look at all the realization and the cash conversion that is happening, all 
of our profits are basically getting converted and getting realized also. 
Shrenik Mehta:   
Yeah. I mean, your margins in the last 3-4 quarters have been improving. So, you see 
that trajectory in a similar manner in the next few quarters?  
Vinit Teredesai: 
So, see, we don't give forward-looking guidance. We have mentioned, aspirationally, we 
wanted to improve our margin by 200 to 300 basis points. We are already running 100 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
basis points up this year. There's a possibility of another 100 basis point we will try to 
improve in FY27, which will bring us to that 200-300 basis point improvement range. 
After that, as Sandeep has called out, growth will be priority. And on the way, if we can 
improve the margins, we'll focus on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Aditya Vikram. Hi, Aditya, requesting you to 
unmute and ask your question. 
Aditya Vikram: 
No, all my questions are answered. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Mehta Bhavik.  
Bhavik Mehta: 
Hi, thank you. So, a couple of questions. Firstly, we had very strong deal wins this time. 
So, do you expect that the growth momentum could accelerate in the second half 
because of that? Or do you think the normal season will be played out and hence we 
shouldn't expect much acceleration?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Bhavik, you know, we don't give forward-looking guidance. So, I won't kind of comment 
on that. Facts and figures are there in front of you.  
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. The second question is on AI. I understand that you're proactively providing to 
clients with solutions, doing proactive reach-outs. I'm sure clients will be asking for 
productivity benefits leading to pricing deflation. Is that a fair assumption to make right 
now? Or you're not seeing much pricing deflation play out as of now?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
I don't think it's a question of pricing deflation. So, the way it works in some other cases 
is it's the scope, inflation-deflation, that is the case. It is not about the pricing per unit. 
So, if you look at the overall scope, if we are able to impact that by doing AI-led 
transformations or by bringing in SASVA if we can do things better, faster, and lesser 
human manpower-related thing, it brings the overall cost there. But if you look at our 
billing rates as well, whatever we give us realization if you look at the details of 
whatever we share, it's fairly consistently moving up.  
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Got it. That's helpful. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Abhishek Kumar. Okay. I think we have lost Abhishek. The 
next question is from Manik Taneja. 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi. Thank you for the follow-up opportunity. This question was with regards to our 
segmental margins. When I look at our segmental margin trends over the course of last 
several quarters, it appears you've made a significant improvement on the tech side. If 
you could help us understand what may be driving that, that will be helpful.  
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, I'll take a stab, and Vinit, if you want to add. So, if you look at the tech side, that is 
where if you look at the deal wins we have been announcing, we've been announcing 
deal wins which are based on our utilization of AI tool that we have developed, the 
platform that we have developed like SASVA. Now, when we do that, we are able to win 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
the deals against competitive landscape, use lesser manpower combined with 
technology, but we are able to get the realization which is better than just, you know, 
plain simple, what people realization would have been. So that's where our profitability 
improvement is coming. So hopefully that makes sense to you.  
Manik Taneja: 
The last one, Sandeep, basically from my end is that, if I look at our headcount split 
across geographies, we see that over the course of last 12 months, we've seen a 
significant improvement or increase in our India-based headcount as compared to the 
trend that we are seeing in the prior 18 to 24 months when we stepped up the North 
American headcount. Given the current situation, do you think what we've seen in the 
course of last 12 months is what is going to continue over the foreseeable future?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah, so look, there are structural changes that will happen in our industry, whether it is 
because of the H-1B regulations or otherwise. And if you look at Persistent, we were 
never dependent on H-1Bs. So having said that, the headcount in a geography like US 
also depends at points in time based on the larger deals that we win. Initially, we need 
higher headcount there, then we optimize, and then comes the next deal and so on and 
so forth. I don't foresee, as of this point in time, any major change for Persistent per se. 
We may invest in near-shore centers or onshore centers, but as we are growing in 
percentage terms, I don't think it will be structurally very far from where we are. The 
headcount may increase, but the percentage-wise, it may not increase significantly 
differently. It may have a few percentage points here or there.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Abhishek Kumar.  
Abhishek Kumar: 
Yeah, hi. Good evening, Sandeep and very good quarter. You know, all the larger peers 
are also talking a lot about investing in AI platform, AI-led services, etc. Now, we have 
won a large deal in financial services against a tier 1 incumbent. The question is, when it 
comes to taking on these larger peers, what is our right to win? Is it that our AI 
proposition is better than them, because they have the mindshare of those large 
customers, they have the domain expertise, and now they are talking about AI? Or is it 
just nimbleness and sales focus?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah, so Abhishek, good question. But if you look at a slightly longer range, if you look at 
the last four years, our compounded annual growth rate is about 25%. So, if you look at 
that last 8 quarters, 16 quarters, CQGR, there's a significant outperformance Persistent 
has set. So, when I said four years, the reason I wanted to say four years is AI fever that 
we see everyone talking about AI is the last two years. And I would still believe that the 
AI-led revenues for everyone are not in double-digit percentages as of this point in time. 
So, so far, we have had the capability over the last several, several years, even from the 
time we went IPO till now, if you look at it, we have had 17%+ CAGR. So that is relatively 
much different than many of the others. So, whether it is traditional work or AI-related 
work or capabilities, whether it was software or OPD kind of work, or it is data and AI, 
we have been consistently building capabilities. So, I'm not worried about anybody and 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
everybody building AI capabilities. It has to be the way. That is the way the whole 
industry is going, so everyone has to build those capabilities. We have to build them 
faster than the fastest competition and move faster in terms of our go-to market, be 
closer to our customers and provide them differentiated services, differentiated 
experience. And that's what has led to us being brought in as a challenger in the Fortune 
500 kind of landscape in the last several years. And if you look at the scaling we have 
done, it's all based on good customers for capabilities. So, everyone can build AI. We'll 
build it faster than them.  
Abhishek Kumar: 
No, that's good to hear. Thank you. That's all from my side. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. In case there are any closing comments… 
Sandeep Kalra: 
I think we are at end of hours. So, from our perspective, look, we are confident of 
delivering the growth that we have done over the last several years. And we look 
forward to giving you the updates as we go along in about three months. Thank you for 
your participation and a very Happy Diwali to all of you once again.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much to the Persistent Management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on 
behalf of Persistent Systems Limited, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines and exit the webinar. Thank you. 
 
 
Please note that this transcript has been edited for readability. 
