6th November 2025 
BSE Limited   
Phiroze JeeJeeBhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
SCRIP CODE: 523367 
SCRIP CODE: DCMSHRIRAM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached Transcript of Investors’ Earning Call on 
the Unaudited Financial Results (both Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter and half 
year ended 30th September 2025 held on 30th October 2025. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
The 
said 
Transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
i.e.,
https://www.dcmshriram.com/  
Yours faithfully, 
For DCM Shriram Limited 
(Deepak Gupta) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As Above 
Sub 
: Transcript of Investors’ Earnings Call 
DEEPAK 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
DEEPAK GUPTA 
Date: 2025.11.06 
15:35:36 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
DCM Shriram Limited 
Q2 FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to DCM Shriram Limited Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Rangnekar. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you, Renju. Good evening and welcome to DCM Shriram Limited's quarter 2 
and first half FY '26 earnings conference call. Today, we have with us Mr. Ajay 
Shriram, Chairman and Senior Managing Director; Mr. Ajit Shriram, Joint Managing 
Director; Mr. Aditya Shriram, Deputy Managing Director; and Mr. Amit Agarwal, 
Group CFO of the company. 
We shall commence with remarks from Mr. Ajay Shriram and Mr. Ajit Shriram. 
Members of the audience will get an opportunity to ask their queries to the 
management following these comments during the interactive question-and-answer 
session. Before we begin, please note that some of the statements made on 
today's call could be forward-looking in nature, and a note to that effect has been 
included in the conference call invitation that has been circulated earlier and is 
available on the stock exchange websites. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Ajay Shriram to give us a brief overview. Over to you, 
sir. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you, Siddharth. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and a very warm 
welcome to all of you. I hope you all had a great festive season. I will commence 
with perspectives on the business environment and the strategic updates, post 
which Ajit will share views on the financial performance.  
The global economy continues to demonstrate resilience amidst persistent volatility 
and evolving policy landscapes. While recent quarters saw growth holding above 
recessionary thresholds, headline risks such as higher tariffs, renewed policy 

 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
uncertainty, and 
ongoing geopolitical disruptions remain critical factors, 
continuously reshaping the outlook. 
Although inflationary pressures are set to moderate further, downside risks from 
the trade frictions, supply chain disruptions, shifting alliances, and fluctuating 
financial markets persist. India has stood out, given strong anchors of domestic 
consumption and structural reforms. The GST 2.0, constituted in late September, 
brings down tax burden on an array of goods, thereby enhancing affordability and 
stimulating consumption.  
RBI too is taking adequate steps to complement the government to spur growth. 
The growing confidence in the country's economic and growth trajectory, improved 
financial metrics, and modest external vulnerabilities is underlined by successive 
foreign rating upgrades. While U.S. tariff presents immediate headwinds, the crisis 
also gives an opportunity to driving supply chain upgrades, the push for value-
added manufacturing, and a greater alignment with alternate global partners.  
DCM Shriram remains well set to gain advantage in this environment, given our 
augmented product mix in key business segments, and attention to efficiencies and 
cost optimization. In today's fast-paced business world, we are focused on making 
our businesses more agile. We plan to grow our core and existing businesses by 
integrating our operations, both by securing our supply chains and getting closer to 
our customers. 
This is making our business stronger, reduce risks, and give us a competitive 
advantage in a tough market. With a view on underlining long-term growth, we 
continue to support sustainability as a core principle across our initiatives, 
processes, and endeavours. I shall now invite your attention to industry dynamics 
across our businesses. 
First is Chemicals.  
Globally, caustic soda continues to experience growth driven by demand from 
industries like alumina, textiles, and chemicals. The industry is, however, facing 
challenges like fluctuating prices due to economic factors, geopolitical uncertainty, 
and increased energy costs in regions like Europe. 
While demand remains strong in Asia Pacific, supply chain disruptions and 
regulatory impacts are creating a mixed global outlook. Indian caustic soda market 
continues to be oversupplied, with current capacity of ~6.5 million metric tons 

 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
operating at about 75%. Chlorine prices also have been under pressure, with 
impacted demand of chlorine derivatives. 
U.S. tariffs are not likely to have a direct impact on caustic. However, an indirect 
impact cannot be ruled out due to chlorine down streams and consuming industries 
like alumina, textiles, dyes, and agrochemicals. Overall, prices are expected to 
remain range-bound. 
Domestic hydrogen peroxide demand is presently at 220,000 tons per annum and 
growing at a steady rate of 5% to 6%. Domestic market remained oversupplied, 
with ramp-up and commissioning of new capacities coupled with cheap imports 
from Bangladesh of around 25,000-30,000 tons per annum. Our hydrogen peroxide 
plant has stabilized and we have now started working towards capacity ramp-up 
and value additions in our products. 
We have commissioned 35,000 tons per annum Epichlorohydrin facility at Bharuch 
in the current month. Further, we are confident of operationalizing balance 17,000 
tons per annum capacity shortly and ramp-up will happen in the next few quarters. 
ECH market is looking strong with good domestic demand and a strong sizeable 
global trade across the geographies. 
We are working to expand our sales network to competitive markets like the U.S. 
and EU. We have taken full control of Hindusthan Speciality Chemicals Limited in 
August '25. HSCL acquisition will accelerate our growth into advanced material 
segments while also supporting caustic capacity utilization. 
The Board has approved a proposed acquisition of Salt works with an installed 
capacity of 2.1 lakh metric tons per annum in the state of Gujarat, closer to our 
Bharuch plant, at an investment of approximately INR175 crore. This will also 
involve certain regulatory approvals. The acquisition presents a strategic 
opportunity to backward integrate one of the key raw materials for the business and 
it will meet around 13% of our total salt demand. 
We will continue with our endeavour to explore more such opportunities. These 
acquisitions and projects exemplify our strategy of integrating our business 
operations with the objective to capture larger value chain through forward and 
backward integration. Work on aluminium chloride, calcium chloride capacities at 
Bharuch and the 68 megawatt green power project at Kota continue as per Board 
approval. 

 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Vinyl 
Global demand for PVC remains sluggish, driven by limited growth in residential 
construction and infrastructure requirements and pricing stays soft. You saw soft 
demand in line with summer holidays with largely stable prices. Chinese sentiment 
also stayed soft given weaker downstream requirements. 
India demand was lower by 8% in the quarter versus last year, owing to the wettest 
monsoon in over a decade. The imports during the quarter were impacted in view 
of impending anti-dumping duty announcement. The DGTR has released PVC anti-
dumping duty final findings in the month of August proposing varying duties on 
PVC resin imports, with the duty ranging from $122 to $177 per metric ton. 
The implementation may take about a month or two to get notified by the Ministry 
of Finance. With the end of the monsoon season, domestic demand for PVC and 
carbide is expected to improve with the resumption of construction activities and 
agricultural demand.  
Sugar and Ethanol 
Global sugar supply over demand for sugar season 2025-'26 is expected to be a 
surplus of approximately 4 million metric tons mainly due to expected surplus 
production in India by about 3 million metric tons. 
The Indian sugar season '25-'26 is expected to end with a stock of 8.5 million 
metric tons with production estimates of 31.5 million metric tons after diversion of 
~3.5 million metric tons for ethanol production and consumption of 28.4 million 
metric tons. Current prices are around INR4,070 per quintal and expected to be 
range-bound.  
The government of Uttar Pradesh has announced an SAP increase of INR30 per 
quintal of sugarcane for the next season. This will support sugarcane farmers and 
improve crop economics. Given the inventory levels and increase in costs in the 
next season, there is a need to support sugar prices with incentivized exports, as 
well as minimum selling price of sugar along with reducing the country liquor 
obligation. 
On the ethanol front, as of 30th September 2025, ethanol blending in petrol has 
reached 19.17% and is on course to achieve target at 20%. The industry continues 
to contest the export levies on ethanol which is exported outside Uttar Pradesh with 
the matter being heard in the courts. Further, the industry is taking up matter of 

 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
lower allocation of ethanol by OMCs for sugarcane based ethanol at 28% vis-à-vis 
34% in the last season along with increase in prices and ethanol blending. 
Fenesta Building Systems 
We are strategically increasing market presence by enhancing our portfolio in the 
building material space and increasing our reach to ensure everlasting experience 
for our customers. Fenesta continues to deliver volume growth while the margins 
are seeing a realignment on the back of change in the product portfolio. Our recent 
acquisition of DNV Global allows us to expand our range placing us as an 
integrated solution provider within building material space. Meanwhile, our 
aluminum extrusion plant project at Kota is advancing as per schedule. 
Moving on, the agri-input business portfolio comprises of Shriram Farm Solutions, 
fertilizers and the Bioseed businesses.  
Shriram Farm Solutions 
Shriram Farm Solutions first. The SFS business continues to deliver double-digit 
top-line growth with healthy margins. The growth is driven by volumes across the 
crop protection and seeds vertical with our research wheat seed further 
strengthening its leadership position. 
Our continued focus is on innovation led by the launch of three new products in Q2, 
including two developed through our in-house R&D under the speciality plant 
nutrition segment. With improved soil moisture owing to heavy rainfall towards the 
quarter end supporting Rabi sowing, farmer sentiment remains positive. We 
continue to maintain focus on R&D collaborations and exclusive partnerships to 
bring global new age products to farmers in India. 
Fertilizer 
Urea business continues to be stable, and the company continues to make efforts 
towards improvements in energy consumption, maximizing urea production, as well 
as control on fixed costs. Subsidy payouts are regular as per budget allocation by 
the Government of India. 
Bioseed 
Bioseed business has taken a strategic domestic channel shift by reducing focus 
on low margin institutional businesses. We continue to focus on research driven 
portfolio of hybrid seeds. This year, with excessive rains, Kharif corn volumes were 

 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
impacted. Cotton was also significantly impacted due to low prices, as well as 
another unregulated variety in the market. The business is positive towards Rabi 
crops owing to healthy rainfall in the current monsoon. I will now request Ajit to 
provide the financial perspectives. Ajit, over to you. 
Ajit Shriram: 
Thank You. Good evening everyone. I will now take you through the financial 
highlights of Q2 and H1 FY ‘26. Net revenues, net of excise duty for Q2 FY ‘26 
were at INR3,272 crore versus INR2,957 crore in Q2 FY ’25, an increase of 11% 
year-on-year driven by the Chemicals, Fenesta and Shriram Farm Solutions 
businesses. PBDIT for Q2 FY ‘26 was at INR408 crore versus INR235 crore in Q2 
FY ’25, an increase of 74% year-on-year. 
Chemicals 
The business reported an increase in revenue of 50% year-on-year led by caustic 
soda volumes that were up 22% on account of the new 850 tons per day and flaker 
plant capacity utilization and also better prices. New projects commissioned in the 
recent years that is hydrogen peroxide, aluminum chloride and refined glycerine 
also supported the growth. PBDIT increased by 195% owing to lower input prices 
coupled with operating efficiencies that led to the improvement in cost structure. 
The segment continues to see good demand of caustic, however excess capacity 
in India is creating pressure on products especially chlorine. There was a 
significant positive impact of INR76 crore on account of subsidy from Government 
of Gujarat in relation to projects that were commissioned in FY 2017. 
Vinyl 
The revenues increased by 15% year-on-year on account of higher volumes 
despite subdued prices in the current period. PBDIT was lower at INR12 crore, as 
compared to INR16 crore last year due to lower prices despite better operating 
efficiencies due to power and carbon material. 
Sugar and Ethanol 
Sugar and Ethanol businesses revenue net of excise duty was lower by 6% year-
on-year. Volumes of both Sugar and Ethanol were down by 9% and 13%, 
respectively. In both the cases it is a timing difference. Prices of sugar were up 5%. 
PBDIT for the segment came in at INR33 crore as against INR14 crore last year. In 
Q2 FY ‘26 there was a significant positive impact of INR15.5 crore on upward 
revision of power tariff by UPPCL with effect from April 1, 2024. 

 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Fenesta Building Systems 
Fenesta Building Systems revenues increased by 28% year-on-year with project 
verticals leading the growth. PBDIT for the quarter was slightly up by 2% and 
margins were lower. This was due to product mix and higher fixed expenses for 
setting up of new revenue platforms, higher marketing expenses and enhancing 
capacities. 
Shriram Farm Solutions 
Shriram Farm Solutions revenues increased by 27% year-on-year supported by 
volumes in research wheat and crop production verticals. Prices were also better 
across the verticals. PBDIT for the quarter was higher by 47% on account of better 
margins in research wheat despite higher marketing expenses focused on 
strengthening of the Shriram brand and higher research and development 
expenditure. There was an early start to the research wheat sales hence this has 
an element of timing difference. 
Fertilizer  
Fertilizer revenues were down 8% year-on-year. Volumes were up 2% while 
realizations were low by 10%. Gas prices were down at $13.3 MMBTU in Q2 FY 
‘26 versus $15.3 MMBTU last year. Consequently, PBDIT was also down 18% in 
the quarter. Outstanding fertilizer subsidy was at INR187 crore on 30th September 
2025 as against INR12 crore last year. 
Bioseed 
Bioseed revenues for the quarter was at INR86 crore as against INR159 crore last 
year. Being a seasonal business, it should be analyzed on a half yearly basis 
wherein the revenue stood at INR370 crore versus INR377 crore in H1 ‘25. PBDIT 
for H1 ‘26 stood at INR35 crore versus INR47 crore last year. The decline in PBDIT 
is partially a timing difference, as well as lower volumes of cotton and corn. 
Coming to the highlights of H1 FY ‘26, for the half year ended 30th September, 
2025, revenue net of excise duty was at INR6,534 crore, an increase of 12% year-
on-year, contributed by all the businesses with slight moderation in Sugar and 
Ethanol and Bioseed businesses. PBDIT came in at INR734 crore, an increase of 
44% year-on-year, led by Chemicals and Shriram Farm Solutions businesses. 
The company's net debt at INR773 crore as on September 30, 2025 as against 
INR302 crore as on September 30, 2024 and INR1,395 crore as on March 31, 

 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
2025. The year-on-year increase was because of capital expenditure over the last 
one year, acquisitions made during the period and increase in urea subsidy. Over 
March 25, the decline is primarily because of reduction in sugar inventory.  
Return on capital employed for September 2025 came in at 15%, similar to the 
levels last year. The Board announced an interim dividend of 180%, amounting to 
INR 56.14 crore. As our key investments in the chemical segment approach 
completion, our strong balance sheet, robust cash flows position, as well as to 
pursue value chain opportunities aligned with our core businesses. We are 
optimistic about maintaining healthy and stable growth in the future. 
That concludes my opening remarks and I request the moderator to please open 
the forum for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question comes on the line of Ahmed Madha with Unifi 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. I have a few questions. To start with the Farm 
Solutions business, the Q2 was very strong. Is it fair to assume there is some pre-
buying or channel inventory filling for the next quarter's performance in Q2? Is 
there any pre-buying that sort of a trend has been playing out, or is this organic for 
Q2 and the season is ahead of us? 
Ajay Shriram: 
Well, in Shriram Farm Solutions actually on our wheat seeds, every year we do 
have a pre-sale. That is part of the strategy we adopt. Because we have to give an 
advance even for the purchase of seeds from the farmers who source and grow it 
for us, as well as from the entire dealership network whom we sell the seeds to. So 
we do have a pre-sale, which is part of our business strategy. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay. Understood. Regarding to the Hindusthan Chemicals acquisition, can you 
give some sense of the contribution? I know there has been just 1 month of 
consolidation. But what was the contribution in Q2 from the business in terms of 
revenue as well as I am assuming there will be some losses? So, that contribution 
will help. And secondly, how do you see the ramp-up happening for the epoxy plant 
in the near future and even probably next year or so? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, Ahmed, the acquisition was completed on the 26th of August, 2025. So the 
company was with us for only about a month. And as informed earlier, the 
company was making losses under the previous management. So it will take us 
some time to turn it around. We do expect that by this year-end, we should turn it 
around and we should be breaking even by the year-end. 

 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Ahmed Madha: 
Understood. But what will be the run rate of losses one should assume for the next 
two quarters, roughly? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Marginal, not very significant, Ahmed. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay. And in terms of utilization levels, we should be operating at 40-50% 
utilization or higher, lower, any range, that would be helpful. 
Aditya Shriram:  
The capacity itself is currently not a very large capacity. So, with the strong 
leadership team that we have in place, we expect it to reach close to full capacity 
utilization of its current capacity. And then we are working on internal plans and 
once the Board approves, we will then further look at expanding the plant. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay, in terms of salt fields we have acquired, can you give some sense of what 
kind of cost benefits can we achieve from this? And also, what can be the peak 
production of salt for us? And unit economics in terms of advantage you get per 
ton, something of that sort can help? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Well, Ahmed, what is most important to understand in this salt acquisition is that 
given that we foresee that in future salt will be scarce, the objective is to protect 
ourselves from the price volatility and as well as to secure the supplies. So that's 
the fundamental thing. Now coming to margin, see, one, it is still a very small salt 
acquisition because as we mentioned, it is covering only 13% of our total 
requirement. 
But still answering your question, the ballpark margins as we saw, because we are 
new to this business, but the ballpark margins as we saw, if I remember correctly, 
the margins that they earn are in the range of around 30% types, 30%-40%. But we 
still have to see what the actual is. I mean, we have not even acquired, we have 
just signed the definitive agreements. But we should get the cost advantage 
definitely. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay. And for us, the current cost of acquisition from salt will be what? Realization 
it will be somewhere around 2,000 per ton, something of that sort? 
Amit Agarwal:  
Yes, so the current prices of salt, if we go take it from the market, are in the range 
of 2,300 per ton. Yes. 
Ahmed Madha: 
2300 per ton, okay. Got it. Lastly, on sugar business, I mean, if we consider 
everything around, probably economics will be better for next season, but again, 
the sugarcane prices have gone up. Would you like to give some sense how you 
are looking at sugar business as a whole? 

 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
And in terms of exports, you have mentioned in the call, in the press release, but 
considering the prices in the exports market, do you think exports will be 
remunerative? Just broad things on your views on the sugar business as a whole 
will be helpful. Thank you so much. 
Ajit Shriram: 
See, given the additional production or surplus production this year, we do expect 
government to allow an export of about 2 million tons. So that is one, which will, 
you know, also give support to prices. But our request to the government is that 
they need to incentivize exports as well. 
 
Given that the export prices are, you know, exports today, they would be around 
INR38-INR39. So therefore, I mean, they are lower than domestic prices. That also 
needs to be incentivized. You see, these developments are new. SAP came in only 
day before yesterday. Things will evolve. So we'll get to know how things will pan 
out in the business. But yes, we will have to look at more policy advocacy to help 
the business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Madha, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question 
comes from the line of Nirav Jimudia with Anvil Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Yes, sir. Good afternoon and thanks for the opportunity. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Good afternoon. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
I just wanted to understand from you, like, since we have recently commissioned 
800 TPD caustic soda plant, I believe they would be all comprising of newer 
electrolyzers. So I just wanted to understand, like, how frequently we need to 
change the electrolyzers for the older ones because as they become old, they start 
consuming the higher amount of power. 
So, A, on that, and B, let's say, if we change those electrolyzers whenever they are 
coming up for the change, what sort of advantage we get in terms of savings in 
power cost and also the fixed cost once our caustic soda capacities are ramped up, 
if you can share your thoughts here. 
Adtiya Shriram: 
So, the electrolyzers have a critical part called the membrane. These membranes 
are replaced every 4 years. So that is standard practice across the industry. And 
the rest of the electrolyzer components, which is known as the cathode and anode, 
is replaced every 8 years. Again, this is standard practice for the industry. 
And typically when we do, you're absolutely right that there is some increase in 
power consumption as time goes by. So whenever we do this replacement, it has a 

 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
good return of its own in doing that replacement. And in any case, the team, you 
know, is technically working on how to optimize and ensure that the power 
efficiencies are optimal even over the course of 5 years. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. And, sir, generally, because we have a total capacity of, let's say, close to 
around 2,750 TPD of caustic soda spread across both the locations. When can we 
see, let's say, out of that, because 850 has been recently commissioned. So, let's 
say, for the balance capacity when are those old membranes or let's say cathodes 
and anodes are coming up for replacement and normally when we do such 
exercise, what sort of capex we need to incur to replace them? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, so see these are very operational aspects. Frankly, I don't have the number 
right away. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Membranes are changed periodically. We've got at the moment between both the 
plants, you would have almost 30, 35 electrolyzers. So the changeover happens 
periodically depending on the aging of each electrolyzer. So it's an ongoing 
process. And this is a cost which is like a replacement cost, which one has to do to 
maintain the plant efficiency. And one doesn't do it based on return. One does it 
based on the efficiency one is getting. When you reach a particular level, you just 
have to change it. So these are ongoing activities which is there across the board 
in any caustic soda plant. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it, sir. Fair point. Sir, secondly, let's say, out of our current requirement of 225 
megawatts for our caustic soda current utilization, last time you mentioned that we 
were around 25 megawatts so far as the renewables is concerned. So how do we 
see this share of renewable power moving in FY27 and 28? And generally, what is 
the difference between, let's say, the grid power or the captive power generation 
through coal and what we source through a renewable power? If you can share 
your thoughts here? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So just very fundamentally, sustainability is a very key part of our thought process. 
So in all our efforts and businesses, we are always seeing how to be more and 
more sustainable. So the direction of increasing renewable energy, whether it is 
through wind, solar, whether it is through use of biomass in existing power plants, 
we are continuously focusing on that, whether it is at our Bharuch site or at our 
Kota site. 
 
We are actively exploring further tie-up. We have already tied up approximately 68 
megawatts of power which is due to come into our Kota site. And we are actively 

 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
exploring further opportunities. So as and when that is approved by the board, we 
will be able to share that. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. And what difference if you can share in terms of per unit cost between, let's 
say, the grid as well as coal and the renewables? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, I'll give you the order of priority. Obviously, the grid is most expensive followed 
by coal and then renewable. Renewable is the cheapest, but one has to remember 
that when we take renewable, we also need to take grid power. So the average has 
to be looked at. So that's the flow of cost. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. Sir, one of the statements in your opening remarks, you mentioned that we 
have seen a strong ECH demand in India, more possibly because of maybe the 
commissioning of, let's say, the recently commissioned Kukdo chemical epoxy 
plant, as well as by the existing two players who also expanded their epoxy 
capacities.  
So I just wanted to understand from you, like with the filing of anti-dumping duty 
request with DGTR, can you share your thoughts in terms of the demand for epoxy 
in India as well as how much of the cheaper imports are coming to India, which is 
actually pursuing us to file that anti-dumping duty? 
Ajay Shriram: 
I think there's a clarity here. The anti-dumping duty is for PVC and ECH. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
I think for liquid epoxy also we have filed an anti-dumping duty. Industry has 
initiated. So I was just trying to understand from epoxy point of view, because ECH 
ultimately depends upon the utilization levels of epoxy. So I just wanted to have 
your thoughts on the epoxy part? 
Aditya Shriram: 
Yes. So the current domestic demand for LER, liquid epoxy resin is in the range of 
200 KTPA and we expect it to reach 300 KTPA by FY28. So we see a healthy 
demand growth in the epoxy, in the advanced materials business. So what we 
have done with an ECH plant and an acquisition in the epoxy space is we are 
getting more and more vertically integrated.  
And we expect that with the demand increase, as you rightly mentioned of existing 
epoxy players as well, that the demand for ECH will continue to be robust. So we 
will be completing our commissioning of the entire capacity. There might be other 
competitors who will continue to put up capacity of ECH as well, but we expect it to 
be absorbed in the market with this increase in the epoxy demand. 

 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Jimudia, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question 
comes from the line of Pujan Shah with Molecule Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Pujan Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir. My question it is, so recently we have been hearing 
a lot about this anti-involution policy from Chinese. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Can you kindly just repeat what you are saying? I'm sorry, we can't understand. If 
you are a speaker phone, can you just get on to a without the speaker handset or 
something? I'm sorry, we can't understand.  
Pujan Shah: 
Am I clear now, sir? 
Ajay Shriram: 
Please go ahead. 
Pujan Shah: 
Yes, sir. Recently we have been hearing about this anti-involution policy by these 
Chinese. And we are also hearing off that they are also including PVC. So do you 
see a long-term structural change in terms of pricing stability going forward? 
Because we have been seeing a weakness in dumping from the Chinese guys. 
And I just want to understand the context that if it happens what percentage of 
capacity will get shut down, which will help to at least stabilization in terms of 
pricing? 
Ajay Shriram: 
This you are referring to PVC? 
Pujan Shah: 
Yes. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Okay, well, actually speaking today India imports almost 60% of its PVC 
requirements. So our production and our local manufacturing is fairly low. And you 
may have heard in the next three, four years, we expect Reliance as well as Adani 
Group also putting up PVC plants. So I think then the domestic production capacity 
will go up, but it will actually still not meet the total requirement, because the PVC 
requirement was going up 7%, 8% a year.  
So with that sort of a growth, I think the efficiency of industry is most important. And 
you're right, what we are taking up also, as I mentioned earlier that there is 
dumping going on of PVC. That's where we have moved with the government very 
aggressively with anti-dumping duty, hopefully that will come shortly.  
That will give the domestic industry some protection from dumping, vis-à-vis what 
they sell in their own markets. And I would say frankly with geopolitics of the world, 
it's very difficult to predict what's going to happen in a commodity business down 
the line. With the duty structures, taxes and each country looking at what's best for 

 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
them. So that's where I think the government of India is fully aware also. That's 
how the anti-dumping duty issue has come up for PVC and we expect that to come 
into force, hopefully in the near future. 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay, got it. And can you just quantify what is the chlorine negative pricing 
currently per kg? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So the current chlorine price is in the range of minus 7,000, minus 8,000. 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay, minus 7,000, minus 8,000. Okay. And should we expect to remain range-
bound because ultimately as we have been flooded with the capacity and we are 
operating at 75%, if we ultimately go to 80%, we will ultimately, we have a 
challenge to dispose the chlorine. So do you feel this 7, 000, 8,000 would remain 
range-bound or do we expect much more negative to go once the capacity gets 
ramped up by other players? 
Ajit Shriram: 
We actually expect that over time the demand for chlorine downstream products is 
increasing broadly linked to the GDP growth rate. So we expect the demand for 
chlorine to increase. So over time, we actually expect the prices to improve. They 
might still remain in the negative range for some time, but it will be a lower negative 
number that we expect going forward. 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. That’s all my questions. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rohit Nagraj with B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, the first question is on PVC. So in our presentation, we have mentioned that 
the imports were impacted during the quarter because of the impending ADD. But 
normally what we see that before the ADD comes into force, there is incremental 
dumping, and that usually keeps the inventory buildup in the system. So what is 
your understanding of the current inventories in the domestic market and why 
particularly these imports have been impacted during this quarter? Thank you. 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, I would not have the inventory in the system right now. However, the key 
reason why the imports got impacted, one was that there was shrinkage of 
demand, as was mentioned in the CMD's message as well, because of the rains. 
Second also was because ADD was supposed to be imposed, and if they enter the 
country and it is imposed, then there is a challenge.  

 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
So it was largely from that perspective that it was very close to the date of the 
imposing of ADD is when people were apprehensive to import. So it is more about, 
not about people supplying from China, it is more about people importing in India 
who were apprehensive and therefore they were not placing orders.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure, sure. That's helpful. And the second question on ECH, given that domestic 
there is an overcapacity and probably all the players will have to find some exports 
market. Which in all are the geographies where we are looking at in terms of the 
exports for some of our quantities? Thank you. 
Aditya Shriram: 
So currently ECH is not in oversupply in the domestic market. There is adequate 
demand in the domestic market. So we expect demand for ECH to continue to 
grow, as you mentioned earlier, due to the epoxy growth rate as well. So I think it is 
in a favorable position for the times to come. However, we are still exploring all 
markets and there will be some export opportunities as well. And we are exploring 
across globally and wherever we are able to get the right kind of pricing, we will 
look at that. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. Thanks a lot and all the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes on the line of Vignesh Iyer with Sequent 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. So my question is on the chlorine utilization. If 
you could share what our chlorine utilization was for Q2, our pipeline utilization plus 
our downstream. 
Aditya Shriram: 
So actually chlorine utilization or chlorine integration is a very core part of our 
strategy because that often becomes a constraint across the industry. And we are 
focusing very actively on that. For that purpose, we have already commissioned 
aluminum chloride plant. We have commissioned our ECH plant. In Kota, of 
course, we have PVC and SBP. And further, we are expanding aluminum chloride 
and we are also putting up calcium chloride capacity. And the ECH capacity will 
also become fully operational. 
 
So in the coming two quarters, we actually expect our chlorine integration to reach 
a level of about 45% across both our Bharuch and Kota sites. And in addition to 
that, actually, we have grown over the last many decades along with our pipeline 
customers, along with their growth as well and it's a very strong strategic 
partnership that we have. 

 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
And our pipeline consumption, therefore, is also approximately 30% in our Bharuch 
site. So overall, about three-fourths of our chlorine will be integrated in the form of 
either captive use or pipeline use or strategic contracts. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. Got it. So 75% utilization is more or less what is the levels as of now, right? 
Combined. 
Aditya Shriram: 
Yes. We will reach that level in a couple of quarters. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Right. A couple of quarters. Got it. Sir, my second question is on Shriram Farm 
Solutions. I wanted to understand, I mean, there is a 27% growth in this quarter on 
the revenue part of it. So for the H1 part of it, I just wanted to understand can we 
share the data on what is the contribution coming from the new products versus 
contributions from the other products? I mean, if you could share the mix. 
Amit Agarwal: 
So see, the new products which we have launched in the last two to three years, 
almost 20 products is what we have launched across categories, whether seeds, 
plant nutrition, and crop care. Out of that, the good part is that eight products have 
been from our own research in our plant nutrition business. So that's the kind of 
launches that we have made in the last two to three years. And the revenue from 
these new products is in the range of around 20% of our total revenue. And as we 
understand from the industry, that's a good benchmark to be at 20%, 25% of the 
new products introduced. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Got it. That's all for my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we have reached the end 
of question and answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for your participation in 
our earnings conference call. As protectionist policies rise across developed 
economies, Indian corporates must respond, not with resistance, but with 
reinvention. The long-term answer lies in building strength from within through 
digital transformation, innovation, self-reliance and global adaptability.  
We as a company continue to evaluate investment opportunities in adjacent 
businesses, areas that support innovation and which enable us to capture a larger 
value chain while keeping sustainability as the core principle of investment. Thank 
you very much once again. 

 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DCM Shriram Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
