 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
 
SYMBOL: POLICYBZR 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services/ Listing 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
SCRIP CODE: 543390 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on October 29, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In furtherance to our earlier communication dated October 07, 2025, October 29, 2025 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith Transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on October 29, 2025. 
 
The transcript of Earnings Call is also available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.pbfintech.in/investor-relations/. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same in your records.  
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For PB Fintech Limited 
 
 
 
 
Bhasker Joshi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: A/a 
        
          
 
 
Bhasker 
Joshi
Digitally signed by 
Bhasker Joshi 
Date: 2025.11.04 
20:31:29 +05'30'

 
PB FINTECH LIMITED 
Q2 FY 2025-26 
Earnings Call 
October 29, 2025 
 

 
Page 1 of 22 
 
Management:  A very good evening everybody and a very warm welcome to PB Fintech 
Limited Earnings Call, Q2 FY2025-2026. Today, we have with us: 
 Mr. Yashish Dahiya, Chairman & Group CEO, PB Fintech 
 Mr. Alok Bansal, Executive Vice Chairman, PB Fintech 
 Mr. Sarbvir Singh, Joint Group CEO, PB Fintech 
 Ms. Santosh Agarwal, CEO, Paisabazaar 
 Mr. Mandeep Mehta, Group CFO, PB Fintech, and 
 Ms. Rasleen Kaur, Head, Strategy & Investor Relations, PB Fintech 
I now request Yashish for his introductory note. 
Management:  Thank you, Rasleen. Before I start, I just wanted to share a very small incident. 
On 3rd of September this year, it was the last month of our quarter; it was announced that 
there would be a GST change on the 22nd September. Any sane customer should not have 
bought any Health policy or a Term policy between 3rd-22nd September and I was obviously 
worried about what would happen. I must totally congratulate our team which had found 
solutions before 9am that day. Our sales on that day were not lower, and as you will notice, 
for that month also were not lower. And I think that is what becomes a PB way, where 
execution is the key, and execution happens in hours. I really wanted to thank all 23,000 of 
our employees once again, for how they kept things up, and with that, I'll proceed to give the 
performance update for the quarter.  
Our total premium for the quarter is now ₹7,605 Cr, up 40% YoY, and 15% QoQ led by the 
online protection business, which is at 44% YoY, Health being at 60% YoY. Once again, please 
do take this with that backdrop of 3rd-22nd September, but despite that, this is here. 
Consolidated revenue grew 38% YoY to ₹1,614 Cr for the quarter. Core Insurance revenue was 
up 36% YoY. Core Credit revenue was down 22% YoY. However, it has bottomed out, and our 
QoQ Core Credit revenue was up 4%. I just wanted to add, our QoQ Core disbursals growth 
was 9%. So, the bottom-out has happened. Our renewal trail revenue on a 12-month rolling 
basis is ₹774 Cr. The Policybazaar side of it, the insurance Core revenue has grown at 47% YoY 
and overall, it's a 39% YoY growth. The quarterly insurance renewals revenue is now at an ARR 
of ₹758 Cr, which is up from ₹516 Cr in Q2 last year. So that is a growth of ₹242 Cr. That's just 
how the annual growth is kind of going on right now. This is a key driver of our long-term profit 
growth. Steady growth continues in the Core insurance premiums, net of savings at 39% YoY. 
Savings continues to be stressed. I just wanted to say this is against a high base of Q2 last year. 
Q2 was highest placed last year, in fact, Q3 was almost 10% below Q2. So, excluding the 
Savings category, we have been growing between 35-45% very consistently for the last 10 
quarters now. We continue to improve our customer onboarding and claim support services 
and insurance CSAT is consistently now above 90%. Our Credit revenue for the quarter is ₹106 
Cr, and disbursals is ₹2,280 Cr for the Core online business. We further strengthened our 

 
Page 2 of 22 
 
leadership in New initiatives, with a revenue growth of 61% YoY, adj. EBITDA margins have 
moved from -12% to -4%, with a 5% Contribution margin. PB Partners, our agent aggregator 
platform, is clearly consolidating its leadership and accelerating its growth momentum. It now 
has over 380K advisors. It's not just in 19k PIN codes, but it's really driving growth from Tier 4 
and Tier 5 towns. It's clearly got the most diversified business lines out of all the players in the 
market today. We've moved the business increasingly towards smaller and higher quality 
advisors at a rapid pace. I think all of these things are really positioning it in a very clear 
leadership position. I would say almost as big as the next two combined, or something of that 
sort. Our UAE insurance premium grew 64% YoY, and is clearly aligned towards Health and 
Life, very similar to our India business. It's also using the cross-border situation quite well, 
where basically when people retire, they retire into India. We have a unique value proposition 
on those kinds of products, and the business is now consistently profitable for 3 quarters. Our 
consolidated PAT for PB Fintech grew 2.65x or 165% YoY, to ₹135 Cr, from 4% to 8% margin. I 
think it's a very important stat, which I feel quite strongly about. This is 1.77% of our insurance 
premium. Effectively that's how hard this category is. After 17-18 years; we are in our 18th 
year, and we are able to get to about 1.77% of insurance premium as a profit pool. It will, of 
course, grow. This should kind of keep growing into the future, but that's where we are today. 
To summarize our performance since our public listing, it's always good to look at things; now 
that 4 years are over: In these 4 years, from Q2FY22 to Q2FY26, our revenue grew from ₹280 
Cr to ₹1,614 Cr, about 6x and, that's a CAGR of 55%. Our PAT margin has gone from -73% to 
8% overall for the entire business. Happy to take questions now. 
Management:  Thank you, Yashish. We'll take the first question from Sachin Salgaonkar, BofA. 
Sachin, please unmute yourself. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Thank you, Rasleen. Congrats Yashish and team for a great set of numbers. 
I have 3 questions. First question, a bit of clarification on how or if there is any impact on the 
business post the GST cuts, which we saw from September 22nd. And this question is both on 
the consumer demand as well as on your commissions, because we are hearing private 
insurance companies have reduced distributor commissions. 
Management: Let's get to both these answers. I think demand has been very strong, and I 
would let Sarbvir answer that, but it's been extremely surprising and positive. And on the 
commission side, it's a complicated situation and I wouldn't go with any of the media 
narratives or whatever you're hearing out there, because they tend to kind of paint things in 
black and white. We are a very large source of business, specifically fresh Health and Term. 
And our business quality is fairly superior compared to many other channels. There are 
multiple stakeholders here: Insurers, Us, Regulators, Governments, Consumers, our 
Employees. We are having very constructive conversations. It's not - Do this, Do that. It's a 
very constructive conversation, and I feel we'll end up in a good place. Sarbvir, do you want to 
speak about both the demand and the GST impact, please? 

 
Page 3 of 22 
 
Management:  Yeah, sure Yashish. On the impact, 5th September and 22nd September were 
the biggest demand days, I can say, in the history of Policybazaar, on both Health and Term, as 
well as for other lines also. On 5th, of course, the conversion was not as good, but on 22nd, 
even the conversion was very, very good. What we are seeing is that because of this, there is 
a lot of dialogue about Health insurance, Term insurance and Life insurance in general, there 
is a lot of demand and interest in the category. It is translating into higher conversion, into 
bookings as well. I think from a demand perspective, it's very good. October, normally with 
Diwali, etc, can be subdued from an insurance perspective, I think definitely saw a good lift 
because of this change. I think on the second question on the revenue, which I think Yashish 
has largely covered it. The only thing I just want to explain to everyone is that I know it's a 
matter of great speculation and intrigue, but actually it's not so complicated. There are 3-4 
factors. What is the increase in business that we are getting? What is the quality of business 
in terms of real fresh versus people who are already existing insurance customers? And the 
third thing is the P&L impact of that for everybody. If you have high-quality fresh customers, 
the value of those customers to insurance companies is very high.  I think we are in a very 
constructive dialogue, and I think the fact that we have a relationship with insurance 
companies, and we are not just, I would say, a distributor in that sense, is really coming to the 
fore right now, as we are having these discussions. We are absolutely committed to working 
with everybody, or with all our partners, and I think if you hear the calls also, I think all the 
insurance companies have said the same thing. And we think this will leave the industry in a 
better position than where we started. And that's the key from our perspective. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Okay, so net-net, maybe not too much of an impact on distributor for 
commissions for you guys, maybe something here and there, but generally it's a win-win for 
both you and the insurance companies. Is that what we should expect going ahead? 
Management:  I'll focus on the second part only. I would say that, yes, we want to ensure that 
it's a win-win for both. Actually, there are three parts to this thing. It's a triangle always. 
Consumer, Insurance company, and Policybazaar. All three have to gain. Because otherwise 
it's a zero-sum game. If you take something from one person, give it to the other. I think all 
three will gain, and that's what we are really focused on. 
Sachin Salgaonkar:  Got it. My second question is on the sharp EBITDA margin and adj. EBITDA 
margin improvement we saw in this quarter, and this was clearly led by momentum at the 
Core online business. The question out here is should we see this momentum being 
sustainable? Because I remember Yashish mentioning in the last call that you guys are focusing 
more on revenue growth, and margins is derivative and eventually follow. But we're also 
seeing margin growth being strong. Is this something which is sustainable going ahead? 
Management: I would not read anything into any margin growth, etc. Those things, I think 
they are just the same. See our focus is very clear. Our focus is on growth. Yes, one quarter 

 
Page 4 of 22 
 
you may see higher margin. Our revenue for the quarter is ₹1,614 Cr. So, even if that changes 
by 2% here or there, that is ₹32 Cr positive or negative. What is 2%? It is 2 days or 1.5 days of 
revenue, or something of that sort. So sometimes, you may get some premium ahead, some 
payment later. Do not read into margin movements on a quarterly basis, and that's the 
message I would give. It may be some spill over from previous quarters, it may be some spill 
over from next quarter. But don't read too much into quarterly margin shifts. There has been 
nothing dramatic to change our Contribution margin in the last quarter. It is just, maybe some 
money came from some quarter here and there. Because you'll always see this 2-3% 
movement from one quarter to the other.  
Management: There are costs below contribution line, which don't grow as fast. You definitely 
get some benefits between Contribution & EBITDA. But as Yashish said, tactically, we are 
focusing on growth, and that drives everything else.  
Management: One month might just have a higher issuance bucket, some delay, some Sunday. 
Those kinds of things can make some changes, so don't read too much into, in one quarter, 
how much did the margin happen. I'm just trying to explain. ₹30 Cr can shift with just 1.5 days. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Thanks on that. And last question is it would it be great to have an update 
on Pensionbazaar and PB Money in the last 3 months. How the business has scaled up, and 
should we see incremental investments into both these New initiatives? 
Management: Both PB Money and Pensionbazaar, there haven't been much incremental 
investments. I think all of it put together, the total investment may be less than half a million 
dollars. I wouldn't say that anything major has happened yet. I'll just ask Sarbvir, if you want 
to talk about Pensionbazaar, or Santosh, if you want to talk about PB Money. 
Management: Sachin, it's a bit early to really say too much about Pensionbazaar. I think, we've 
set up a small team, we are looking at various things. I think the good news, I would say is that 
a lot of changes have come in the NPS scheme, and they're making it more consumer-friendly.  
It's still a tough business. For 15 years, you have to lock in your money, etc. But I think it's a 
very serious problem that we are trying to solve, and I think right now we are focused on 
figuring out our way forward, and I think, we'll have more to say as we go.  
Management: On both PB Money and Pensionbazaar, we're at drawing board stage. And that's 
our usual style in such things. Till we are sure about exactly how we're going to do it, we will 
stay at the drawing board stage, and at some point, we'll become confident and move forward. 
PB money is exactly the same thing. On the Paisa side, we want to have a more holistic 
offering. Besides just Credit, we also want to have certain Savings products, etc. But we are 
not moving aggressively on that yet. Right now, we're still testing. I don't know, Santosh, if you 
want to say anything? 

 
Page 5 of 22 
 
Management: Absolutely. I think with PB Money, we've been able to now put a person's 
investments in one view, with multiple insights that we're giving consumers. Now, monetizing 
that for Savings products, of course, is the next step, but again, nothing major has happened 
yet. We're doing some of the products that launched Bonds and Deposits, but very early stage.  
Management: Here's some guidance if you want to hear it. On both Pensionbazaar and PB 
Money, don't expect anything from a results perspective, at least for a year. I think we are in 
a drawing board stage, and any scale that happens will be irrelevant compared to the scale of 
our other businesses. But at the same time, here’s one more thing, we are deeply committed 
to both. Sometimes you can be very deeply committed to something, but not act on it 
immediately, because you don't know exactly how you will act. Both Pensionbazaar and PB 
Money are at that stage. I do believe Pensions is a very big problem in India, and there will be 
some solution. We don't know exactly what yet, and similar with PB Money, I think our 
customers need a more holistic solution. We will figure out exactly how to do it.  Also, on both 
of them, don't expect any significant loss or anything also, either. It's not like we are investing 
a lot of money in any one of them in the early stages. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Management:  Thank you Sachin. 
Management:  We'll take the next question from Sachin Dixit, JM Financial. Sachin, please 
unmute yourself. 
Sachin Dixit: Hi, Yashish and team, congratulations on a great set of results again. I had a 
couple of questions. My first question was on this piece, with regards to cross-sell. With GST 
exemption being there on your renewal book as well, and you already are sitting on a decently 
large Term and Health book. Do you think there is opportunity, and if you have seen any 
evidence of that in October, please let us know? Do you think there's substantial opportunity 
to cross-sell, or upsell to the same customers who are renewing premium considering that 
their overall payments are declining, thanks to GST? 
Management:  Sachin, if I understand your question, basically what is going to happen is that 
in Health renewal especially, people will see a lower price, or a much more attractive price, as 
compared to what they would have seen with GST. So, our objective, and it's, again, early days 
yet, but our objective is to significantly try to build up our renewal rate. And we measure 
renewal rate on the basis of number of policies, because number of customers is what really 
matters. Our first priority is to increase renewal rates, both first year as well as second year 
onwards. Second priority is what you are, I think referring to, which is to try to cross-sell some 
more products, to maybe increase the value of the customer, etc. But I would say that it's a 
second priority. Our first priority, actually, is to increase the renewal rate, because if you think 
about it, the more customers we can carry into the future, actually has a very high outcome 

 
Page 6 of 22 
 
and very high value, versus just trying to increase first-year premium and have fewer 
customers going forward. So that's what we are trying to do, and we believe that the nature 
of products we have spoken about it, that the nature of Health insurance products with a 
higher cumulative bonus is also favourable, and now with this change, I think we should be 
able to drive even higher persistency. That's really what our focus is. 
Sachin Dixit: So, where I was coming from largely was, like, if you look at, for example, Term, 
a lot of people might be investing in Term, thanks to 80C benefit as well, and they already have 
a defined amount in their mind on which they need benefit. So, in case that number, thanks 
to the 18% cut, becomes lower, do you think you will be able to sell more, rather than the 
customer actually paying just a lesser amount? 
Management:  Yes, absolutely. In Term insurance, what we are trying to do is that we are 
saying that you should buy ₹1.5 Cr (₹1 Cr is our most popular price point), because as we've 
calculated, for most people, it's like ₹100/month extra, and you can get ₹1.5 Cr instead of ₹1 
Cr. We are actually trying to increase the sum assured in Term, and saying that, look, this is a 
great opportunity for you, and you should buy more sum assured. Again, these are slow burns, 
it's not very easy to drive these things very quickly, but this is a very calculated and very well-
oiled effort that we are making to try and drive this going forward. And let's see how it goes.  
Sachin Dixit: Got it. Sure. My second question is, Yashish obviously mentioned, that since that 
GST announcement came in, you guys figured out, or at least a team figured out how to ensure 
that growth remains on track for September month, as well as going ahead. Can you talk about 
what were these initiatives? What did you do? How did you ensure that the growth did not 
fall apart after that? 
Management: The Master Chef never sells their secret sauce. I'll just leave it there. And 
honestly, there is no secret sauce here. Actually, it's just hard-working people and they just 
get at it, they figure out solutions, they do it. 
Sachin Dixit: Sure. Just one housekeeping question, if I may. On the premium slides that you 
have shared, you have also shared the premium calculated using GST exemption at the 
bottom. So, if at some point of time that becomes the norm, should we expect a step decline 
in the premium that you will show up on your report? 
Management: From next quarter onwards, we will share the premium without GST, and it'll 
be apples to apples, so the past will also be shown without GST. GST will be removed from the 
past as well.  
Sachin Dixit: Understood. Thank you so much, and all the best for the future. 
Management:  Thank you, Sachin. We'll take the next question from Nidhesh Jain, Investec. 
Nidhesh, please unmute yourself. 

 
Page 7 of 22 
 
Nidhesh Jain: Thanks, Rasleen. Hi, Yashish & Team. First question is on Health insurance. So, 
have you launched narrow network policies already? And, if yes, what is the share of narrow 
network policies in the Health insurance business? 
Management:  Yes, with many of our partners, we have Preferred network policies, where 
essentially if you take a rider which limits the network, you get a discount upfront. It’s a small 
percentage right now, in the order of 15-20%, and it will grow with time, but I think this is an 
area which we are very deeply interested in for many reasons. I think this is an area where we 
will work to make it more and more valuable, so that customers feel the value also of going to 
a narrow network. It should not just be a cost issue, it should also be a better experience when 
you go to a narrow network. We are really focused on solving with our insurance partners the 
second part of the problem as well. We are focused on this one. 
Nidhesh Jain: Sure. And secondly, if you can share the Contribution margin and EBITDA margin 
for Core Credit business? 
Management: See, so many parameters are there because they have Credit cards, Secured 
lending, Unsecured lending. So giving a single number becomes very odd for such a large 
category. They're not very different from what people get in the market. 
Nidhesh Jain:    That's it from my side, thank you. 
Management:  Thank you, Nidesh. We'll take the next question from Jayant Kharote, Axis 
Capital. Jayant, please unmute yourself. 
Jayant Kharote: Thanks, Rasleen, and congratulations to the team for a great set of results. 
The first question is slightly longer term, for Yashish. We see this slide where you mentioned 
PAT as a percentage of premium at 1.77%. While you've clearly said you don't want to look at 
quarterly margin and profitability, if I were to slightly zoom out and look 3-5 years out. Where 
do you see this number, let's say, by FY30? 
Management: I think, about 3% or so. 
Jayant Kharote: Okay, and this will take into factor the ₹1 Tn premium number, that you're 
aspiring for. 
Management:  The ₹1 Tn Premium, obviously, there'll be a bit of a change because of GST, but 
how much, whether it delays it by one quarter or two quarters. I love this thing, guidance and 
all these words. I'm just talking from heart. In November 2022, I just said, yes, at some point 
we'll make a certain amount of profit. Now, I didn't know that was going to be a guidance, but 
okay, it's a guidance, fine. And that's the same message that we again put out. These are our 
aspirations, these are what we can see. And I think to an extent, those numbers are put out 
there because at that time, they are not the norm in terms of the thought process. And then, 
when they appear, people say, yes, this would have happened anyway. Actually it doesn't 

 
Page 8 of 22 
 
happen anyway, it takes a lot of effort, but it somewhere kind of comes out that way. So, the 
₹1 Lac Cr was in a similar way. When I made that, I didn't know that GST would not be part of 
that ₹1 Lac Cr. It may happen one quarter later or two quarters later, because there may be 
some impact of GST. Maybe there's a 6% impact or something, I don't know, on our 
accumulated look. So, yeah, we'll see how that how that appears. But yes, I think 3% of that. 
Jayant Kharote: Great. Thanks for this Yashish. Second question is linked to growth again. Now 
that I think Savings on the base number was the largest for Q2, and moving into Q3, Q4, that 
base effect is going to wean off. Shall we assume now we will move back to our 30% plus 
growth trajectory for the foreseeable future? And am I correct that by fourth quarter, Savings 
was already negative for you last year? 
Management:  Yes, Savings was, but all I'm trying to say is without Savings, we've given the 
number very clearly. Without Savings, we've been in that zone of 35%45% for a long time, like, 
10 quarters is a long time, and we don't anticipate that changing. But yes, we do believe that 
as we move into the next few quarters, the Saving growth will naturally come back. If you think 
about it, Q4 last year, was already 20% below Q2. If we just do what we are doing, you will see 
a kind of decent growth anyway, and we are seeing growth. Actually, when I'm looking at the 
numbers, I'm seeing quarter-on-quarter growth in the Savings business clearly and in the Paisa 
business, there's a lot of effort going in making that quarter-on-quarter growth come out. 
Jayant Kharote: If I could just squeeze in one last question. I remember you passionately 
talking about Child education and Pension problems that you want to solve for. Is there any 
update? Is that part of Savings climbing in the way you had expected it to? 
Management:  Yeah, so I think, the Pension category, we started about 3-4 quarters ago, so I 
think that continues to grow, I think both sequentially and on a YoY basis. The Child Education 
business we have been doing for a while, it does grow, but we've also broadened the appeal. 
The appeal’s essentially that there's a waiver of premium feature that if the person dies, then 
the premiums are paid by the insurance company in place of that person, so that whatever 
goal you were saving for, in this case, Children's education, would be fulfilled. We have 
extended that same benefit to all other things. Supposing you are saving for your house, 
you're saving for your retirement, so let's say if something happens to you, then your wife, 
your family would continue to get that amount of money.  We broadened the appeal, we are 
continuing to drive that. Of course, right now, given the overall business was soft in Q2, I think 
this part also didn't necessarily grow very dramatically. But it continues to be a key sales pitch, 
and I would say it's a very real story. It's something which really differentiates ULIPs from 
Mutual funds and other instruments. 
Jayant Kharote:  Great. Thank you, and congratulations once again. 

 
Page 9 of 22 
 
Management:  Thank you, Jayant. We'll take the next question from Neeraj Toshniwal, UBS. 
Neeraj, please unmute yourself. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Hi everyone, congrats on a good set. First question on Contribution; it 
seems to improve despite Health still growing upwards of 60%. What drove the change from 
Q1 to Q2? Because Health is still growing very fast, but Contribution has surprised here. 
Second question is on the New initiatives, looks to be very strong. If you can give more colour 
on the same. Now getting on the net take rate, are you leaving some bit of money there, or 
still have a Contribution at 5%, and we might see the journey a little while to turn into 
profitability? Any timelines will be helpful? 
Neeraj Toshniwal: And third would be the breakdown of the premium in New initiative and 
the renewals, and all those numbers you can share, that would be helpful. 
Management: On Contribution margin, so that I think I answered, that it may just be, some 
extra issuance may have happened this quarter, some extra payment may have happened this 
quarter. All I'm saying is, always assume that 2-3 days of payments can move from one quarter 
to the other. As long as it's ₹30-40 Cr moving from one quarter to the other, don't take it too 
seriously. That was really the explanation. Yes, you are absolutely right. For those who may 
not be aware, fresh health does move at about -20%; so every time we do Fresh Health, our 
margins get pushed down. In fact, we make a loss, clearly at the Contribution level itself. But 
then the renewals are growing just as fast, so renewals is also growing at about 50% or so. 
Management: Only thing I would add. I think it's best to look at it on a rolling four-quarter 
basis. The only little bit of element in Q2 was that if you see Q1 through Q2, Health renewal 
growth was stronger in Q2 than in Q1. But again, I think these are small pieces which move 
up and down every quarter.  
Management: I think what Sarbvir said just now was the most important thing. That's why we 
put out the 12-month rolling piece. Always look at that one. That is backward-looking, because 
12 months is over, so it's kind of bit dated, but that's almost the best way of looking at our 
business. It takes out seasonality, and takes out these quarter-on-quarter movements also. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Got it. And on the New initiatives, if you can give more colour in terms of 
the kind of growth you're seeing? 
Management: One of the things that we are seeing in the PoSP side, if you see the growth 
actually accelerated in this quarter. We grew at 55-56% in this quarter, and I think what is 
happening is that: One, we are going deeper into the countryside, we are going to smaller and 
smaller towns, we have expanded, we're investing behind increasing our team, etc and 
obviously, they're recruiting more agents, more granular business is coming. And I think the 
second thing that we are seeing is that a little bit of the industry structure is also favouring us. 
We are actually, right now the most focused organization on the PoSP side. We've always 

 
Page 10 of 22 
 
explained that we bring a huge amount of focus and capability to the table. Some of our peers 
in that business are going through their own, some kind of corporate actions, and some are 
focused on other matters. So, what is really happening is that our team is able to drive very 
effectively.  And I think this is very heartening, because 4 years into the project, we are now 
growing at 55% on a very high base. I think that's really heartening, and if I understood your 
question also, this bodes very well for improving the economics of the business as well. 
Profitability, etc, is a different thing, but I think the economics of the business are improving 
with scale, and I think the delta between PB Partners and other peers is increasing very rapidly 
now, every quarter. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: In terms of net take rate, when can we turn the table and start making 
profits out of it? 
Management: Is the question that when does the PoSP business become profitable? 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Yeah. 
Management:  Okay, so I think next year, our hope is that the PoSP business, in the normal 
course of things, may not have any meaningful loss. We don't want to commit to that, because 
we will play this strategically. We are very good at execution and we are very focused on 
winning and adding value to the customers and our partners. We will do whatever feels right 
at that point which could be anything. But in the normal course of things, I think our losses 
should be meaningless next year. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Okay. Last question is on the bookkeeping, you can break down the PB 
Partners, Corporate, and UAE. 
Management:  Yeah, so for PoSP, it was about ₹1700 Cr, about ₹415 Cr for UAE, and Corporate 
was ₹230 Cr.  
Neeraj Toshniwal: And new business in renewals? 
Management: They're fairly similar for Core Policy. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Got it. Thank you, and all the best. 
Management:  Thank you, Neeraj. We'll take the next question from Dipanjan Ghosh, Citi. 
Dipanjan, please unmute yourself.  
Dipanjan Ghosh: Hi, hope I'm audible. 
Management:  Absolutely. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Yeah, so just one or two questions from my side. First, Yashish, to one of the 
previous participants' questions, you mentioned that somewhere around FY30, maybe plus 
minus a few quarters, you aim to take the profitability number to 3% of premiums. But on the 

 
Page 11 of 22 
 
flip side, you also mentioned that you want to sustain growth on the PoSP and the New 
initiatives, and not lose out on the opportunity. Now we would presume that even 4-5 years 
out, these businesses should probably not operate at a margin where your Core business 
operates. So, let's say when you kind of visualize this 3% of premiums, how are you really 
extrapolating the growth in the Core versus the New initiatives? Does that have an implication 
on this 3% number, in case the growth rates across these two segments were to flip or change? 
Management: My expectation is PoSP is reaching a point as a channel where I think future 
growth rates are going to be similar. I don't think the share shift will be too much from here.  
When we do Health business, we lose money. And that is why there is a reward in terms of 
renewals premiums. There could be two ways of paying for anything.  Somebody could say, 
okay, you will be paid upfront, like happens in Life insurance. Or somebody could say you will 
be paid annually, like happens in Health insurance, or Motor insurance, or General insurance 
business. There we have that renewal advantage. The renewals part is always a little more 
predictable than the fresh business. I was just talking to Sarbvir before this meeting, and I was 
saying, in fresh business, even 0% growth is an achievement, because it is actually hunting 
every year. Because people have to come in, you have to convince them to buy, and that is 
why we add a lot of value along with our partners to the industry in bringing fresh customers 
to the market, both in Health and Term. Motor, at least, they have to buy, so they will buy 
from somewhere, but Health and Term, people don't have to buy mandatorily. I think but the 
reward we receive for putting in that effort and actually making a loss in the first year is the 
renewals, and that becomes a predictable source. So yes, I do think that is what explains it a 
little more than what the PoSP explains it, and I think PoSP will be a similar share as we go 
forward. When I say this number, it is a very robust number. It doesn't change very easily. 
These numbers don't change very easily. Just like our, FY27 guidance was a fairly robust 
number. It can't change too much. You can't change it by more than 10-20% here or there.  
Management: And Dipanjan, we are not saying 3% or 2.5% or 3.5%. What we want to achieve 
and work towards is ₹1 Tn. This is not our objective. Our objective is the ₹1 Tn premium. This 
is a by-product.  But if you do that much, I think maybe the industry wants to pay you a little 
bit more. Maybe you make a couple of percentage points of profit also. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Absolutely. Just two small questions on this. One, in the PoSP business, is the 
mix still predominantly inclined towards Motor? Because you've mentioned that you have 
diversified, and probably on the PoSP side, you're probably one of the most diversified 
companies as on date. One is how has the diversification progress been? And second on that 
line, is the contours of the contract or profitability of the products on PoSP similar across 
Motor and non-Motor? And last question is basically on the Pension or the Savings business, 
ex of pure linked business. What is the strategy to really scale up the hybrid model? I would 
presume that that would be one of the levers to really scale up the Pension category as a 
segment, and its related other businesses. 

 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Management:  Yeah, so I'll just take them one by one. I think in terms of PoSP, Motor continues 
to be the, obviously, a large majority of the business. We are the most diversified in terms of 
having other lines of business: Life, Health, and other stuff. If I were to look at it right now, I 
would say, actually, the Motor business is responsible for driving the above average growth 
that we are seeing. In terms of the shape of the P&L, Motor tends to have little lower retention 
but also lower costs. Life and Health tend to have higher retention, but you also need to invest 
in them. So, net-net, I don't think there is that much difference at the EBITDA level. Our 
thought process in that business is actually not focused on product, it's focused on the agent. 
Because our agent is our partner. We have to improve the earnings of the agent.  If the agent 
earns more money by working with PB Partners, he or she will stay with us longer, and they 
will see greater value with us. So that is, I think, the crux of the discussion, and that's what we 
are trying to achieve. That's to give them an earnings opportunity which is superior to what 
they may be able to do anywhere else. If you ask me honestly, that's what is winning so far. 
Management: And have the agent's trust. One of the things you will hear as you go around 
the market, if anybody does the due diligence, is that Policybazaar always pays and it pays on 
time, those kinds of things; does not snatch people's customers; does not try to steal the 
renewals; does not try to cut them out of the renewals commission, etc. Those kinds of things 
you will hear in the market. That is one of the reasons why people are starting to gravitate 
towards us. Because eventually, it's a game of trust.  
Management:  I think on the second thing, in terms of the Savings business, yes, absolutely, 
hybrid has been a driver of our growth. We had done the top 10-12 cities earlier. Now, what 
we are trying to do is we are pushing into the next 15-20 cities, where we are trying similar 
models. We have to manage that in a lower cost, because we can't put that many number of 
advisors in each of those cities but we are doing that, I think we are working on 20 cities right 
now, and that project is also slowly gaining traction. I think, yes, Savings will require a hybrid 
approach. Customers like to meet people face-to-face, they want to understand the products 
taking time, and I think that's something that we will continue to keep driving as we go 
forward. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Got it, Yashish, Sarbvir, and Alok, and, all the best. 
Management:  Thank you, Dipanjan. We'll take the next question from Kushagra Goel,   
CLSA. Kushagra, please unmute yourself. 
Kushagra Goel: Hi, thank you for taking my question. Congratulations on a wonderful set of 
numbers. I just have one question now. So, there was a sharp increase in the other expense 
line item this quarter, so just wanted to understand what exactly sits here, and how to think 
about this going forward. 

 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Management:  Just give us a second here. Could you just kind of try to highlight the number 
or something because we can't see this sharp increase story? 
Kushagra Goel: It's up 29% sequentially, QoQ and about 67% YoY. 
Management:  Where do you see? Where is this? 29%? Which is the other expenses? 
Kushagra Goel: ₹592 Cr.  
Management:  Maybe, we will get back to you. 
Kushagra Goel: Got it, yeah, that's all, thank you. 
Management:  Thank you, Kushagra. We'll take the next question from Manas Agrawal, 
Bernstein. Manas, please unmute yourself. 
Manas Agrawal: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Two questions and two clarifications. First 
question is, let's say, hypothetically, if something was to happen on take rate compression and 
then there is a volume offset, which is a favourable move. What kind of cost levers do you 
have in the next coming quarters to protect your margins for the year? That's question one. 
Question two is, as part of these negotiations around take rate, since a lot of your profitability 
comes from the renewal book, is there distortion between how take rates are being 
negotiated on new versus renewal, and does it change your renewal-led profit build up in any 
shape or form? Those are two questions. From a clarification perspective, if we are saying that 
GWP includes GST, that basically means your take rates are actually higher than what we've 
optically seen them to be. And, wanted to understand narrow network policies. Is this your PB 
Health policies, or that is same concept but yet to be launched? That is it. 
Management:  So, very quick answers, first of all, and I'm sure Sarbvir will also pitch in on this. 
Look, in reality, our conversations with most insurers are not as shallow as: This is your 
commission, take it or leave it, or anything of that sort. It is much more around operating 
ratios, the quality of the book, around how fast we are growing. And if you notice across 
channels, what you would notice is, our fresh growth is very high. Our percentage of the fresh 
is much higher than our percentage of renewal and we and our partners are very aware of our 
operating ratios, our combined operating ratio, which is actually far more favourable than 
many other channels. It's only fair that if somebody is growing for you faster, doing higher 
fresh business, is also doing good quality business, which implies our claim settlement rate is 
much higher, which is actually a very big positive for insurers. Because if your claim settlement 
rate is higher, your complaints are lower, the customer distress is much lower. By the way, 
when companies do well on the Policybazaar platform, there's also direct traffic creation, 
which builds direct business for insurers, so it's a little more complicated conversation. We're 
not just a distributor, we are a distributor, a marketeer, a claims partner. We're a partner in 
every sense. So our conversations are there and we don't want to comment in the market 

 
Page 14 of 22 
 
about which way these are going to end, etc. I think we want to keep our conversations with 
our partners, which are very constructive, in a closed room. At this point, genuinely we don't 
think anybody needs to worry about this too much, is the broad answer we would give. On 
the narrow network, the entire thought process is the same. PB Health is just a word. 
Management: I have nothing to add on the GST thing. I think the only thing, again, I will just 
repeat, we have a relationship with insurance companies, and in a relationship, you work 
things out between the two partners, and do not talk about it too much in public. I think that's 
what we are also doing. On the cost side, I would say that, please understand that we are 
focused on cost efficiency in any case. It's not like, because today commissions or something 
has happened on GST, so we should now look at our costs. We started this whole approach 
years ago. We look at our costs on a daily, weekly, monthly basis, and actually, hidden in a lot 
of the overall stuff is that our marketing efficiency has improved quite dramatically over the 
years, whether it is the proportion of direct traffic that we are able to bring to the platform, 
whether it is the fact that we are able to leverage our own customer base more effectively, 
what we call our Growth business, that now has become a big contributor to our fresh 
business. It used to be almost nothing. I think we have focused a lot on marketing efficiency, 
we focus a lot on call centre efficiency, we focus a lot on improving the productivity of our 
advisors. Irrespective of what is happening, we focus very heavily, and I think we achieve good 
outcomes there also. That's where I would leave the discussion at. On the network products, 
right now, as and when PB Health hospitals come online, we will obviously leverage them also, 
but right now, we are leveraging the existing hospital network that are there and working on 
that. I think that's kind of where we are at. You did ask that if the GST is removed from the 
premium, then yes, obviously, optically, our take rate will look higher than it used to look 
earlier. 
Management:  And I just wanted to say one thing, sometimes in the media it's portrayed like 
this is some kind of commodity that anybody can bring Health customers or Term customers 
to the market. Remember, with 17-18 years of effort, a lot of hard work, a lot of brand build, 
a lot of direct traffic, with all those things, and everything we are doing; of the premium, we 
are able to make 1.77% at our scale. This is not an easy thing that anybody can just do. I'll give 
you an example. Suppose I wanted to get traffic from Google for Health insurance. There's 
only a limited amount I can get. That's it. I may be willing to spend 10 times that money, but I 
will not get more traffic. So, to some extent, it is a pretty rare commodity. And, we are very 
fair partners, and our partners are very fair to us. We are working things through. I don’t think 
it’s that simple. 
Manas Agrawal: Got it, thank you. 
Management:  Thanks, Manas. We'll take the next question from Madhukar Ladha, Nuvama. 
Madhukar, please unmute yourself. 

 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Madhukar Ladha:  Hi, good evening. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. So, I have 
three questions actually. First, on the adjusted EBITDA margins. Obviously, we're seeing a 
pretty good improvement. But, if I look at the indirect costs, like, the cost sitting between 
Contribution and adjusted EBITDA, that also seemed to be well contained. I wanted to get 
some sense of how should we be looking at this number, on quarterly basis, annual basis? 
What are the components here, and what sort of growth, let's say, even annually, if we were 
to look at this number, how should we think about this because that will help us run our 
adjusted EBITDA sort of calculations more clearly. Second, last quarter, I think you had given 
a number of, sort of Paisabazaar margins of -20%. That is the EBITDA margin. So, can you give 
a similar number for this quarter or the first half? So that's my second question. And, finally, 
if you could just give me; I think you did mention these numbers, but if you could repeat what 
are the renewal premium numbers for PoSP, Corporate, and UAE separately, that would be 
helpful. Thanks.  
Management:  Okay, a lot of questions there, but good. I think when you look at operating 
cost, specifically fixed costs: Brand, other People, other Office costs, Central cost allocations. 
We are doing a lot of innovation, we're doing a lot of new segments, a lot of new products, a 
lot of those things. And thus, a lot of experimentation is going on across the organization. And 
at an early stage, like, whenever you start a new BU or a new sub-BU, it takes a lot of effort. It 
takes a while before it scales up. And we've been doing a lot of that, simply because our focus 
has been on growth. I've repeated this many times over the last 3-4 years, and I think by now 
you would have seen enough proof of it. See, there are two stages an organization can be in: 
It can try to maximize profits, or it can drive growth. Usually, both of these don't go together. 
And, we are in that zone where we're trying to expand. Eventually, we will have enough to 
take care of all these costs, and that's our approach. In terms of growth rates, they should stay 
similar to what they have been over the past, maybe a little lower as we progress on the fixed 
cost side. And again, now coming to margins on the Paisa side, we don't want to comment on 
this. There's been a slight improvement. I don't want to be exact about the number. I know 
we were exact last quarter. There has been an improvement, but the improvement is limited, 
so it's not like a marked improvement and I'll leave it there. Brand is mostly a constant for a 
few quarters. I think that should give you enough information.  
Management: On the renewal piece, in the New initiatives, we have about ₹180 Cr for PB 
Partners, about ₹110 Cr for UAE and about ₹140 Cr for the Corporate business. 
Madhukar Ladha: Got it. Thanks, that's it from my side. 
Management:  Thank you, Madhukar. We'll take the next question from Shreya from Nomura. 
Shreya, please unmute yourself.  
Shreya Shivani: Hello, am I audible? 

 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Management:  Yes. 
Shreya Shivani: Okay, great. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I have, two questions. 
First is on the Motor piece. So, quite interesting that your PoSP book actually grew very well, 
in the quarter, assuming similar trend in October, because we know that the car sales and 
vehicle sales has been going very strong. But surprising that the PoSP actually attracts a lot 
more fresh premiums on the Motor side. So, some colour on whether PoSP model is a better 
suited model for cracking the fresh motor business. That's my first question. 
Management: Shreya, I think if by fresh Motor you mean new cars, then, frankly speaking, 
neither PoSP nor our B2C business actually have very high amount of business coming from 
new cars. The growth that we saw in Q2 was not driven by new cars, but by actually growing 
our market share overall, I would say, in the PoSP business. And it continues to be a mix of, 
like I said, growth in distribution, going to areas that we were not present in, and increasing 
the share that we are getting from areas that we are already present in. It is largely that which 
has driven it till Q2. You are correct in saying that in October, typically, in the Diwali month, 
there is a higher degree of new car business, etc. But for us, actually, that is not a key driver 
of the business. It's largely the stock of cars and trucks, autos and school buses that are part 
of the business. 
Shreya Shivani: Okay, that makes sense. Thank you for that answer. What is the overall Motor 
segment growth? Just like your protection has grown at 44%, Health at 60%, what would it be 
for, Motor for the entire Policybazaar and PB Partners included? 
Management:  The Core business or the including PB partners? 
Shreya Shivani: Including PB Partners, the total premiums. 
Management:  Maybe about 40% or so 
Shreya Shivani: Okay, sure. My second question, is, you had mentioned that your ₹1 Tn 
premium can move by one to two quarters and all of those things. We have a guidance for 
next year also, which is your net profit guidance. Fair to assume that, there also that ₹1,000 
Cr could get delayed or not get delayed, any comment on that? 
Management:  If there was a change, I would have said it. 
Shreya Shivani: Okay, sure, that's useful. My last two questions are data-keeping questions. I 
wanted the PB Connect revenue that was ₹43 Cr last quarter, so what is the number this 
quarter. And have we defined the ESOP pay-outs going ahead? Because, you had shared some 
a couple of years back, but is there a new ESOP pay-out that can be shared with us? 
Management: Santosh, do you want to just answer the question on PB Connect? 
Management:  Yeah, the PB Connect revenue for Q2 is ₹66 Cr, 53% up from last quarter. 

 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Management: On ESOP pay-outs, they should stay similar now. What you are seeing in ESOP 
is, we had an old scheme and a new scheme. The new scheme started last year, and the old 
scheme is going to be phasing out by FY28. So, what you're seeing is, on one side the costs are 
coming down, on the other scheme, the costs are ramping up. But quite honestly, on an annual 
basis, you should not see much change. It should see very similar from here onwards. 
Shreya Shivani: That is useful, congratulations, and all the best for the future. 
Management:  Thank you, Shreya. We'll take the next question from Ashwin Mehta, Ambit. 
Ashwin, please unmute yourself. 
Ashwin Mehta: Hi, Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just two questions. One, if I look 
at your trail revenues in the Credit side, there's been a fall, and understandably so because of 
the slowness of that business. But as you build the incremental book here, what are the 
initiatives that are being taken to kind of possibly build a higher trail here or any sense in terms 
of that? And the second is in terms of any updates on the PB Health side, when do we start to 
see the first operations? 
Management: On the trail side, we did see slowness, and I think the Credit area has been 
going through a tough time, and, the NPA rates were higher than we thought for or 
anticipated. That led to some softening on the P&L side for the partners, and we kind of shared 
that burden, and hence you see softening of trail revenue. Going forward, we've doubled 
down on risk assessment, we've doubled down on alternate data collection for consumers, so 
our ability to basically build quality of business for our partners is increasing as we move 
forward, and most of that will translate into better revenues. 
Management: I think as we realized in Policybazaar, being a bucket shop distributor is not 
sufficient, you have to be more involved, you have to have more inputs into the process, and 
that is how you will earn properly into the future, but our renewal revenue got affected 
because our partners, in general, suffered. It could not have been one way, so we shared in 
that. On PB Health, I'll try to explain to everybody the way we are thinking about it.  First of 
all, the narrow network is part of the strategy. That look, you have a narrower network, so you 
have fewer places. The second thing that is part of it is care pathways. That if a customer is ill, 
they get appropriate care. Whether it needs to be primary care, secondary care, or tertiary 
care. And in the network, there are hospitals and care facilities that can take care of each one 
of those, so customers are directed on that. And, lastly, there's a technology and hospitals 
layer, and on that, I think the update is, four facilities have been part acquired, or part 
whatever, so there's work going on that. But please appreciate, these hospitals will just 
become part of that network. So eventually, it's about running a narrow network, which will 
over time, be more and more controlled, or integrated, but it's a slow move again. A bit like I 
said on Pensions and PB Money. All these things will happen over time. I think the narrow 
network will come before the facilities. The facilities just become the preferred part of the 

 
Page 18 of 22 
 
narrow network, if you would. And, I think that's how you should see it. There's obviously a 
lot of work going on in tech, etc, but for that, we'll have to have a totally different conversation. 
Ashwin Mehta: Sure, thanks, Yashish. 
Management:  Thank you, Ashwin. We'll take the next question from Sanketh Godha, Avendus 
Spark. Sanketh, please unmute yourself. 
Sanketh Godha: Thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question is on the non-
Contribution expenses, fixed costs. Basically, the growth in those costs naturally has come 
down probably improving the margins. So that number looks around 15% growth YoY, so for 
the half and not for the Q2. So, just wanted to understand a bit of colour on this number, how 
you see this to play out eventually, whether it will be in this range, or you see it to grow at a 
much lower pace. So, large part of the cost will be sitting only in Contribution margins. 
Management:  15%, yes, it should stay around this. As I said, every time we start a new 
business, suppose in Savings, we started a Pensions category. And the Pensions category 
requires a new BU head, it requires a new focus from a technology perspective, it needs new 
product people, it does all of those things. And that is really it, and we keep trying out new 
things? In Health, we will have NRI, we will have old people, young people. Our success is not 
just achieved just like that. We have all these narrow segments, and thus, fixed costs goes into 
creating those segments, and making the success of those segments. Now, once those 
segments scale, the fixed costs are less necessary also. And quite honestly, we've not focused 
on reducing them, so 15% seems like a safe thing. I do not think it would be very different. It 
might be a little higher, a little lower. I think maybe between 15-20%. As long as we're giving 
the 30% fresh growth. I think 15-20% is okay. If we did not do that, then of course this would 
come down. See the Management rule is quite straightforward. As long as 30% fresh growth, 
let's not focus on the fixed cost side, let's keep going. If we miss that on a consistent basis, not 
one quarter or something, but on a consistent basis, then we look at our cost side, and we act 
on that also. 
Sanketh Godha: Okay, got it Yashish. But if I do a similar exercise for the New initiative, 33% 
growth in fixed cost. So naturally, it should converge to that 15% number what Core is 
reporting right now, right? 
Management:  See, if you look at the components of this indirect cost, there are 3 main 
components. One is the office and office overheads, which is quite slowly linked to the number 
of people we have to hire, so that behaves more like a direct cost in nature. The second one 
is brand, where, as we had mentioned earlier in the call, it has become more constant sort of 
a number, maybe linked to inflation of the country. The third and very big part would be the 
whole Support teams, IT teams, Marketing teams, Management teams.  Obviously, there is an 
increment which is given. To blend it, and as Yashish said, you can take it to be roughly half of 

 
Page 19 of 22 
 
the growth of the top-line growth. And that's where we are comfortable today. And if things 
change, obviously we'll have a re-look, but we are very happy with roughly half the growth 
rates for indirect cost relative to the revenue growth rates. 
Sanketh Godha: Understood. This is very useful. The second question I had was that your 
Contribution margin on New initiatives is 5.5% for the quarter. So, if you can give a bit of colour. 
Of this 5.5%, how much is coming from PoSP, or Corporate, or who is heavy lifting this 5.5% 
number?  
Management: It's a combination. UAE, which is now a profitable business, and obviously that 
profit has increased because last year it was a loss-making business; now for three quarters 
it's been a profitable business. I think, Corporate has been at pretty much the similar number 
in terms of burn, and PoSP has been reducing its burn, but obviously increasing its scale also. 
It's a combination of all three that's coming through. But, as of now, PoSP and Corporate are 
still loss-making businesses. I think on an overall basis, if you look at all new initiatives put 
together, my hope is that next year, 2027, our New initiative should be very close to zero. That 
is the whole thought process, and I don't see why it should be very different. 
Sanketh Godha: Okay, understood. So basically, what you're trying to say is that, at 
Contribution level, PB Corporate and PoSP are still loss-making, and large part of that is driven 
by PB UAE. 
Management:  It's a few things, PoSP has reduced losses, but increased scale. It's grown 55%, 
but its losses are much lower than what it was last year, whereas Corporate has got less growth 
in scale and similar losses, while UAE has both grown and become profitable. I think all three 
of them are a bit of a moving situation. And from a profit and loss perspective, they're not 
very dissimilar now. PoSP used to overwhelm in terms of losses, now it is not the case. Now, 
they are all in the same zone in terms of both profits and losses. 
Management: And Sanketh, at Contribution level, we are positive now on the New initiatives. 
The initiatives are also one area where you have competitive intensity, in all three, whether 
it's Dubai, whether it's Corporate business, or whether it's PoSP. That competitive intensity 
keeps on also going up and down, and we have to react to that as well. But directionally, I 
think, we have managed to become Unit Economics positive few quarters back, I think two or 
three quarters back, in the New initiatives. But yeah, if tomorrow we start something like 
Pensionbazaar or PB Connect or something, that will also go into that. So, we don't want to 
restrict the team that, you have to break even only, and then we'll invest. I mean, if we see 
any right opportunity, we'll invest. These numbers overall are going to be meaningless. So, 
when we talk of ₹1,000 Cr profit next year. Whatever happens in New initiatives is not going 
to create a big delta either way. +2% or -2%, really doesn't matter.  

 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Management: See, already, if you look at it from a Contribution perspective, New initiatives is 
maybe 7.5% of the total Contribution. So, it' becoming meaningless in the sense of either as 
a Contribution percentage, or as a profit percentage compared to the Core business, which is 
perhaps why you guys value the core business. That the Core business has different 
mathematics as time progresses. 
Sanketh Godha: The reason I was asking this is that, by FY30 or FY29, whether this business 
will become adj. EBITDA positive, the entire New initiatives? 
Management:  I said FY27, not FY30. Next year, it should be very close to adj. EBITDA zero. 
Sanketh Godha: Understood, perfect. Last two data-keeping questions. One, can you quantify 
hybrid to the Contribution of the Core new business, which, I believe you said 25% or 30% is 
previous quarter? And in this, Health growth, 60% growth or 65% growth previous quarter, 
how much Contribution came from Long-term plans? 
Management:  The meaningful answer there is, it hasn't changed dramatically from last year. 
There is no major YoY change. I'll try to explain. This question has been asked many times, that 
is there a trick behind this 60-70% growth that's been going on for the last, I would say, 8-10 
quarters. The simple answer we've always given is there is no trick. If there was a trick, the 
trick should have caught up with us by now. Because, you can't play a trick over 2-3 years 
continuously. And, speaking out of turn here, but I hope we will very, very positively surprise 
you in Q3, with both what comes out. So, all I'm saying is there's no trick here. It's not like 
premiums have grown, or multi-year has grown, or anything of that sort. It's just, we are 
adding new customers, that's it. And that's very valuable to all our partners, bringing in new 
customers, and we need the partners' help. The partners have also helped us a lot by giving 
us better products, creating better products, creating better underwriting, settling more 
claims. All of that is part of the growth, which is why customers are increasingly choosing to 
utilize Health insurance and Term insurance. 
Sanketh Godha: Understood, yes. So basically, when you told the narrow network product 
might pick up, so that can add one more extra layer of the growth to what you're delivering 
today. And if it is the case, any number you have in your mind? 
Management:  I'll explain in a simple way, Sanketh. I think from a distribution standpoint, we 
are by far and away, like, there's not even a comparison, the most focused and the most 
scaled-up players in terms of protection, Health insurance and Term insurance, and you'd all 
agree with that. You couldn't even name somebody else who would be nearly as focused. 
Now, what does that mean? When you're focused on something, you're thinking about 
problems ahead. You're trying to create solutions for them before they become problems for 
you. And what are proofs of this? Getting into claims:  If you look at our advertising for the 
last 3 years, a lot of it has been around claims. Of course, that is a differentiator today. We 

 
Page 21 of 22 
 
have a higher claim settlement rate while maintaining operating ratios for our customers. 
Narrow network is part of the same thing. The reason you are thinking about it is because you 
are very focused on this area, so you are creating solutions before time. The solution is very 
clear to anybody. It's obvious a narrow network should be able to reduce your cost, because 
you have better control over the service. You should be able to deploy better SOPs with a 
narrow network than with a wide network. It's a pretty logical thing. But why are just we doing 
it? For example, let me say, why isn't the Bank doing this? While a bank is also a distributor of 
insurance, or any other distributor of insurance, why are they not doing it? It's not because 
they don't have the money. It is because maybe this is not as critical to their survival and to 
their mission as it is for us. For us, this is critical. The reason we come to office every day, is to 
make sure that more and more customers have Health insurance and Life insurance, they have 
a great experience. I think it's just that. I don't think there's any other word to it, than just 
focus. 
Sanketh Godha: Understood Yashish. And lastly, a data-keeping question, Hybrid as a 
percentage of the total new business? 
Management:  Sanketh, it's about 25%. It's been in that range for a while. 
Sanketh Godha: Okay, perfect. That's it from my side. Thank you very much. 
Management:  Thank you, Sanketh. We'll take the last question from Rahul Jain, Dolat Capital. 
Rahul, please unmute yourself. 
Rahul Jain: Thanks for the opportunity. Most of it has been answered, but just I'm trying to 
make an effort in a different way. On the consistent improvement on the CM for the New 
initiative business. What I understand is that the CM for PoSP business was supposed to be 
maxed out at 1-2%, or maybe 3%, does that remain the case even now, or the bulk of the 
upside on the CM is coming from the other part of the New initiative or there is more potential 
for CM to go higher, even in the PoSP part? 
Management: You guys all really want the answer, so I'll give you the answer only. The PoSP 
CM is 1%. So, yes, if we are at 5%, it's coming from other parts. The biggest contributor in that 
CM; 85-90% of the CM is actually coming from the Dubai business. So, that's the reality of it. 
Everything else on a CM is 0. It's the UAE business which is giving the CM. Actually, UAE should 
not be a New initiative. From a classification perspective, what we should actually do, is UAE 
should be part of Core, because it is actually Core business, there is no difference there. I think 
we should just separate out PoSP and everything else. Maybe Corporate & PoSP because these 
Corporate business & PoSP have very different dynamics, and our Core business has very 
different dynamics. So, if you segregate that out that way, it just might start making a lot more 
sense, because I really don't see why UAE is in New initiatives. It should actually be in Existing. 

 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Because these dynamics are exactly like our Core business. So, as time progresses, we'll get 
more and more profitable. 
Rahul Jain: Yeah, I completely agree. That's it from my side. Thanks a lot. 
Management:  Thank you, Rahul. I still see some hands being raised. In the interest of time, I 
request you to please send your questions to investor.relations@pbfintech.in. We shall get 
back to you as soon as possible. Thank you for your time. 
Management:  Thank you very much for your attention. It's quite late in the evening, so really 
appreciate you attending and asking so many questions. Thank you so much. 
