            Devyani International Limited  
  
 
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Corporate Office: Plot No-18, Sector-35, Gurugram - 122004, Haryana (India) • Tel.: +91-124-4566300, 4786000 
E-mail: devyani@dil-rjcorp.com • Website: www.dil-rjcorp.com; 
CIN: L15135DL1991PLC046758 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
Symbol: DEVYANI 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
Security Code: 543330 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, transcript of the Investors & Analysts Conference Call held 
on November 6, 2025, post declaration of Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter 
and Half Year ended September 30, 2025, is enclosed. 
 
The same is also being uploaded on website of the Company at www.dil-rjcorp.com.  
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Devyani International Limited 
 
 
 
Pankaj Virmani       
Chief Sustainability Officer & Company Secretary 
  
Encl.: As above 
Pankaj 
Virmani
Digitally signed by Pankaj Virmani 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=2659, 
pseudonym=41ee088140664bf4937c17ce41b714d5, 
2.5.4.20=370761598635a32ec12880bd20f9d6bf1e0cea828f618cb
9ab4297719f2e4aad, postalCode=121001, st=Haryana, 
serialNumber=662a532e90644d78d21acc7a66f8fa746a569f819b8
498cde6d1a476746030b2, cn=Pankaj Virmani 
Date: 2025.11.13 14:57:05 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
Devyani International Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 6, 2025 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Devyani International's 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the  
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Devyani 
International's Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call.  
We have with us Mr. Ravi Jaipuria - Non-Executive Chairman of the Company,  
Mr. Raj Gandhi - Non-Executive Director, Mr. Virag Joshi - CEO and Whole-Time 
Director and Mr. Manish Dawar - CFO and Whole-Time Director of the Company. 
 
We will initiate the call with opening remarks from the Chairman, followed by key 
financial highlights from the CFO. Thereafter, we will have the forum open for a 
question-and-answer session.  
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier. 
 
I would now request Mr. Ravi Jaipuria to make his opening remarks. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to 
welcome you all to Devyani International's post results earnings conference call to 
discuss our performance for the second quarter of the fiscal year 2025-26.  
The second quarter of the current fiscal year, saw perhaps the most important policy 
development for consumer and retail industry. The GST Council meeting formalized 
the transition towards GST 2.0, a historic move to simplify and harmonize the GST 
framework to a 2-tier structure. While it's still early to assess the results of this 
transition, the initial signs are encouraging, and all of us have seen a significant 
upside in certain consumption categories like automobiles and durables. The impact 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
of the change has been very minimal on the QSR category and our business.  
We have already passed on the benefits of reduced input costs to consumers. 
Overall, GST 2.0 is a welcome move to broaden the consumption story in India. 
 
We continue to expand our store network with 30 additional KFC and another 3 
additional Pizza Hut stores. We also test launched Tealive by way of opening six 
new outlets during the quarter. The initial customer feedback is positive, and we plan 
to expand the brand after the test launch phase. 
 
Our recent acquisitions, Biryani By Kilo and Goila Butter Chicken continue to do well, 
and we have seen a strong momentum in the business post Dussehra.  
The integration of Sky Gate with DIL remains on track. As shared earlier, our goal is 
to achieve brand contribution breakeven by March 2026, and we are pleased to 
report steady progress towards this milestone. We remain confident of meeting this 
target. 
 
Being a festive quarter, our promotions targeted both the topical events, Pujo and 
Onam specials, as well as the core offerings. KFC saw pan-India launch of the 
“Chana Chatpata Burger” attractively priced at INR 69 and comprising of protein rich 
vegetarian patty. We have also started rolling out a new grilled chicken offering and 
new limited time offering (LTOs) in the beverage and desserts category. 
 
We launched “Ultimate Cheese crust” and “flip the cheese” in Pizza Hut across all 
channels. Customer response has been enthusiastic and has encouraged us to 
expand the offering to combos and meal offers as well. 
 
We saw both Shraavana and Navaratri fall in the same quarter, impacting out-of-
home consumption. Further, unseasonal rains, especially in eastern part of the 
country during the crucial second half of September impacted our sales.  
Despite external factors, our consolidated revenues grew to INR 1,377 crore,  
a 13% year-on-year growth.  
While the industry has navigated a challenging environment over the past few years, 
we have continued to strengthen our fundamentals and adapt to evolving consumer 
preference. The resilience of our brands, disciplined execution and ongoing 
operational improvements have enabled us to grow despite these headwinds. India's 
consumption story continues to present significant opportunities for organized 
players like us. With a strong foundation and a diversified portfolio, we are well 
positioned to capture these opportunities and deliver sustainable, profitable growth 
in the years ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
With this, I would like to conclude my address and now I hand over to Manish for the 
financial highlights. Thank you very much. 
Manish Dawar: 
Thank you Mr. Jaipuria. Good evening everyone. A very warm welcome and thank 
you for your valuable time for attending DIL's Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call. Our 17th such call since our listing in August 2021.  
We ended September 2025 with a total store count of 2,184 stores, comprising 1,100 
KFC stores and 630 Pizza Hut stores globally. As mentioned by the Chairman earlier, 
we also opened 6 outlets of Tealive during the quarter by way of test launch. 
 
The consolidated operating revenue for Q2 FY26, including Sky Gate, was INR 1,377 
crore, up 12.6% Year-on-Year. Consolidated Q2 FY26 gross profit came in at  
INR 933 crore, up 10.1% Year-on-Year, with margins at 67.8%. Brand contribution 
margin was at 11.7% versus 13.6% last year. Excluding Sky Gate, brand contribution 
would have been higher at 12.4%. The organic dip is on account of decline in margins 
in the Indian operations, slightly offset by steady performance in international 
business.  
Consolidated operating EBITDA on a pre-IND AS basis was INR 93 crore with 
margins at 6.8% versus 8.1% in the previous quarter. This quarter saw the full impact 
of consolidation of Sky Gate, which adversely impacted the margins. As guided 
earlier, we are on track to achieve the breakeven at brand contribution level for Sky 
Gate by the end of the current financial year. Excluding the Sky Gate impact, 
operating EBITDA would have been higher at 7.6%. Start-up costs related to new 
franchise brands like Tealive, New York Fries and Sanook Kitchen have also 
impacted the margin to some extent. Reported EBITDA was INR 194 crore, with 
margins standing at 14.1%.  
The Indian operations, including Sky Gate, grew 12.1% Year-on-Year to reach  
INR 937 crore in revenues. Gross margin came in at 69.7%, a decline of 1.9% versus 
the previous year, primarily on account of consolidation of Sky Gate and due to 
investments to support transactions growth in the online business. Ex-Sky Gate 
impact, gross margins of Indian operations slightly improved on a sequential basis.  
Lower gross margin, increased aggregator and delivery expenses due to higher 
saliency of off-premise sales in KFC led to overall lower brand contribution in India. 
 
Moving the discussion to our brands. KFC in India added 30 net new stores in Q2 
FY26. With this, the total store count for KFC in India stands at 734 stores as of  
30th September, and we are on track to open approximately 100 to 110 new stores 
of KFC this year. Average daily sales for Q2 FY26 at INR 89,000 reflects seasonal 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
variance. Revenues came in at INR 572 crore, up 5.3% Year-on-Year. Gross margin 
was at 68.1%. The brand contribution margin came in at 14.1% for Q2 FY26 due to 
lower gross profit margin, higher delivery and aggregator costs and deleverage on 
account of lower ADS.  
We opened 3 net new stores in Pizza Hut in Q2 FY26, ending with 621 stores in 
India. Pizza Hut India revenue for the quarter was INR 186 crore. ADS at 33,000 
remained flat on a sequential basis with SSSG at minus 4%. Gross margin was also 
stable quarter-on-quarter at 74.8%. Prudent cost control helped us in achieving near 
breakeven at the brand contribution level.  
Franchise Brands, which includes Costa Coffee, and the newer brands in India 
posted revenues of INR 51 crore, with gross margins at 73.6% and brand contribution 
of INR 5.4 crore. Brand contribution for the division includes the start-up costs 
associated with the new brands.  
Own brands, which includes Vaango, Biryani By Kilo and Goila Butter Chicken 
recorded INR 86 crore in revenues, including Sky Gate portfolio, with gross margins 
at 62.6%. 
 
Brand contribution margin came in at 0.6% again, primarily on account of 
consolidation of Sky Gate. The dilution in gross margin and brand contribution, as I 
said, is primarily owing to Sky Gate portfolio, and as mentioned earlier, we are on 
track to achieve breakeven numbers by end of current financial year. 
 
Our international business continues to demonstrate resilience and strong 
performance. Revenues reached at INR 450 crore in Q2 FY26, up 14% Year-on-
Year, with gross margins at 64%, brand contribution of INR 75 crore, representing 
16.7% margins. It's higher on a Year-on-Year basis, led by strong performance in 
Thailand. 
 
Mr. Jaipuria spoke about the introduction of GST 2.0. While it is still early days, we 
are hopeful that the savings generated through GST reduction should boost 
consumption. Our initial estimates suggest that we may get some modest benefits 
due to lower GST on slightly lower input cost. We have already passed on this benefit 
to the consumers through reduction in the prices of key SKUs of our brands. I would 
also like to reiterate that output GST for us continues to remain at the same level, 
and we are not allowed to take input tax credit on our products. 
We remain focused and disciplined in our pursuit of sustainable and profitable 
growth, leveraging our strong brands, expanding the portfolio and operational 
excellence to deliver consistent performance going forward. 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
 
 
On that note, I would like to request the moderator to open the forum for any 
questions or suggestions that you may have. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, you seemed to have optimized the promotions for KFC as the gross margin drop 
has been relatively much lower in Q2 versus what we saw in Q1. So, wanted to check 
adjusted for this shift of Navaratri in Q2, were the underlying SSSG trends for KFC 
comparable to what we saw in Q1? So that was the first question. 
Manish Dawar: 
Devanshu, you want to complete your questions or should I answer? 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Yes, please answer sir. So basic question is that promotion seems to have reduced 
because gross margin dip is relatively lower. So, I wanted to check whether the 
underlying SSSG trends in Q2 adjusted for the Navaratri share, were they broadly 
similar to what we saw in Q1, despite a reduction in promotion. So that was the first 
question. 
Manish Dawar: 
Sure. So, on a quarter-on-quarter basis, we've seen slight improvement in the gross 
margin of KFC versus, let's say, when you compare it to a year-on-year basis. And 
the reason, we supported the brand from a brand contribution point of view because 
as you know, in the current quarter, we had this peculiar situation whereby Dussehra 
and the Navaratri came in the same quarter, which was unlike the previous year. 
And therefore, we saw a kind of prolonged dip in the SSSG. But to your other 
question, in terms of net of the impact on the brand because of these two events, it 
was pretty much positive. However, the other thing that you would like to note that 
Calcutta or East is a big region for us. And during Pujo, there were very strong rains 
in East, which impacted the overall offtake. So that was the other reason which kind 
of impacted the overall KFC numbers. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Fair enough, Manish. Secondly, just a bookkeeping thing. So basic calculation 
suggest that Biryani By Kilo is at about INR 52 crore quarterly run rate and about 
INR 3 - 3.5 crore of brand level loss. So, adjusting for that, the other businesses has 
seen a very strong growth, right? So, if my calculation is right, that INR 52 crore has 
moved to INR 67 crore. So, I wanted to understand again which all portfolios are 
seeing a very strong traction there? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, overall, the brands are doing fine, as you said, because we've given the 
numbers in some places without the Sky Gate portfolio as well. We've consolidated 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Sky Gate fully during the quarter. And Sky Gate, as I mentioned earlier, was sitting 
at a double-digit brand contribution losses. We've started working on the same. We 
are hopeful that by end of this financial year, at a brand contribution level, Sky Gate, 
we will achieve the breakeven numbers. And after that, we are going to be working 
on improving the margins to kind of come back to our average portfolio margins, 
which might take a little time. But we are very confident that we'll be able to achieve 
the breakeven brand contribution numbers by March of 2026. At the same time, 
we've also tested Biryani By Kilo brand at our Bombay airport and Pune airport 
locations. The brand has seen good traction, and therefore, we are actually planning 
to expand the brand into our food court locations to test the model in the food court 
so that we are able to kind of work out the long-term strategy post our tests in various 
channels. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Yes. So, adjusted for BBK, firstly wanted to say, if the calculation was right, INR 52 
crore run rate and INR 3 crore to INR 4 crore of brand level loss? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, your calculation is right, broadly. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So, if we address this, then what is leading that 30%, 35% kind of growth.  
So, I wanted to understand that. 
Manish Dawar: 
Are you talking about only the own brands portfolio? 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Yes, yes. Only the own brands portfolio. 
Manish Dawar: 
No, for only the own brand portfolio, your inference is not correct. Because own brand 
has Vaango and Biryani By Kilo. And Vaango is pretty steady, there's no exceptional 
movement in Vaango. The dip in Brand Contribution is on account of Biryani By Kilo. 
So maybe we can connect on an offline basis to go through the numbers that you 
are working on and then we can address your query. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial.  
Gaurav Jogani: 
So, my question is in regards to the Yum Brands global commentary on Pizza Hut 
franchise. So, would you have any comments on that they are planning to 
rationalize? And if they do, what kind of an impact can it have on us? 
Manish Dawar: 
Gaurav, there are two ways to look at this. One is, let me first talk about where we 
stand versus the Yum announcement. So as far as we are concerned, all of our 
agreements are well protected. And in case of any such event, there's no difference 
that is going to impact us as far as the India business or any of the other businesses 
where we have Pizza Hut. So we are fully protected on the development agreements 
and the store level agreements that we've talked about in the past. So therefore, that 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
is not an issue. We feel, again, let's say, for example, if you were to look at the media 
reports and all, this actually might bring focus on the Pizza Hut brand, and therefore, 
it could well be positive for us. So that's how we are reading and we are optimistic 
about this whole change that Yum has announced, but let's see. It's too early to say 
because right now, they've announced only their intention. So, we've also read and 
we also know only to whatever extent you guys know. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay. Sure. Sir, just one clarification regarding KFC. Is the inference right that the 
promotional intensity has been lower on a Quarter-on-Quarter basis and hence, the 
gross margin expansion, what we have seen? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, the promotional intensity actually was higher compared to what we've seen 
because seasonally, one, it was a low quarter. Second, we had Shraavan and 
Navaratri falling in the same quarter. And hence, we actually supported the brand to 
that extra extent. So therefore, we've not reduced the promotional intensity. If at all, 
I mean, we are trying to kind of maintain the transactions because typically, in a 
quarter like this, it has a double whammy impact, and therefore, we never reduce the 
promotional intensity. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. So sir, what really led this Quarter-on-Quarter expansion in gross margin then? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, because there have been some changes in the input costs and all, but that is 
small. At the same time, we also looked at some efficiency in operations, some tweak 
in the consumptions and so on and so forth. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
So, the gross margins that we have done, can believe that this is sustainable 
because even in the quarter where you continue to maintain promotions, etc., and 
still you are able to clock these gross margins. So, should one assume that this 
should be sustainable and maybe improve going ahead? 
Manish Dawar: 
So Gaurav, on a material cost basis and the efficiency basis, obviously, it is 
sustainable. But again, depending on the promotional intensity, depending on how 
much we are pushing on online versus offline. To that extent, the gross margins can 
vary. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. And sir, just lastly on KFC only. I mean this quarter, we have seen a very strong 
expansion on the storefront. So, any guidance that you can give on store expansion 
both on the KFC and the Pizza Hut and that would be the last question from me. 
Manish Dawar: 
Gaurav, we've talked about in the past at KFC, we are planning to open about 100 
to 110 outlets, and we remain firm on our guidance. We will open those number of 
outlets. And you will see, I mean, we've demonstrated in the current quarter, we've 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
opened about 30 KFC outlets. So, we will be able to meet those numbers. As far as 
Pizza Hut is concerned, as I have mentioned on the call earlier, we optimized our 
commentary on the net new units. As I said, we are kind of in negotiations with Yum 
on various other things. So that is still on. And therefore, on Pizza Hut also, we are 
talking about muted net new units. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Jignanshu Gor from Bernstein.  
Jignanshu Gor: 
I just had one question on KFC. First, a lot of the new promos that you are seeing or 
the menu items that you are seeing, this seem to be special initiatives for driving 
walk-ins because for example, Chana Burger, only a combination of two is available 
online, not individual, right? Masala rice, I can't find even in Hyderabad, etc. Our 
dine-in has reduced considerably, right, Year-on-Year. So how are you seeing your 
efforts in driving demand? Like what is your primary focus? Is it either demand? Is it 
dine-in demand? Or how are you optimizing for that? 
Manish Dawar: 
Jignanshu, see, if you look at, let's say, the overall consumer trends, they are kind 
of moving in favour of home delivery, right. And there's a very strong traction behind 
delivery. And hence, we are putting in some extra efforts to make sure that our  
dine-in also continues to be relevant. And as you know, dine-in channel is more 
profitable for us. And we are taking efforts so that we are able to attract consumers 
into the stores and continue to make dine-in a robust business. 
Jignanshu Gor: 
But have you seen a trend there that your existing customers are preferring delivery 
and only new customers are predominantly dine-in. So, are you swimming against 
the tide in a way by trying to do that? So just want to get a sense of whether you see 
this shift towards delivery stabilizing at some point? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, you are able to see the shift across all the companies, right. Whether you look 
at e-commerce, quick commerce, QSR, I mean, that shift is there everywhere. At the 
same time, for example, in our portfolio, we need to have the stores to be able to 
service the consumers. It's not a situation like Amazon or a Flipkart or quick 
commerce that you can get into dark warehouses and start to service the consumer 
from there. And hence, we need to make the efforts to be able to maintain salience 
in the dine-in channel. Also, if you look at the large malls, if you look at the prime 
retail locations, walk-in in still strong. So therefore, just because the consumption 
trend is moving towards home delivery does not mean that we should not focus on 
dine-in. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie Capital.  
Avi Mehta: 
I wanted to just get your updated thoughts on the expectations that you would look 
to stabilize discounting in second half, any change in that thought? And if yes and if 
no, how do you see margin performance as we move into the second half across the 
formats? That's my first question. 
Manish Dawar: 
See, as I said, during the previous quarter, we had Shraavana and Navaratri falling 
in same month, which kind of impacts the non-vegetarian sales and we made extra 
efforts to support the business with the promotions and all. Obviously, going forward, 
we will try and optimize that a little bit because obviously one, quarter 3 is a big 
quarter and then December is an exceptional period. Therefore, let's see how it kind 
of shapes up moving towards December and then we'll take that call. But the idea is 
to kind of balance out the online promotions versus what we are offering in the offline 
channel to have a good balance in terms of the dine-in contribution as well as the 
margins. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it. Just wanted to check if there's any quantum of the impact from the change in 
festive season timing and your sense on how the demand environment is behaving 
so as to get a perspective of how do we look at future quarters? 
Manish Dawar: 
Avi, demand environment, in our view, continues to be weak. And therefore, we've 
seen that whenever, let's say, we do some promotions or increase promotional 
intensity, it kind of picks up very well. And the moment you kind of withdraw that, it 
falls back, which kind of signifies that the overall consumption side continues to be 
weak. The consumers are becoming very value conscious because we've seen the 
lower value items pick up very fast. So therefore, we are working on innovation in 
that segment as well. You would have seen the promotions around the whole Epic 
Savers campaign where we are promoting the value layer. Similarly, the Chana 
Burger launch is also catering to the same sentiment. So, we are making those 
efforts trying to balance the margins with transaction growth, and that's how it is kind 
of panning out. 
Avi Mehta: 
So maybe if I could clarify just the question was that we saw minus 4% SSSG in 
KFC, but obviously, some amount of impact is there from rains, from the timing of 
the festive period. So, your best guess if we had to adjust for that would be what kind 
of same-store sales growth for KFC in the last quarter? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, if I were to adjust for, Shraavana and Navaratri, and Pooja, which got washed 
out because of the rains. Now all of these things are very very difficult to pinpoint in 
terms of what is the exact impact. But let's say, if I were to take out that period, then 
it's kind of a much better number versus what we've reported. 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Avi Mehta: 
So where I'm going with this is the underlying trends are more flattish or still 
moderating. That's what I was trying to kind of appreciate more. 
Manish Dawar: 
Still moderately negative. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Dhananjay Bagrodia from Alchemy.  
Dhananjay Bagrodia: Just wanted to ask you, sir, how we have looked at our market share data across the 
segment? I know it's a little hard to quantify, but how would you read it? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, there is no formal mechanism, Dhananjay, in this sector to report or kind of 
measure the market data. So, we don't have Nielsen’s of the world covering QSR 
category. And then there are multiple categories within the QSR in terms of chicken, 
in terms of the pizza and the coffee and the burger and so on and so forth. So 
therefore, I mean, while we estimate our numbers on the basis of some inputs from 
the online channel, some inputs on the basis of our own market intelligence from our 
field teams and all, but I would not like to quote these numbers because they are not 
based on any public source. 
Dhananjay Bagrodia: Okay. So sir, I'll tell you why I'm asking this. See, we understand there's a consumer 
slowdown, but in that, there are obviously in some spaces, we've seen like even 
alcohol beverages, some companies are doing better than the other one. And this, 
unfortunately, we only have QSR who have the same segments. So we're just trying 
to understand, could it be that these pizza and chicken are facing issues, but let's 
say, healthy options are doing better. Is there anything like that which we could 
quantify? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, there's no measure available. That's what I said, nobody is measuring this 
market on a formal basis. And there are a lot of these local brands which are also 
there. So it's kind of hard to estimate as we discuss. 
Dhananjay Bagrodia: Okay. And maybe this is missed, but how are we seeing signs of demand picking 
up? And how do we see in terms of us gaining market share from whatever we are 
doing to gain market share going ahead? 
Manish Dawar: 
See in this category, for example, let's say, this is a category where you need to have 
a physical location to be able to get the consumers either online or on offline basis. 
So, this is not a distribution model that you can push into distribution and you can 
generate the demand. And hence, your physical presence of the store or the kitchen 
to be able to service the consumer also is very important. And hence, the number of 
stores, the penetration of those stores, the location of those stores also matter a lot. 
So therefore, you'll not be able to apply the traditional FMCG principles to this one. 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Saurabh Kundan from Goldman Sachs.  
Saurabh Kundan: 
Just one question on the Thailand business, it seems to be growing at a decent pace. 
Any guidance you could give us on store additions there for the rest of the year and 
generally next year, etc.? And overall, for the international business, the margins that 
we see in the first half, should those sustain going forward?  
Manish Dawar: 
Saurabh, on Thailand, we have talked about opening ~ 20 - 21 stores during this 
year, as far as KFC is concerned. So, we stay with the same numbers. There's no 
change. And as far as the future is concerned, we will be kind of optimizing these 
numbers a little bit because there is a negative SSSG that we've seen in Thailand 
also, while we continue to maintain the profitability. But there are these early signs 
because Thailand, as you know, is sitting at close to almost 1,150 KFC stores for a 
small country like Thailand, and hence, we are doing the entire market study to 
understand and we are working with Yum to see what is the potential of the market 
and to ensure that we continue to maintain the growth through the store openings as 
well as SSSG. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Okay. Just one very quick question on the Sky Gate brand. You will break even by 
the end of this financial year. I wanted to ask on the product side or the process 
because I recall Biryani By Kilo used to take a lot of time to prepare, etc. Have you 
made changes to that or you haven't touched that part of the business? 
Manish Dawar: 
So Saurabh, as far as the regular channel is concerned, we've not touched that part 
at all because it's a very strong brand and therefore, we've not tinkered with anything. 
However, when we launched the brand in the airports, which is Bombay and Pune 
Airport, obviously, the consumer is not going to wait at the airport with those kind of 
kitchen preparation times. And therefore, we've optimized the entire preparation 
process to be able to give the faster delivery to consumer and we will be applying 
the same process as far as our food courts is also concerned. But in the regular 
channels, we are not touching the product at all, as of now. And even, for example, 
all the tests that we've done, all the blind studies that we've done for the airport and 
food court perspective, obviously, the mode of packaging and mode of delivery to 
the consumer is different. But otherwise, in terms of ingredients, it's the same. 
Process is different, and therefore, we kind of are able to achieve faster delivery 
times without compromising on the product quality or the taste or the flavours. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Citi.  
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Ashish Kanodia: 
The first question is just on the demand side, like, I understand Q2 had multiple 
moving pieces, but if you look at October and just first few days of November, at 
least on ground, are you seeing any improvement in the demand trend? Or is it still 
muted in the last, say, 35, 40 days? 
Manish Dawar: 
Ashish, obviously, because, as you know, I mean, quarter 3 is a big quarter typically, 
and that comes and that plays out in the month of December. So, October is no 
different. But we've seen some difference post Dussehra. Let's see whether it 
sustains the momentum or not. But overall, let's say, if you were to ask me what is 
the one-word conclusion, it remains muted. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure. The second part was on the Thailand business. I think while the SSSG is 
negative, we are seeing margin improvement there. So, from a free cash flow point 
of view, how should we think about the Thailand business? Because I think from next 
year, maybe you will start optimizing the store expansion as well. So, the capex 
intensity also goes down. So, when do you see Thailand generating free cash flow? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, on an operational basis, obviously, it will be there, but we do have some debt 
sitting in the balance sheet. And therefore, we need to repay that debt, which is sitting 
in the Thailand balance sheet. At the same time, we've also tested Tealive in 
Thailand, and we've opened about three stores. As I said, we are doing the test 
launch. Let's see how the results are. And therefore, if the results are good and we 
expand the Tealive network there, then that will kind of consume some bit of cash. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure, Manish. And last one is, like when you look at in India across the franchisee 
brands and your own brands, like broadly, what kind of a store expansion you are 
looking in current financial year and maybe next financial year? And broadly, if you 
can also help us with what kind of a capex we should assume just for the franchisee 
and your own brands? Because the challenge is some of them will be airport stores, 
some of them could be delivery stores. So if you can give us some sense on that? 
Manish Dawar: 
Overall, between franchise brands and owned brands put together, we are looking 
at about adding 100-odd stores, which includes, let's say, as I said, there could be 
some on a test phase basis, Biryani By Kilo, we'll be expanding into the retail 
channel. Vaango, we continue to expand. And the capex on those 100 stores will be 
small. It will be at best, whatever, INR 50-odd crore, not more than that. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
So, Manish, on the 100 stores, is it the current financial year when you plan to add 
net new additions? 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, 100 net, correct. 
 Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today.  
I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you very much. We hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more 
about the Company, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team. Thank 
you once again for your interest and support and for taking the time out to join us on 
this call. Thank you. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
 
