 
 
 
 
Date: 31st October, 2025 
 
 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Investor Call pertaining to Financial Results for quarter and half 
year ended on 30th September, 2025 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript 
of the Investor Call held on Monday, 27th October, 2025 on the financial result of the 
Company for the quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 2025. 
 
The transcript will also available on the website of the Company at 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
 
This is for your information and further dissemination.  
 
Thanking you, 
For Sona BLW Precision Forgings Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ajay Pratap Singh 
Senior Vice President  - Group General Counsel,  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Enclosed as above; 
BSE Ltd. 
Regd. Office: Floor - 25,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 543300 
NSE Scrip:  SONACOMS 
Ajay Pratap 
Singh
Digitally signed by 
Ajay Pratap Singh 
Date: 2025.10.31 
17:42:27 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 27, 2025 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed through the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, and welcome to Sona 
Comstar’s Q2 FY26 earnings group conference call. Please note that all 
participant lines are in the listen-only mode as of now. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please 
note that this call is being recorded. We request that you place your lines on 
mute except when asking a question.  
 
Slide 2: 
 
Some of the statements by the management team in today's conference 
call may be forward-looking in nature, and we request you to refer to the 
disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details. The management 
will also not be taking any specific customer-related questions or confirming 
or denying any customer names or relationships due to confidentiality 
reasons. Please refrain from naming any customer in your questions. 
 
Now, I'll hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh, Head of Consumer and Digital 
Commerce Research, India, and Lead Autos Analyst at Nomura. Kapil, 
please go ahead.  
Kapil Singh: 
Thanks, Deanna. Good day, everyone. To take us through Q1 FY26 results 
and to answer your questions, we have the management team of Sona 
Comstar led by Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh - MD and Group CEO, Mr. V. Vikram 
Verma - Whole time Director and CEO, Driveline Business, Mr. Sat Mohan 
Gupta - CEO, Motor Business, Mr. Rohit Nanda - Group CFO, Mr. Amit Mishra 
- Head, Railway Business and Mr. Pratik Sachan - GM, Corporate Strategy 
and Investor Relations. I’ll pass it on to you, Vivek, for the opening remarks on 
the presentation. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Kapil  
Slide 4: 
Thank you, Kapil. And after 3 quarters, we are back to saying our favourite 
opening statement. So, welcome all of you to the earnings call for our best-

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
ever quarter, where we have achieved our highest-ever quarterly revenue, 
EBITDA, and net profit.  
Now long-term shareholders will know about us, and we keep writing about 
it in the annual report. We as a company aspire to become one day anti-
fragile. What that exactly means is that we don't want to be a company that's 
just resilient in the face of external shocks, but we want to become someone 
who gains from disorder. Our performance in this quarter underscores, I would 
say, the first part of the anti-fragility hypothesis. And if you remember, 6 
months ago in our Q4 FY25 earnings call, I said that we expect many 
opportunities to emerge from the current global disorder. We believed that 
many weaker players may not survive this disorder, while strong companies 
with technology moats and bulletproof financial foundations like ours would 
consolidate and grow over the medium term. I think we are already halfway 
there. In the past 6 months, 3 of our direct competitors in Europe have filed 
for insolvency proceedings. This has resulted in an unprecedented increase 
in inquiries from European customers to us. Hopefully, in the next few quarters 
to come, we can win significant new orders from Europe, add them to our 
order book, and hence in some way prove the second part of that anti-
fragility hypothesis, which is that we have built a company that gains 
whenever large disorders happen in the ecosystem.  
Now, as our policy has always been, when talking to our owners, 
shareholders, we will begin with the challenges. First, one of our global 
customers continues to face demand challenges, and this is particularly in 
the sales of one specific model, which has seen a significant drop. This has 
had a noticeable effect on our EV revenue in both the second quarter as 
well as the first half of the year. Second, since 8th April, it has been widely 
reported that China has stopped supplying heavy rare-earth magnets. This 
shortage has impacted the production of EV traction motors for us in Q1. In 
response, what we did was we shifted to alternative motor designs that do 
not rely on heavy rare-earth magnets. So now we also manufacture our 
motors using light rare-earth magnets, and in this quarter, we have also 
successfully developed, tested, and validated a rare-earth-free Ferrite 
Assisted Synchronous Reluctance Motor for electric three-wheelers and light 
commercial vehicles.  
Third, again, in the news a lot, but uncertainties regarding the USA and the 
tariffs, they continue to persist during the 2nd quarter. However, I would like 
to add that the recent decision by the US administration to extend tariff relief 
on vehicles assembled in the US for 5 years should benefit our US customers, 
who are predominantly assembling their vehicles locally within the US. 
Coming now to the good news, and the good news is that despite all of these 
challenges, we have achieved our highest-ever revenue, EBITDA and net 
profit numbers in the quarter.  
There is more good news. We have won our first order for our new driveline 
plant in Mexico to supply differential assemblies to an OEM in the US. This order 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
 
win is meaningful given the current uncertainties regarding tariffs and trade 
policies. We have also been nominated for two more programs for our motors 
and motor controllers for the predictive active suspension systems. One 
nomination is from an existing customer, an Asian EV OEM, and the second is 
from a European OEM of luxury performance cars. These nominations are 
significant, as they show that our innovative suspension system has begun to 
gain wider acceptance within just months of its first commercial launch, 
which is very encouraging when you make a new product for the first time.  
Additionally, we have collaborated with Neura Robotics of Germany to jointly 
develop advanced components and technologies with a focus on 
industrializing robots, cobots, and humanoids in India as well as other markets.  
In terms of end markets, I'll keep it short. The growth has primarily been from 
trains, tractors, and traction motors. So, the railway segment, the off-highway 
segment, and electric two-wheelers, these are where we see growth. The 
other ones are flattish to moderate growth. 
Slide 5: 
Now shifting to our performance in the last quarter, in financial terms, our 
revenue grew by 24% year on year. While EBITDA and net profit increased by 
13% and 20% respectively, we have also managed to come back to our 25% 
EBITDA and are nearly there on 15% PAT numbers.  
And at the cost of being blamed for self-indulgence or even worse self-praise, 
I would like to say that it is quite remarkable to see this resilience in action, 
especially when the odds were so spectacularly stacked against us in every 
single market, every single macro. I think we've not only persevered, we have 
come out stronger than we have ever been before. Now, many companies 
are good at navigating calm waters, but I think it's commendable that our 
team can sail through even stormy and choppy seas. And I could not be 
more prouder of our business leaders and our entire team for making this 
possible. 
Moving on to the not-so-good part, BEV revenue has declined by 17% in the 
last quarter. The revenue share because of this has fallen to 32%. Now, this 
decline is not a reflection of the general industry trends. It is primarily due to 
one customer, and a large part of it is linked to actually a single model 
decline for us. In response to this, we have undertaken a review of our entire 
order book and corrected it to reflect the true picture. And I'll provide more 
details on this when we come to that slide later.  
Slide 6: 
So, despite a pretty stellar Q2, if I say so myself, our financial performance in 
the first half of the year has still been modest due to the exceptionally weak 
Q1. Our revenue and PAT are up by 10% and 4% respectively, while EBITDA is 
actually lower by 3%. ROE and ROCE have declined to 13% and 16% 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
respectively, and this is because of the equity capital issue that we did in 
September 2024, and the full-year effect has come into the denominator 
now. We expect the return ratios to start improving gradually as we invest the 
cash that we have in various growth initiatives that we have outlined.  
Slide 9: 
Now we move to an update on our first strategic priority, which is 
electrification. Our BEV revenue share has declined from 35% in H1 of last year 
to 30%. BEV revenue in rupee terms has also decreased by 21% to ₹4.75 billion. 
As I mentioned before, this decline is primarily due to a single customer and 
is largely linked to a single model. We continue to build on our EV order book. 
We now have 62 EV programs across 32 customers, 33 of these programs are 
in production. 19 are fully matured and completely ramped up, and 14 are 
still in the ramp-up phase, and the remaining 29 are not yet in production and 
will start during this or the following years.  
Slide 10: 
Now, as we previously told you, the first car model with ClearMotion's fully 
active suspension system was launched earlier this year. ClearMotion's 
innovative suspension technology is controlled by Sona Comstar's BLDC 
motor and motor controller-based actuator. As we anticipated from the very 
beginning, I'd say, this technology is now finding deployment across more 
models.  
We've been nominated for two more programs to supply these suspension 
systems. One nomination is from an existing customer, an Asian EV OEM. And 
the second is from a new customer for us, a European OEM of luxury 
performance cars. These nominations, while not very big in size, are proof that 
the innovation and the technology that we've deployed in these suspension 
systems has begun to win acceptance, and within months of its first 
commercial launch, these two nominations have an order value of, as you 
can see on the screen, about ₹8.2 billion in the lifetime, and they're expected 
both to start production in Q2 of FY 27.  
Slide 12: 
This brings me to our net order book, and as a matter of prudence, we have 
reviewed all the programs in our order book and proactively removed all 
those with low visibility of future production volumes. This we've done in order 
to present an accurate picture of the order book to the outside world as well 
as for our own planning purposes. The consumption of ₹36 billion includes the 
residual value of all the programs that have been removed from the order 
book. Now we've also had fresh additions of ₹10 billion worth of new orders. 
So, with that, netting that off, our net order book now stands at ₹236 billion, 
and the EV share continues to remain high at 70% of this order book. The 
current order book also includes the railway business. It has orders worth ₹13 
billion, which are obviously of shorter duration because it is a different nature 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
 
of the industry, and they are expected to be executed mainly within the next 
12 months.  
Slide 13: 
As I mentioned earlier, we've secured our first program for the new driveline 
plant in Mexico, from where we will supply differential assemblies to a 
recreational vehicle OEM in the US. This program has added 2.6 billion to our 
order book with production expected to start in the second quarter of FY 28. 
This is a second order from this customer, which obviously shows confidence 
of the customer in us, but it's very significant, given the current geopolitical 
and trade environment, and shows that we were right in opening or 
launching our Mexico plant last year when we did so.  
Slide 15: 
Our fourth priority is diversification, and this quarter we really wanted to 
highlight how over the last couple of years we have actively diversified across 
our revenue mix, be it geography, product, market segment, as well as 
customer base. We have, as some of you would know, consistently held the 
view that global light vehicle sales are unlikely to grow very significantly in the 
medium term. Therefore, as a major global player in our product segments 
with high growth aspirations, we are hyper-aware that we need to diversify 
into alternative modes of mobility, as well as the urgency to expand our 
product range and our global market footprint. So, not either or, this is an all 
three at once situation.  
Now with 70% of our revenue coming from export markets, we have obviously 
been working to reduce the potential risk posed by the changing geopolitical 
dynamics. This is the reason why we expanded into the railway segment, and 
this is why we have been focusing on expanding our presence in the east, 
which obviously includes India. These shifts are not only giving us new growth 
opportunities, but they also position us for success when the environment is so 
chaotic and rapidly evolving.  
Today, geographically, India is our largest end market in H1. It accounts for 
45% of our revenue for the first half. North America has become our second 
largest market, contributing 30%, and significantly, and for us it's quite a shift. 
For the first time since we went public, we've achieved higher revenue from 
the eastern markets than we do from the West.  
I'd like to add that after careful consideration, we have decided to put a 
proposed joint venture with JNT in China in abeyance. This decision is based 
mostly on geopolitical factors and the need to prioritize other active capital 
allocation decisions. We remain in touch with JNT, and hopefully, we'll do 
some other things together, but for now, the joint venture is in abeyance till 
things change.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
 
Now moving to products, our fastest growing product segments this quarter 
has been EV traction motors, where we've overcome, I'd say, almost 
insurmountable seeming difficulties to deliver our motors, manufacture them 
using alternate technologies and designs. And, of course, the railway brake 
systems. This, of course, reflects in the product mix, which has changed quite 
a lot.  
Even when you come to market segment, revenue share from non-
automotive sectors has gone from 10% to 29% in H1 of this year. The off-
highway market has also been a very bright spot for us, especially in the 
Indian context.  
Slide 16: 
We're always in pursuit of risk optimization, through diversification in our 
customer mix as well. And this we wanted to share with you for this time 
because there has been a lot of change that has happened over the last 2.5 
to 3.5 years. So, if you look at this thing, there is so much diversification and so 
much growth in the customer base. In Q2, the top 5 customers contribute 51% 
of total revenue. This is down from 62%, 3.5 years ago in FY22. Additionally, the 
contribution from our top 10 customers has been reduced to 72% from 80%. 
And the biggest points to note are these: our largest customer, plus 2 of the 
top 5 customers and 3 of the top 10 customers, were not even present in our 
customer base in FY22. The largest customer today was not there. 2 in the top 
5, and 3 of the top 10 are actually customers we have added in this duration 
and grown our business with them to get them into the top 10. This shows the 
success of our ability to continually add new customers at scale and to 
diversify with agility. We've doubled our revenue run rate since FY22, mind 
you, so this is in a much larger pie. And this is despite our largest EV customer, 
their contribution to our revenue declining from 23% in FY22 to a mere 6% 
now. Despite this large change, we have managed to deliver, I would say, 
fairly strong growth.  
With this, I turn to our group CTO, Praveen, to update us on technology. So 
over to you, Praveen.  
Praveen Rao: 
Thank you, Vivek. Good evening, everyone. 
Slide 18: 
We are progressing very well on our technology roadmap. As you all might 
know, we recently signed an MOU with Neura Robotics of Germany. Neura is 
a pioneer in the field of cognitive robotics. This strategic collaboration aims 
to jointly develop advanced technologies, components, and sub-
assemblies, as well as industrialization of robots and humanoids for India and 
mutually agreed markets. With this strong foray into robots and humanoid 
space, several of our products listed on our technology roadmap that you 
see will now transition from pure concept to prototype testing and 
development phase.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
 
Slide 19: 
We are also pleased to inform that we have successfully developed and 
tested rare-earth-free traction motors. These ferrite-assisted motors are based 
on synchronous reluctance technology. For both mid-drive and hub motors, 
as the name suggests, these motors do not use rare earth magnets and 
therefore are not dependent on China raw materials and manufacturing. The 
performance of these motors has been tested in the lab, in actual road 
conditions, and found comparable to existing technology.  
We plan to offer these products to OEMs of electric 2-wheelers, 3-wheelers, 
and light commercial vehicles. An important innovation introduced in this 
product will also remove the last bit of rare earth magnet, which is part of the 
rotor position sensor. The sensor, based on the induction principle with copper 
coils, delivers the same performance and can be applied across other motor 
technologies.  
Slide 20: 
The shift is vividly captured in these pictures, showing the impact CO2 and 
other harmful emissions from IC engines have on plants and life in general to 
moderate effect from rare-earth technologies to a complete green 
technology like rare-earth-free magnet motor technology with minimum 
impact on the environment. In summary, as technology shifts from IC engines 
to EV and we continue to be challenged by uncertainties in the global supply 
chain, Sona Comstar will play a pivotal role in rapidly developing cleaner and 
greener technologies.  
With this, I now hand over to Rohit to cover the financial update. 
Rohit Nanda: 
Very good evening to you all. It's my pleasure to share our second quarter 
and half yearly results FY 2026.  
 
Slide 22: 
We clocked a revenue of Our revenue for the quarter grew by 24% to the 
highest ever number of ₹1,144 Crores. It includes the first full year quarter of 
railway business revenue after we completed the acquisition on 1st of June. 
Our BEV revenue declined by 17% and constituted 32% of our automotive 
revenue. Our EBITDA has grown by 13% in the same period to ₹289 crore. 
EBITDA margin is lower by 2.3% compared to the same quarter last year, and 
that's primarily due to product mix and operational leverage. Our profit after 
tax grew by 20% to ₹173 crore and margin was lower by 0.6% due to 
transmission of lower bidder margin through PAT.  
Slide 23: 
Moving on to the first half results. For the first half, our revenue has grown by 
10% to ₹1,994 crore. Our BEV revenue declined by 21% and was about 30% 
of our automotive revenue. Our EBITDA declined by 3% year on year to ₹492 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
 
crores as margin was lower by 3.2%, primarily on account of operating 
leverage and product mix. Our profit after tax grew by 4% to ₹298 crore and 
margin was lower by 1.1% due to transmission of lower EBITDA margin, 
although there was a higher net interest income.  
Slide 24: 
Coming onto the cash flows, we generated ₹340 crores as cash from 
operations in the first half of the year and spent about ₹198 crores on CAPEX. 
Besides this, in the first half, we also saw major cash outflows on account of 
railway business acquisition and last tranche payment of NOVELIC 
acquisition, aggregating to nearly ₹1,700 crore. There was a dividend 
distribution of ₹100 crores, and there was a purchase of land for the railway 
business, future expansion - ₹110 crores. Uh, this has left us with close to ₹1,000 
crores of cash at the end of the first half. 
Slide 25: 
This brings us to the last slide in the presentation, which is on the key ratios. I 
had explained in the last quarter also when we first time consolidated one-
month railway numbers that there has been a change in some of the ratios 
like value addition to employee costs, working capital, and fixed asset 
turnover ratios due to the addition of railway business, as this newly acquired 
business has a different cost structure, working capital terms and for the 
same business, there's been purchase of additional land. All of these things 
have affected these three ratios. Apart from this, return on capital employed 
and return on equity have dipped because of the capital raise that we did 
last year, which is now fully reflected in the denominators of these ratios.  
We expect these ratios to improve in the quarters and years ahead. On the 
negative net debt issue, the negative net debt has come down because 
we've discharged the purchase consideration of railway business, because 
of which negative net debt, that negative number has reduced.  
With this, we've come to the end of our second quarter's earnings 
presentation, and I'll now hand the proceedings back to the Nomura team 
for Q&A. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much for the presentation. We now open the floor to the 
Q&A session. If you wish to raise a question, please use the raise hand button 
located at the bottom right of the Webex page. We will unmute your line 
and prompt you to speak, or you may submit your questions via Q&A chat 
box, addressing all panelists. Please be reminded to keep your questions to 
a maximum of two questions. If you have more questions, please return to 
the queue. Thank you. The first question goes to Amyn. Your line is unmuted. 
Please go ahead. 
Amyn Pirani:  
Congratulations on the business improvement. Two questions. First of all, you 
mentioned something around, you know, some of your peers, direct 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
 
competitors in Europe, you know, are facing financial difficulties, and you 
have seen an improvement in inquiries. So, these players were currently 
supplying to some of your potential customers from Europe, and it is now 
possible that these customers may want to look out for sourcing from India. Is 
that how we should understand it? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yes. But that's a very short answer, so I'll elaborate. You are right. So, I 
anticipated that this would happen, as you know, with the thin margins they 
have, and Europe's been affected also by the loss of the export opportunity 
in the US, so they double whammed in this space. So they're not just in 
financial difficulties. I think 3 of them have filed for insolvency proceedings. 
One is now the court has adjudicated that it should be liquidated. The other 
one is also heading that way. Third one, we don't know. But when so much 
uncertainty arises in the supply chain, let's say one of our suppliers filed for 
insolvency, I would be on top of that and telling our procurement team to 
diversify away immediately and get me somebody who can do those parts 
as soon as possible. And these all three are driveline players. So, they are all 
either differential assembly or differential gear makers. And there aren't that 
many to begin with, so there aren't that many choices. So yeah, that's why 
the inquiries and that's why the urgency. 
Amyn Pirani:  
Ok, that's, that's helpful. And, secondly, on the you know, on the JV 
abeyance in China. So, you know, maybe slightly, you know, something that 
we have been discussing for a while, the opportunity from Chinese OEMs is 
something that we haven't been able to tap in yet. And this was supposed 
to be a starting point for doing something. So, are we still doing other things? 
Is there something that, you know, you can share as to how we could address 
this large opportunity of Chinese EV OEMs? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, so this one, as you know, I have to be very careful in answering for a 
variety of reasons, but for now, I think the opportunity in China, we will pursue 
with very high degree of caution. What we can do with our existing plant in 
China, we will continue to address, as you know, we have a plant there. What 
we can export from here to China, we'll continue to do. But obviously, if things 
change, there are certain factors, the lead indicators, if they could change, 
yes, I think there is a business rationale to do it again. That's why our 
engagement with JNT is still strong. We will pick it up where we left off, but 
some things on the ground have to change before that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question goes to Gunjan. Hi, Ms. Gunjan, your line is 
unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Ok, good to have the business come back. Honestly, it's good to see the 
growth coming back in the business and, you know, best wishes that, you 
know, we get back to our earlier growth trajectory. I had two questions. Firstly, 
you know, Vivek, you always bring up the headwinds right up front. So, I also 
wanted to sort of hear your thoughts on two specific issues that we see 
cropping up. One is this whole Nexperia chips issue, how big, you know, you 
are picking up that as a risk to the LCV production and the aluminum plant 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
 
fire that has happened at the Novelis plant. I mean, I am just trying to get a 
guess, you know, get some sense from you. Are these risks from the next 3 to 
6 months' perspective for our customers? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, excellent question, Gunjan, because these are both risks that have 
suddenly cropped up recently and did not affect us in the last quarter. We 
are still evaluating now. The Nexperia one is limited because, as you know, 
European customers' exposure, especially in the passenger vehicle segment, 
where this is there, is lower for us. Nexperia chips are used widely, but Europe 
seems to be far more affected than other geographies. We also in-house use 
some Nexperia chips, so our purchase team has been on it. However, the 
larger issue, as you know, always is if our customers cannot resource; 
whatever we can do at our end does not really help because a 99% car has 
no value. Every part should be there. So, we are monitoring it. For us, I would 
say it is not that big a risk because of the way we are exposed to and the 
kind of customers we're exposed to. Let's see. The Novelis Fire, of course, does 
have an impact on one of our larger customers. So, Sat, if you want to answer 
that one.  
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
Novelis Fire is impacting the F-series truck for Ford Motor Company. There is 
definitely the production level that has gone down for all the models. We are 
primarily supplying for a series, which is a diesel series, and it's 250, 350, and F 
650. So there is some impact, but it's not a major impact, what we are seeing. 
So the releases from the customer are very, it's not drastically, it came down, 
so there is some impact, but it's not a major impact. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, so good that both of these are low risk for us, given our exposure to 
what kind of customers, what kind of models, etc., but we are monitoring 
them actively. Are there any second-order effects of these? We can't tell so 
far, but we are on it. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Ok, got it. And the second question is on the suspension system. You know, if 
you can just share a little bit more on how we should see this business revenue 
building up, you know, from one customer to now being nominated to a 
couple of more customers, and also just a clarification, why do you call it 
nomination and not an order when I mean. Is there something that I should 
be reading into the nomenclature? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Ok, because ClearMotion is our customer, and this is an order that 
ClearMotion has received, so the quantity has increased, hence that term, 
because it is not a direct order to us, right? ClearMotion has to supply. We 
supply to ClearMotion. So that's the nomenclature, not much to differentiate 
between direct and indirect. I think that revenue buildup will still take time. 
When you introduce a brand-new product that changes how old technology 
works, right? You have early adopters, you have one guy who actually sticks 
their neck out, develops it to ClearMotion. We have been working on this for 
4 years, and the customer who did it first, Nio. Then it starts with other people, 
after it is commercially launched, only then can they actually try to replicate. 
So, it's heartening that we have one more from Nio itself and then one new 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
 
customer. But it will be gradual, and it will take time to go from that upper 
end niche EV vehicles to a more mass thing. It all changes when the first large 
volume customer comes, so it's kind of binary Gunjan, you know, when 
anybody who makes more than 1 or 2 million cars picks it up, that's when it 
genuinely starts taking off. So we don't know is what we can say at this point, 
but the day that happens, that's when the takeoff is almost vertical. 
Kapil Singh:  
Got quite a few questions in the chat box. So I'll just read out some of those. 
Firstly, it's from Jinesh. He's asking about the Mexico plant. What is the visibility 
for ramp up of this plant? Do you plan to shift some programs from India to 
Mexico? And what is the revenue potential from this plant? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, it is Vikram's baby, so let him answer. He started this plant, and rightfully, 
the success of that plant should be answered by him. So, Vikram, over to you. 
V Vikram Verma:  
Well, when we started, it was for a large OEM customer, originally; that was 
how it was perceived, conceived, that project. Then we shifted some 
business because the customer wanted it. This is again the recreational 
vehicle which Vivek spoke about. So we are in the present stage of 
productionizing those, which is the business transferred from here. But, 
however, Mexico in itself is able to win business, and this is again coming from 
the same customer, but we see traction of many customers in North America 
and Mexico that they would like to develop from that plant. So that plant has 
a lot of potential to expand. We can't tell it as of now because as the 
equations keep changing. There, we will see. How it grows. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  But I’ll add to what Vikram said, Jinesh, to your question. It's a good one. If 
you remember when we actually announced the inauguration of this plant, 
I think it was April, May last year, we had actually said that this is not a 
defensive move against any trade realignment. This is an offensive move 
because each business unit or each plant that we set up, we like for it to be 
entrepreneurial and start building business, getting profits and earning 
revenue on its own. Their business development has to build the business for 
them, and it's not just a shifting thing. Shifting things around. I mean, 
sometimes it can be necessitated by external conditions, but that is not an 
ideal way to start a new investment because you have basically taken 
something from somewhere where your return was decent and put it 
somewhere else to justify the capex invested in the other place. I don't think 
there is currently any plan to shift anything. Equations, as you know, on the 
final tariff outcome, what will be USMCA, will USMCA be respected? All those 
things are still unclear. But it is a good optionality to have this. What I keep 
saying is that if at low cost you can build an option that, if a really bad 
scenario emerges, can you shift in a pitch? Yes, we can. So that option we'll 
retake, but that's not the primary objective. The primary objective is for this to 
be a revenue and business generating unit of its own. 
Kapil Singh:  
Ok. Another question is updates on NOVELIC product commercialization, 
and new product pipeline and roadmap for railways. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sure. So NOVELIC, as you know, we have won an order. I think 
productionization should start in a couple of quarters that we will start to 
supply. So productionization, if any investor wants to visit us in our new SMT 
line in Chennai, we'll be very happy to show them how the production is 
happening. But the SOP of the customer has to start for serial production to 
start. New product pipeline and roadmap for railways, I will like for the new 
Head of Railway Business, Amit Mishra to answer. Amit, over to you. 
Amit Mishra:  
Hi everyone. So on the railway, we spoke last quarter as well. So now we have 
spent about 5 months in the business. We are very optimistic about the 
potential that the business presents from a medium-term perspective. As of 
now, we are working on meeting the demand, as you can see from the order 
book as well, there is order book, which is higher than what the business run 
rate is. So we have to scale up to meet the demand, which is, which is quite 
strong. Over the medium term, we have to add new products. We are 
working on our existing product, adding new varieties of brakes, couplers, 
suspension, and then we have identified new areas where we'll enter from 
the next 3 to 5 year perspective. So we do see a strong growth potential and 
we have mapped out the new products, which will be a key driver of growth 
over the next 5 years. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  And again, just to add to what Amit said, this is our, for the lack of a better 
word, playbook. Whenever we do an acquisition, If we don't bring value in 
building it into something more than it was, then why have we purchased it? 
So that's exactly the same thing we did with the motor business when we did 
Comstar. It was a single-product company making starter motors. Today, as 
you know, it makes starter motors, it is the largest traction motor maker in 
India, it makes suspension motors, it makes controllers. So take a single 
product with this and try to make it multi-product, because that is all that we 
know. That is all that is there in our DNA. We are engineers who like to build 
new things.  
Same thing we want to do in railways. It's early days. It's just been 4 months 
actually of full ownership. We are working on some products, and once 
again, welcome to visit us in Faridabad, where we can show you our R&D 
facility and where we are actually in active development of at least 3 
products. Some of them are finding good traction with our final customer, 
Indian Railways. Some of them have also got development orders, so it's 
going well, but that is the path regardless of what we do. In NOVELIC too, we 
bought services business, which we are pivoting into a product business. It is 
what we know how to do. It is in our nature, and that is what we will continue 
to do. 
Moderator:  
Hi, now move on to our next investor, Jayesh Sundar. Hi, Mr. Sundar, your line 
is unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Jayesh Sundar:  
Good evening. Just continuing on the railway, you know, as you stated, 13 
billion worth of orders are in hand. You know, the question is more a little 
longer term. I understand, you know, you completely stated that new 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
 
products also we are trying because you have a very large market share in 
brakes for Indian Railways. How much, you know, because you are 
enhancing your capacity as well there. So, can you talk about a little bit more 
on the potential here, because why I'm asking you this because this year also 
on the overall mix railway will look pretty decent, but next two years if, if 
growth is so strong and you are enhancing capacity as well, railway will also 
start growing at a very much faster pace. That's what I was able to 
understand from what Amit and you were articulating. So can you shed some 
light on, you know, both with respect to potential and even profitability, you 
know, because I remember when at the time of the acquisition, we were very 
clear that time that there's a lot of inefficiencies at the plant, and you know, 
there's a lot of scope for improvement in margins that can happen. So, if you 
can throw some light on that, that's my first question. And second. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Let me answer this one because the question is very long. I’ll forget the 
question itself. So all the things you stated are correct. There are some low-
hanging fruit in terms of the ability to improve margins. We are working on 
those. There is a larger opportunity to improve cash conversion cycles 
because I wouldn't call it inefficiencies, but the way automotive works and 
the way railways production works are different. We are trying to bring that 
rigor, that TQM approach, that theory of constraints type reviews so that we 
can improve every week a little better than we were before. And there are 
enough areas that there is, I mean, there is enough juice left that we can 
squeeze out of this on the margin front. Growth should be robust. I think this is 
some of the constraints for achieving this growth are 100% in our country. And 
actually, that's a really heartening thing because in a lot of the other verticals 
we are, mostly we are affected by macros that we can just sit and worry 
about, but can do nothing about. I can't go sell cars on behalf of my 
customer. I can't change global trade policies. But here, demand's not as big 
a constraint as it is in other spaces. I would say I'm immensely impressed by 
the Indian Railways, the Railways Board, the RDSO teams, and their ability to 
grasp the advantages of new products, new technologies, and to give you 
opportunities to work with them, but we don't want to say too much too early. 
It's just four months since we owned it, but fingers crossed, touch wood, 
whatever the other superstitions are there, but it looks really, really good. But 
Amit can add more because he is there every day, so he knows more than 
me. 
Amit Mishra:  
Vivek covered most of the things. Most of the things in terms of products. Yes, 
today, a large part of our revenue comes from brakes, but we do have good 
market share even in couplers and suspension also, we may be the largest 
player in the country. So, we have other products. There are other products 
which are under development. It's being tested, put into trains for testing, and 
there is a cycle that it will be tested for 12 months. If it passes the test, then 
you get approval to supply in higher volumes. Then there are products which 
are slightly early in terms of development, which we expect to come in the 
next 3 years. So at this point, we have very clear timeline set. And the way 
different products are positioned for commercialization, I think we should 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
 
deliver good growth over the next 5 years if we are successful in delivering or 
developing and getting approval for the new products. So it will be driven by 
new products, and we have a very good pipeline of products, both in our 
core segments of brakes as well as in the other segments that I talked about. 
Jayesh Sundar:  
Ok. My second question is on the overall profitability because you stated in 
your opening remarks that one of your largest EV customers, which was 23%, 
came down below 7%. EV revenues in the first half declined very, you know, 
the percentage came down drastically. Despite that, your overall profitability 
margins are very steady. I mean, I can't compare you with any other 
company because you are still, I think, the highest profitable margin 
company in the country with respect to autos, but that is still very steady, at 
25% plus. How one should think about these, these profitability aspects, 
despite facing so much pressure on the revenue side, on your largest 
customer side, you know, we haven't seen the deterioration which could be 
a 10% margin company or a 12% margin company could have faced. So if 
you can articulate a little bit on that, that would be very helpful. That's my last 
question. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sure, so pressure is a privilege, man. Like, pressure is only on people who are 
capable, and you expect things from them, right? If there are low 
expectations or low capability, there is very low pressure, and you can live a 
more peaceful life. So it takes a lot of doing. So if you see a duck in a pond, 
it seems as if it's gliding effortlessly, same margins all the time, but, you know, 
it's paddling furiously under the surface. There is a lot of work that goes into it. 
In every single process, there is some room to improve. Even after 25 years of 
doing the same thing over and over again, we are finding new areas where 
we can lower costs. Prices, you can't really manage, right? Prices are set by 
your competitors. What you can do is manage your house better. And that is 
a continual process. Every week, every day, every year, you have to keep 
getting better. I would share one example. Actually, Vikram, you should share 
about the die life improvement and how it has resulted in just the cost going 
down for all our years. 
V Vikram Verma:  
Well, we have been using a particular process technology for many years. 
And it had certain die life, and however, we said, ok, this is unacceptable, as 
of now, maybe acceptable quality, but we wanted to go 2 steps above the 
quality in a gear is defined by certain ISO standards or DIN standards. We 
wanted to up our quality standard by 2, and for that, you are required to 
change processes. So while the straight method is, you make it at much 
colder temperature, the accuracy is improved. However, it is detrimental to 
both machine size, the machine size goes up and the die life reduces. 
However, we have to find a way that both things are achievable. So I think 
that it took last 6 months or more than a year actually to collecting various 
data because the forging is not so straightforward like machining. There are 
100 more parameters which affect the life and the quality. So the team is 
always on to improve quality. And improving the die life by which the cost 
comes down. So that's the DNA of what we do. So that every year we have 
something. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So that's one example. Same thing I'll say in motors. Can you use less material, 
less process time to make the same product? And that's a challenge we pose 
to ourselves in every single aspect of what we do. And if you do follow it, you 
can maintain over the longer term, but yes, there is a lot of pressure. You 
know, our higher margin markets are declining because of the entire situation 
that we have. But again, if the core fundamental technology with which you 
make your products, all the processes, all the knowledge of the material is 
with you. You can keep working on each of those elements for constant 
improvement, which is what we try to do. Can you change the metallurgy? 
Can you change materials? This drive or this zeal to improve is why we are 
able to. I mean, 8th April, heavy rare earths got banned. We shifted to light 
within 3 months. Now lights may have a problem. We have shifted to ferrite. 
So it is basically that zeal that if you know how to do every step of it yourself, 
you can move much faster, and we know that there are pressures as a 
company, that there are market pressures, which means we will focus more 
inwards on cost improvement activities. And cost improvement doesn't 
mean, you know, the normal consultant way of saying, fire people, shut down 
plant, those kinds of things. It comes from improving how you make 
everything that you make every day. Use less material, use less time, use less 
machines. So that's, I guess, a very long answer. And a philosophical one, to 
probably a more financial question. 
Kapil Singh:  
Thanks. I'll take a few questions, Vivek, from the chat box. So first is, can you 
elaborate on the composition of this order book? What is the current status 
and ramp-up timeline for EV programs? And how much of these will go into 
production in FY26 and FY27? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, I think the breakup is there on the slide. We can go back to the slide, 
Pratik, I think we gave the breakup pretty transparently. Yeah, this is the 
breakup. EV, within EV, how much is passenger vehicle, How much is two-
wheeler, three-wheeler, CV, off highway, customers and programs. All of that 
is actually in this chart. We do not give future guidance. And if I tell you how 
much of these programs are going into FY26, it literally means I'm telling you 
how FY26 ends and FY27 ends. So we don't do that for a lot of reasons. 
Second, very short-term questions are not good either for people who are 
looking to invest for the long term or for companies who are looking to build 
businesses over the long term. I mean, all of us have been here for a decade 
plus, right, who run the company. Vikram has been here for much longer. We 
can't be allowed to think only in terms of what goes into order next quarter, 
or FY26 has only two quarters left. So, I apologize, but this is not a question I 
think should be asked of any company that is looking to grow a business and 
build a business and probably make an institution, for the longer term. 
Kapil Singh:  
Ok. Then another question is, revenue ex of Railway Business has moved to 
5% growth YoY as compared to a 10% drop last quarter. This has been driven 
by traction motors and other segments. Others is now 9% of enlarged revenue 
base versus 5% Q over Q. What does this include? 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Others is all the other products that are not here because railways also, as 
you know, has some other products apart from the three main ones. Motors 
also, there are other products apart from the three main ones. In drivelines 
specifically, there are now many types of gears and driveline parts that we 
can't classify technically as differential gears or differential assembly. I think, I 
think, if you go back to that slide, I can illustrate better. Yeah, the product mix 
slide? So it's not like this number was small, ever, but we are increasing as the 
pressure comes on traditional product because if your existing customers 
don't sell enough vehicles, you have to start also making new things for either 
existing customers or new customers. So that is, others of all the divisions, put 
together, I would not have the exact breakup of that others with me right 
now. But anything that is beyond the eight main product categories is in that. 
We have, I think, about 20 products, so 12 will be in that. 
Kapil Singh:  
Ok, one more question is, if we are deducting 2,600 crores from order book 
due to low visibility, then we may also debit some orders quantity in future 
also. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Of course. The future is always unknowable, but we have done a review. This, 
I think, one needs to do every 3 years or so. But can it happen after 3 years 
again? Sure, it can. For the first 10 years of my career, almost never we had 
the opportunity to correct or, any reason to correct because almost always 
things used to happen in automotive is fairly predictable. This last few months, 
and some of those models have been exceptional events, which is why we 
have done it. But can something like this happen in the future? Of course, 
there is literally no guarantee of nothing adverse ever happening in the 
future. So it can, of course. 
Kapil Singh:  
Thanks. Would it be possible to share some color on the nature of acquisition 
opportunities that are being pursued actively by the company? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  No. It's as you know, I don't even think it's allowed. It is UPSI and all that, so I 
don't think I can talk about it. What we can say is the general nature that it 
will be in the mobility segment. It will follow the four guidelines that we always 
do. It should be something, anything that we try to acquire, should have 
visibility that that product will be in a mobility device for at least 15 years. That 
is all we can try to estimate the future for. Second, filter, which is that 
whatever we do, we should have the ability to have market leadership in, 
which means top 5 in the world, hopefully, or if not, whichever product 
category we are going for in that absolute leadership like Brakes says we are 
leaders in India, maybe perhaps top 5 in the world too, but I, I cannot say 
with full confidence. We'll have to get the data for that. Third, It should make 
good money for us. So we have financial thresholds, also of expected return, 
expected margin. There is a curve on which it should fall. And last, it should 
be something that is good for humanity. So, something that has no other 
purpose than, well, have negative impact on humanity. We will not pursue so 
highly polluting processes and industries, weapons, these are things we do 
not foresee us ever looking at. So that same criteria we will use, but exact 
opportunities, I don't think we should share. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
 
Kapil Singh:  
Vivek, there's a question on hybrids with many OEMs in India and globally 
talking about hybrids. Why is the company not talking about hybrid motors it 
used to show? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So we are, I mean, it's in our mix. Hybrid is one of our bigger mixes. Hybrid's 
good for us, I think. I saw this question a couple of weeks, a couple of quarters 
back also, someone asked us, actually, in a plug-in hybrid, our value content 
per vehicle is the highest. We, we would be very happy if more hybrids come 
into place. IC is where we make less money. Hybrid is actually most because 
it also has a starter as well as a traction motor, and the differential assembly 
is primed to the highest torque drivetrain. So it will be more primed towards 
the electric side of it. But it is a decent part of our revenue even now. Again, 
Pratik, you'll have to go to the Power mix chart. I think it's in the appendix. I 
think it'd be, I think, 2nd or 3rd slide in the appendix. Oh, there this time. Oh, 
Ok, I think we moved it to the appendix because there was usually nothing 
to report, but I think we missed it. But, can you just share with the people on 
the call what it is, the hybrid share. 
Pratik Sachan:  
Yeah, just. I'll take a second. I'll get back. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sure, but it will be robust. There's not much change in it. Uh, it might have 
grown actually. 
Kapil Singh:  
Ok, Vivek, there's a question on the margins with regard to margins. They are 
on a downward trajectory. Want to understand what is the baseline to 
expect with impetus on growing India and the Eastern markets. Are they on 
a downward trajectory though? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Are they on a downward trajectory though? I think, I think they're on an 
upward trajectory, but Ok, I think this is a question that, see, when you take, 
this is just a mathematical thing. This is the first quarter with railway integration. 
If you take a 26-27% EBITDA business, and that is 80% of revenue, and you add 
20% of a EBITDA business, which is 20% of revenue, the margins will go down, 
in percentage terms. So we have added a full quarter of the railway business 
which is obviously lower margin. So the margin profile will shift downward. I 
think the question, the more likely question should have been, how is it still 
above 25% rather than how is it on a downward trend, because it isn't. I think 
last quarter, I had said, I had answered this question that where do you 
expect it to be? And I think I'd said in the range of 23 to 25. And in just this 
quarter, we've actually done higher than that. But I would say that is the 
range, 24-25%, and that is our target. Even when we listed, we used to say 
that between 25 to 27 is our target. Post this acquisition, I'd say between 24 
to 26 is what we try to do. 
Kapil Singh:  
Ok. There, there's a set of questions which talks about the ownership of jointly 
developed technologies with external partners. How is the ownership 
determined and what are the explicit criteria to allocate patent rights? And 
how are joint innovations managed to ensure fair and clear intellectual 
property protection on both sides? And I think there's a related question for 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
 
it's for other mobility offerings like suspension systems, powertrains, creating 
tangible cross-platform benefits for performance automation and product 
adaptability. So, basically, how will the company leverage the technical 
expertise it has gained from its robotics partnerships? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  We don't have any JV partnerships, so I was struggling to figure out how to 
answer it because I don't think any of the partnerships, the two we did with 
Enedym or Equipmake have been commercialized, so there is no aspect of 
sharing of the technology or what revenue accrues where. Most of the 
products we do, or almost all that what we do is basically in-house 
technology only. With Neura, that is something to be still worked out. There is 
a concept of background and foreground IP that both sides keep the 
background IP or the core process with which we develop their part of it. And 
then the foreground IP, the application of what you have developed belongs 
either to the customer or to one of you, depending on who is the prime agent 
and prime buyer, so it is very well articulated right at the start, and mostly 
these are things covered in the partnership agreements. So whenever we do 
sign binding contracts, this will be part of it. This is one of the, I would say main 
areas of discussion and negotiation: who does what, who takes credit for 
what, who gets the IP rights for what, and then how is the revenue attributed 
to each party. And obviously, in a good partnership, we try to do it in a fair 
and equitable manner. So we try to do it for all. Right now, I don't think we 
have much of those kind of cases. 
Moderator:  
Thank you so much. Now we take the last question. 
Pratik Sachan:  
The answer to that hybrid question, basically we have 24% revenue share of 
automotive products from hybrids.   
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, thank you. And Pratik, just keep that slide in the appendix, in general, 
because I know it doesn't change that much quarter on quarter, but if you 
keep it in the appendix, I think people can see exactly what the split is in 
power trends. 
Moderator:  
Yeah, so now, we will take the last questions. Hi, Jay. Hi your mic is unmuted. 
Please go ahead. Thank you. 
Jay Kale:  
So my first question is on the suspension motor business. You know, there is a 
significant amount of time available over there and it's heartening to see new 
business wins from new customers but if you can just speak a little bit about 
whether there are any conversations with ICE customers. You've mentioned 
about auto wins with electric PVs, but are, are ICE customers also actively 
looking at it? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Excellent question, Jay. Actually, suspension has nothing to do with the 
powertrain, right? So, both kinds of customers are engaged. However, what 
is happening is most people's new launches, which are coming, let's say one 
year later or two years later, happen to be EV because even now, I think 
there's this, there's a BofA mobility newsletter that comes out. So I saw the 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
 
August numbers. EV growth was still pretty high. I think it was 38%. Europe is 
again going quite fast towards electrification. So what is happening is that if 
you want to integrate a new suspension in a vehicle platform, you would not 
like to do it on an existing thing because you don't want to change the 
assembly stations, etc. So you would want to do it in a new model. And new 
models are invariably electric for a lot of people, which is the reason. So it's 
not like we're not engaged with ICE customers. The orders or inquiries we get 
are for EV, but it has zero bearing on the nature of the product. 
Jay Kale:  
The second question is on, on the Humanoid Robots. Of course, it's still a 
nascent industry and the supply chain is still getting developed. There will 
always be a time of a J-curve, hitting in your planning and discussions with 
your customers. when do you see that J-curve hitting and maybe in 5 years 
down the line, how big an opportunity do you see in terms of the contribution 
of this business to your revenues? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So Jay, I, I would say let's broaden the definition just to humanoid. Humanoid 
is the shiny, human-looking face of the robotics movement, but the real 
volumes are in cobots and industrial robots. By cobots, I mean cognitive 
robots like robots assisting people in surgeries, people on floors, so many 
areas. That number is actually much higher. So if you just look at TAM, that 
number, if you look at a five-year horizon, will be much higher. If you look at 
a fifteen-year horizon is when humanoid TAM exceeds probably even those 
ones. For us, it's both because almost everything that we do, we do motors, 
we do gears, and we do sensors. Together they form the core of almost every 
joint and joint in movement, basically how many degrees of movement and 
how many can you enable intelligently. That's a lot more in humanoids, so the 
number increases, but it is applicable for all robotic categories. I would still 
say, I don't think one should try to, whenever an investor is looking to make a 
business case, add too much of it in 3 to 4 years. It will take a lot. I mean, if 
you just go by my own lived example of 2016, we started investing and doing 
things with EV drivetrains. We really made money five years later in 2021 for 
the first time, and even then it wasn't much. Now is when we really make 
money. So first 3-4 years, you'll make almost nothing. Suspension motor, 
another example. In 2021, we started developing first samples, etc. In 25, we 
started making decent money, but in 28-30 is when you make really big 
money. That starts becoming a category in your pie chart instead of just 
going and sitting in others. It actually becomes something. So, 0 to 5 to get to 
good or some revenue, and 5 to 10 to go to massive revenue. That's usually 
the scale.  
I believe humanoids plus cobots as an industry in 2040 might be bigger than 
the entire automotive sector put together. So, it is an opportunity. I'm 
fortunately 46, so I have at least 15 years, so I can see that thing happening. 
And it's great that you can see 2 new industries and technologies pan out in 
your lifetime. So that's the goal, but if anybody, and especially the people 
who asked me about what does FY26 look like, the second quarter look like, 
Yeah, do not build it in your business case for the next quarters or next 2 or 3 
years. It is not going to mean anything. It's an investment in learning. It's an 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
 
investment in capability building. And it's an investment, hopefully, that builds 
us a much, much brighter future. 
Jay Kale:  
Got it, and just one last question, you know, it's heartening to see your ferrite-
assisted synchronous reluctance motor development, but just curious, you 
know, of course, there would be certain inherent advantages of rare earth, I 
mean, the heavy rare earth metals developed motors. So are there limitations 
of ferrite-assisted synchronous motors behind us, or we are still in the 
development curve? Because if it was so easy, it could have, should have 
been developed earlier as well, right? So there would definitely be some 
disadvantages of these kind of motors which there will be a development 
curve. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So Jay, and I, because I know you and I know how closely you track us, we 
launched this first in 2022. That was the first time. We didn't find much 
customer traction because when an easier alternative is available, even if 
you make something innovative, people don't switch to it. There is an inherent 
disadvantage that the weight is higher, not by much, but the weight is higher. 
There are some other things, Sat or Praveen, actually, you can speak about 
it. But in those intervening 3.5 years, we have improved a lot more. And at 
that time, I think we were not using synchronous reluctance. We were using 
some other technology, but using ferrite magnet. But Praveen or Sat, 
whoever wants to take this can talk about this more. 
Praveen Rao:  
Thanks, Vivek. So, in general, you're right, the rare earth magnets have a 
higher power density, and therefore, it can give you torque density as well. 
But when we look at ferrite, it has an inherent advantage in that the 
temperature-related degradation is not there, like you see in the rare earth 
magnet motors. So, that advantage we have been able to leverage to take 
care of the power density and therefore the disadvantage in terms of weight 
increase, which Vivek talked about. So barring the, you know, overall weight 
increase, we have been able to more or less compensate the disadvantage 
that we would have moving from PMSM with the rare earth to a ferrite assisted 
synchronous machine. So overall, you know, in most applications, you can 
offer this as a comparable product, and therefore, it can be a good 
replacement. So that's a short answer, but, we are working with all the 
applications right from as we mentioned three wheeler, LCV, two wheeler, 
and, you know, all the segments. So we will have to work towards achieving 
a good balance between packaging weight, um, the specific requirements 
in terms of torque and power. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  I think that Praveen forgot to mention because he is obviously concerned 
about customers who listen to this, that the cost is lower. And, that Jay 
accounts for a lot. Its lower cost can make up for a lot of things. 
Jay Kale:  
Great, great. Thanks, thanks and all the best for yourselves. 
Praveen Rao:  
Thank you. Thanks, Jay. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
 
Moderator:  
In the interest of time, we will conclude the call now. If you have any further 
questions, please feel free to email your nominal sales rep or corporate 
access. Thank you once again everyone for your time. You may drop off the 
line now. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Everyone. 
Yeah. Have a good evening. Bye. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
