  
 
 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Fort 
MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
Scrip Code: MSUMI 
Scrip Code: 543498 
 
 
Ref.: Transcript of the Investor call  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
  
This is with reference to our letter dated November 5, 2025 for Audio of Conference Call with 
the investors on the un-audited financial results for the second quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2025. In this connection, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
aforesaid conference call.  
 
The above information has also been made available on the website of the company 
www.mswil.motherson.com 
at 
https://www.mswil.motherson.com/storage/Analyst-Call-
Transcripts/2025-26/Q2/Transcript_of_the_Investor_Call.pdf  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours truly 
For Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
Pooja Mehra 
 
Company Secretary   
 
 
Encl:a/a 
 
Regd. Office: 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India) 
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022-61354801  
CIN No.: L29306MH2020PLC341326 
E-mail: investorrelations@mswil.motherson.com  
website: www.mswil.motherson.com  
 
POOJA 
MEHRA
Digitally signed 
by POOJA MEHRA 
Date: 2025.11.10 
17:21:57 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
“Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
Q2 FY'26 Results Conference Call” 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. VIVEK CHAAND SEHGAL 
CHAIRMAN, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. LAKSH VAAMAN SEHGAL 
DIRECTOR, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. ANURAG GAHLOT 
COO AND WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR,  
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. GULSHAN 
CFO, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. PANKAJ MITAL 
COO AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
SAMVARDHANA MOTHERSON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (SAMIL) 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 7 
Moderator: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited  
                             Q2FY’26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to the Chairman – Mr. V. C. Sehgal. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining the Results 
Conference Call of MSWIL. I am pleased to announce that the Board has approved the 
results of the 2nd Quarter on the Fiscal Year 2026. 
The Company has delivered its best ever quarterly performance with revenues of Rs 2,762 
crores out of which the new Greenfields contributed approximately Rs 190 crores. EBITDA 
for the Quarter stood at Rs 280 crores which is 12% growth on a year-on-year basis. MSWIL 
has delivered exceptional performance, significantly surpassing the industry 
benchmarks. This achievement reflects a robust volume content mix complemented by 
the premierization of our strong presence across the majority of the new OEM models 
launched. I am pleased to announce that most of our upcoming Greenfields are currently 
in the ramp-up phase aligned with evolving customer requirements. 
With that, I conclude my remarks. Joining me today are Pankaj, Anurag, Gulshan and 
Vaaman who will be happy to address any questions that you may have. 
Thank you all very much and wish you good Guru Purab. Thank you. Over to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Raghunandhan NL from Nuvama Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Raghunandhan N.L.: 
Congratulations, team, on strong revenue performance outpacing industry and the 
sequential improvement in profitability margins. Sir, my first question. On the Greenfields, 
utilization has reached 36%. It is an improvement compared to last two quarters. How do 
you see the utilization shaping up by Q4 FY26 or by H1 FY27? Would you expect utilization 
to reach optimal levels of 70%-80% considering strong demand conditions and also 
launch of new products by customers? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you. Anurag. 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 7 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Raghunandhan ji, the Greenfield utilization all depends on how the volumes will take place 
from each of the customers. In case they are going to make the volumes which they have 
projected at the start of the business, then obviously this utilization will increase. And in 
case it's delayed or something like that, then it will not be fully utilized. One of the 
Greenfield obviously has ramped up to the volume which is given. The other two are 
ramping up at this moment to the volumes. Hope I am able to answer your question. 
Raghunandhan N.L.: 
On the Greenfield side, one clarification. If I take the EBITDA margin for Greenfield, it is 
currently in the negative territory because utilization is ramping up phase. At what level of 
utilization would it turn profitable? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
I think we have to wait and watch because as soon as the utilization comes and the 
volumes ramp up and the utilization reaches to a level of around more than 70% or 80%, 
at that time you are utilizing the plant completely for what you have set up. And then you 
will get those results out of that. So, as I said that it all depends on how the volumes will 
take place which is already on the ramping up stage. So, we have to see, wait and watch 
in that particular area. 
Raghunandhan N.L.: 
On the cost side, I had a question. As indicated in the presentation, copper prices have 
increased 5% QoQ. Would this be the main reason why raw material cost to sales has 
increased sequentially or whether the increase in share of EV QoQ has also led to higher 
RM wise sales? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
There are three new Greenfields, and their costs are also there without the sales. But 
Anurag, can you clarify more or Gulshan, maybe you can? 
Gulshan: 
Looking at the margin with respect to the Greenfield units would not be the right time 
because it has been improving quarter-on-quarter. As far as copper prices are concerned, 
obviously, it has been increased from the preceding quarter and year-on-year also has 
been increased of 13%. And depending upon the copper content in our models, obviously, 
there has been some increase in our cost which is sitting out at and in both existing and 
the expansion in the Greenfield units. So, it will take some time to absorb our other cost. 
As soon as the volumes are ramped up, obviously that cost will be absorbed as we 
progress further. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
My question is again on the Greenfield part. If I look at the performance at the EBITDA 
losses for the last couple of quarters, it seems that as revenues have ramped up from 120 
crores to 190 crores, the losses also seem to have gone up from 26 crores to 46 crores. 
So, can you share some more colour on the reason for that? And should we expect some 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 7 
more increase in the losses before we start seeing the benefits? Or how should we think 
about going ahead from here? 
Gulshan: 
With respect to the Greenfield units, our losses have not increased. It has improved 
because the volumes are in the process of ramping up. As far as the numbers are 
concerned, with respect to the previous quarter, there was a loss of 31 crores and which 
you are seeing that it went up to 46 in the current quarter, it's just because of the fact that 
there were certain recoveries that were there in the previous quarters. If you just remove 
that impact, the losses were around 70 crores on a gross level number. So, the situation 
is improving quarter-on-quarter, if you see with respect to the Greenfield expansion 
performance. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Second question is on the product mix side. If we just see Ex-Greenfield, we have been 
able to sustain that 12%-12.5% margins for quite some time now. Like you said, the 
Greenfield will ramp up with OEM volumes, but is there any sort of adverse mix impact on 
the longer-term margins? For example, like our EV share has also gone up from 4% to 7% 
over the last couple of quarters. So, given that the EV share will continue to inch up, so say 
over a couple of years, do you sort of see that the margin trends which are reporting Ex-
Greenfield, you can achieve that or because of EVs that may be difficult. So, any color on 
the product mix, how the margins there are, if you can share some color, it will be helpful. 
Pankaj Mital: 
You see, anyway, the Company doesn't guide in terms of margins. The Company as a 
Group, we have been focused on return on capital employed. However, to answer your 
question, whether a particular segment or a particular customer or a particular region will 
have a very different profile, it is not so. So, it all depends on projects and project-by-
project the teams work, look for opportunities and improving the efficiencies to get these 
margins. So, that is how the Company works. There are many different types of models to 
which we supply, many different industries in which we supply and what we see in our 
results is an amalgamation of all of them put together. So, the endeavor of the team has 
always been to continuously strive to keep up good performance while we enter new 
domains or we set up new plants and also to continuously, of course, we have to invest 
ahead of time to be able to give a flawless launch to our customers and then keep 
improving. And as time passes, the efficiencies and other benefits keep coming. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Raghunandhan NL from Nuvama Research. 
Raghunandhan N.L.: 
On the staff cost, they seem to have stabilized at 475 crores to 480 crores in Q1 and Q2. 
Are the employee additions relating to Greenfield plants completed? Should we expect 
the staff cost to remain in a similar range going forward? 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 7 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Raghunandhan, as the volumes will ramp up, there will be a more requirement of the shop 
floor people which will eventually happen as the volumes will grow. So, I think the total 
manpower has not come as of now. As the volumes are growing, we will be recruiting 
more. I'm talking about the shop floor people specifically, because that goes hand-in-
hand. As the volume grows, the manpower number also grows accordingly. And efficiency 
will also improve during this period because the volumes ramp up, the numbers go high, 
then the plant also goes to the different level of productivity. 
Raghunandhan N.L.: 
The EV shift is leading to content increase. EV share has gone up 7% versus 5% last 
quarter. Led by the ramp up of new plants, would the share of EVs further increase in 
coming quarters and possibly reach double digits by FY27? Also, now that the EV-related 
volumes are going up, can you also talk of efforts on localization of supply chain especially 
for the high-voltage harnesses? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
That's a great question. Pankaj, can we? 
Pankaj Mital: 
Raghunandhanji, basically, you are right that with the ramp up of the Greenfields, the total 
value of our contribution to the EV market will grow as the market embraces more EV 
vehicles. So, it depends on that, the intensity of the embracement and the availability. 
However, the other vehicles are also growing in good numbers as we see today. So, the 
percentage increase is very difficult to predict. But yes, we do see that as we supply to the 
new launches which are coming in and we'll also have both EVs, ICE, hybrids, all kinds of 
vehicles. It's a mix. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Kale from Elara Capital. 
Jay Kale: 
My first question is regarding your margins. I mean, you reported around 10.1 and adjusted 
for startup cost 12.7. You did mention that as startup costs, as your plans ramp up to 
closer to 70% to 80%, you should see meaningful improvement in margins. But just given 
your product mix in your new plants which is tilted, of course, also towards EVs, do you 
see these new plant margins at 70% to 80% utilization level reaching those 12.7% to 13% 
or it's fair to assume that given that EV mix is higher in the startup plants, it may be difficult 
for you to reach the current ICE margins even if once they fully ramp up? 
Pankaj Mital: 
As we answered in a previous question, the margins, one is that the Company doesn't 
guide on margins. It is guiding on return on capital employed. That has been our direction, 
because the content and sometimes high value parts may be embedded in some of the 
products. And that has been the reason that how we can enhance our overall efficiency. 
However, the overall result of the Company includes multiple different products. And even 
in the Greenfield side, it's a mix. And even when we will look at what we supply to EV or 
what we supply to non-EV, we do not kind of see that there has to be a difference in terms 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 7 
of our return on capital employed, or if you want to take it in terms of margins. So, we do 
not want to differentiate amongst them. And as a team, our teams strive to find 
opportunities, make improvements to create winning solutions for our customers, so that 
it's a win-win and we provide good solutions to our customers for a very stable and good 
performance. 
Jay Kale: 
One more question, what will be your CAPEX guidance for this year and probably next 
year? 
Gulshan: 
For this year, the CAPEX would be around 210 crores. That is something we have budgeted. 
And for the next year, obviously, it depends on the customer requirements and how they 
will be panning out. So, we'll be able to finalize by the end of year. I think we will have more 
clarity on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sonaal Gupta from HSBC Mutual Fund. 
Sonaal Gupta: 
One on this, the Greenfield losses that we're giving, these are direct plant-related costs, 
right? Like there is no allocated cost going into these items, right? There's no corporate 
overhead or other allocated costs. 
Gulshan: 
These are the direct plant-related costs. 
Sonaal Gupta: 
The other thing, I think Raghu had asked this question earlier on the copper and I 
understand there could be mixed differences, etc., also, but is there, because of the raw 
material prices moving up and Yen also appreciating over the last couple of quarters what 
is the level of raw material price inflation that is helping on the top line? Could you give us 
some sense on that? 
Gulshan: 
If I understand your question, you're talking about the top line, right? How much it is 
impacting our top line, right? 
Sonaal Gupta: 
Yes. 
Gulshan: 
In terms of price. So, there are two things to that. The first is, we have a contractual 
commitment with our customers. So, whenever the copper prices increase, we always get 
it compensated from the customer. And if it gets down, always the benefit of that will be 
given to the customer. So, the first is that, but this has always happened with a quarterly 
lag because the quarter resetting of the prices always happen in the beginning of the 
quarter. So, there is always a quarter lag which is reflected in the performance. The 
second, as you asked that how it has been reflected in our top line. So, if you just see year-
on-year copper, copper has gone up by 13%. And obviously depending upon the copper 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 7 
content in our model it reflected somewhere around a single digit at lower side which is 
impacting our top line for the current quarter. Not that significant which really benefited 
our growth. 
Pankaj Mital: 
Because the compensation will be reflected in the subsequent quarter. 
Sonaal Gupta: 
Basically, because it was pointed out that copper is up 5% quarter-on-quarter, so this 
compensation is yet to come, right? Like next quarter is when we will. 
Pankaj Mital: 
Yes, quarter or six monthly. So, different contracts have different terms, but they have the 
terms to move on. I think there is an issue with the line of Mr. Sehgal. Otherwise, since 
there are no more questions, we thank all of you and as Mr. Sehgal said, wish you all a very 
happy Guru Purab and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and 
gentlemen, on behalf of Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited, that concludes this 
conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Safe Harbour: The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 For the transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file for 
grammatical, punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any edit to the content or discussion. The audio recording of 
transcript is available at website of the company, viz., www.mswil.motherson.com. This discussion contains based on the 
currently held beliefs and assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, 
are reasonable and can may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, 
contingencies, uncertainties, market conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial condition, 
performance, or achievements of the Company or industry results, to differ materially from the results, financial condition, 
performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation 
or liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any 
other cause. Readers of this document should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company and of the 
relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other investigations as they deem necessary. 
 
