November 11, 2025 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department,  
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing,  
Rotunda Building,  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544055 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: MUTHOOTMF 
Dear Madam/Sir, 
Sub: Transcript of Investor Conference Call of Muthoot Microfin Limited –Unaudited Financial Results 
for the quarter ended September 30, 2025 
This is with reference to the intimation dated October 24, 2025, filed with stock exchanges, pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, regarding the 
investor conference call to discuss the unaudited financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025, 
which was scheduled on November 06, 2025. 
We are enclosing the transcript of the earning call and the same is available on the website of the Company on 
the link: https://muthootmicrofin.com/financials-and-investor-presentations/?tab=6  
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Muthoot Microfin Limited 
Neethu Ajay 
Chief Compliance Officer & Company Secretary 
Neethu 
Ajay
Digitally signed by 
Neethu Ajay 
Date: 2025.11.11 
17:50:29 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Muthoot Microfin Limited 
Q2 FY‘26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 06, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchanges on 06th November 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. THOMAS MUTHOOT – CHAIRMAN AND NON-
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – MUTHOOT MICROFIN 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SADAF SAYEED – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MUTHOOT MICROFIN LIMITED 
 
MR. PRAVEEN T. – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MUTHOOT MICROFIN LIMITED 
 
MR. UDEESH ULLAS – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – 
MUTHOOT MICROFIN LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJAT GUPTA – AVP – INVESTOR RELATIONS -- 
MUTHOOT MICROFIN LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. MAYANK MISTRY – JM FINANCIAL 
 

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Muthoot Microfin Limited Q2 and H1 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Mistry. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mayank Mistry: 
Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Muthoot Microfin. First of all, I would like to thank the management of Muthoot 
Microfin for giving us the opportunity to host this call. 
From the management team, we have Mr. Thomas Muthoot, Chairman and Non-Executive 
Director; Mr. Sadaf Sayeed, CEO; Mr. Praveen, CFO; Mr. Udeesh Ullas, COO; and Mr. Rajat 
Gupta, AVP, Investor Relations. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Sadaf Sayeed for his opening remarks, post which 
we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Thank you, Mayank. Good morning, everyone, and thank you once again for joining the earnings 
call for quarter 2 of Muthoot Microfin. I would like to begin by saying that the second quarter 
performance reflects the shift in our business trajectory with operational challenges gradually 
subsiding and overall activity returning towards normalcy. 
We are witnessing a steady normalization across geographies supported by the improved 
customer cash flow, strong ground level demand and better credit discipline. We restored 
profitability in Q1 itself and build momentum in Q2. There is material improvement across all 
metrics, which is also noted by our rating agency, CRISIL, where they have upgraded our 
outlook from stable to positive. 
In terms of performance, there is a significant improvement in disbursement. Our disbursements 
in the quarter grew by 28.1%. There is improvement in our cost of fund and our ability to 
mobilize funds as well. Our cost of fund has declined to 10.6% and our marginal cost of fund 
has come at around 9.8%. 
The most noticeable improvement is in collections. If you look at our collections, the overdue 
collections have improved significantly. In the last quarter, we collected around INR57 crores 
from overdue accounts, which is almost INR19 crores per month.  
This number was around INR6 crores per month earlier, which has now improved to almost 
INR19 crores per month, which is resulting in improvement in asset quality. Our GNPAs have 
reduced from 4.85% to 4.61%. Our net NPAs have also improved from 1.58% to 1.41%. 

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Our provision coverage has improved from 68% to 70.4% and our credit cost, which is the most 
important factor that we have been guiding our investors and our well-wishers about it that it 
has come down to around 3.6%, and it's a sustainable consistent climb down where it was 9.4% 
in the last financial year, it came down from there to 4.3% in Q1. It's now at 3.6%. 
And we feel that this will continue as we continue to disburse new loans. I think the most 
important point that I would like to make, there is a strategic diversification of our portfolio that 
we are undertaking currently. In the presentation, you would have noted there are three products 
that we have introduced. One is the Individual Loan. Second is Micro LAP and third one is the 
Gold Loan product. 
We have made progress in all these aspects. There is a significance of putting out a presentation 
of Elizabeth there. That is the kind of customer that we are targeting. I think that story resonates 
with microfinance progress. 
One thing that I would like to mention in the microfinance world, there is a transition which is 
happening, which is we are moving from just focusing on financial inclusion to moving to 
meaningful financial inclusion. And that is what Muthoot Microfin is all about. We are looking 
at progressing the lives of our borrower to the next level, taking them to a journey of 
entrepreneurship and Elizabeth is the right representative of that. 
If you look at that, she is a customer who is from Kerala Vypin branch, and she started with us 
taking the first loan in 2018, and she first borrowing was around INR25,000. At that time, her 
earnings were only INR6,000. Over the period of the last 7 years, she has progressed with us. 
Today, she has reached a level where her earnings have reached INR60,000 per month, -INR7.2 
lakhs per annum. And she is not only working for herself, she has deployed her husband also 
into our business, and she has employed certain workers as well. So that is the kind of customers 
that we want to create. 
In the previous presentations, we have shown that we have done deep analytical work, and we 
have identified around out of the 34 lakh customers that we have, there are 4.4 lakh customers, 
which have a very high score. We have focused on those customers. In our presentation, you 
would see the Individual Loan disbursement that we have done is mostly for customers above 
700 score. And those efforts are playing out well. 
Right now, we have around approximately INR475 crores of portfolio in the non-JLG book, out 
of which INR468 crores is the Individual Loan portfolio. And this portfolio is pristine. There is 
absolutely no delinquency in this portfolio so far, though it's very early days, but there is no 
delinquency. 
There is a - cheque clearance rate of 95%. There's hardly 5% bounce rate. That also gets collected 
within the 3 days. So that is an area of focus for us. Apart from that Gold Loans that we are 

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
doing, we are right now under a referral scheme. We have already built a portfolio of around 
INR7 crores. So, it will further grow in coming months. 
We have also built a LAP portfolio, which has reached as of today to around INR9 crores, and 
we will continue to build on this portfolio. This will really, really differentiate us from many of 
the competition and also help us build a sustainable long-term earnings profile. 
The most important aspect I would like to mention here is on all parameters, there is 
improvement in performance. There's improvement in net interest margin. Our net interest 
margins have reached to around 11.9%. Our cost of fund has come down. Our operating cost is 
stable right now around 7%. Last quarter, it was 6.9%. But in the long run, as more and more 
disbursements take place, that operating cost will come down. 
But the most important factor, which is the credit cost, it is steadily coming down, and we are 
quite confident that our guidance, which was 4% to 6%, we will be at the lower spectrum of 
below that definitely in the coming quarters. And disbursements are taking place. 
We have been able to grow our AUM. Our AUM today stands at INR12,558 crores which is 
quarter-on-quarter a 10% growth if you look at from the last quarter annualized base. And our 
disbursements are also growing, which is also resulting in our improvement in our income. And 
most importantly, PPOP, we have increased by 7.6%. QoQ 
In the coming days, the benefits of the yield transferring into the overall portfolio because we 
have changed the rates in the last quarter, will also show. And of course, the optimization of 
utilization of funds and also cheaper cost of fund that we have been able to borrow will also 
improve our margins. Apart from that, the credit cost reduction and also operating cost 
rationalization will improve our profitability. 
 We are very positive about our performance, and we've been able to successfully diversify our 
portfolio, and we are on the right path in terms of catering to the needs of our borrowers. The 
focus right now is on retaining our existing customers and ensuring the customers that are unique 
to us remain unique. 
If you look at our unique percentage has reached to around 39% and that is what we are trying 
to do is to cater to the entire need of that borrower. And that is where this bouquet of products, 
which is Individual Loan, LAP and Gold Loan will come out handy. 
In the last half year, we have disbursed INR4,049 crores of loan and if you look at the quality of 
this portfolio, The 0-plus is hardly 3.8% of the overall portfolio. And if you look at the 30-plus 
6.5%, so this portfolio is really behaving well. And this is giving us the confidence. Then in 
coming months, we will be able to kind of build a very, very robust profitable portfolio, and we 
will be able to achieve our targets. 
If you look at our guidance, we have met on all parameters in terms of growth. We are around 
10% quarterly growth. In terms of net interest margins, we are improving. We are at 11.9%. We 

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
have guided to around 12.7% maximum. We definitely will be able to achieve that. On the ROA, 
ROE also we are quite confident that we will be able to achieve. On the credit cost, we are much 
ahead of our guidance. 
I think with that, I'll stop here. And I would like to guide you that we are on a path of transition, 
and we are successfully moving and Q2 was a demonstration of in exact numbers that the 
performance of the collections is improving and the portfolio is improving. 
Despite all the floods and rains in various regions, our portfolio was not affected because we 
have adopted prudent risk management practices. We have taken natural calamity insurance, 
even though we have got 95% of the claim, the balance claim has come after the quarter closed. 
That's why that's not accounted. But that has really helped us to protect our portfolio. 
Apart from that, the superior underwriting quality has also helped us to build a better-quality 
portfolio that we have disbursed. We have also in-house developed a scorecard, this time 
independently through our risk management team. 
So far, we have been using the help of Equifax. But this time, we have built on our own, and this 
is much superior. There is a higher correlation with the performance of the portfolio in this 
scorecard. This will not only help us to underwrite customer better; it will also help us to save 
certain costs. 
We are aiming to save around INR2 crores to INR2.5 crores cost through this. And overall, there 
are certain steps we have taken to reduce our cost, which will help us reduce around INR20 
crores of cost annually and certain rationalization of branches have also taken place. 
Branch profitability metrics have been implemented and each and every branch has been focused 
on generating profit contributing to the bottom line. And any branch which is not contributing, 
we are looking ways to either merge or improve the efficiencies of that branch. And you will 
look at the branch productivity, the RO productivity, everything has improved in this quarter. 
With that, I'll stop here, and I'm happy to take any questions that are there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from PhillipCapital. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Just looking at the Micro LAP and the gold finance part. So, of the disbursements what part is 
Micro LAP and what part is Gold Loans? The second question was how do we ensure that there 
is no debt aggregation or any kind of other loan that is getting settled in gold finance or there is, 
we are avoiding any kind of debt aggregation in Micro LAP? And the third part is do we have 
enough, have we invested enough for the collection infrastructure of these new products? 
Thanks. 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Yes. Thanks, Shubhranshu. I think on the first part, if you look at, we have given a slide which 
is giving a breakup of what are the various products, Slide number 10. We have around INR2,274 

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
crores of disbursement in the quarter, out of which around INR2,015 crores is IGL business, 
around INR253 crores is the Individual Loan business and around INR5 crores at that moment 
for the last quarter is the business which is LAP as well as Gold. 
Gold actually at that point of time just started around 1 million odd. The rest is all LAP loan that 
we have done. That is the breakup. In terms of your question, whether there is overlap of 
businesses. So, we are following a policy where we are giving LAP or Individual Loan, which 
are larger tickets. There is only one credit line with the customer from Muthoot side. 
So, if the customer was an IGL customer, we are actually closing that loan and there is only one 
line of credit with that customer. And these are all performing customers. They are having more 
than 700 credit score with credit bureau score. So, there is no default and nothing. We are making 
sure that we don't overexpose the customer. 
On the Gold Loan, it's a referral scheme as of now, where we are taking the lead and passing it 
on to our FinCorp team and FinCorp is disbursing the loan against the gold. This is a loan which 
is a parallel loan along with our IGL loan continues. The average ticket size there is around 
INR90,000. And you had one more question. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Do you think there is enough collection also which has been invested in the collection 
infrastructure for Individual Loans and Micro LAP Loan? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Yes. So Individual Loan is entirely on a digital platform. So, this is backed by eNACH. As I 
said, we are seeing 95% clearance on time. So, all the installments are on 5th of the month, and 
all the installments get cleared through eNACH whatever is the residual forms is followed up. 
And that also the customer either transfers the money or if he wants to get that collected, that 
also is collected by the branch. 
But there is minimal cash collection entirely completely digital, which is there in Individual 
Loan. LAP and Gold is actually a bullet repayment kind of a product. The most important thing, 
even as we sit today, yesterday was the installment date for the November installment. 92% of 
the installments are cleared in the same day. And there are around a few installments which are 
1,500-odd that they will also get cleared in day one, day two. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Understood. And if I can just squeeze in one last question about treasury operations. Have private 
banks as well as PSU banks or more of private banks taking more positive view of the 
microfinance players and especially about us, have they been increasing lines? Have they been 
negotiating on various rates and have the rates been coming up? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Yes. Both private banks and public sector banks are supporting us. We had done one of the 
largest PTC last quarter. We have done a INR500 crores PTC with the State Bank of India, which 
is one of the largest PTC transaction in a single tranche. So, we have done that. And apart from 
that, we have done PTCs with HSBC, we have done PTCs with Axis Bank, Kotak. So public 

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
sector, private sector, both are supporting, and we are getting term loans also. Maybe Praveen 
can add up to this. 
Praveen T.: 
Yes. So, I think when we talk about private banks, they have a separate department where the 
understanding we feel is slightly better. But at the same time, public sector banks are also there. 
They are not completely out. So, for example, like Sir mentioned, we have done a INR500 crores 
PTC with SBI. They have a INR1,000 crores umbrella limit with SBI as well as Bank of 
Maharashtra for assignments. 
So, the sanctions are there with both the sectors, private as well as public. And one thing that we 
are currently doing is that we are doing more structured PTC transaction where the rate arbitrage 
is there. We are getting a much finer rates in that structure. That is also helping us to bring down 
the cost of funds. 
And we believe there is the rate transmission is to happen, and that also we expect in the second 
half of the financial year. So, the rate should ideally be come down further. But yes, to answer 
simply, all the banks are supporting right now, there is no liquidity issues for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments. 
Saumil Shah: 
My question was on your collection efficiency. So, for the month of October, is that further 
improved compared to the previous quarter? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Yes, Saumil, thanks for the question. It has improved, though there was a lot of holidays during 
the quarter, there was Diwali, Dussehra as well as your Chhath Puja. So, I can say that it has 
remained stable as was there in September. So, it has remained stable. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. So, I think the overall, it was 93.3%. So, it is stable around same percentage? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Yes. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And on the credit cost, as you mentioned that it's about 3.6% for Q2. So, going forward 
in the remaining half of this year, can we expect it to improve further? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Yes, definitely as a percentage, it will improve. So, we don't want to jump the gun and revise 
the guidance, but we are confident on the portfolio quality that we are originating, especially the 
Individual Loan and the Secured Product and also the IGL loan that we are doing that the asset 
quality will improve. If you look at from the absolute number, in the first quarter, the credit cost 
was INR132 crores. In the second quarter, it's INR111 crores. 
So overall, like around INR243 crores is the credit cost,. And we were budgeting around INR300 
crores. So, it is much lesser than what we had anticipated. Going forward, I believe this trend 
will continue. The only thing is that with the growth in the AUM for the standard asset provision, 
we would have to carry something. So that will have an impact. If you look at our Stage 1 

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
provision has improved. So that will be there. But overall, we anticipate the credit cost will be 
much lesser than what we had projected. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And what would be the steady-state credit cost guidance, I mean, for next 1 or 2 years? 
So, I mean we will be settling around this 3.5%, 4% or it would be better? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Yes. So, if you look at it in a normal scenario and if you see that if we talk about FY '27 in a 
normal scenario, the credit cost should be in the range of 2.25% to 2.5%. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And on the ROA guidance, what we have given, 0.5 to 2%. So, I mean, the range is too 
high. So, I mean, considering the first 6 months have already gone. So, could you, I mean, could 
you give some guidance on the ROA for this year? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
So, you have seen the profitability improve. We were just about like around INR6 crores of 
profit in Q1. We are at INR30 crores of profit in Q2 with an OCI of around INR55.9 crores. 
Definitely, in the coming quarter as the credit cost goes down and there are, as I explained, there 
are four levers to the profit. 
One is our margins are going to improve as we have increased the lending rates for our customers 
based on our credit cost. So, there would be improvement in yield on the portfolio. Second is 
our cost of fund is going down. So that will improve our net interest margin. 
Third is our opex will rationalize. We have around 7% opex now. Now that disbursements have 
started to kick in, we will; even in the October month, we have done good amount of disbursal 
despite so many holidays. So that momentum will help us rationalize the cost and the credit cost 
is coming down. So, all four levers will help us to improve profitability. We have guided towards 
2% ROA. We are pretty confident that we will be at the upper spectrum of our guidance only. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. So, are we confident that the exit quarter may be around 2% ROA? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
If you analyze including the OCI number, we are already at 1.8% ROA, including the OCI 
component. So, we are very confident that we would be around 2%. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And sir, my final question on the overall cost to income. I mean, in last one year, it has 
increased a lot. So, going forward, what would be our normalized cost-to-income ratio? Because 
I think last year, it was about 47% or 48% and now it's almost around 60%. 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Yes. So, cost to income actually has started to come down. Of course, last year, it was much 
lesser because there was much lesser kind of stress in the portfolio at the beginning of the 
financial year. 
But now that disbursements have also started to come in, the cost to income will go down, both 
on the income side also, you will have a kind of an improvement because of the yield. And on 
the cost side also, there is a rationalization which will happen because of economy of scale as 
well as our measures that we have taken. 

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Definitely, we will be in low 50s and trying to bring it below 50% in the current financial year. 
It is improving quarter-on-quarter, month-on-month. And as I mentioned in my opening 
remarks, we have put branch profitability metrics now. It's a system-driven kind of an approach.  
Every branch will start for the profitability and contribution to the bottom line. So, we are taking 
various steps to ensure that cost to income is absolutely in control. Of course, coming back to 
the same level of 45% and might take a little bit more time, but we are very sure that in the 
coming quarters, it will go down. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And on the microfinance, I mean, overall, are we seeing all green shoots now happening? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
So, yes, definitely, as far as we are concerned, we are witnessing a lot of green shoots in terms 
of our operations. One is the diversification. Second is the collection that is happening, the cash 
flow at the bottom is improving. 
The disbursements are better. The collections that we have seen even from like what tele calling 
we are doing Promise To Pay PTP generation, that is improving, and conversions of those 
collections are also improving. 
So there are significant number of green shoots even like if you look at overall economic 
situation is also improving with GDP growth improving as well as cash flow at the bottom of 
the pyramid is improving because lower food inflation, most importantly, because of the good 
rains, the crop has been good and the availability of food items is good and that is yielding in 
lower inflation, which makes it lot affordable for our segment of customers. 
At the same time, there are certain government schemes, which is helping at various states, the 
consumer from the cash flow point of view. So, all of that is really helping us to improve 
collection and also when the disbursements improve from the industry overall, then definitely 
more cash flow is there in the hands of the borrower, and they are able to kind of repay their 
installments. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prithviraj Patil from Investec. 
Prithviraj Patil: 
So, my first question was on the footnote that you have mentioned regarding the Branch Merger 
Rationalization. And if you could just throw some light on what this is exactly? You have 
mentioned some employee rationalization also due to the merger. And also, what investments 
have we done for setting up the Gold Loan business or our book as well? That's the first. 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Yes. So, thanks for asking that question. I think on the rationalization of branches, as I 
mentioned, we have adopted a branch profitability module where we are looking at each branch 
productivity and profitability, the revenue that they generate and the expense that is incurred and 
everything is taken into consideration, the HO allocation, the regional allocation and everything 
and credit cost, everything. So, we are looking at PPOP profits also and profit after the credit 
cost as well. 

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
And based on that, we are identifying the branches where we feel that there is no potential of 
growth and also the turnaround. So, we are either merging those branches or closing those 
branches. So, we have identified 84 such branches, out of which around a few branches we have 
already closed, and a few would be getting closed, we have served the notice and everything. 
And when the branches get closed, those staff are also kind of given an option to move to other 
branches or they are eased out if they don't want to move. So that is the exercise that we are 
taking place, which is taking place. And with that exercise itself, we feel that we will be able to 
save around INR50-odd crores in a full financial year in the next financial year. 
We are also simultaneously opening new branches wherever we are expanding like in Assam, 
we have opened branches, in Andhra and Telangana, we have opened branches, the newer 
territories we have entered. But rationalization is more to ensure that productivity of the branch 
remains. And you had another question.  
Prithviraj Patil: 
On the Gold Loan part, the investment in the Gold Loan branch. 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Yes. So, on the -- this is the advantage of being from a Muthoot Pappachan group, and this is 
the advantage we have over all our competitors that within our group, there are enough and more 
know-how as well as infrastructure to do multiple businesses. So, on the Gold Loan side, without 
any additional investment we are doing this business. 
We are in partnership with FinCorp, we have just approved in the Board a business 
correspondent relationship where we would be sourcing the business, and we will be referring 
them to Muthoot FinCorp branch, and they will be booking the loan, and we will be getting a 
fee on that portfolio. 
That also brings in loyalty of the customer. And once the customer is having a secured loan with 
us, then definitely she is more likely to continue to have a healthy relationship with us. So that 
is what we are leveraging on. 
We are not putting in separate infrastructure for Gold Loan branches with the help of FinCorp, 
we are building this portfolio. And similar is for Individual Loan business, we are doing it 
completely with our own infrastructure. There is no separate infrastructure. There is only 
centralized team, which is there for underwriting this portfolio. 
It is being done at an analytical level where we are identifying good customers which are more 
than 700 score and giving them an Individual Loan offer without any incremental cost of separate 
branches and stuff like that. 
And this will also help us rationalize our operating cost because the AUM at the branch is 
building without any additional cost and collection also, the burden is not on the relationship 
officer. This is entirely eNACH product. So there also. And in LAP loan also, we are leveraging 
from the same branches. There is an underwriting team, which is separate. 

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
But apart from that investment, there is no other investment that is required to build this 
portfolio. Of course, LAP is a portfolio which requires a little bit more time to build, but it stays 
on the book longer. So, it will slowly gradually build it to a level that we want ideally. And all 
of this will help us rationalize our cost and improve branch profitability. 
Prithviraj Patil: 
And just another question on the asset quality of the Micro LAP portfolio, are we witnessing 
any stress in the Micro LAP space? And also, since you have utilized all the management 
overlay, are we considering doing additional provisions for this overlay in the future? Or how 
do we look at this? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Yes. I think on the credit cost from LAP is considered, we don't have any delinquency at all in 
LAP portfolio so far. Of course, it's a very small portfolio and a very decent portfolio. But so 
far, we don't have any delinquency there. On the management overlay, we had a INR230 crores 
overlay at the beginning of the year, which was consciously built for the portfolio, which was 
affected in a particular state, and we have absorbed that overlay. 
We feel that right now, our provision coverage, which is around 70% and if you look at our 
Stage 1 which is 1.39% and Stage 2 which is at 7.7%. We have adequate coverage. We don't 
need to have any management overlay. Overlay in IND-AS is only in a situation where which 
we have uncertainty, and we don't know what is. 
We are quite confident of improvement in our asset quality and the way we are building business. 
So, at the moment, we are not planning any management overlay. We think that the cover that 
we have of 70% is more than sufficient. And if you compare our competition, our credit cost is 
lowest among the competition, and our provision coverage is among the highest in the 
competition. So, we are quite comfortable with that position. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Firstly, congratulations on the greatset of results.. Sir, my question is more towards the AUM 
growth that we are seeing. So, we are seeing 10% standalone, I see in the PPT, we could see that 
overall, this is 2.5%. So just wanted to understand how it a bit better also? What figure should 
we actually see here, is it 2.5% growth or 10% growth, sir? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
So if you look at quarter-on-quarter and annualise that’s, it's 10%. But stand-alone it's 2.5%. But 
more important aspect, I think, this is a vary to look at the disbursement growth. The 
disbursement growth over the last quarter is 28%. And this growth is likely to continue in the 
coming quarter. And that definitely will help us accumulate more AUM. 
And with the business like Individual Loan, LAP and Gold also picking up gradually, we will 
definitely see the AUM growth kind of taking a robust shape. And we are very confident that 
the guidance that we have given of around 10% overall growth, we will overachieve that. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. We will be able to over achieve that, that was I was going to come to. Sir, you have given 
very clear guidance on our PPT, but is there any guidance that you want to provide because even 

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
credit cost, we see, we've already, I think we might be below our guidance if we take October 
and ROA also. Just wanted to, you know, with your saying that how would we be able to grow? 
Like, from a guidance, do you want to revise anything sir? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Yes. So, definitely on the operating cost right now, if you look at for the half year, we are at 
around 6.9%. For the stand-alone quarter, it might be slightly higher because we are in the 
investment making phase where we have for whatever like Individual Loan training and software 
changes and all of that are needed. So that is already done. 
There is no more software implementation that is needed and that the product is now completely 
ready and flying. And we see the momentum also. So in the, up till September, the portfolio was 
around INR253 crores. It has already reached around INR468 crores. And that momentum of 
growth is there already with us. 
So that will help us rationalize the opex. We are quite confident that whatever guidance we have 
given of 6% to 6.2% on opex, we would be able to achieve. On the ROA, ROE, as I explained, 
there are four levers that are in our hand. 
One is the yield which is going to increase. Already the yield is increasing. If you would have 
seen the presentation quarter-on-quarter. The yield is improving from 18.1% to 18.6%, and it 
will further improve in the coming quarter. 
Our net interest margins are also improving. We are at 11.9% from 11.5% in last quarter. This 
is further likely to improve, and it will be upper metrics of our guidance by the end of the 
financial year. 
And most importantly, the credit cost is coming down and opex, as I said, will rationalize. So all 
of this will help us achieve the ROA that we have guided for. And we are definitely quite 
confident of achieving the upper metrics of the ROA not at the moment, but definite at a right 
time, we will revise our guidance. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Okay. That helps a lot, sir. And sir, just also to know like in terms, like, we are going 
more to, we are starting, you know, Micro LAP and Gold Loans, so they are more secured in 
nature. And now there, they become a bit higher in our AUM, so, possibility that our NIM is 
like moderate a bit or, you know, how are the NIMs behavior with these products before we get 
a better idea of this? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
So if you look at the products, the yield on all of those products is in the similar range. So we 
operate from around 20% to 24.85% on average, it is around 23%. So I think most of the products 
will be in the range of around 22% to 23%. So we are quite confident that yield will remain and 
it will only improve from where we are. The portfolio that we are building would be a part of 
overall mix. 
So we are looking at this financial year at least to have around 10% to 12% of non-JLG portfolio. 
That definitely will not have a major impact on the overall yield of that book. And our Individual 

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Loan portfolio is already at 23% interest rate and a processing fee, which is separate from that. 
So overall, I think yield will only improve from it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Mistry from JM Financial Institutional 
Securities Limited. 
Mayank Mistry: 
So sir, my question is mainly on the ticket size. We are seeing that across the players, the ticket 
size is increasing for all the MFI players. Now this is happening because of the indebtedness of 
INR2 lakh, which is limited to each customer. 
So how far can one MFI go in terms of ticket size, higher ticket size where there is a possibility 
that one can offer more discount in order to gain higher chunk of this INR2 lakh of debt to each 
customer. 
So my question is only on the ticket size. I mean, how is this calculated? And how do you see 
the yields decline here in case that such kind of competition occurs? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Thanks, Mayank, for asking that question. I think one thing is that everybody is focusing on 
retaining the customer. If you look at our disbursement, 65% of our disbursement are to existing 
customers, 35% are to new to Muthoot customer. So the focus on the existing customer 
improves, the customer who is progressing from first cycle to second to third to fourth, 
definitely, the ticket size will improve and the average ticket size will increase. 
Having said that, if you look at our products on the Individual Loan, the average ticket size is 
around INR1.3 lakhs. In the LAP products, it's around INR3 lakh is the average ticket size on 
the Gold Loan product is INR90,000. On the main core products, which is the IGL product, the 
average ticket size is around INR60,000. So I think that will remain. 
The most important part is that if you look at our composition of our customers, the Unique 
Customer Count is improving. Almost 39% of our customers are absolutely unique. And if you 
look at our count of customers who are overleveraged in terms of outstanding of more than 2 
lakh, it is just 0.8%. 
It has come down significantly from where it was even though industry was at a much higher 
level, we were at a lower level. We have still come down from there as well. So we are conscious 
of that. But the focus is on ensuring that the wallet share of our customer is completely occupied, 
and we have seen the performance of the customers who are unique to us is much better. 
If you look at the 39% customers who are absolutely unique, the 30-plus par in them is around 
3.8% only as compared to the customers who have more leverage or more lenders to them. If 
you look at us plus 1%, then it's 5.1%. And if it goes to us plus 4%, which is the higher, it's 
around 45%. So that is what we are avoiding. 
And the portfolio quality and as I said in my opening remarks, the transition that is happening 
in microfinance industry from providing access to credit moving to meaningful credit to the 

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
borrower. So that is what we are focusing on. That's why the average ticket size is moving 
steadily. 
Mayank Mistry: 
Sir, and then what would be a yield differential to these customers versus the unique? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
So from a yield point of view, definitely for a customer whom we are giving Individual Loans, 
we are earning around 23% yield on that portfolio. The most important part is the opex on that 
portfolio is much lesser because this is already an existing customer, and we do a major part of 
its underwriting through our analytical tools where we are able to get a score on the customer, 
our credit score also at the credit bureau score. 
Less of a field work is required in servicing this customer and the entire collection is completely 
digitized. So the opex is much lesser, but yield remains almost same as the income generating 
loan, which we are lending at around 24.85%, where we are lending at 23% plus processing fee 
of around 2%. 
Mayank Mistry: 
Okay, sir. And my next question is on the borrowings. We have seen some shift towards private 
banks. So what is driving this? I mean, and how is the credit rating outlook from stable to positive 
going to impact our cost of funds? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Yes. I think both things like from the credit rating perspective, there are two developments. One 
is, of course, our rating has been upgraded from A+ stable to A+ positive. So outlook has been 
positive because of the performance of the company. That will definitely help us access cheaper 
fund and which will give a lot of confidence to our lenders also to lend to us. 
Apart from that, during this quarter, we have got a global rating also done, which was for listing 
an ECB on the INX exchange. We have got a global rating done. So that has also helped us to 
raise capital through an ECB route, and we will be going further in the ECB route. 
And that capital has also, that fund has also come at a pretty cheaper cost at around 9.8%. Both 
the public sector and private sector banks are supporting us. We have been able to raise funds 
through all sources. In the quarter, around INR1,500 crores were raised through PTC 
transactions where we were able to place our PTC with public sector bank as well as private 
sector bank. 
We have got term loans also from private sector banks and we have got direct assignment which 
we have done with Bank of Maharashtra. So all sorts of lenders are supporting us, including 
foreign banks, BFIs, public sector bank, private sector bank.  
The most important aspect is on all type of borrowing, we have been able to reduce cost from 
term loan where we were borrowing at 10.5%, we have been able to reduce it to 10.29%. ECBs 
which were at 11.33% have come to 11.12%. The recent one being as 9.8%. Securitization, 
which was at around 9% is around 8.63%. Commercial paper is one instrument that we have 
introduced this quarter. 

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Overall finance cost has come down from 11.02% to 10.6%. So overall, we are seeing that rate 
reduction is happening, and this is because of our ability to negotiate better, and the performance 
is also giving confidence to the lenders.  
And the passing of the interest rates, as you have heard in the governor's commentary, 55 bps 
have been passed on out of the 100 bps that have cut, but actual transmission is slightly lower. 
As that transmission also gets into, we will be able to further reduce our cost of fund. 
Mayank Mistry:  
Okay, sir. 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
And on the liquidity side, we don't have any challenge. We have around INR3,500 crores of 
sanctions in our hand. INR1,000 crores of liquidity on the balance sheet and overall INR1,500 
crores with the FLDG included. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish from Manish Trader. 
Manish: 
See, I want to know the new slippages for this quarter. So, if I look at it last time, you have a 
Stage 2 of around INR350 crores. So how much of that slipped to NPA in this quarter? 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Yes. The fresh accretion, if you look at overall, like we have a pool of around INR450 crores of 
NPA portfolio, out of which there are certain write-offs that we have taken from that portfolio. 
The overall, I think the percentage-wise number, if you look at the Stage 3, it is around -- from 
4.85% it has come down to 4.61%, which is also a function of write-off and also some collection. 
So fresh equation is under control. If you look at the absolute number for the half year,  
Praveen T.: 
Overall, for the quarter, we had around INR110 crores flow that has happened from the previous 
SMA. So, two factors, the SMA recovery is also very good right now. And out of the overall 
INR350 crores, which we had in the Stage 2, around INR110 crores has flown in the current 
quarter. 
Manish: 
Okay. Rest of the portfolio remained in the either the Stage 2 or... 
Praveen T.: 
Either they have remained there or they have rolled back. 
Manish: 
So like in this quarter also, you have around similar around more than INR400 crores in Stage 
2? So, the similar amount probably will flow into NPA able to retain most of the portfolio in 
Stage 2? 
Praveen T.: 
Yes.  
Manish: 
Right. And also, if you can throw a light on the underwriting model you were talking about, 
which you have made in-house. So, will it increase your rejection rate or how will it impact your 
overall performance? 

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Yes. Our input we have actually put in filters. So our throughput has improved because we are 
at upfront only identifying the customers which will not fit our credit criteria. So that way, the 
wastage of effort has been reduced. 
But definitely, our model will help us to identify better customers because as I said the Individual 
Loan, we are focusing on 700-plus score. Even on the IGL portfolio where we have implemented 
the in-house developed scorecard, which is helping us to reduce delinquency. 
Of course, that performance of the scorecard would be seen in coming years. But it is definitely 
having better correlation than our existing scorecard. We have tested that and it has helped us to 
reduce. 
So definitely, the rejection rate after the guardrail had increased. But now it has reached a level 
where there is a better understanding in the field in terms of like what kind of customers we are 
able to disburse and there is also pre-filtration happening. 
So the rejection rate is actually coming down nowadays because the login has also reduced where 
we used to log in around, in a quarter around 10 lakh odd files. We are logging in around 9 lakh 
odd files, 10,20,000 was earlier quarter, around 9 lakh files. But the throughput has improved. 
We are able to disburse more loans as compared to what we were able to disburse last time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr, Sadaf for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sadaf Sayeed: 
Thank you very much, everyone. Thank you for your questions. As mentioned during the 
presentation as well as in the opening remarks, I would like to reiterate that this is a 
transformation and transition process that we are going through. And we have given certain 
guidance all of those parameters, we are committed to, and we will overachieve on all those 
parameters. 
Most importantly, the credit cost, which has improved from earlier year of 9.4%, already it has 
come down to 3.6%, and we are confident that it will go even lower in the coming quarters. The 
profitability in the organization has improved from INR6 crores in Q1 to INR30 crores, INR30.5 
crores in Q2 and total comprehensive income of INR55.9 crores, which is taking the overall 
networth to around INR2,702 crores and a capital adequacy of almost 29% is helping us to grow. 
The growth momentum is back. And profitability, we will be able to achieve our ROA, ROE 
target because we are very confident that our yields will improve as we progress and more and 
more customers, we are able to lend at the newer rate and also there is lesser NPAs. 
Secondly, our cost of fund is coming down, which will help us improve our net interest margin, 
which is already improving quarter-on-quarter. Thirdly, our growth in disbursement will help us 
to reduce our opex, which will help us improve our margins and also our credit cost is going 
down.  

 
 
Muthoot Microfin Limited 
 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
All of this will translate into better ROA and ROE in the coming year, and we are quite confident 
that we will be able to achieve the 2% ROA guidance that we have given on the upper metrics. 
And we look forward to your support. Thank you for joining the call. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
