 
 Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
  
 501, Plot No. 67, Pujit Plaza, Opp. K-Star Hotel, Sector-11, C.B.D. Belapur, Navi Mumbai – 400 614 
 Telefax No. +91 022 27570710, Mobile No. 9619497305, Website : www.dhruvconsultancy.in 
 Email ID: services@dhruvconsultancy.in, info@dhruvconsultancy.in, CIN No. L74999MH2003PLC141887 
 
DHRUV /OUTWARD/2025-26/4203 
 
November 19, 2025 
 
Corporate Relationship Department
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400001 
Fax No. 022-22723121/3027/2039/2061 
Security Code: 541302, Security ID : DHRUV  
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai -400 051 
Fax No. 022-26598120/38 
Scrip Symbol: DHRUV  
 
 
Re: 
ISIN - INE506Z01015 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2025. 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
This is with reference to our intimation dated November 10, 2025, for scheduling Earnings 
Conference Call on November 17, 2025.  
 
In this regard, please find attached the transcript of the aforesaid Conference Call. 
 
The above information is also being made available on the website of the Company. 
 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for DHRUV CONSULTANCY SERVICES LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
TANVI T AUTI   
Managing Director   
DIN 07618878  
TANVI 
TEJAS AUTI
Digitally signed by 
TANVI TEJAS AUTI 
Date: 2025.11.20 
18:00:57 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PANDURANG DANDAWATE – CHAIRMAN – DHRUV 
CONSULTANCY SERVICES LIMITED 
MS. TANVI AUTI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – DHRUV 
CONSULTANCY SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. PRASHANT GHANEKAR – VICE PRESIDENT, 
FINANCE AND ACCOUNTS – DHRUV CONSULTANCY 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSHIL GHANSHYANI – KIRIN ADVISORS 
 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY '26 Results Conference Call of 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshil Ghanshyani from Kirin Advisors. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Harshil Ghanshyani: 
Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to 
the Q2 FY '26 Conference Call of Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited. From the management 
team, we have Mr. Pandurang Dandawate, Chairman; Ms. Tanvi Auti, Managing Director; Mr. 
Prashant Ghanekar, VP, Finance and Accounts.  
Now I hand over the call to Ms. Tanvi Auti for opening remarks. Over to you, ma'am. 
Tanvi Auti: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome, everyone, for today's conference call on Q2 FY '26 of 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited. I take the opportunity to thank all participants, investors, 
analysts and management team of our company. 
 
Our company was established in 2003, and it is headquartered in Navi Mumbai. Dhruv 
Consultancy Services is among India's leading infrastructure consultancy company, offering 
end-to-end solutions across design and engineering, construction supervision and project 
management.  
Our core services include preparation of detailed project report, feasibility studies, carrying out 
supervision, construction supervision and operation maintenance supervision. Along with that, 
we also provide technical and structural audit services. 
 
Over the past 2 decades, we have successfully completed more than 250 projects for prestigious 
clients, including the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, MoRTH; National Highways 
Authority of India, NHAI; CIDCO; JNPT; MMRDA; MSRDC and many more. Our team of 
over 400 professionals out of which more than 75% are qualified engineers form the core of our 
intellectual capital, enabling us to deliver engineering excellence, operational precision and 
sustainable solutions across highways, bridges, ports and urban infrastructure. 
 
Since our listing on the NSE and BSE main board, we have remained focused on strengthening 
our domain expertise and diversifying into new infrastructure segments, both domestically and 
internationally. During Q2 FY '26, we achieved several important milestones that strengthen our 
foundation for long-term growth. 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
We were empanelled as an ATCC Class-1 Consultant by the Public Works Department for traffic 
census and classification-related consultancy services. This empanelment is valid for 3 years, 
enhances our eligibility to participate in larger and more complex infrastructure tenders. 
 
Later, we were also empanelled under the A category by MSIDC for the preparation of DPR for 
road projects valued at over INR36,000 crores. This empanelment complements our existing 
PMC assignment for 11 packages of MSIDC, expanding our participation in the state's 
infrastructure development program. 
 
Further in October 2025, we made our strategic entry into the aviation sector through an 
appointment by MADC, that is the Maharashtra Airport Development Company Limited, for 
consultancy services on the construction of link taxiways in MIHAN, Nagpur, which is valued 
at INR1.63 crores and spread over 20 months. This milestone diversifies our sectoral presence 
beyond bridges and highways into airport infrastructure.  
In the same month, we were also empanelled by the Odisha Bridge and Construction Corporation 
Limited as a consulting agency for supervision of roads and bridges for a period up to 3 financial 
years, that is up to March 2028, expanding our geographical reach in Eastern India. These 
developments selectively enhance our eligibility profile, geographic reach and sectoral diversity, 
reinforcing our reputation as a dependable partner for public infrastructure projects across India. 
 
Now let me move on to our financial performance. For Q2 FY '26, our consolidated revenue 
stood at INR19.40 crores, reflecting steady business momentum. EBITDA came in at INR2.13 
crores with margins at 10.95%, demonstrating disciplined cost management. Net profit for the 
quarter was INR1.01 crores, translating to a PAT margin of 5.19%. This performance 
underscores the company's focus on execution excellence, stronger project mix and strategic 
diversification across new clients and regions. 
 
For half yearly FY '26, our consolidated revenue stood at INR40.80 crores, supported by stable 
execution across key projects. EBITDA for the period was INR5.70 crores with a healthy 
EBITDA margin of 13.98%. Net profit for H1 reached INR2.60 crores, delivering a PAT margin 
of 6.38%. 
 
The half yearly performance demonstrates that the company's strengthening fundamentals, 
efficient project delivery and continued expansion across clients and regions. Looking ahead, 
we remain optimistic about the opportunities in India's infrastructure ecosystem supported by 
sustained government investments in highways, bridges, railways and airport connectivity. 
 
Our strategy is centered on expanding sectoral expertise, enhancing digital integration and 
project management and scaling operations across emerging markets. With strong and a growing 
project pipeline and a disciplined approach to execution, we are well positioned to sustain our 
growth momentum in second half of FY '26. The recent additions to our portfolio, particularly 
in the aviation sector and the state infrastructure will serve as a key growth enabler in the coming 
quarters. 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
In closing, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders, clients, partners and 
employees for their continued support and confidence. We remain committed to delivering 
engineering excellence, sustainable growth and long-term value creation. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And the first 
question comes from the line of Vinod Shah from VX Ventures. 
Vinod Shah: 
Yes. So our EBITDA margins in H1 were around 14%. So are these margins sustainable 
considering the mix of our new consultancy vertical? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Can you repeat? Your voice is a bit low. 
Vinod Shah: 
Yes. Our EBITDA margins were around 14% in H1. So is this the margin that those are 
sustainable going forward, considering we are venturing into the new consultancy vertical? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So answering your question, the EBITDA margin has reduced, but it's not a big significant 
reduction. It is marginally less. And as has been the trend now last year due to elections and this 
year also, the order book flow is a bit slow, which is now picking up for the month of October. 
So Q3 and Q4 will definitely take it up. And there is not a much drop in the EBITDA margin as 
such. 
 
Now with the new orders coming in, in the new sector as well, the reason of entering into new 
sectors and new geographies is because we want an increase in EBITDA margin. So our focus 
has now shifted into new -- entering into new sectors and new clients where we were only 
dependent on the highway sector. 
Vinod Shah: 
Okay. And what is the current order book and execution timeline on those, abrupt? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So our current order book is close to INR200 crores unexecuted. And this is to be executed 
in a period of 2.5 years, 2.5 to 3 years. 
Vinod Shah: 
Okay. And what's the bid pipeline? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So it depends on the type of projects. If it's a DPR project -- bid pipeline, sorry, bid pipeline is 
around 4 to 6 months. 
Vinod Shah: 
No, I'm asking about value, like how much... 
Tanvi Auti: 
Okay. How much tenders are bidded and -- yes, yes. Around INR250 crores of tenders are bidded 
for which results are awaited. 
Vinod Shah: 
Okay. Okay. Like with the recent tie-ups that we have done, so what kind of revenue growth and 
profitability we can expect in, let's just say, next 2 to 3 years? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So I'm not allowed to comment on the growth factor as per SEBI and LODR guidelines. But 
definitely, our Q3 and Q4 will be better than Q1 and Q2. 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Vinod Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And we have recently expanded into the Eastern India. So is there any plan like in 
North India and South India? 
Tanvi Auti: 
We are already having a strong presence in North and South India. East India, we had a few 
projects, 1 or 2 projects. Now we are expanding to the states as well. We were only doing it with 
NHAI and ministry that is the central government. Now with states also coming up with larger 
infrastructure projects, in fact, the state government projects are very high-end ticket size, INR25 
crores plus. That is why -- and with good EBITDA margins, of course. 
So our focus is now shift a little bit diverted from central government, which has gone in auto 
mode, and we are definitely receiving projects from NHAI and North as well. But in addition to 
that, in order to improve our EBITDA margin, we are now targeting state infrastructure projects, 
not just in Maharashtra, but all over the country. 
Vinod Shah: 
Okay. And like we are bidding into the aviation consultancy segment. So what are the revenue 
expectations from there, like in next 1 to 2 years, like what will be the contribution...? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So -- okay. So if it's -- it depends on the type of work, also if it's a full airport project, like we 
have bidded for over 7 airport projects right now. Out of that, one we have received for the -- 
for MIHAN, MADC Nagpur. The other projects that we have bidded, they are not for only the 
taxiway or the runway like it is for Nagpur, it is for the entire airport expansion. So we can 
expect a ticket size of INR10 crores to INR15 crores from it. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Gunit Singh from Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Gunit Singh: 
So what is the reason for fall in the revenues in Q2 by 40% and also fall in EBITDA margins if 
you compare year-on-year? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So it is just a spillover of last year due to the state and the central government elections. 
Secondly, in the last 6 months due to a debarment order from NHAI, we couldn't get any new 
projects that were there. But now since 4th July 2025, our projects close to INR250 crores have 
been bidded. And since October month, our revenues have started to build up. So the company 
has not -- the EBITDA margins of the revenue have not gone down very badly as such, not very 
substantial, but very marginally. And it will -- the Q3 and Q4 will take care of it. 
Gunit Singh: 
So what was the reason for debarment by NHAI? And are we allowed to bid orders now? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes, yes. So it was published on the BSE website as well that there is a stay order on it and the 
case has been adjourned. So right now, we are open to bid any tenders across the entire country. 
The reason for the debarment was that our JV partner, Global Infra Solutions, it was given back-
to-back -- the project was given on a joint venture back-to-back basis to him. 
 
And Dhruv had no role to play in that particular project. And due to some approvals given -- 
which were rectified also in the form of supplementary agreement, NHAI processed the 
debarment, but there was no loss faced to NHAI due to the errors made at site and which were 
rectified. Hence, the court issued a stay order on the debarment.  

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
And now we are open to bidding. And recently, we have been awarded an INR8.73 crores project 
in the state of Karnataka as well by NHAI. And we are being technically responsive also and 
our bids are also being opened. 
Gunit Singh: 
Got it. So is the case just temporarily closed? I mean, we have stay orders or is it permanently 
closed because the debarment was for 2 years. So I just would like to understand that do we have 
any risk of serving the entire 2-year debarment? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So NHAI is right now not pursuing the case because they understood that it has been done -- it 
was not fair with us as well. We've been a listed company. And till date, our record has been 
very clear. And in fact, our projects finished before time line as well. A lot of contractors have 
taken bonuses for early completion and not even one single show cause notice has ever been 
received against the company. So NHAI is not pursuing the case as such. That is why the case 
is adjourned. There have been no submissions from NHAI side on the case. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. Got it. So if we look at our top line in H1, so it has been much lower if we compare it 
year-on-year. So I would like to understand, would we be able to maintain -- I mean, achieve the 
INR100 crores revenues that we achieved in the previous financial year? 
Tanvi Auti: 
There will definitely be improvement in Q3 and Q4 because now the orders have started flowing 
in since Q3. Since October, if you can see, there have been a lot of empanelment, a lot of 
government projects coming up. In fact, we have bidded for major projects in CIDCO as well 
for the Navi Mumbai Airport connectivity. 
 
And they are much larger in ticket size, much improvement in EBITDA. So in fact, now the 
company is more focused on sectoral expansion and client expansion as well. So the results have 
also started to come out. And with new orders flowing in, there will be an improvement in order 
book also, and we'll be back to our original order book number that was there earlier. So we are 
expecting a good jump in our order book in Q3 itself. 
Gunit Singh: 
Got it. So what percentage of current order book is from NHAI? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Almost 90%. And that has -- the current order book, the debarment has no effect on the current 
order book. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. So I mean, it's just that we cannot bid for any new projects, but in case the debarment 
held... 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes, it was only for a period of 2 or 3 months from 4th July 2025, we have again started bidding 
for NHAI and MoRTH itself. 
Gunit Singh: 
So what is the reason for our debtor days increasing from around 55 to 60 during FY '22 to 
around 100 days currently? Is there a change in client -- our major clients or -- what is the main 
reason for that? 
Tanvi Auti: 
No change in major clients as such. Yes, MSIDC has been added, but the debtor days increase 
has been due to lower certification of work. There have been a few projects where certain land 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
acquisition or certain project clearances are pending due to which marginally, it has been lower 
due to lower certification of our bids. But I think with land acquisition issues also coming up 
and NHAI coming up with newer policies, this will also be sorted out. And now that we will no 
longer be dependent on only MoRTH or only NHAI, definitely, the debtor days will also see 
improvement. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pradeep Agarwal, Individual Investor. 
Pradeep Agarwal: 
So my first question is, what is the management's long-term plan? Does the company intend to 
evolve into multi-sector infra consultant like any AECOM or Scandex? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So yes, you can consider AECOM to be a role model kind of a company in infrastructure. 
We are definitely -- till now, we have expanded into the highway sector, and we are one of the 
top 5 consultants in India. In the last 3 or 4 months, you all have seen that there has been an 
increase in the clients as well as an increase in the sector. 
 
Our focus is now equally on the metros, the railways, the airports and urban infra sector, not just 
in India, but globally. Last year, we were awarded with a project in Mozambique, and we now 
have a presence in Mozambique. And with our U.K. subsidiary from London, we are bidding a 
lot of AfDB, ADB and World Bank assignments all over Africa, Southeast Asia. 
 
In addition to that, we are also increasing our client base, not just to the central government 
sector, but state governments as well where the ticket size are much larger, like we did with the 
Ganga Expressway project, which is valued at INR20 crores, with UPEIDA, which is a state 
government organization and MSIDC, INR22 crores project, which is again a state government 
organization. So with our focus on sectoral expansion and geographical expansion, definitely, 
we plan to become a multinational as well as a multi-sectoral company. 
Pradeep Agarwal: 
Okay. So there must be some plan to diversify into railways, metros like renewable energy... 
Tanvi Auti: 
We have already diversified. Railways, we are currently doing one project in Jharkhand, in Kota, 
Rajasthan and one in Tamil Nadu that is in Salem region. So 3 projects are currently ongoing in 
the railway sector. 
 
As far as metro is concerned, with MMRDA, Line 1, Line 5, Line 7 and Line 3A, all these 4 
projects we have given are PMC services for the metro sector in Mumbai. And we are also 
presently bidding for large metro projects under CIDCO, then large airport projects as well for 
the Navi Mumbai Airport connectivity and the Cochin Airport and other Tier 2, Tier 3 airport 
coming up.  
As we have heard in the Union Budget, 227 new airports are being constructed all over India, 
and there is very less competition there. Hence, airport sector has been identified, and we are 
bidding it with great joint ventures also in place. 
Pradeep Agarwal: 
Okay. Okay. Okay. And how has the revenue contribution evolved between DPR, PMC 
supervision and…? 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So between supervision, O&M would be around 40% of our revenue. Then 40% would be 
construction supervision and balance 20% for DPR. 
Pradeep Agarwal: 
Okay. And what's currently -- I mean, revenue currently coming from long-duration PMC 
projects versus short-duration DPR contracts? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Most of it is coming from PMC because operation and maintenance or construction forms a 
PMC project only. So that is why 80% of our revenue comes from PMC itself. 
Pradeep Agarwal: 
Okay. So the rest... 
Tanvi Auti: 
And it is good for cash flow management as well. It is good for cash flow management as we 
receive payment on a monthly basis. 
Pradeep Agarwal: 
Okay. Okay. And are there any large-sized multiyear consultancy mandates under a negotiation 
that could materially alter the revenue profile? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Can you tell your question again? 
Pradeep Agarwal: 
Are there any large-sized multiyear consultancy mandates under negotiations? So that would 
materially alter the revenue profile, right? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. All the assignments are for a longer tenure. For PMC, it is a 3-year construction plus a 3-
year defect liability period. Maintenance also are 5 years project. And DPR, we deliver our 
service in 1 year itself, but the project keeps on expanding as new requirements come up with 
the client. And for those, we receive variations as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chandresh Singh from Trident Asset Management. 
Chandresh Singh: 
So my question is Dhruv recently entered the global markets via Mozambique. So what is the 
strategy for scaling international assignments? And which regions are being targeted? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So presently, I would like to give you a list that in Mozambique, we are already present 
with a branch office present in Mozambique. Secondly, we are currently under negotiation in 
Ghana. Along with that, we are bidding -- we have been shortlisted in a few projects in Zambia. 
That's again in Africa. 
 
Then Cambodia also we have been shortlisted. There is Zambia and Tanzania. So these are the 
currently projects where projects are being talked about, and we have been shortlisted. And we 
are hopeful that from this Q3 onwards, we'll bring in more projects from the international sector. 
Chandresh Singh: 
Okay. My second question is, how does the company intend to build a sustainable international 
revenue stream through partnerships, JVs or local offices? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So we have a strong business development team who has a good network in Africa. And on a 
day-to-day basis, meetings are being done with these partners. And the local partners present in 
Africa do not carry the technical capability of carrying out the works on their own. That is why 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
they need a stronger JV partner to execute work -- larger works of World Bank or AfDB, 
especially in Africa.  
So they are in fact, it is -- they are more willing to partner with an Indian firm. So we take the 
local services wherever we need to deploy any local manpower as such. And all the project is 
being executed by our team itself, wherein we don't need to hire anyone extra, but within our 
existing manpower itself, this has been taken care. 
Chandresh Singh: 
Okay. My next question is, is the company evaluating AI/ML-based solutions or digital twins or 
design supervision or asset audits? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So we are currently implementing building information modeling, which is just a one notch 
below version of digital twin. So for digital twin to be implemented, we need BIM modeling 
first. So our team is currently being trained for BIM modeling with AI also coming up. 
 
AI will be implemented in building information modeling. So faster design sets and faster 
designs can be there. There can be faster project management efficiency also. So with all this 
advancements being done, we will be able to take up more number of projects. 
Chandresh Singh: 
And do you all use any digital project management tools and technologies to reduce cost and 
enhance efficiency? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So we have an internal ERP system that is being used for project management that has real-
time dashboards present in it. So each project coordinator at our head office actually can get a 
real-time report from the ERP about what is happening on the site. So that ERP is in place. And 
through that ERP, project management is being taken care on a real-time basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of [Anjana Nambiar from Orion Capital Managers 0:28:30]. 
Anjana Nambiar: 
Yes. So ma'am, like my first question is with multiple empanelment secured in financial year 
'26, what is the average conversion cycle from empanelment to receiving work orders? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So empanelment is not a work order. After empanelment, we are allowed to bid for orders that 
is coming up. So as and when, say, the empanelment is for a period of 3 years. So for the next 3 
years, under that client, we can bid any number of works. 
 
So like, for example, the Odisha Bridge Corporation that we received empanelment. So under 
that INR25 crores plus ticket size assignments are coming up. And due to that empanelment, we 
can now bid for larger ticket size projects, which have very good EBITDA as well. So there is 
no fixed time line. But as soon as the empanelment happens, even from tomorrow, we can start 
bidding. It is like that. 
Anjana Nambiar: 
So does being empanelled in multiple states give the company cost advantages or better visibility 
when bidding for national level projects? 
Tanvi Auti: 
It definitely helps us to reach larger client base and larger geographies also. So because with 
NHAI, we are present in 25 to 26 states where we are executing projects. But to have a wider 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
client base and larger ticket size projects, we have taken this step of targeting a few state 
government authorities as well. 
Anjana Nambiar: 
Okay. So like what is the current engineer to project ratio? And how does Dhruv Consultancy 
plan to scale manpower for coming tenders? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So for DPR projects, we have an in-house DPR team sitting at the head office itself. They 
are a team of 10 engineers, and they take care of our DPR projects from the head office. As far 
as PMC is concerned, we have project coordinators under 3 general managers, who take care of 
the project operations and have a real-time update about what is going on in the project. So along 
with that, we deploy around 8 key professionals and 20 subprofessionals, support staff on every 
site as per the tender requirement. 
 
If it's a maintenance project, then this might be less also. So for each project, such number is 
required to be deployed, whether it is domestic, whether it is international. And we have a strong 
recruitment team of 7 to 8 individuals who constantly are involved daily in the recruitment and 
talent acquisition for these particular projects. 
 
So until now, we haven't faced any issue with getting new manpower as well as we itself have a 
big manpower base of 450. So with our database itself -- within our database itself, we keep 
shifting in our in-house employees only if required, then we hire from outside. 
Anjana Nambiar: 
Okay. So ma'am, like my last question would be like given expansion into new regions, is the 
company planning to set up regional offices or...? 
Tanvi Auti: 
There will be no regional offices as such, but there will be project site offices wherever there is 
a PMC project. And right now, there are only -- there is only one subsidiary that is in U.K. As 
far as India is concerned, we operate from our Mumbai office only. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditi Roy from Patel Advisors. 
Aditi Roy: 
Ma'am, I just want to know how we are improving our execution efficiency and turnaround time, 
if we specifically talk on DCRS, PMC and supervision assignment. 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So we are currently -- as I said in my previous answer also, we are currently implementing 
building information modeling. This is -- this will help achieve faster designs because building 
information modeling not just helps us organize our design works, but it implements AI. 
 
And through that, not just 2D models, but 3D models of infrastructure projects will also be 
developed. Right now, in Saudi Arabia, the Middle East and developed countries, not 3D, but 
5D models are being developed, 5 dimensional.  
So we have -- now our team is being trained on 3D modeling and soon with digital twin 
implementation and more advancements in the AI field, I think with 5D and 6D modeling should 
also be there, which will help us take more number of projects and increase the employee 
performance as well. 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Aditi Roy: 
Okay, ma'am. And ma'am, what steps are we being taken to ensure the timely deployment of 
skilled manpower, specifically with the expansion into new states and new income categories? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So the bid period is around 4 to 5 months. So 4 months before itself, the employee, who is going 
to be deployed on the project gives a written consent not just to me, but to the client as well. So 
that person has to join on the project because at the bidding stage itself, they give a consent. And 
if in case there is a delay in deployment or so, the client is informed. But in less than 1 month of 
the project award date or the work order date, our deployment is usually 100%. 
Aditi Roy: 
Okay, ma'am. And on 75% of workforce being engineers. And what is the company's strategy 
for hiring retention and capability building going forward? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So as compared to the industry, we have the lowest retention to the tune of 3% to 4%, lowest 
attrition, I would say. So with such a low attrition rate, I think we are already ahead of our 
competitors. So that itself answers it. 
Aditi Roy: 
And ma'am, so if we talk of government-related projects forming the bulk of revenue, how we 
mitigate a delay related or payment cycle risk? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So yes, delays used to happen, but now the delays have significantly reduced. And more than 
180 days, hardly any debtor goes because average 120 days, we receive our payments. Even 
though it is delayed, it is a 100% guaranteed payment, whereas in private sector, we have seen 
that there are huge delays. But as far as government sector is concerned, our payments, even 
though there is a delay, we receive the payment properly whatever has been contracted in the 
agreement. 
Aditi Roy: 
And ma'am, my last question, how we are managing the margin pressure in price competitive 
bidding processes? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So that itself has been taken care with sectoral expansion and geographical expansion. With the 
geographical expansion, we have now started receiving payments in USD. So dollar has been 
quite high, and that actually gives us an advantage of receiving good payments in U.S. dollars. 
So that is one. And client base widening also now we are -- with new empanelments also coming 
in place, we are bidding larger ticket size projects, which definitely have good EBITDA margin. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Thomas, an Individual Investor. 
Thomas: 
We talked about the Mozambique empanelment and all. Why has there been a huge delay? We've 
been hearing about the orders coming in for now maybe more than a year now. Why hasn't there 
been any progress? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Mozambique project has already been executed, and we have received our payments also. So I 
don't think there's an issue there. But the turnaround time itself in Africa, they are very small 
countries like Gambia, Ghana, Zambia, Tanzania, where the population is also less and due to 
less population, the requirements are low, but definitely, ticket sizes are more. 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
 
There is a 2-year turnaround time for all this. So the projects that we have bidded 2 years ago 
we just started entering into the international sector 1.5 to 2 years ago. So now the results keep 
on coming in as far as government sector is concerned. To enter into the private sector there, we 
need local registrations, which we now have in Mozambique. 
 
So with the Mozambique order being executed, we can get faster projects in Mozambique. But 
as far as other Africa is concerned, the market is quite slow there. And this year, 2025 itself has 
been slow all over the world. So -- but we can see that in Q3 itself, things have started to pick 
up. So a lot of negotiation meetings have been held up in the past 1 month only, which did not 
happen in the past 7 to 8 months. So things have started to take place. But due to a general 
slowness all over the world economy, I think things are getting delayed. 
Thomas: 
Okay. And so when you're looking at an overall order book or orders that you can win, what is 
the maximum size that it can go up to? Can you give me an estimate? 
Tanvi Auti: 
The order book? 
Thomas: 
Yes, the total order book, like what could the maximum size be based on your capacity right 
now? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So for vision for 2030, we have a target of INR1,000 crores order book, and it can definitely go 
higher than that if airport projects and more larger ticket size, like we are bidding ticket size of 
close to INR150 crores also. So if we start receiving such good ticket size projects, then it might 
go up more than that, but INR1,000 crores is what we are eyeing at for 2030. 
Thomas: 
Okay. And when it comes to when you're having these discussions and negotiations, what factors 
are you considering? I mean, are you trying to make sure that you win it on price? Or is there a 
cost plus basis that you're looking at? What is it? 
Tanvi Auti: 
No. It is just a taxation that needs to be cleared off because whether the country has a DTA 
agreement with India or not. So just the taxations are being discussed. There is no cost 
negotiation as such happening. If in case -- because there is a 2-year period of between the 
bidding and the opening, if in case they allow us to replace our manpower also in case someone 
has left or someone needs to be replaced. Other than that, there are no cost reductions happening 
in the negotiation. 
Thomas: 
Okay. And what would you -- what is the -- I mean, in India, what is your win rate when it comes 
to these tenders? And abroad, what do you feel your bid win rate would be? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Bid win rate. So right now, if you see the overall bid period also, we are -- we have a success 
rate right now of 1%, which we are now scaling up to 5% to 10% in this financial year. Whereas 
in India, it is a 25% strike rate, a bid win rate. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Priya Jain from Green Capital. 
Priya Jain: 
So I'm new to the company and I was going through a few of the available information on 
exchange on Dhruv. So Dhruv has entered new sectors such as aviation consultancy and traffic 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
census services. So how do you see the sector mix evolving over the next 2, 3 years? And what 
percentage of revenue could non-highway segment contribute? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes. So we are expecting that -- see, even though we are expanding in sectors, highway is going 
to remain the core of it because the network that highway has all over the country, no other 
sector has. So -- but what we are looking at from the sectoral expansion is large ticket size and 
good EBITDA margin projects. 
 
So the number of projects may not be very high, but the ticket size and the EBITDA margins 
will definitely be higher. The Union Budget itself tells us the budget allocation and the focus 
being given on infrastructure projects. In the last 2 or 3 budgets itself, we have seen emphasis 
on railways, metros and airport sector. Airport sector has been given emphasis this Union 
Budget, the last Union Budget itself. So with these advancements happening, companies 
aligning their sales and business development efforts accordingly. 
Priya Jain: 
And what kind of EBITDA margin you all are eyeing? 
Tanvi Auti: 
We are eyeing on 30% to 35% EBITDA margin in these sectors. 
Priya Jain: 
Great. Good to hear. Okay. So I have a few more question with multiple across CWD and 
MADC, OBCC, what's the company's internal estimate of the addressable tender value over the 
next, you may say, like 12 to 18 months? 
Tanvi Auti: 
In the next -- so INR250 crores of orders are presently being bidded, and we are hopeful that in 
-- by the end of Q4, INR70 crores to INR80 crores total projects will minimum be added with 
our strike rate. But now that we are expecting some improvements in ticket size also, so this can 
be higher as well. 
Priya Jain: 
Okay. And what is the current like active consolidated order book? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Unexecuted order book is INR200 crores. 
Priya Jain: 
Okay. And how much of this is expected to convert into like a top line is going to contribute in 
top line for...? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So this -- our INR200 crores is to be executed in 2 years because I'm not allowed to comment 
on the revenue figures. So I can only say that INR200 crores is the total order book and to be 
executed in 2.5 to 3 years. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up is from the line of Vinod Shah from VX Ventures. 
Vinod Shah: 
Okay. So what digital tools have the company has deployed like for supervision of the project 
and for tracking the quality? And like is it contributing to the higher margin? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Margins have no effect to play on it, but definitely, the efficiency will improve. We can take up 
more number of projects with these implementations. Margins, if digital tools is good for the 
contractor, but as a consultant, our job is only supervision and designing. So with more time 

 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
available with us through this implementation, we can take up more number of projects. That is 
the -- so that can help us in increasing the order book. 
Vinod Shah: 
Okay. So are we like doing like drone-based surveys or LiDAR mapping for BI? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes, we are doing it. We are doing it. 
Vinod Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And like how sensitive is the business to the like change in employee cost and 
employee cost inflation? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So yes, there is inflation in employee cost, but our attrition rate in the industry -- the industry 
attrition rate is 20%, but our attrition rate is 3% to 4%. So which itself till now as such, we 
haven't faced this issue of manpower in our operations. And we have a very good talent 
acquisition team who's been involved on a day-to-day basis dedicatedly for employee attrition 
as well as hiring new employees for new projects. 
Vinod Shah: 
And what's the current employees -- new employees and total employees? And how much of 
them are on contract or full time? Can you give a breakdown on that? 
Tanvi Auti: 
So around 100 employees are on contract, but rest all are on our permanent status. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Harshil Ghanshyani from Kirin Advisors for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Harshil Ghanshyani: 
Yes. Thank you, everyone, for joining the conference call of Dhruv Consultancy Services 
Limited. If you have any queries, you can write us at research@kirinadvisors.com. Once again, 
thank you, everyone, for joining the conference call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you, everyone. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
