                Mahindra EPC Irrigation Ltd.
Plot No. H-109, MIDC, Ambad
Nashik-422 010 India
Tel: +91 253 6642000
Email: Info@mahindrairrigation.com
www.mahindrairrigation.com 
Regd. Office: Plot No. H-109, MIDC, Ambad, Nashik-422 010 India, Tel: +91 253 6642000   
Email: Info@mahindrairrigation.com | www.mahindrairrigation.com | 
CIN No. L25200MH1981PLCO25731 | Agri helpline toll free number: - 1800 209 1050  
Date: November 25, 2025 
 
To, 
 
The General Manager,
The General Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-I Block G,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai 400051 
Fort, Mumbai- 400 001 
NSE Symbol: MAHEPC 
BSE Scrip Code: 523754 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call with Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds – 
pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR 
Regulations”) 
 
Ref: Intimation of Analyst / Investor Call vide letter dated November 14, 2025 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
This is further to our letter dated November 14, 2025 wherein we had given advance 
intimation of the Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, 20th November, 2025 with 
several Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds. 
 
In compliance with the SEBI LODR Regulations, please find attached the transcript of 
the earnings conference call held on Thursday, 20th November, 2025. 
 
We hereby further inform you that the aforesaid transcript is available on the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.mahindrairrigation.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/11/MEIL-Earnings-Transcript-Nov20-2025.pdf  
 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
 
 
 
Ratnakar Nawghare 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A8458 
 
Place: Nashik 
Ratnakar Vasudeo 
Nawghare
Digitally signed by Ratnakar 
Vasudeo Nawghare 
Date: 2025.11.25 18:09:26 +05'30'

 
 
 
“Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited H1 FY26 Financial Results 
Conference Call” 
 
November 20, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAMESH RAMACHANDRAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
MAHINDRA EPC IRRIGATION LIMITED 
 
 

 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
November 20, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Investors Call hosted by Mahindra EPC 
Irrigation Limited for H1 FY26 Financial Results. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ramesh Ramachandran – Managing Director from Mahindra 
EPC. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
Thank you and a very good afternoon to all our investors. On behalf of Mahindra EPC, I would like 
to sincerely thank all of you for joining this call. Thank you very much for continuing to take a keen 
interest in your company. 
As customary in my introduction, I will touch upon “Key Insights and Developments in the Micro 
Irrigation Industry, our Industry Outlook, and also Some Points on Your Company’s Preparedness to 
Address Opportunities.” And following this introduction, we will have a Q&A session. 
So, let me start with a Macro View of the Micro Irrigation industry in India: 
We all know that Agriculture continues to be the backbone of our nation, engaging nearly 65% of 
India’s population and contributing to around 18% of India’s Gross Value Added (GVA). According 
to the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation, the real GVA of the Agriculture and 
allied sector is expected to be Rs.23.91 lakh crores in FY25 versus Rs.23.4 lakh crores in FY24, 
which is a growth of 3.8% on a very large base. 
India is also firmly placed as a net exporter of Agri-products, with exports ranging from $48 billion 
to $53 billion annually. However, with 18% of the world’s population, India has access only to 4% 
of global freshwater resources. Agriculture alone consumes over 80% of India’s freshwater 
withdrawals. As per current estimates, per capita water availability in India is expected to drop from 
1,545 cubic meters in 2011 to 1,140 cubic meters by 2050, classifying India as a potentially water-
scarce nation. 
Additionally, India is likely to see faster growth rates in the secondary sector, which comprises 
industries such as manufacturing, construction, electricity, utilities, etc., and also faster growth rates 
in the tertiary sector, which is mainly the services sector. Now to support the actual rates of growth 
and the required rates of growth in the secondary and tertiary sectors, a larger share of water available 
in India needs to be provided to these sectors. But since there is a natural limit on the sources of 
water, a lot of the water required for these sectors needs to come from a reduced water consumption 
in Agriculture. This reduction will come from all types of water -- surface water, groundwater 
conservation, recharge projects, but it will also come from what we call on-farm water management, 

 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
November 20, 2025 
 
and that includes farm water use efficiency improvement. It is this context that puts micro irrigation 
at the very heart of India’s sustainability and economic transformation initiatives. 
Micro irrigation, in fact, addresses three of India’s core goals -- One is water use efficiency, two is 
productivity improvement, and three is doubling farmer income. 
As I have mentioned in the previous investor calls, there are various studies that clearly prove that 
micro irrigation benefits the farmer by saving costs such as fertilizer, labor, electricity, all in the range 
of 20% to 30% savings of cost while improving the productivity by 30% to 40%. 
With this background, as we look at the potential and the existing penetration of micro irrigation in 
India: 
We see only about 18% penetration of the total identified potential for micro irrigation of about 72 
million hectares. This estimated potential of 72 million hectares is based mostly on groundwater 
availability and some portion of surface water. If, however, most of the surface water available in 
India is also assumed to be available for Agriculture, then the potential for micro irrigation doubles 
from 72 million hectares to about 144 million hectares. 
Given all this, the government of India has therefore set an ambitious target of 2 million hectares 
annually, aiming to cover 10 million hectares over the next five years. The commitment of the central 
government is evident from the fact that in the current financial year, FY26, for the first time in 
history, the central government has issued 43% of its annual fund allocations for the states as mother 
sanctions, and that too just by the month of May 2025. However, for the micro irrigation industry to 
fully benefit from this, it requires not just central government push and policy, but also consistent 
state-level execution, availability of state-level funding, and input cost-linked price mechanisms. It 
is, in fact, a synchronization of priorities at all levels that will help show a positive impact. 
Let us now talk about the “First Half of FY26”: 
This year, as we know, is a year of La Nina effect, and hence the southwest monsoon we all saw, 
there was an above-normal rainfall, 107.9% of the long-term average. While this means groundwater 
availability will be better in the longer term and a better rabi season for FY26, it has, however, posed 
challenges for the micro irrigation business in H1 FY26. The incessant rains from May to as late as 
October impacted micro irrigation demand as well as installation. Hence, Q2F26 was affected. But 
riding on your company’s diversification into other revenue streams like irrigation projects, non-
subsidy business, as well as focus on certain key states, your company’s revenues grew over the 
previous year’s first half by 17%. 
In what we estimate as an industry that had a de-growth or, at best, flattish performance versus 
H1FY25, your company has registered a growth of around 17% with a revenue of Rs.111.6 crores 
versus Rs.95.3 crores over a similar period last year. 

 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
November 20, 2025 
 
Also, the company has improved its bottom line, delivering a PBT of Rs.1.9 crores for H1FY26 
versus a loss of Rs.7.3 crores in H1FY25, which is a positive swing of more than Rs.9 crores. This 
performance was delivered through a combination of: 
1. 
Growth in the irrigation projects business  
2. 
Improved performance in certain key states of opportunity 
3. 
An improved product mix 
4. 
Good commercial discipline 
5. 
Good cost controls. 
During this period, raw material prices were stable. That, along with our strategic sourcing initiatives, 
has enabled your company to deliver material cost saving of 0.4% versus H1FY25. The rest of the 
total 1.7% material cost saving versus H1FY25 can be attributed to the impact of a better mix, a 
better mix in terms of businesses, states, and products. 
For Q2FY26, your company registered a flat revenue of about Rs.50 crores versus Q2FY25, which 
was also Rs.50 crores. However, there was good turnaround in the bottom line with the PBT for 
Q2FY26 coming in at Rs.0.6 crores versus a loss of Rs.3.7 crores for Q2FY25. 
The receivables in H1FY26 were higher versus FY25 by about Rs.9.4 crores. This was on account 
of an increase in receivables during H2FY25, and the skew towards certain opportunity states with 
longer collection cycles, and the delayed fund release in these states also led to increased receivables. 
However, it is noteworthy to mention that the receivables in terms of days of sales has gone down by 
about six days versus FY25. 
As mentioned earlier, we do think that the industry is nearing an inflection point. After the challenges 
and subdued growth in the last few years, some encouraging trends are visible: 
1. 
First, a stable raw material price environment. Though these are not enough to take us to 
material cost levels that we have seen in the past, such as in FY20, nevertheless, they have 
been softer in the recent past. The only caveat we would mention here is that geopolitical 
events would obviously change these things    going forward. 
2. 
The second encouraging trend is that we have had successive years of good monsoons 
which was the case this year too. And riding on this, we do see a better rabi season ahead 
of us. 
3. 
Thirdly, riding on efforts by the government and industry, as well as the visible benefits of 
micro irrigation, we do believe that an increased number of farmers are getting aware of 
the benefits of micro irrigation, which may lead to improved demand. 
4. 
The fourth encouraging trend we see is an increasing sustainability awareness in the urban 
regions. And that we believe could lead to improved usage of micro irrigation, and it is 
likely to improve demand in retail markets as well. 

 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
November 20, 2025 
 
5. 
The fifth encouraging trend is the policy environment, which is showing some encouraging 
signs. 
Let me just list out a few of them: 
A. The Hon’ble Prime Minister is pushing for 1 crore hectares to be covered in the next five 
years, which translates to an average of 2 million hectares a year versus about 1 million 
hectares in the  FY25. 
B. 
Key states such as Andhra Pradesh have requested additional assistance to cover larger 
areas under micro irrigation over the next four years. 
C. 
Several current active states such as AP, Telangana, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu are active, giving 
a positive push to the industry. 
D. The recent GST changes, i.e. the reduction of GST on micro irrigation from 12% to 5%, is 
likely to have a positive impact on demand in the medium-to-long-term. 
E. 
Finally, multiple ministries are working actively on laying a roadmap and looking at 
convergence of schemes and policies. For instance, groundwater use efficiency through 
Atal Bhujal Yojana, the modernizing of the command area development and water 
management for storage, recharge, and improved water use efficiency. The effect of all of 
this will be realized in improving area under micro irrigation in the future, and also 
including pressurized piping systems in the detailed project reports for major irrigation 
projects. 
All these are early signs of a positive environment. However, to unlock opportunity, we also need 
strong coordination between the central government and the state governments, and we also need the 
regularizing of fund disbursement. 
Just to note, as the business environment gets favorable, the industry does show a good growth. 
Example, during FY16 to FY20, the industry did register a 20% CAGR. 
While that is good for the long-term prospects of our industry, how are we as Mahindra EPC gearing 
to tap these opportunities? As we have mentioned in the previous calls, your company is learning 
from the past, and it is working on shock-proofing itself by reshaping its businesses. Just in the last 
18-months, the industry has seen many events that have impacted it, such as the election code of 
conduct, the temporary market impact of GST change, unseasonal and extended rains which imposed 
challenges, etc., In fact, the industry was a bit subdued and was pegged at 1 million hectares in FY25 
versus 1.1 million hectares in FY24. 
Despite all these odds, your company has shown a better-than-industry consistent growth, both on 
top line as well as on PBT. Steadily improving the consistency of the business is extremely important 
for us, and so we have done a lot of groundwork in the following areas: 

 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
November 20, 2025 
 
1. 
In the subsidy business, we have recalibrated our presence in the various states to reduce 
business concentration risks. 
2. 
As an internal effort to make the growth smoother, we have strengthened processes and 
defined a tighter commercial policy for optimizing revenue, profitability, and working 
capital. 
3. 
We have continued to improve cost efficiency and productivity. Just to quote a few 
examples, manpower cost for FY25 was Rs.31.8 crores, which is a single-digit growth 
compared to FY20 levels, despite inflation over these six years. Also, the manufacturing 
rejections are at sub-2% levels, which is much better than industry average. 
4. 
For a better control over freight and processing costs for the last few years, we have been 
efficiently managing distributed manufacturing with satellite units, while our main unit 
continues to be in Nasik. This also has improved our asset utilization. 
5. 
We have started improving our coverage in the emerging markets, such as the north of 
India, and we have seen some early success in northern states. 
6. 
We have strengthened internal capabilities to address the non-subsidy segments, such as 
the thin-wall business, institutional sales, and small, mid-sized irrigation projects. In fact, 
you will be happy to note that we have reached a 37.8% contribution of the non-subsidy 
business to the total business in H1 FY26, compared to a mere 3% contribution in FY20. 
Today, we have got an unrecognized work order pipeline of about Rs.76 crores for irrigation projects, 
and besides this, we are also exploring export markets in coordination with Mahindra and Mahindra’s 
international operations. 
As we create a more stable, more consistent, and steadily growing revenue base, we will look at 
margins. With the improvement in the non-subsidy business, our margins will improve particularly 
through our margins in the higher margin states. 
In the non-subsidy meanwhile, as our brand gets established like it has in the subsidy business, we 
will start commanding a better price and better margins to reflect our quality. 
As I come to the end of my information-sharing session, I would like to briefly touch upon one more 
point, and that is the M&M parentage of Mahindra EPC. As you know, Mahindra & Mahindra is a 
blue-chip company with the highest standards of corporate governance and transparency, which we 
as Mahindra EPC benefit from. 
M&M also has a strong track record of manufacturing and marketing excellence, which we are 
benefiting from and will continue to benefit from in the following years. 
To summarize and conclude: 
We feel that the micro irrigation industry will, like any other industry, go through some ups and some 
downs, but the long-term outlook is very compelling, and in the medium-term, we as Mahindra EPC 

 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
November 20, 2025 
 
are well-placed to take advantage of both our unique capabilities as well as the emerging 
opportunities in order to deliver above-industry performance. 
That brings me to the end of my session. Thank you very much for listening patiently. I now open up 
the session to “Questions and Answers.” 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Aditya Shah from Vikram Advisory Services. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Shah: 
Hello, sir. It is nice talking to you again. I have two questions as of now. I will take one-by-one. The 
first one is I heard you saying that we have 37% contribution from non-subsidy business. What I 
would be interested in knowing is that what is the margin of that 37% business and the remaining 
margin? The second question I will ask later. 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
Okay. So, Aditya, there is obviously a difference in the margin of the subsidy business and the non-
subsidy business. In fact, there is also a difference in the margin of the subsidy business by states. 
And as we mentioned in the investor call, the performance that we have had, reflects also a good 
skew in terms of the fact that we have more subsidy sales in the higher margin states in this half. 
Now, coming to your point specifically in the non-subsidy business, our margin is lower. However, 
as we have mentioned in the previous calls, we want to grow the business on all fronts, we want to 
grow in terms of scale, we want to grow in terms of our working capital profile, and we also want to 
grow the business in terms of profit. So, different revenue streams bring different benefits to us. And 
the non-subsidy business does have a lower margin. But, we believe that as the brand gets established 
in the non-subsidy business, like it has in the subsidy business, we will start commanding a better 
price and better margins. Does that answer your question? 
Aditya Shah: 
No, sir. My specific point was, what is the contribution to the margin from the 37%? Why I ask you 
is that, let us say on a quarterly basis, we have a 2.7%, 2.8% operating margin for the entire Rs.50 
crores turnover. Now, as per my understanding, the subsidy business has a higher margin profile. So, 
from what it looks like, is that we would be losing money in the non-subsidy business currently, is it 
true probably for the first six months or this quarter? And if not, then why is our margin only this 
2.8%, because if I understand correctly, the subsidy part of the business would be contributing a very 
high margin, considering the material cost? 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
Yes. So, Aditya, I just want to confirm that we are definitely not losing money on our non-subsidy 
business. So, there is definitely no negative impact on our total margin in terms of loss-making 
because of our non-subsidy business. I just want to clarify that. 
Aditya Shah: 
Correct. Okay. So, exact number, I can have it later with you, sir. I do not need to worry about that. 
The second question was regarding, as you already mentioned in your brief remarks, is that the debtor 
days would lower but the absolute receivables increased. So, the entire six months yielded us a 

 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
November 20, 2025 
 
negative operating cash flow. So, do you expect the next six months to be on similar lines or would 
we have better cash flow in the next six months? 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
We do expect an improvement in the next six months. So, obviously, the mix that we have of the 
different states impacts us on an ongoing basis. And in the following six months, we do expect an 
improvement because we are seeing a possibility of  better cash flow, we are seeing better likelihood 
of subsidy release, and we think some momentum is definitely building there. So, we are looking 
forward to the next six months from a cash flow perspective. 
Aditya Shah: 
Correct, sir. And the third question is that recently in the last one month, we heard in Gujarat that 
because of these unseasonal rains, there are a lot of farmers, I forgot the number but around 11 lakh 
farmers have applied for a waiver of their loans or interest or something like that. So, would these 
kind of things impact the remaining part of the season and how much have they impacted our first 
six months? 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
As I mentioned in Investor Call, we have been impacted in Q2, you saw that our revenue was similar 
to what it was last year, and it is not just Gujarat, it is different states, and it is not just us, it is an 
industry level phenomenon. The incessant rains have definitely impacted the industry. And that is 
really something that is by way of suppression of demand, suppression of installation, etc., So, it is a 
direct linkage there. And Gujarat is not an exception in that sense. That is a phenomenon that we see 
across the country. By way of this, is there going to be an impact on the fact that there are farmers 
now asking for some kind of relief from the government? I think, time will tell. We cannot really see 
any impact right now. But we will watch this space carefully because finally it is the state 
government’s decision. 
Aditya Shah: 
Correct. Okay. Sir then the fourth one is that 37% of non-subsidy revenue by the year end, do we 
expect it to go to 40% for the full year or would remain around the same levels as of now, or maybe 
45% for the full year I am asking? 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
So, we think, frankly, that we have done very well to get it to 37%, 37%-plus already and we would 
be hoping to maintain it at these levels for the rest of this year. 
Aditya Shah: 
Okay. Sir, the last question is a bit not on the company, but just the Mahindra Investor Day was 
celebrated today and they have shared a presentation on their website regarding whatever their plans 
are about the future and all of that. So, I believe that our business is a part of the FES business in the 
presentation that they have shared. But my question is that in any of their presentations, it is never 
mentioned about our business, or they do not see it as a growth gem or as they market other businesses 
or they have the plans for other businesses of the Mahindra Group. So, any reason for them to not 
showcase our business or where do we find and what is playing on their mind as a group, because 
nothing of our business, either the Agri business or anything is mentioned in their presentation 
anywhere? 

 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
November 20, 2025 
 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
Yes, yes. So, I think that the fact that I would like to emphasize is the contribution that Mahindra 
EPC makes to the group when it comes to - 
Aditya Shah: 
It is very miniscule right now. 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
No, so I was about to say something slightly different, but okay, no problem. I am saying that the 
contribution that Mahindra EPC makes to the group when it comes to some of the environmental-
related aspirations of M&M is unparalleled within the group and it has the most significant impact 
on M&M’s water-positive aspirations, which is a very powerful reason for a responsibly-minded 
company like M&M to be in this business. Now, if I come to the numbers, I think the numbers are 
what they are. We are obviously a very large group and Mahindra EPC is a business that is smaller 
in proportion to some of the other businesses, but of course we have got aspirations for growth. I 
think when businesses get mentioned in the various investor reports, there is always a reason for them 
to get mentioned. So, what the report looked like a few months ago or a few years ago will be very 
different from what it looks like in the future. So, I would not draw too many conclusions from the 
fact that this company is not mentioned in whatever you have seen on the website. What I would 
leave you with is the fact that this has the most significant impact on the group when it comes to 
some of our environment and water-related aspirations, number one. And number two, we have got 
a growth aspiration, we have got a scaling aspiration as well, and I am sure at the right time, we will 
also be mentioned in these reports for various reasons. 
Aditya Shah: 
I will be the most happy when that happens and I am always positive about it. It is just that right now 
it feels like a CSR part of the Mahindra group, just jokingly, but I definitely hope for the future, 
which is very bright, as you say and in your vision, and definitely, I see a point where all of these 
things are so important for the farmer, as in doubling the farmer incomes and how it benefits them 
and the technology with which they can save a lot of money. But it is just that the dependency on the 
state governments is so deep that even if the central government wants to do a good thing, some 
things just do not happen or take its own sweet time. So, hence, we have diversified that 37% of non-
subsidy, which is a great movement and I hope we can sooner reach 50% and that makes our cash 
flows and numbers more positive and stable and more predictable as I had requested in the last call 
as well. So, thank you, sir. I really hope for the future and I trust your vision for the company and 
yes, that is it. 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
Aditya, thank you as always for your excellent questions and keep engaged with us and we look 
forward to working with you together for many years to come. 
Aditya Shah: 
Thank you, sir. Me too. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Rajan Shah, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rajan Shah: 
Yes, good afternoon, Ramesh ji. How are you? 

 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
November 20, 2025 
 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
I am very well, sir. How are you? 
Rajan Shah: 
Yes, I am fine, sir. So, I have a few questions, actually. Thank you for the update actually in the 
initial remarks, we got a lot of information, and plus, Aditya also asked you a lot of questions, so 
many of those have got answered, my questions also, were much similar, so many of them have got 
answered, but I have still a few questions. Sir, how much revenue actually we lost in the first half 
because of excess monsoon – Rs10 crores, Rs15 crores, if we can get some idea on that, how much 
exactly we lost, approximately? 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
Yes, so I would probably say that, it is better to look at the impact on revenue by days rather than by 
rupees crores. So, perhaps 15-days to 30-days would be our estimate of the impact on revenue. 
Rajan Shah: 
So, maybe approximately about Rs.15 crores or something we can expect we would have lost if -? 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
Yes, it depends on the month because the revenues change by month, and that is staggered across 
different months, it is not all born in one month. So, I think it would be more realistic to think about 
it like that. 
Rajan Shah: 
Okay. So, at least 15-days of business we lost, we can take it that way? 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
Yes, I would say that there has been an impact and it is at an industry level. 
Rajan Shah: 
Okay, okay, fine. And actually, sir, you said that the non-subsidy business was at about 37% in the 
first half, and it would remain approximately around the same level by the end of the current year. 
So, assuming that even if you do Rs.200 crores of top line in the second half, because last year second 
half you did I think about Rs.180 crores. So, this year assuming since you have done 17% growth in 
the first half, so we can expect at least 20% growth in the second half, because things are looking 
bright? So, let us say we clock about Rs.220 crores of top line in the second half, in that case, the 
non-subsidy business would be about 37%. So, what I want to tell is that, our non-subsidy business 
is still much lower than what we clocked in FY19-20, because in FY19-20, we did a revenue of 
Rs.285 crores and only 3% came from non-subsidy, that was about Rs.10 crores, let us say Rs.10 
crores came from non-subsidy and Rs.275 crores came from subsidy business, where the margins are 
very high compared to the non-subsidy business. So, that Rs.275 crores subsidy business of FY19-
20 will be still much lower in the current fiscal, assuming that you do 37% of non-subsidy sales on a 
turnover of about Rs.320 crores. Any thoughts on that, sir, I mean, why is it so low even after five 
years? And in last year the industry did 1 million hectares. This year, sir, what is your take like? We 
will do 1.1-1.2 million hectares. I mean, how much are we expecting? And why is still the subsidy 
business still much lower than FY19-20 levels? 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
So, Rajan, like we have been saying in the last few investor calls, the goal that we have as a business 
is to show steady performance. Now, that requires us to rebalance our portfolio. We know the 
dynamics of the subsidy industry. In the subsidy industry, you can grow, but it comes at a cost in 

 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
November 20, 2025 
 
terms of your working capital management. As a business, we have got to balance all the key aspects 
of our business – our revenues, our profits, and our risk. Everything has to be managed. And that 
calibration requires us to take some calls in terms of how much we push on subsidy business, number 
one, and how much we push in the specific states for subsidy business, because each state also has a 
different profile. So, I would not necessarily be comparing it to FY19, FY20, as if that were the model 
to be followed. What I would say is that we should look at our business year-on-year, quarter-on-
quarter, half-on-half, and make sure that it is progressing in the right direction in terms of these 
metrics, in terms of top line, in terms of bottom line, in terms of working capital efficiency. That is 
the way I would look at our business going forward. 
Rajan Shah: 
Okay. Right. But the point is, as you said, I mean, industry is growing, and our part of the subsidy 
business is coming down. Yes, we are doing well on the non-subsidy front, but margins are lower 
there. So, my point is that, group companies like Mahindra Lifespaces, Mahindra Logistics, earlier 
there was Mahindra Finance, they all came out with rights issue, they raised capital, and they are 
growing. What is stopping us from doing the same thing? We can also raise maybe Rs.100 crores in 
Mahindra EPC, and take up higher projects, get into a little bit more aggressively into subsidy 
business and we can scale up our turnover and bottom line. My point is that, we can raise a small 
amount and experiment with the little larger projects. Right now, we are in Rs15 crores project, Rs.20 
crores project, we can go to Rs.35-40- 50 crores projects by raising little capital via rights issue or 
via preferential allotment to Mahindra & Mahindra. See, for Mahindra & Mahindra putting in Rs.100 
crores is not a big thing, they can raise their stake from 54% to 75% and use this money. So, that also 
does not go up. And we get capital, and we can aggressively go into subsidy as well as go into little 
higher projects and scale up our business without resorting to debt. So, group companies have done, 
they have raised Rs.1,500 crores, Rs.750 crores in Mahindra Lifespaces, Rs.1,500 crores I think in 
Mahindra Logistics, Mahindra Finance also raised a big amount. So, here we are talking about raising 
just Rs.100 crores or something, and we can scale up this business. So, that is the whole idea about 
scaling up you know. Otherwise, with this capital, we will not be able to grow as much. Because if 
you see Finolex Plasson, in FY19-20, the profit was x, right now it is 2x. So, my point is that in the 
same period, they have also gone aggressively into subsidy business and raised their top line and the 
bottom line. We can also do that because we are a stronger brand… we are, I mean, solid brand. So, 
we should take that benefit of the parent and the brand and scale it up, because it is time that now 
that the industry, because I was on the Jain Irrigation con call also, they are talking about three, four 
years kind of good growth for the micro irrigation industry and you also spoke about things 
happening. So, this is the right time to actually infuse some capital and take it to the next level over 
the next three, four years you know? 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
So, Rajan ji, first of all, thank you for the suggestion and I think it is always positive to hear investors 
talking about us raising capital for growth and that is always an option. So, you are right, that is 
always an option. I will just give you a couple of comments just to make sure that we are all aligned 
on this. The projects business for us actually is part of non-subsidy. When we are talking about non-
subsidy, the projects business is part of our non-subsidy vertical, not our subsidy vertical. I just want 
to make sure that, that is clear. Now, having made that clear, like I said before, M&M has certain 

 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
November 20, 2025 
 
definition of what a calibrated business looks like in terms of revenue, in terms of profit, in terms of 
working capital. And the subsidy business has a certain dynamic. So, it is possible for you to grow 
aggressively in the subsidy business and grow your top line aggressively, but it has a significant 
impact on your working capital. It does not matter how it is funded. The fact is it will have a 
significant impact on your working capital exposure. And therefore, we as Mahindra EPC being part 
of M&M group, we got to think of how we want to grow this business and have the right kind of 
balance. Different companies have different ways of growing. So, for M&M, we need the right 
balance between margins and top line and our risk appetite. So, I would say that your sense of 
ambition is very well received. And indeed, we also want to grow aggressively. But we would 
obviously be very mindful of how M&M looks at the process of growing. 
Rajan Shah: 
Okay. Fine, sir. Sir, I had a few small questions actually. What is the business we did in UP and how 
much benefit we got because of M&M in the exports market, so, if you can give some idea on that? 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
Yes, sure. So, I will start with the second question first. So, we have got a very big tractor business 
as you know, and they have a strong presence in many parts of the world, in Africa, for example. 
And a lot of the opportunities that we receive in terms of export are through the existing relationships 
that our tractor team has, both with end customers as well as with the trade. So, for us, it is an easy 
way of getting in front of a customer in a continent like Africa. So, that is how we leverage the 
synergy. We work with the M&M international team to identify opportunities and those help us fill 
our pipeline. In UP, our revenues are now in double-digits and we expect them to grow further. We 
would obviously want our foundation to be well established before we go aggressively in the new 
states. Like we said, we learn from the past and we want to grow our business in a manner that is 
shock-proofed. So, in a subsidy-driven industry, that is the best way to do it, rather than going too 
aggressive too quickly. 
Rajan Shah: 
Okay, okay. And, sir, this 1 million hectare, which the industry did last year, what do you expect in 
the next three, four years -- can we touch 2 million hectares, is it possible? 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
Yes, I mean, I think it is possible because there is a lot of optimism in the industry. When we do 
planning, obviously, we will look at many things before deciding what a realistic growth rate would 
look like for the industry. The intention of the Government of India is very positive. And, as you 
know, the Hon’ble Prime Minister has a very, very ambitious target. If you look at the kind of more 
long-term growth rate, this industry typically is growing between 6-7% type growth rate. If you look 
at the period that I referred to in the investor call, the compounded annual growth rate was 20% a 
year between FY16 and FY20. So, there are many different growth rates that one could assume for 
the future. We would say that there is a good positive momentum right now in the industry. So, we 
are planning for decent growth in the industry. 
Rajan Shah: 
Okay. Thanks, sir. And, sir, my expectation of Rs.325 crores of top line, you think, sir, it can be 
achieved in the current year or is it too aggressive expectation? 

 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
November 20, 2025 
 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
You know Rajan ji, we will always shoot for the stars… and I think that is a great number. So, thank 
you for sharing that number with us. It is a great number to look at. And, we will have to see how the 
rabi season plays out. What we are focused on, as I always mention in my investor calls, we do not 
give forward guidance, but what we are always focused on is growing faster than the industry. And 
that is what we really want to do and we will keep working on. 
Rajan Shah: 
Fine, sir. Thank you so much and all the best, sir. 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
My Pleasure. Thank you, Rajan ji. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Agastya Dave from CAO. Please go ahead. 
Agastya Dave: 
My compliments to the previous participants. They asked some very nice questions. The concall has 
been pretty, pretty useful. And thank you to the management as well for answering them in detail. It 
is very nice to see such a level of discourse. Sir, just one question. You mentioned in your opening 
remarks that you are also looking at exports opportunities. So, if you can elaborate a bit more on that, 
and how do you see export markets developing over the next three to four years? 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
Yes, thank you for the question. So, we are definitely going to look at exports as a potential revenue 
stream for the company, which diversifies us and furthers this point that you have been hearing about 
on growing our non-subsidy share of the total revenue. The way exports works is basically we would 
look at the countries where the nature of farming is somewhat similar to what it is in India and 
therefore the products that we have can be suitable for those markets. And for example, if you look 
at Africa, we have got certain zones in the world where this makes sense. Africa is really where we 
have looked at in the first phase, and we have just about started. So, we think there is a lot more that 
can be done there. Like I said, in terms of how we look at winning business, we do work closely with 
our international business of the tractor division, who are well-established in many parts of the world, 
and who have good on-ground presence. So, that is our way of efficiently tapping opportunities. And 
then when we get to a certain point, then we do the closing and the execution of the deals. So, in all 
honesty, it is something that we have only scratched the surface off in the past, and we would like to 
do that more seriously going forward. 
Agastya Dave: 
So, what is the mechanism of sales in let us say, the African market, is it again government-driven 
or is it more private sector-driven? And I am pretty sure Mahindra has a very nice distribution channel 
already in place in these countries. So, what prevents you or what has prevented you in the past from 
really going aggressively there, because the Indian market has its challenges, as you have been 
saying? So, these are the two questions from my side, and then I am done. 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
Yes. So, I will just answer that. And I think after this, we will take one more question because we are 
already over time and then we will call the investor call to a close. So, it is all a question of priorities. 
There is obviously a lot of potential in India, and you have heard all the other questioners asking 
about the potential in India and how we go after it and so on, and you heard my investor call as well 

 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
November 20, 2025 
 
in terms of us being a water-scarce country. So, it is a question of resources, priorities, and we have 
got to find the right balance for us as a company. So, exports will always be interesting. It comes 
with its own set of challenges. And hence I mentioned, it is easiest for us when the product market 
fit is already there and it does not have to take too much effort to create that product market fit 
because then it will take away from the focus that we can bring in our home market, which is India. 
So, I think it is about finding the right balance, but needless to say, we will be going after it in the 
coming few years with more effort. 
Agastya Dave: 
And sir on the mechanisms, Africa is again a government-driven market, or is it more private? 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
It has got a bit of both. So, it is not easily classified in that sense. It has got a bit of both and we go 
for both types of opportunities. 
Agastya Dave: 
Thank you very much, sir. All the best for the rest of the year. Thank you. 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
My pleasure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ramesh Ramachandran for closing 
comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ramesh Ramachandran: 
Thank you very much. We had an excellent set of questions there and we look forward to staying 
engaged with all of you, speak to you soon in our next investor call. Have a good afternoon. Bye-
bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the Management. On behalf of Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited, that 
concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
