15th November, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C/1, G Block, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai 400051. 
BSE Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, Rotunda 
Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai- 400001. 
Symbol: BALRAMCHIN 
Scrip Code: 500038 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call held on 12th November, 2025.  
 
The same is also uploaded on Company’s website at the following web page: 
 
 https://chini.com/investors/concall-transcript/ 
 
 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully 
For Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
 
 
Manoj Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: A/a 
MANOJ 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ AGARWAL 
Date: 2025.11.15 
17:21:02 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
 
Q2 and H1 FY26 Results Conference Call 
November 12, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Balrampur Chini Mills Limited Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Jenny Rose from CDR India. Thank you and over to 
you. 
Jenny Rose: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Balrampur Chini Mills Q2 and H1 
FY26 Results Conference Call. We have with us today Mr. Vivek Saraogi, Chairman and 
Managing Director, and Mr. Pramod Patwari, Chief Financial Officer of the Company.  
We would now like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will have the forum open for the question-and-answer session. 
 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call may be 
forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the results 
presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Saraogi to make his opening remarks.  
Vivek Saraogi: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you all for joining us on Balrampur Chini Mills Q2 and 
H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. I trust all of you have had the opportunity to go through 
the results presentation, providing details of the operation and financial performance. I will 
initiate the call with an update on the current developments in the sugar sector, followed by a 
company's key highlights for the period under review. 
 
Production is expected to rise to about 34.5 million tonnes, this is pre-diversion. After 
diversion of 3.5 million tonnes for ethanol, net production is expected to be about 31 million 
tonnes. The total sugarcane area stands at 57.35 lakh hectares, slightly higher than last 
year. Maharashtra is set to lead the output, rising 39% to 13 million tonnes, driven by strong 
monsoon rains and a 6% increase in acreage. U.P. is expected to produce 10.3 million 
tonnes, maintaining stability despite a 3% decline in area, and Karnataka is expected to post 
a rise of 16% to 6.4 million tonnes. 
 
Domestic sugar consumption is expected to be 28.5 million tonnes. The opening stock on 
October 1, 2025, is estimated at about 5 million tonnes. After adding 31 million tonnes of 

 
Page 2 of 10 
 
production and deducting 28.5 million tonnes for domestic consumption, and accounting for 
exports, the closing stock is expected to be around 6 million tonnes. The Government has 
allowed exports of 1.5 million tonnes for the sugar season 2025-26. We welcome this move 
as it should provide some relief to the market and support domestic price stability.  
The U.P. Government has recently announced INR 30 increase per quintal in SAP for the 
2025-26 season, which will take the SAP to INR 400 per quintal for the early maturing 
variety. In this background, an improvement in domestic sugar realization becomes critical to 
offset the rise in cane costs and sustain industry profitability.  
Coming to the ethanol situation, reduced diversion from sugarcane feedstock is expected to 
add to the sugar surplus. We were expecting probably a little higher exports allotment for the 
sugar industry in general. For 2025-26 Ethanol Supply Year, approvals from sugar sources 
for the sugar sector stand at 289 crore litres, accounting for only 28% of the total 
requirement, with the balance 72% expected from grain-based feedstocks such as maize 
and rice. This shift could leave part of industry's ethanol capacity underutilized. While the 
recent export permission should help, it is equally important that the ethanol prices under 
Juice and B-heavy routes are revised upward in a timely manner. Such a step will be 
essential to offset the increase in cane costs and maintain the viability of the sugar mills, 
especially in light of the significant rise in sugarcane FRP and SAP, for the millers to pay 
farmers on time.  
Moving on to the company's performance, we have delivered a healthy performance in a 
seasonally weak quarter, marked by improvement in both volumes and realizations. The 
overall performance was supported by upward revision in power tariffs, which contributed 
positively to the profitability. 
 
We continue to make steady progress on our PLA project, which remains a key element of 
our forward integration and value addition strategy. Construction activities are advancing 
well. We have also commenced market development through trading of imported PLA. As of 
31st October 2025, investments of INR 1,093 crore have been made towards the project, out 
of which INR 570 crore has been funded through debt and the balance from internal 
accruals.  
I am pleased to share that the Board of Directors has declared an interim dividend of INR 
3.50 per equity share, amounting to a total payout of INR 70.7 crore, this is including taxes. 
As we move forward, BCML remains committed to deliver and create sustainable value. The 
PLA project marks a significant milestone in our growth journey, diversifying our product 
portfolio and offering eco-friendly alternatives to conventional plastics, in alignment with 
Government's sustainability objectives. With a disciplined approach to investment and a 
strong focus on operational excellence, we aim to strengthen our growth trajectory and 
continue to create long-term value for our shareholders.   
Thank you. Pramod over to you. 

 
Page 3 of 10 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. I hope all of you had the opportunity to go through 
our detailed results presentation that has been shared with you. So, I would request the 
moderator to open the forum for Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take our 
first question from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Capital.  
Prashant Biyani: 
Mr. Saraogi, in case there is no change in ethanol price, at current price of SAP, how much 
would you want to divert to ethanol and for which categories of feedstock? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, what we are doing is, we have taken an internal call. Pramod, you would like to answer 
that. 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, maybe around 10% of our cane crush would go towards Juice route and maybe 25% 
towards the C-heavy route and the balance towards B-heavy. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Balance towards B-heavy?  
Pramod Patwari: 
Yes.  
Prashant Biyani: 
Right. And sir, has there been any communication from the Government? I mean, feeler not 
a formal communication that they are evaluating any increase in ethanol price? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes, what I will do is, I will just give a general overview. Do you have any other questions 
from you? 
Prashant Biyani: 
Yes, just one more question. Sir, post announcement of 1.5 million tonnes of export, has 
there been any surge in sugar prices in the last 2-3 days? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, what I will do is, I will begin with UP Government. There has been INR 30 per quintal 
rise in the SAP. So, if we see FRP, FRP has gone up 16% in the last 3 years and this is UP 
government's first rise. Last year was Nil. So, there has been INR 30 per quintal rise after a 
gap of 1 year and the Government is fully aware that, you know, this INR 30 per quintal rise 
is a little steep and probably INR 20 per quintal was what everyone was expecting. So, the 
informal feeling is that, you know, INR 30 per quintal was meant for 2 years and maybe next 
year. So, one simple comment is that nobody should extrapolate that this can lead to 
another gigantic rise next year. Next, we are in dialogue, and as you said, this is not a 
statement of knowledge but a statement of our dialogure with the Government - both 
increase in country liquor price of ethanol, reduction in country liquor percentage, transport 
out-center cane rebate and some other reliefs by the Government. So, we are hoping to get 
a relief package so as to say from the UP Government, we are hopeful on that front is the 
best I can say. So, these are the 4 agendas realizing with the U.P. Government. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, with elections coming up in around February 2027, would they want a reduction in 
country liquor quantum? 

 
Page 4 of 10 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, the country liquor quantum reduction from our sector does not mean country liquor going 
down. There are other avenues from where they can fill up. There is grain, there is, probably 
Khandsari and plus technically what they are doing, they are taking excess and storing it. 
There are lot of closing stock based on the previous allotments which they picked up from 
us. It does not mean there is going to be a reduction in the total volume of country liquor 
sold. So, we are lobbying on these 3 fronts which can, overall put together give a decent 
relief is our meaning. And as I very clearly have mentioned that to extrapolate this kind of a 
rise in future, one should not think on those lines.  
Now, back to the Central Government. Export has been announced and if you see the 
export and with the currency and maybe with some premium and maybe just a marginal rise 
in the global prices. I personally feel export should happen and if you followed my remarks 
on the opening remarks, it says the entire rise is prominently only Maharashtra and 
Karnataka. That is where the entire rise is. They will be saddled with stocks. And hence, it 
makes logical and numerical common sense for them to export. They will be saving huge 
amount of interest. And if you see in the last few days, farmer agitation, etc., both the CMs of 
Maharashtra and Karnataka have very heavily lobbied with the Central Government. Which 
brings me to my next point is we are very hopeful in the ethanol price rise. Quantum, etc., is 
not known. But yes, as I said, our dialogue with the Central Government is that with this kind 
of environment, exports are barely going to happen - that is what we are telling to them. We 
are very, very hopeful of a rise in ethanol price. At some point, even I think the MSP 
dialogue may give some results there. So, one is UP Government, I have told you, one is 
Central Government. So, together with both these sort of understanding, relief, package, 
whatever you want to call it, correction of what they should have done earlier, etc., the fall of, 
INR 30 per quintal should not be as hard as people expected.  
Thirdly, on our company front, based on the weather, based on the cane allotment, based on 
our internal calculations, we are hoping for a 7%-8% increase in cane crushing for 
Balrampur. That will improve our fixed cost. Also, we are hoping for an improvement in 
recovery based on the weather conditions. So, all put together, UP Government, Central 
Government, Balrampur's own crushing quantum, Balrampur's own recovery expectation, 
we are feeling that the worst may be behind us with this INR 30 per quintal announcement. 
However, a little more evidence to everything I have mentioned may be sort of available in a 
month. I think in one month we will have a lot more clarity on all the three factors I have 
mentioned. So, I have covered the UP Government, I have covered the Central 
Government, I have covered the company's own expectation on crushing and recovery. So, 
this I thought will come up from various ends. So, I thought it was sort of my duty to clearly 
spell it out. 
Prashant Biyani: 
And sir, just lastly one thing. Whatever dues the industry or any mills pay to the farmers for 
the cane that we crush, what is the split, how much do we pay upfront and in subsequent 
installments? 
Pramod Patwari: 
In UP, everything is paid upfront. We have to pay in single installment. 

 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking.  
Shailesh Kanani: 
Sir, just one question from my side. I think on the sugar front you have highlighted. Can you 
share some volume guidance for ethanol for this season? 
Pramod Patwari: 
For the ethanol year 2025-26, we are expecting around 28-odd crore liters of ethanol 
including ENA. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
And just a route wise breakup as well in that? 
Pramod Patwari: 
Maybe around 9 crore liters from Juice, 12 crore liters from B-heavy, 3+ crore liters odd from 
maize, 3.5 crore liters country liquor and maybe about 1 crore liter C-Heavy. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
So, just one more qualitative question. Regarding the PLA initiative, although it is still in early 
stage, but we have already commenced market supply, right? So, what are the initial 
takeaways or insights from these interactions what we are having with the clients? Do they 
align or differ from our original assumptions on product development? And any qualitative 
observations you would like to share, which can be useful to us to understand this further? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Okay, thank you. So, I will try and deal with that. Avantika would have dealt with it better, but 
she is in Delhi for PLA related meetings. So, let us understand what the roadmap of this is. 
So, current consumption, now maybe 30,000 tonnes-40,000 tonnes per year, based on the 
sort of import data of PLA compounds. So, our reaction with the customers is everybody 
wants to do it, but they are saying, where is your production? So, that is when we began the 
import. We are dialoguing, etc. So, demand is going to come from two things. 
 
One is direct dialogue with the customers, which is happening. Two is mandate. So, there 
are going to be certain mandates. One is working with the Government, both State and 
Centre. And we are hopeful with the mandate and the dialogue with the customer. 
Personally, I feel we should be very, sort of confident of selling our entire product. Obviously, 
nothing will happen overnight. It is not like sugar that you start a factory, you produce the 
sugar bag, and you dispatch it. It may take a little more time, but it is not ad infinitum into 
years and all that. We are working very hard on both the mandate and customer interface. 
Both with the person who will produce and to whom we will supply. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay, and any initial feedback or it is in line with our assumptions? I know it is very early; we 
have just started it. But any initial feedback on that terms? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
No, we feel confident. And even people are tracking PLA prices and Pramod has given me 
the data, etc. let’s be  clear, we are making it very clear that there must be some parity. So, 
let's say today India's cane price is higher than a Brazilian cane price by miles or by a 
Thailand cane price or you know, let's say China. So, there must be a level playing ground 
via MIP or QCO or whatever anti-dumping, etc. We are hopeful on all fronts. So, the 
Government is looking to come out with a comprehensive and we are dialoguing with them 
on a policy for this bioplastic as a sector, which will cover everything. 

 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Manyal from DAM Capital.  
Sanjay Manyal: 
What I understand broadly that there is an industry wide ethanol capacity of 1,900 to 2,000 
crore litres and now total demand including the ENA and rectified spirit should not be more 
than 1,500 crore litres. So is it good to say that the industry will not go beyond 70%, 75% of 
the utilization level and some players might be lower than this and some might be higher 
than this and given the fact that we are not getting ethanol price like at least from last two 
years and there is no visibility even for the current year. What kind of normative EBITDA per 
liter margins can we achieve with the entire sugarcane sort of feedstock? 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, Sanjay I think 1,800 crore litres is the overall capacity in my mind. And in any case, it is 
not possible to operate the capacities as 100%. There are some periods on which the plant 
needs to be shut down for normal upkeep, repairs, and maintenance. Even if you assume 
that 80% is the effective capacity utilization, that means around 1,400 crore litres, 1,450 odd 
crore litres of production capacity. So, that is currently taking care of the ethanol requirement 
as well as the other segment requirement. On the other part of your question regarding the 
profitability, we have always said that it needs to be evaluated at a corporate level because 
transfer pricing can change. So, it will not be possible for us to give product-wise margins in 
the distillery. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Let me explain. The problem is in the grain side. So, if mills have not got full order, like what 
we bid, we have got our entire capacity order; we are full. What we did not get is our maize. 
So, I am just clarifying. We bid for, let us say, 5 crore maize, we got 3 crore. So, maize has 
been underutilized, maize has got 60%. So, maize gang has been deprived by 40%. That 
side of the capacity is overburdened, and that is the excess part. Where millers in sugar did 
not get the order, probably is they did not bid for Q3, Q4. And there may be a second tender 
coming, whereby I am hoping some more orders should come to the sugar sector. 
Balrampur is full, two others maybe. So, that may help some further diversion down the line. 
And we are dialoguing, and that is the point I think you were making, that sugar sector 
should have some reservation. So, if Government used to take 1,050 crore a year, and the 
E22 mandate takes a couple of years to come, in the interim 450 crore, which is at least 
45% to 50%, should be allotted to the sugar sector and should be a kind of half-half split 
between the two sectors. Because this sector, see, if diversion was higher, probably you 
would not have needed exports. If you did not need exports, you are not sort of uneasy as to 
what will happen to the surplus. There would be no surplus. So, with the farmer agitation and 
with the reality on the ground, I think Government is slowly understanding this. Thereby, I 
remain hopeful of, one, some revision in ethanol price. My word is I remain hopeful. And two 
is we also remain hopeful of going ahead in times to come, getting a much larger portion of 
the pie for the sugar side. Clear. Have I explained myself well?  
Sanjay Manyal: 
Yes, sir. That is quite helpful, actually. And I have a last question on the PLA front. So, I 
think you mentioned that you have started importing some quantities. But what is the 
response from the customers or clients? I am sure it is still one year ahead, but have we 
been able to sort of confirm some sort of orders once our capacity is on stream or have, we 

 
Page 7 of 10 
 
got the visibility that this capacity will be utilized to the optimum level once we are on 
stream? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, we are in a trial stage with a lot of customers whereby they have given, let us say, a yes. 
They want to now do a trial of the product. There are some trials required at their end also 
for them too, to give visibility of a large quantity or a meaningful application, let us say. So, 
we are doing trials with various people, including, let us say, you know, even Government 
bodies. So, I will wait for Avantika, and I will wait for a little more visibility. So, what I would 
like to say is, (A), we do not look at this on a quarter-to-quarter basis. (B), we see the 
mandates coming. We see the macro improving. And thereafter, we can be reasonably sure 
we will sell, which we are, which we are very confident. So, let us say, mandate and let us 
say large buyers. We are dialoguing with both the meaningful side and even small buyers. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Right, sir. And if I may just squeeze in one, if you can just give a regular update on what kind 
of, because I think crushing must have started at least with a few mills in Eastern UP as well. 
So, if it is possible to give an update, what kind of recovery and crushing numbers we are 
expecting? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, Sanjay, I did mention we are expecting a 7% to 8% increase in Balrampur's crushing, 
quantum-wise, which will be helpful for everything, for both power, sugar, and ethanol 
business. And East UP has not yet begun. Yesterday, we began our first factory in the 
evening. So, give it a little more time, but one definitely expects an improvement in recovery. 
Definitely. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Awasthi from InCred Research.  
Nitin Awasthi: 
Just wanted to understand something on the dynamics of the politics which is going on right 
now. You alluded to the fact that Indian sugarcane prices are miles ahead, and which is a 
fact, not only for sugarcane, but for some other crops also, that we are completely broken 
from the international market, and what you call sugarcane or other feedstocks have gone 
haywire because of Government interventions. And I do not see Government having the 
capability of reducing the prices going ahead. So, there has to be steps taken to increase 
the profitability without dropping the prices. One such step which seems possible is that the 
UPML route, which is the UP made liquor route, being pushed by the UP Government so 
that the sugar mills can hold on to their molasses. One, do you think that is something which 
can happen? Number two, if that happens or does not happen, apart from that, with the 
current rate of SAP at INR 400 per quintal, your production cost of sugar as a product would 
be close to INR 39 per kg? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Pramod, you can take the cost question. First, I will take the thing. So, you are talking of 
deregulation from the country liquor sector for sugar mills. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Yes, because sugar mills have to be profitable. 

 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
I do understand the question. So, as I said in the opening remarks of mine, there will be 
some reduction, hopeful again, because, you know, in the percentage and some 
improvement in the price. And I am very hopeful that down the line, something, a large 
portion of what you have been alluding to, things may move in that direction. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood, sir. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
See, understand, our Chief Minister is a man whose ear and legs are on the ground. There 
is nobody who understands the ground reality better than him. We have dialogued with him. 
We are hopeful things should play out in a much better fashion. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood. 
Pramod Patwari: 
And on the cost front, last year, our cost of production of sugar was INR 35.5 per kg. This 
year, we are expecting a better cane availability, which will reduce the fixed overhead cost 
incidence. We are expecting a better recovery also, which will again have a positive impact 
on the cost of production. In spite of the cane cost going up, obviously there will be some 
increase in the cost of production of sugar, but it will again depend upon the transfer prices. 
So, we are in the process of evaluating the transfer prices as well. We will come to know 
only once we take a final call on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krishan Parwani from JM Financial.  
Krishan Parwani: 
Couple of questions. Firstly, on the PLA business. So, when is your internal estimate of EBIT 
level breakeven for the plant? 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, we are expecting commercial production to commence in October. So, I really do not 
know. This being the new product for us, whether it will take one month or two months to get 
the stabilization. Let us assume, we get a full three months of our machineries running at full 
capacity. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, it is tough for now. It will take a little more time, but not much. 
Pramod Patwari: 
We are not expecting any loss in the first year also. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Okay. So, you know, we are working on the product side so that whatever is made is sold. 
Krishan Parwani: 
So, my point was like, because of INR 2,800 crore kind of a gross block, our depreciation at 
a 5%, 6% depreciation rate could be in the range of INR 150 odd crore or so. So, when I 
meant by EBIT level breakeven as in like EBITDA of 150-150 getting offset with the 
depreciation. So, EBIT level breakeven. That way I was trying to understand when is it that 
your EBITDA will be higher than your depreciation? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
These three, four months from my view is we should forget. In terms of forget means we 
hope to reach 100% of the capacity, make an absolutely world-class quality and make our 
market. So, I think two, three, four months will go in that. And if we look at a product like this, 

 
Page 9 of 10 
 
I don’t think it will take much time. Even globally, it has taken less time. But having said that, 
let us say from March 2027 onwards, I think we should fly. These are my personal views, 
since you asked for them. And as we always say—or as I always say—this is something 
new for us, but it is not without research, not without global precedent, and not without 
understanding. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Understood, sir. That is very helpful. Thank you for that. Secondly, on the traditional 
business, just a couple of kind of points and apologies if you have already answered since I 
joined the company a little bit late. So, on this quarter, we had a sharp jump in the grain-
based ethanol. So, will we see this trend continuing given the grain-based pricing is higher, 
but I think the margins are lower? So, how will the trend be? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, see, there will be much better profitability on the grain side.  
Pramod Patwari: 
So, in the ethanol year gone by, we did around 4 crore litres of ethanol out of maize. In the 
coming season, we got only 3.15 crore litres including 40% allocation of rice. So, rice will 
definitely have a lower margin than the margin in maize. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
But the margin in maize per liter will be higher than that.  
Krishan Parwani: 
Okay.  
Vivek Saraogi: 
But if you take your fixed cost, obviously. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Yes, understood. And the last bit on the sugar exports. So, do you expect a meaningful jump 
for you in particular because I think last year the allowance was higher, but the actual 
exports were lower. So, do you think this sugar season that we will, as a country, first will 
reach 2 million tonnes of export? If not at a country level, you would not have an idea but 
probably at your company level, what do you expect there? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, obviously we will not be exporting. As I said in the beginning, the jump in production is 
Maharashtra and Karnataka. So, I am personally of the view, and we have the view that they 
will definitely export. So, give it some more time and I think export will happen. 
Pramod Patwari: 
And this year we will get a longer period to export. Last year's announcement was in 
January, in fact third week of January. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, this is before you begin production, you got the announcement. So, things will play out. 
And see, I always believe to improve like 280 lakh tonnes, 15 lakh tonnes is what 6%. So, to 
improve 94% of your life, if one has to do a little bit on the 6%, go do it. That theory plus the 
saving on account of interest. These two factors being the underlying emotions, I think 
exports would happen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I now hand over the 
call to the management team for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Thank you once again and we will always be there if somebody has more questions and 
next three months should give a lot of clarity on all the questions and the thoughts.  
Pramod Patwari: 
Thank you, everyone. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
