 
 
 
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in 
  www.sapphirefoods.in 
 702, Prism Tower, A-Wing, Mindspace, Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai- 400062 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005 
Date: 27th October 2025 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: SAPPHIRE 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001  
 
Scrip Code: 543397 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript – Q2 FY26 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of earnings call held on Friday, 
17th October 2025, in relation to the financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year 
ended 30th September 2025. 
 
The said Earnings Call Transcript is also available at the website of the Company 
(https://www.sapphirefoods.in/investors-relation/financials) under FY 2025-26 Quarter 2 
section. 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
 
Sachin Dudam 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
SACHIN 
TUKARAM 
DUDAM
Digitally signed by 
SACHIN TUKARAM 
DUDAM 
Date: 2025.10.27 
15:44:10 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Sapphire Foods India Limited Q2FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY PUROHIT – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, SAPPHIRE FOODS 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VIJAY JAIN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. KAUSHIK VANKADKAR – HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA LIMITED 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Sapphire Foods India Limited Q2 FY26 
Earnings Call. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Purohit. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to the Q2 FY26 Financial Performance Presentation.  
Our quarter has been a reasonable quarter for us and the reason why I say reasonable is one, 
KFC revenue grew by 7%. But if I exclude the impact of Navratri, Navratri was entirely in this 
quarter this year, whereas last year, it was in Quarter 3. And therefore, if on a like for like basis, 
actually we would have grown double digit even in this quarter.  
Pizza Hut revenue declined by 6%. However, importantly in Tamil Nadu, which is a Sapphire 
exclusive territory, we grew double digit revenue. I think it just proves the Pizza Hut, Sapphire 
strategy and offers a clear hypothesis for why this brand can grow or why and how this brand 
can grow. Finally, Sri Lanka grew handsomely by 18% in LKR terms, owing to the continued 
investment that we did in brand innovation, marketing value, really the tenets of the strategy we 
would like to execute in India and we retained the #1 QSR position in the country. We delivered 
a revenue of 740 crores, overall growth of 7% year-on-year. SSSG trends for both KFC and 
Pizza Hut this quarter remain similar as previous quarter, except as I said, the impact of KFC 
due to the shift of Navratri days from Quarter 3 to Quarter 2. In Quarter 2, we added 19 KFC 
restaurants, 2 Pizza Huts in India, 1 Pizza Hut and 1 Taco Bell in Sri Lanka.  
Our total restaurant count of 997 as on 30th September and with immense pride, we inaugurated 
the 1000th Sapphire restaurant yesterday at Gummidipoondi in Tamil Nadu and this is a KFC 
restaurant. Our consolidated restaurant EBITDA declined by 12% year-on-year. Margin was 
11.3%, down 240 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA was 45 crores, declined 24% year-on-year. 
This also has the Navratri impact and excluding Navratri, our performance on adjusted EBITDA 
was better, negative over last year, but still better from a trend perspective versus Quarter 1. Our 
adjusted EBITDA margin was 6.1%. Consol EBITDA at 106.2 crores or 14.3%, declined 8% 
year-on-year or 230 basis points. Consolidated PAT was loss at 12.8 crores, (1.7%) and adjusted 
PAT, however, was (3.6) crores or (0.5%).  
Let us now look at the KFC highlights: 
I want to take you through to page #20. Our KFC brand priorities are fairly consistent. We want 
to drive penetration and frequency for the KFC brand. This quarter, our major marketing spends 
were behind the ‘Taste the Epic’ campaign to popularize our core buckets. We offered 9 pieces 
for INR 299. The promotion and the value campaign did offer some green shoots from a 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
transaction perspective. While KFC was (3%) SSSG for the quarter, up to Navratri we were flat 
on SSSG, but positive on transaction. Therefore, we have extended this campaign to Quarter 3 
also but included our 3 hero innovation products of Chizza, Double Down and the Gold Burger. 
Much of our advertising on value was behind 9 for 299. We rolled out digital kiosks across 50% 
of our estate and our own delivery through the KFC app continues to be the best performing 
channel. Our current pace of expansion should be in the region of 60 to 80 stores a year. From 
an operational excellence perspective, we are now above 4 rating across Swiggy, Zomato and 
Google. 
I will hand it over to Vijay for the financial numbers. 
Vijay Jain: 
I am on Slide #25, which gives channel wise contribution. Dine-in and takeaway for the quarter 
came at 55%, delivery at 45%. This delivery improved by 300 bps over last year. One of the key 
reasons was the way our own channel through our own app has performed. It has actually grown 
very healthy over the last 2 quarters or so. So that's one of the reasons as well. In terms of SSSG, 
it was flat ex-Navratri backed by low single digit in terms of SSTG, same store transaction 
growth. Overall revenue grew by 10% ex-Navratri for the brand. And we had 19 store additions 
during the quarter.  
Gross margin while it dropped 110 bps vis-a-vis last year. This is in similar line as Quarter 1. 
The reason we dropped on gross margin vis-a-vis last year was as mentioned previously as well, 
that we continue to invest behind the value offers, namely the ‘Epic Saver’ campaign. The 
restaurant EBITDA came at 13.8%, which was impacted by the negative SSSG on account of 
that Navratri impact, the higher delivery mix and lower gross margin.  
Slide #28 shows four year and five quarter trend. We continue to build on the transaction gains 
which we had in Quarter 1. And thereby we have further bolstered our ‘Epic Saver’ campaign 
in Quarter 3, as Sanjay mentioned by adding 3 more hero products. And we are confident that in 
Quarter 3, we should be able to deliver slightly better on the SSSG terms. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Let us look at Pizza Hut. I will take you to Slide #30. While the brand declined revenue by 6%, 
our Tamil Nadu results prove that the Sapphire dine-in forward omni-channel customer promise 
with sustained investment in innovation and mass media can definitely revive the Pizza Hut 
brand. Apart from all the work that we do at the operational end, our innovation pipeline 
continued to be strong. You will remember we launched the Juicylicious range in Quarter 1 and 
Quarter 2. And in this quarter, in October, we have launched the Ultimate Cheese Pizza and the 
Cheesy Pocket, which emphasizes or which looks at satisfying the customer need for additional 
cheese. It's a great product and I invite all of you all to try it. We have also launched the Cold 
Coffee range and it's in about 80% of our stores now.  
Apart from innovation, we also focused on dine-in value. And you will see in Pizza Hut, our 
dine-in contribution actually improved versus last year. Exclusive value offerings like Buy 1 Get 
3, 4 course meals starting @99 and Unlimited Pizza Fridays helped ensure that dine-in SSSG 
was better than delivery. And finally, in Tamil Nadu, both Sapphire and Yum! continue to invest 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
in mass media advertising. And we saw a mid-teens delta in performance between compared to 
the rest of the country, both SSSG as well as SG.  
On the next page, you can see the Ultimate Cheese product is being marketed as flip to the 
cheese. So, eat it ‘ulta’ starting from the crust, very interesting product. And then the Cold Coffee 
Cheesy Pockets, Juicylicious. On Slide #33, you will see a picture of food truck that we have 
just launched in Mumbai also to take care of congregation points that have started well and we 
will see how to scale it up later. Over to Vijay for the numbers. 
Vijay Jain: 
Slide #35 gives channel wise contribution on Pizza Hut. Dine-in and takeaway versus delivery 
mix came at 50-50. As you can see, the dine-in plus takeaway mix improved the several 
promotions which Sanjay spoke about actually helped us gain dine-in share vis-à-vis delivery.  
Overall, Pizza Hut had negative SSSG and brand declined by 6%. While Tamil Nadu Sapphire 
exclusive territory had mid-teens delta in performance. Gross margin came at 74.4%, which is 
similar to Quarter 1. And as the case was in KFC, here too, we continue to invest significantly 
behind the value offers to try and drive the transactions. Whether it is Juicylicious, Unlimited 
Pizza Friday, Buy 1 Get 3, these are some of the examples on which we had investment through 
gross margins. Restaurant EBITDA came at 1.8%. If I exclude the additional marketing 
investments, which is over and above the Yum! agreements, the brand is at a breakeven level. 
Slide #38 gives 4-year and 5-quarter trend. And as mentioned by Sanjay, we have got the recipe 
to unlock the potential of the brand as proven and reflected in Tamil Nadu performance. We are 
sure that we should be able to replicate this model sometime in the near future, pan-India. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Let us now look at the Sri Lanka business, which again, if I were to remind you, is what is 
replicated in TN and clearly works. Our business has grown their double-digit SSSG and SSTG. 
2 years ago, after the country went through a very significant economic crisis, at that point in 
time, we remained calm, we continued to invest in our people and in offering value to consumers. 
We are seeing the benefits of that coming back and reflecting in our growth on both same-store 
sales growth as well as system revenue. And because we have largely mitigated the Quarter 1 
impact of the employee minimum wage increase, our restaurant EBITDA also has come quite 
strong. And Vijay will take us through the numbers.  
Vijay Jain: 
Slide #43, channel-wise has remained steady in Sri Lanka year-on-year. The SSSG came at 14% 
in LKR terms and while overall revenue grew at 18% in LKR terms. When converted to Indian 
rupees, the revenue grew at 23%. The gross margin improved by 220 bps year-on-year on 
account of a couple of things. First, we took a 4%-5% price increase in Quarter 2. Also, there 
was some reduction in our promotional offers which helped us improve our margins by 220 bps. 
Restaurant EBITDA came in at 15.4% and if you guys would remember, Quarter 1 it was 12.7% 
and it was impacted by—as Sanjay mentioned—the minimum wage increase which came in 
somewhere in May but retrospectively from April, which we were not able to mitigate during 
the previous quarter but we were confident that we should be able to mitigate and that is reflected 
in our performance which came at really healthy number at 15.4% for restaurant EBITDA. 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
The Slide #44 is 4 year and 5-quarter trend. Sri Lanka is now delivering consistently and 
delivering strong performance. This is the same dine-in forward omni-channel format we are 
now trying to replicate in India, the hypothesis of which has already been now proven in Tamil 
Nadu. Hopefully, we should be able to replicate this across other states as well for Pizza Hut 
India.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
So that is it from us. I just want to repeat our messages. We think it was a reasonable quarter. 
KFC growing at double-digit excluding Navratri. There is a clear way forward for the Pizza Hut 
brand basis our experience in Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka and Sri Lanka after a really big blow 
to the business 2 years ago, has recovered and recovered really fast and continues to be the #1 
QSR brand in the country. Along with all the work that we are doing, the macro trends also seem 
positive. GST reduction should put further money into consumer wallets as indeed has the 
income tax reduction. So, we are hoping that as we get into the Quarter 3 and into calendar year 
2026, we should see consumer sentiment improving. I will now hand it over to you all for 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on their touchtone telephone, if you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. In order to ensure that the management will be able to address 
question from all the participants in the conference, kindly limit your questions to 2, per 
participant. Should you have a follow up question, please rejoin the queue. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is 
from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
Hi Sir, I have 3 questions and with your permission, I will just put them out up front. First, your 
comment on Q3, any signs of recovery as the festivities kick in? And would love your thoughts 
on whether you believe how we did in Sri Lanka. So, something like that, levers are in place to 
be able to at worst maintain margins at current levels, even if demand environment takes time to 
recover. So that was my first question. And should I put all the questions up front, how would 
you prefer? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Yes, up front. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay. The second part, sir, I wanted to understand is now we have seen 2 quarters of stronger 
performance in Tamil Nadu market, you know, given and it is clearly the proof is out there. I 
would just like to know what is the process and your thoughts on the timelines for this to flow 
through to other markets. And the last bit was, just wanted to understand, this resignation that 
has come in a nominee director of TR Capital, what triggered it would be useful? That is all from 
my side. Thank you. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Very well. So let me just take it from the back. The resignation, Mr. Rohitt Mutthoo has left TR 
Capital and therefore, being a nominee director backed by TR Capital; therefore, he has to move 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
out of the board of Sapphire Foods also. So, he has resigned from TR Capital. And therefore, he 
has to resign from all his obligations that he used to fulfill for TR Capital. 
Vijay Jain: 
TR Capital is one of the shareholders in Sapphire Mauritius, which is our promoter entity. So, it 
has happened in a regular course and ordinary course. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So that is one. In Q3, we are seeing signs of recovery and really it is 16-17 days. And we are 
overlapping Navratri. So, the numbers look very good at this moment, Avi. But I will just let a 
little more time go. Perhaps at the end of November, we could say that things have started to 
improve. The Sri Lanka and TN case is the same. You are right, there is a clear case on how we 
could grow the Pizza Hut brand. And I think we have ongoing discussions with all relevant 
parties on how we could take this. It does call for additional investments. There is no doubt about 
that. So, apart from the additional investments, I must say that we are aligned on all other aspects 
of the brand journey. However, if we are not going to spend on building awareness and so if we 
are not going to spend money on that, then all our innovation, all the work that we do on value, 
perhaps becomes blind to consumers. So, I think those are ongoing discussions. It might take 
another couple of quarters for us to align. 
Avi Mehta: 
And on the margin front, what the Sri Lanka example meant margins because Sri Lanka, this 
minimum wage increase, you were able to effectively manage it. Do you think a similar situation 
is true for India that even if say, worst case demand does not or takes time to recover, we would 
still should be at least at this margin across the brands? Is that a fair statement to make?  
Sanjay Purohit: 
So, from a KFC perspective, now we have got nearly 2.5 years of flat or negative SSSG. So 
therefore, margins undoubtedly are impacted. If you see Quarter 1 was in the region of 15.5%, 
give or take a bit, Quarter 2 is lower because of lower level of sale. Quarter 3, we should recover 
that drop of Quarter 2. But I think margins will remain in this region which is lower than last 
year. So, what we require now is SSSG to come back to start increasing from these levels 
onwards. From the Pizza Hut perspective, it is again ADS has to improve. Once ADS improves, 
that is the way that margins will also start to improve. 
Avi Mehta: 
Thanks, sir. Very clear. I will come back in the queue for the other questions. Thank you. And 
sir, wish you a Happy Diwali to the team as well.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
Thank you, Avi. Nice of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you for taking my questions and Diwali greetings to the management. Sir my first 
question is towards the negative ways that we are overlapping and the negative SSSG has been 
there for quite some time. So, what do you feel that, is the entire QSR market in that sense 
remains impacted or is it specific to our brands that we have seen this impact? So, some light on 
the overall macro color on the QSR space if you can give? 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So, in general, and this has been consistent with what we have said up till now, we are finding 
that consumer discretionary spends have been constrained. And that has been compounded 
further by a large number of competitors, generally in food. Now, this has been the case over the 
last, I would say 2 years. Nothing has improved from that perspective. I think yet, it is possible 
for large brands to grow and large brands have the greatest ability to really change performance. 
I think in KFC, that is exactly what we are attempting. Perhaps it will take us a couple of quarters 
to really get all our initiatives in place. In Pizza Hut, we know what we could do to drive growth. 
So, if nothing else happens in the macro environment, this is what has caused generally growth 
in the QSR segment at a brand level to be muted. However, on the macro front, we are clearly 
seeing the government taking exceedingly bold steps on GST reduction. Therefore, prices of all 
their food, the household basket should reduce and put money into the consumer's wallet, which 
then should go behind discretionary spend.  
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thanks. And just lastly on the Sri Lanka bit, though we have seen a very handsome gross margin 
expansion, however, at the EBITDA front, still the EBITDA margin has kind of marginally 
declined. So, are there any other expenses that have increased meaningfully that is leading to 
lower translation towards the EBITDA front? 
Vijay Jain: 
In fact, that impact was seen in Quarter 1 itself. So, despite a healthy double-digit SSSG and 
SSTG growth in Sri Lanka in Quarter 1, if you see, we have dropped the margin bps in Quarter 
1. And the drop happened because there was almost a 27% increase in minimum wages in Sri 
Lanka. It happened in May, effective from April, and it left us with a very small amount of time 
to try and mitigate that impact in Quarter 1. This is what we started in Quarter 2 with a 
combination of some restructuring in terms of the salaries, the incentive structures and a price 
increase which we took in July. Hence, the combination of this allowed us to still cross the 15% 
mark. So, this is the impact. Yes, generally, a 14% SSSG should have led to a probably even 
higher restaurant EBITDA. But unfortunately, the increase in minimum wages was too high and 
substantial that some of those benefits were eaten away because of that increase. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
So just to follow up on this, though the performance may remain better in the next coming 2-3 
quarters, however, until this cost kind of annual rises, we could possibly see this impact at least 
between the gross and EBITDA lines. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
In Sri Lanka, yes. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay, sir. Thank you and that is all from me.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Good evening. So just had 3 questions I will ask them upfront. One was on how do you look at 
this continued decline in dine-in shares or dine-in mix because it actually also kind of has a 
margin impact with every 100 basis points cut. So, do you see in any way that we believe we 
can kind of arrest this and keep the shares around that 35%-36% for KFC or do you believe this 
is slightly more structural in nature and you will see a kind of dipping trend? That is my first 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
question. The second one was, in KFC again, should we assume that we are starting off the 
quarter from a base of (+3) because that is where the impact has been. And then depending on 
the market macro, etc. hopefully it moves above that. And third one was on the gross margins in 
KFC and Pizza Hut, given that the focus is on value providing more to the consumer, etc. Our 
first half GM slightly the more normal for you as we look at 67% odd in KFC and 74-74.5% for 
Pizza Hut. Those are my 3 questions. Thank you. 
Vijay Jain: 
So, the continued decline on the dine-in, few reasons to that. So again, when you look at dine-in 
decline, you are looking at the mix. So first of all, there are a few reasons why the delivery mix 
looks significantly better. The first one, our OLO, which is our own channel, our own app 
performance has been really good over the last 1 year. It has grown probably 2X to 3X more 
than what aggregators would have delivered in terms of the growth, our own app. So that is the 
first reason. The second, I think I would have called out previously that our late-night operating 
hours, which are typically the delivery occasions, 11 PM onwards. Those are increased and 
continuously increasing, whether it was 11 to 1 earlier, now some of the stores going up to 2. 
Now even probably 10% to 15% of stores remaining open till 5 AM as well. So that is the second 
where occasionally are getting added, but they are getting added under delivery. So that is the 
second reason of delivery mix going better. The third was more structural post-COVID, a lot of 
our restaurants came in high street. The mall development actually stopped immediately during 
the COVID. And the high street, typically the delivery mix is higher compared to the mall mix. 
So that was the third reason. The fourth, the mall performance itself, dine-in performance in the 
mall itself has been a struggle. The footfalls in the mall have been challenging and mall typically 
is a dine-in portfolio for us. So, these are the 4 reasons where delivery mix has got improved 
vis-à-vis dine-in. Having said that, a lot of steps which we are taking is to try and get the dine-
in footfalls back. The entire ‘Epic Saver’ campaign, which we re-ran and invested a lot of gross 
margin, was entirely on dine-in and takeaway channel. The transaction improvement you are 
seeing, a lot of it has come from a dine-in and takeaway channel. And even as we go forward, 
just like we did in Pizza Hut, most of the campaigns which we ran, Unlimited Pizza Friday, 
whether it is Buy 1 Get 3, the 4 course meal @99, all of these to do dine-in. And I am giving 
you examples of both KFC and Pizza Hut, that how the idea is to focus and get the transactions 
back in dine-in. So that was the first part. The second question was on KFC, if you can just 
repeat on KFC. 
Harit Kapoor: 
The second question was on, we are starting from (+3), should we assume that we start from 
(+3) and forward depending on macro your own initiative? 
Vijay Jain: 
Largely yes, except for a small difference that a 3% on a Quarter 2 base is a smaller base, that 
same 3% on a Diwali and a festive quarter could be 2.5 rather than 3. That is the only small 
change. But yes, one should assume that we are probably starting 2.5% positive as we get into a 
Quarter 3. The third was on the gross margin value and the gross margin percentage, the kind of 
investments which we have done in H1 across both the brands KFC and Pizza Hut. We have 
dropped roughly 100 basis points on KFC or invested 100 basis points on KFC on the ‘Epic 
Saver’ campaign in H1. And we have invested roughly 150 to 170 basis points in Pizza Hut for 
H1 on gross margins. Again, those are Juicylicious campaign, Buy 1 Get 3, Unlimited Pizza 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Friday, currently 4 course meal @99. So yes, this investment will continue. What could change 
is that if the particular promotion and offers are not working, the idea is how quickly we can 
move on to the something next, which is we can try something out. But the investment in the 
gross margins, we expect to remain at this level. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Thank you for answering my question. Wish you all the best. 
Vijay Jain: 
Wish you the same. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Thank you, Harit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kundan from Goldman Sachs. Please 
go ahead. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Thank you, Sanjay and Vijay. I just want to check on gross margins again, while you are 
investing in gross margins and doing innovations in both the formats. In this quarter after the 
GST cut, did you see any decrease in your input prices and has that helped margins a little bit in 
any way now or going forward or was that completely passed on to the consumers? 
Vijay Jain: 
So being a part of a QSR industry, first of all, there is no change for us in terms of the output tax 
rate, which continues to be at 5%. Yes, from our input prices, there is a very small or marginal 
benefit, which we see 0.5% or less. And that we have passed on to the customers, although we 
would not have received the benefit immediately because we carry inventories. But yet, in good 
faith, we have passed on to the customers for both KFC and Pizza Hut. The way we have passed 
across is that rather than now trying to spread this 0.5% or so across all the product lines, it 
would be meaningless for the customers. We have tried to restrict this reduction and not restrict 
in terms of the quantum, but this entire quantum, we have passed across the top 7% to 10% lines, 
so that those 7% to 10% lines see a meaningful reduction, which could be anywhere between 
5% to 10%. This is done starting 22nd September. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
I think the idea there, Saurabh, was the government has done something quite bold and 
imaginative and we have also got to respond to that move and therefore we passed this on. There 
are people within the industry who might have taken it across all products, but then in some 
cases, the impact would have been Rs. 1 or Rs. 2 on a particular product. For us, we said, let the 
consumer see some material change. So actually, on our highest selling products, we took 
material reduction in our pricing 
Vijay Jain: 
And yet kept the overall quantum to that 0.5% or so. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Understood. Makes sense. Just one last question on Pizza Hut side. Assuming that this sort of 
logjam or whatever the situation remains, the status quo remains, the format is not in a position 
to fund any expansion as of now for you. Is it fair to say that you will bear that in mind? 
Vijay Jain: 
You are right. And while we would have chosen a different language than what we use internally, 
internally what we call is the strike rates or for the payback period. So, if the brand is overall in 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
negative or just about breakeven, of course, the new stores would not be giving the desired 
paybacks. And at Sapphire, we have always called out that. Finally, our expansion would be 
guided by the strike rates and the paybacks we get on the new store’s performance. So, while 
KFC, there is still a challenge on SSSG, our new store performance has been pretty healthy and 
reasonable. And hence, we have continued with our expansion journey. On Pizza Hut, yes, there 
has been a struggle. So, we work on a calendar year. Last calendar year, we opened 20 odd 
stores. This year, we are so far negative 1. And yes, unless we see a revival in the brand growth 
in terms of SSSG and growth coming back, we do not see any meaningful additions to the count. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Nice. Thank you. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Thank you, Saurabh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Hi Sanjay, Vijay, festive greetings. Sir, I wanted to check. So sorry for stretching on this. There 
have been multiple questions here. So, I wanted to check, so the 17 days that have happened in 
this quarter. So, is it fair to assume the underlying trend in KFC is still flattish or because of the 
pricing corrections that we have done in light of GST side, there is some pickup in like for like 
comparison for these 17 days?  
Vijay Jain: 
Overall trend is flattish from SSSG point of view. So, Quarter 1 was flat. However, the SSTG 
was positive in Quarter 1 as well, low single digit. Quarter 2, while it is (3), because of the 
Navratri impact, ex-Navratri SSSG is flattish. And SSTG continues to remain again positive low 
single digit. So, the trend is flattish. The SSTG is in definite improvement. We are at least in 
SSSG flattish territory versus what we were at least negative a year ago or so. So that is the 
positive. The price reduction is 0.5% or so again, as we called out spread across few of our hero 
products, 5% to 10%. The Quarter 2 has only seen 8 days or 9 days of impact and that too during 
Navratri. So 22nd is when the GST cuts came into effect. That is when the price reduction came 
into effect and that is when the Navratri started as well. So, I think it is too shorter period to say 
that this reduction has made any meaningful impact from a customer demand perspective or not. 
And again, now when you look at the SSSG last year, this time, the first 10 days of October, the 
first and second week of October, there was Navratri. So, the numbers are not really comparable. 
Let us give it a bit of more time before we comment that the trajectory has changed from flattish 
to positive.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
I understand. So, my question was more since post Navratri 17 days this year and last year. So 
anyways, I get your point. I was just checking on that trend. My second question is on Tamil 
Nadu Pizza Hut performance. You indicated that the trends are in double digit there. I wanted to 
check if this is largely because of same store growth or there is a component of store additions 
in that market as well? 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Sanjay Purohit: 
There were store additions also there. But same store sales growth was about mid-single digit 
and balance through store additions. But it is in line with the rest of the country. 
Vijay Jain: 
And the important part to look over here is the delta vis-à-vis the rest of the brand performance 
and the rest of the country. So that is the mid-teens delta and across all the 3 parameters, whether 
it is SSSG, SSTG or overall revenue growth, the delta is 15% or so or mid-teens level.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
And lastly, a small follow up here. So, from a margin perspective, so is this better SSSG giving 
you the desired operating leverage to offset the additional marketing spend or we still on a YOY 
basis are seeing some dip in Tamil Nadu market? 
Vijay Jain: 
So, the margins are still positive, at least in Tamil Nadu, vis-à-vis the brand showing negative 
performance in terms of the restaurant EBITDA. But whether they are at the desired levels, I 
would say no. And we have called out this entire journey that this additional marketing 
investment, backed by innovation has to be a 2-3 year journey. And it cannot be 6 months or 9 
months. Last year, I think we started on a positive note where we invested behind the brand for 
the nine months. And we saw 17% uplift pan India. Post that Quarter 4 last year, we stopped 
investing, at least on mass media while Sapphire continued to invest BTL, they did not give 
results. This year, at least starting April, we are investing mass media in Tamil Nadu, and Tamil 
Nadu is showing results. But I think for us to reach the desired level of ADS, the investment has 
to continue for 2 more years at least. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And lastly, a bookkeeping question Vijay, this 97 crores of depreciation, is this a sustainable run 
rate for coming quarters because there is some debt, so I just wanted to check? 
Vijay Jain: 
So again, when you are looking at this depreciation numbers, it is post Ind-AS 116 numbers, the 
underlying real depreciation will be significantly lower. But yes, when you look at even that 
number, we do not see this number materially altering, that is, there are no big impacts, which I 
would say, we need to be carved out as we move forward, the number would keep increasing. 
So, you cannot really look at the absolute value because as we keep adding more stores, the 
number would keep increasing. And there is always some impact where we look take a call on 
store closure. So those are some small one-offs which can come but I would not see the number 
is materially off the mark from a trend perspective. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Fair enough, Vijay and Sanjay. So, thanks for taking my questions sir. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Thank you, Devanshu. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Tejash from Avendus. Please go ahead. 
Tejash: 
Hi, Thanks for the opportunity. Sanjay, KFC has seen a multiple deceleration and slow quarters 
and our explanations have ranged from our readings have ranged from post COVID high base 
to brand boycott in between to private final consumption also kind of slowing down. Now, given 
our parent’s, Yum!'s depth of experience, both in terms of scale and history, what is their current 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
diagnosis of the sluggishness that we are seeing in this brand and how have global QSRs or this 
brand has historically emerged from such slowdowns? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Yeah, so Tejash, I do not think Sapphire called out brand boycott in any of our investor 
presentation. So, you could go back and check. I do not think we have called this out. However, 
what you have been saying that we have or the brand has seen now 6-8 quarters of flat SSSG or 
negative SSSG is absolutely right. Like I said, it is a combination of 2 things. One is private 
discretionary spending has been muted. That is the reason why the government, despite strong 
GDP numbers is still calling out very specifically that they need to do something to increase 
consumption spend and a combination of that plus increased competition within the entire food 
space, including QSR. So, I think that is the articulation. Plus, we have also expanded stores 
significantly and at one point in time, our growth rates, SG numbers were quite strong. So, if 
you look at 3 years, we have doubled the store count. I think it is a combination of all these 
factors. Having now said, what is the way forward, so firstly, I think India is a little unique, 
because there is no other country in the world which has such a strong veg population. And 
therefore, internally, we say that we have 2 tasks on KFC. One is, indeed how do we grow 
frequency of consumption with KFC brand loyalists. And over a period of time, the big 
opportunity is how do we expand the consumer franchise for KFC. On the first part, which is 
increasing frequency, there are global models, which are really around occasions of consumption 
and innovation. Around the part of increasing consumer penetration, there are few markets like 
India. So, it is a matter of—in a sense—to some consumers, almost introducing the concept of 
fried chicken in a QSR format to them. All of this is not is we believe is possible to do. But it 
will take a degree of focus and it will take time. I think we are aligned between Yum! and us on 
what our journey is. And it is starting to play out. But I mean, it is not a silver bullet. Once we 
get some tailwinds of consumption going, I think, in general, we will see that positively reflected 
on KFC also. 
Tejash: 
Thanks, Sanjay, for that detailed answer. Just one follow up there. The way we have seen Tamil 
Nadu Pizza Hut as a very silver lining and gives us hope that it is just a matter of replicating that 
model. Are we doing any or are we seeing any KFC experiment at micro or macro market level, 
which gives us confidence at this stage that if we replicate it at pan India, we will have some 
better numbers there? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
There are several experiments being carried out on KFC, which give us optimism for the future. 
But it is really too early to specifically call out in an investor presentation at this moment, Tejash. 
Tejash: 
Perfect. And the last one, you also called out all the initiatives and interventions that government 
would have made in the last 15 months to revive consumption. In pockets, let us say, some of 
the retailers are seeing some increased footfall, at least to begin with. Are we seeing that in our 
formats, that at least conversions can be still there or low, but our footfalls improving? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
It is tough to make a judgment out after just a couple of days. And like I said, when we are 
overlapping Navaratri, the numbers at this moment from an SSSG perspective are very fine. But 
let us perhaps wait till November and then December and see how things pan out. 

 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Tejash: 
Very clear. That is all from my side and Diwali wishes to you on the team. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
I just want to make, just for ample clarity, I just wanted to call out, the Tamil Nadu experiment 
gives us a way to take the brand forward. But in no means, we are trying to say that it is a solved 
problem in Tamil Nadu, even there. And Vijay mentioned it in one of his answers previously, 
also saying that we have to keep at it for the next 2-3 years, even in TN to really get to double 
digit and then higher levels of profitability. So, but we all seek some models that can give us this 
kind of growth. Certainly, there is a model to revive the brand. So, I just want to, but there is no 
silver bullet, it will still take persistent work, even in Tamil Nadu to really bring the brand back 
to its glory days. 
Tejash: 
Very clear. Thanks, and all the best. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
That is it. I think that is the end of the question queue. So, again, thank you very much. We have 
got 151 participants at the beginning of the call. I was not sure given that it is the start of the 
Diwali weekend and it is a Friday, but I am just grateful to all of you all who have been on the 
call. Happy Diwali, spend time with the family and may all your wishes come true in the coming 
year. Bye.  
Vijay Jain: 
A very Happy Diwali to all of you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Sapphire Foods India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
