 
   
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
Registered & Corporate Office:  
05GBD, Godrej Business District, Pirojshanagar, 
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 400079. India 
Tel: +91 7304575254 
W: www.crompton.co.in  CIN: L31900MH2015PLC262254 
Email: crompton.investorrelations@crompton.co.in 
 
 
 
Date: November 12, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”), 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Ring, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”), 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
BSE Scrip Code: 539876 
NSE Symbol: CROMPTON 
ISIN: INE299U01018 
ISIN: INE299U01018 
Our Reference: 117/2025-26 
Our Reference: 117/2025-26 
 
   Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:   Disclosure under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015) – Transcript of Earnings Call 
  
With reference to our earlier intimations dated October 24, 2025 and November 6, 2025 regarding 
the Earnings Call on the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 
30, 2025, held on November 06, 2025, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the same.  
 
You are requested to take the above information on your record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
 
 
 
Rashmi Khandelwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS – 28839  
 
Encl: A/a 
Rashmi 
Khandelw
al
Digitally signed by 
Rashmi Khandelwal 
Date: 2025.11.12 
17:06:12 +05'30'

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 18 
  
 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
Q2 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. PROMEET GHOSH – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER 
MR. KALEESWARAN ARUNACHALAM – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MS. SWETHA SAGAR – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER, BUTTERFLY 
GANDHIMATHI APPLIANCES LIMITED 
MR. RAJAT CHOPRA – BUSINESS UNIT HEAD – HOME ELECTRICALS 
AND PUMPS 
MR. SHALEEN NAYAK – BUSINESS UNIT HEAD – LIGHTING AND 
SOLAR ROOFTOPS 
MS. NATASHA KEDIA – HEAD – INVESTOR RELATIONS AND 
CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS 
 
HOST ANALYST: 
UMANG MEHTA – KOTAK SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Umang Mehta: 
Hi, everyone. On behalf of Kotak Securities, we welcome you all to Q2 FY26 Earnings 
Conference call of Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited. We have with us today, 
the management represented by Mr. Promeet Ghosh – Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Kaleeswaran Arunachalam – Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Swetha Sagar – Chief 
Business Officer (Butterfly Gandhimathi Appliances Limited), Mr. Rajat Chopra – Business 
Unit Head (Home Electricals and Pumps), Mr. Shaleen Nayak – Business Unit Head (Lighting 
and Solar Rooftops), Ms. Natasha Kedia – Head of Investor Relations and Corporate 
Communications. 
Now, I hand over the call to management for their opening remarks and post that we will open 
the floor for Q&A. Thanks, sir, and over to you. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Earnings Call for Q2 FY26 of Crompton. And to begin 
with, I want to thank Kotak for hosting this call and as you already know, Kalees, Shaleen, Rajat, 
Swetha, and Natasha are joining me today. 
To begin with, I want to say that I am delighted to announce that Euromonitor International has 
certified Crompton as the World’s #1 Ceiling Fan Company. This is, of course, a reiteration of 
the leadership position that we have, not only in India but, now across the world. It is very 
gratifying that we have been so validated by an international firm. Needless to say, this has many 
implications in terms of the scale of operations that Crompton has in ceiling fans. But that is 
something that we can discuss as we go along. 
Firstly, now, let me get into the business itself. Many of you have seen that in the recent months, 
you have seen the step-up in our solar business. Initially, it was in the solar pumps business. 
Now, solar rooftops are also joining the party. Since we announced our entry into solar rooftops 
a few months ago, there has been a flurry of activities. We are rapidly scaling up our presence. 
We recently secured our first solar rooftop order, which was Rs. 52 Cr. Now, that was followed 
by a landmark order of Rs. 445 Cr. In aggregate, the solar rooftop business has already secured 
about Rs. 500 Cr., about 50,000 units in the course of just a month or so. This, we believe, sets 
us off to a flying start in the solar rooftop business and positions us extremely well in the retail 
solar business also. This is something that, I think, you will see in the months and years to come. 
In the meantime, our solar pumps business has also been growing very fast. Again, a business 
which is growing on the strength of the Crompton brand, because farmers across the country are 
choosing Crompton solar pumps, which has resulted in our rapidly gaining a market share now, 
which was about 6% to 8% nationally, all within the space of about two years. This is a business 
that, as you are aware, we have been growing at 100%+ YoY. These are two businesses that we 
are very excited about. We can talk about this at some length going forward. But we do expect 
that the solar business, with it is strong profitability, strong retail connects, and strong return on 
capital, will likely become possibly the second largest business for Crompton within the next 1-
2 years. So, lots of potential there. 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Both, solar pumps and rooftops are high ticket opportunities, along with our core categories. 
They deliver, as I already said, strong unit economics, have great capital efficiency, and high 
return ratios. Most importantly, they leverage off the core strengths of Crompton, which is the 
Crompton brand, which is something that consumers have great faith in. This is particularly 
important because in solar business, to give you a sense, the amount of money that a family may 
spend on solar, let us say if you set up a 3kW unit solar rooftop, you spend maybe Rs. 2 lakh - 
Rs. 2.5 lakhs. That is more than all the products that Crompton currently sells into the home. So, 
if you put pumps and mixer grinders, Butterfly, chimneys, kitchen products, all of them, if you 
put together, they will probably add up to an expenditure of Rs. 1 lakh - Rs. 1.5 lakhs. This is a 
huge opportunity, and people are asking for our products by name. So, it is something that we 
are quite excited about. And it, of course, also leverages off the extensive distribution network 
that we have, and the very effective sales service network that we have. 
Now, to come back to our other core businesses, before I get into reviewing the numbers, let me 
say Crompton 2.0 is continuing apace. We have renewed our focus on consumer centricity. 
Particularly in this situation, we have, in the previous quarter, completed a very extensive U&A 
study i.e. usage and attitude study. As a consumer company, as you might imagine, this is critical 
to how we are evolving as a company. This has also meant a considerable amount of expense. 
But this, to give you a sense of how extensive this U&A study was, 17,000 consumers were 
interviewed across the various products that we manufacture and sell, their detailed views about 
what they think of our brand, what they think of other brands, what they particularly take into 
consideration in buying various products is something that this study is thrown up. I have to say, 
very insightful for us. And I think what you will see in the months and quarters to come, you 
will see us hopefully translating this into the premiumization roadmap into the product, 
consumer centricity roadmap of each one of our products. 
Our GTM revamp, again, a large transformation project that we have undertaken, which I have 
referred to, I think, from time-to-time, is also progressing well. We have a global consultant 
working with us. We have particularly co-created city level execution plans with field teams to 
run targeted pilots, alongside with a very dedicated rural acceleration program. The pilot focus 
is selling more in existing regions, range selling and premiumization. Early results are 
encouraging. We expect to see meaningful progress in our GTM plan also over the next 18 
months to 20 months, and we expect that this will further strengthen our distribution as well as 
penetration. 
Diving into our Q2 FY26 results. Revenue performance has been steady, underpinned by a 3% 
YoY growth in underlying volumes. We have remained steadfast in being able to not only hold, 
but gain market share across various categories, despite difficult market conditions.  
Particularly, as you are aware, weather conditions have not been favorable. This has led, over a 
period, to a stocking up with the entire channel, which frequently does lead to not only impacting 
one product, but a few other products are also impacted because of this. 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
ECD has witnessed encouraging momentum across categories with market share gains. YoY, 
margins have been impacted, particularly in the LDA and the TPW segment because of adverse 
market conditions. There is also the impact of commodity price movements, which as you must 
be aware is something that has afflicted several players in the segment. We have already started 
taking pricing actions to address some of these. In fact, we were the first company in ceiling fans 
to announce an increase in prices, which came into effect about 24th of last month. So, we are 
taking the lead, as always, in pricing action, and we believe that the rest of the industry, which 
has also been impacted by commodity price increases, will also follow. 
Our BLDC fans now is coming off the launch on the Nucleus platform, which I spoke about 
maybe 6-9 months ago. This led to the launch of fully indigenously developed BLDC products 
into the market, Niteo and Nucleoid. They have been very well received by the market. Our 
BLDC products in this segment have been growing at very strong double-digit numbers, 50%+ 
numbers. And we expect this momentum to continue and indeed strengthen as we go forward 
with further product introductions in the BLDC segment. 
Our pumps business delivered a mid-teens growth, supported by solar orders of about Rs. 92 Cr. 
that came in last quarter. SDA has continued to grow in strong double-digits. Our kitchen 
business, which combines Butterfly, our SDA business, and our large kitchen appliance 
business, as I have said before, is the second largest kitchen business in the country and in that 
business, we are growing at double-digit growth, which on that scale, I do not think any of our 
competitors comes anywhere near competing. 
On Butterfly itself, this was a standout quarter. Revenue growth, now this is something that you 
guys would have seen already, revenue has grown 13.6%, driven by strong channel execution 
and new product launches. EBITDA in Butterfly has grown at 21%. Growth in Crompton kitchen 
is comparable, in fact, a little bit better. So, you can see how the kitchen business at Crompton 
is doing. 
Further, lighting has demonstrated strong performance in both top line, which is about 3.1% 
YoY growth; and EBIT, which grew at 50% YoY. EBIT margins in lighting, which came in at 
15.5%, expanded by 480 bps YoY. 
Now with that, I hope, you have had the time to look through the investor presentations that we 
have put out. One last point, I want to also flag to all of you. Results this quarter also have an 
exceptional item. For the first time, we are calling out an exceptional item, largely because of 
the single quantum that was spent on it. As you know, and if you do not, I am happy to elaborate, 
we have been embarking on a transformation of various parts of the organization. 
One part of this transformation has been the restructuring of our Baroda operations. Now, in the 
last quarter, we incurred a cost of about Rs. 20 Cr. in restructuring the Goa operations. Apart 
from the restructuring, there has been a big change in the way that the Baroda operation has 
evolved as a consequence. This is also an operation which started earlier being a lighting 
business. This is a legacy lighting products company. Over the last few quarters, it has changed 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
dramatically. It is now not only a lighting manufacturing unit, it is a fan manufacturing unit, it 
is an LKA manufacturing unit, and soon to be also a manufacturing unit for a part of our solar 
rooftop business. In addition to this, this is also the location where we have set up a significant 
testing facility. So, that is just to give you a small glimpse of how the transformation, which is 
a part of Crompton 2.0, is evolving. And you, of course, heard of some of the other things that 
we can talk about, which is the U&A study and the GTM process. With that, I will pause, and 
we will take questions. 
Umang Mehta: 
Sure. Thank you, sir. We will open the floor for Q&A. The first question comes from the line of 
Aditya Bhartia. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Hi, Aditya. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Hi. Good evening. My first question is on the ECD margins. While you kind of elaborated on it 
a bit, but the margin drop has been quite sharp and sudden and which is why I wanted to 
understand, is it largely only in the fans category and SDA category wherein we are seeing this 
margin erosion?  
 
Solar pumps and rooftop, I do not think we will be having too much of revenues at this stage. 
But those are okay in terms of margins. And on the fans side, when do you expect these margins 
to be coming back with the pricing actions that have been taken? And is there a competition 
angle also attached to it? 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Actually, I do not know how you kind of concluded that the margin drop is attributable to fans 
and SDA. Like what I mentioned was that the margin drop is a consequence of, one, the 
commodity price increases in our ECD businesses. Secondly, it is attributable to the TPW and 
the LDA businesses. Now, as you are aware, the LDA business comprises our air coolers 
business, as well as our water heaters business and the TPW business. Now both are significantly 
impacted by seasonality. And while the channel had purchased, had stocked up some, that is 
impacted their ability to come back and purchase more. And I think there has been a considerable 
amount of competitor activity in these products. So, yes, we do expect that the price increases 
that we are taking will help. 
To a smaller extent in fans as we go into BEE transition, which is 1st of January, we have also 
been, obviously, going into the last quarter, it is important that we are well prepared with our 
inventories in the Q3 FY26, because there is a cliff on the 1st of January. So, some of that has 
also obviously been acted upon. That, this is until the 1st of this quarter. But it is important to 
start working in advance and we have already started doing that. So those are, I think, the factors 
which have gone into substantially explain the margin in this quarter. 
There is another element here. We have significantly stepped up our investments also in 
transformation, which are currently not, obviously, giving the returns that come along with these 
investments itself. So, for instance, we would have started spending money in GTM ahead of 
the impact that it has on sales, we have started spending you can imagine. These are only ones 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
that I am putting out there. We have also stepped up our investments in digital. Again, these are 
investments that you make first in various capital expenditures or whatever, expenditures that 
you incur in transforming your operations. So, it is above the gross margin level. I told you what 
the reasons are. Below the gross margin level, there is the transformation expenses that we have 
stepped up. 
Now, for the first time, because there was a combined expenditure last quarter of about Rs. 20 
Cr., we are also calling that out separately. But even outside of the restructuring expenses, there 
are other expenses which we have incurred last quarter. These are all, I think, very important for 
us because they will contribute, we think, to making Crompton 2.0 happen. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Sure. One thing that is a little surprising is that there have been times when we have seen sharp 
RM inflation, but I cannot remember any time when we saw margins as low as what we are 
seeing in the ECD vertical. And which is why, I wanted to ask what exactly has been playing 
out and by when should we be expecting these margins to be recovering? The segment used to 
have high teens kind of margins. What should we now start expecting as sustainable margins for 
this segment as well? 
Kaleeswaran A: 
So, Aditya, if you look at it, Promeet walked you through on the comparative to previous year 
which is, why is the reason this is a combination of our seasonal categories not bringing in the 
revenue, which is on a higher gross margin. So, mix on that has got adverse.  
 
Sequentially, if you look at Q1 FY26 till now, it is largely due to operating leverage. Q1 FY26 
is a large seasonal quarter, and we do not have that scale. That is the reason for it coming down. 
Now, looking at from a forward perspective, what are we doing to get the margin restored, as 
you would know that we did this just recently on ECD when we restored the margin back to its 
mid-teens level. That is our intrinsic margin and that is a portion that we want to move. This 
quarter, we talked about the reasons. As we move forward, a price increase has been 
communicated for November. There will be a few more initiatives towards that will be taken as 
we move forward. Unnati is getting accelerated. So, we will look at further cost saving that needs 
to come in.  
 
Some of the benefits that we have seen on ceiling fans, on cost initiatives, we may now start 
moving towards table, pedestal, and wall fans also. Coupled with that, there is also a mix that 
should help us positively on the premium side. Those are the initiatives that we are looking at. I 
would continue to say that from an industry perspective, when we look at it, yes, there has been 
a margin pressure across the industry, but we continue to lead on margin as we speak, and we 
are confident to restore it as we move forward with the actions that we talked about. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
See, you do not ask us to give you specific guidance. But I will just give you another indication. 
The last time I was asked these questions was in March’24, right? 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
Yes, that is right. 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Promeet Ghosh: 
March’24, where margins had impacted. And you know the trajectory of margins. So do not ask 
us to give you forward guidance, but we do believe that there are factors which have gone into 
the margin, particularly the unseasonal impact on LDA and TPW, because of which we have 
seen what we have seen. And we are taking the lead in addressing this, and we are the first 
company in fans to take a price increase. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Sure, sure. Thank you so much. 
Umang Mehta: 
The next question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on this price hike which you indicated 
in the fan’s portfolio. So, is it possible to highlight the quantum, how much has been taken, and 
is it for the entire portfolio? Because we have seen like about 80 bps sequential gross margin 
drop in this quarter. So just wanted to understand, is it good enough to offset this drop? 
 
And second is, at a portfolio level, you have talked about solar being Rs. 2,000 Cr. type of 
revenue in two years. How should we think about the profitability of this portfolio? Will it be at 
par with the ECD sort of margins which we have? Or how should we think about this as a margin 
over a period? 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Sure. Let me answer both those questions. We have taken a price increase of about 1.4% in our 
fans business. That is what we have started with. I think, you will see what happens as we go 
along. So hopefully that addresses the first part of your question. I do not think we are able to 
particularly take price increases in the LDA business just yet, to be clear. 
 
Insofar as the margin and the return profile of our solar business is concerned, the solar business 
has a very similar margin profile to the rest of the company in terms of the EBIT margins. To be 
clear, this business does not work the way that the other businesses work. This is a business in 
which much of the gross margin flows through directly to the EBIT. So, the margin profile of 
the company is very similar to the margin profile of the solar business. It is, at that same time, a 
very high ROCE business. Especially, the rooftop business where much of the payment comes 
in pretty much with the installation. Now, I do not need to get into what this thing is, I have 
talked to you about that before. If you want, I will get into it. But this is a high growth business, 
a high ROCE business. This is going to grow, supplement our core businesses where, as I said, 
we are gaining share in fans, we are significantly ramping up our BLDC position, and in pumps 
also we have gained share. That leaves our SDA business, which is growing in strong double-
digit and, like I said, is the fastest growing kitchen business in the country. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it, sir. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
So, sir, I just had a follow-up on this solar pump. You indicated a strong order pipeline. Is it 
possible to highlight the quantum? We had talked about this in the last quarter also. So, this 
quarter also, if you can just highlight the quantum of the order pipeline, it will be helpful. 
Rajat Chopra: 
Rs. 255 Cr. 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Promeet Ghosh: 
The current order pipeline is Rs. 255 Cr, as we speak. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. Great, sir. Thanks a lot. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
One sec. Just so we are clear, that is the unexecuted order. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yes. Yes, okay. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
I mean, again, not to get into numbers, that is growing at 100%+ YoY. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it, sir. Thanks a lot. I will come back in the queue. 
Umang Mehta: 
Thank you. The next question is from Renu Baid. 
Renu Baid: 
Yes. So just one question, circling back on the solar rooftop portfolio that we are having since 
essentially, it will be an outsourced business model for us. And you mentioned ROCEs are very 
high. How would, in your view, be the net working capital intensity and the key risk on the 
execution side? Any warranty obligations required on the performance of the panels? 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Sorry, one second. If I just put down the questions, you are asking what the working capital 
requirements in that business are? And two, what are the commitments that we are making on 
warranty? 
Renu Baid: 
On the performance as in typically for rooftop, there are also performance related warranties 
which are required in terms of the efficiencies of the panels. So, to what extent it would be back-
to-back covered with the panel supplier, and on our books, what could be the liabilities related 
to these? 
Shaleen Nayak: 
Yes. So, we are completely covered on the back-to-back as far as the panels go. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Renu, to answer your question, these are back-to-back. This is not very different from many of 
our other businesses. As you already know, we have a healthy mix of products that we outsource 
and products that we make in-house. Crompton does a splendid job of ensuring that the quality 
of the product that is put out into the market, regardless of whether it is made in-house or 
outsourced, meets the Crompton standard. Now, insofar as the working capital is concerned, as 
I have already told you, this is a business in which ROCEs are high. So, the working capital 
intensity of this business is low. So it is, many of our businesses, we operate as very capital 
efficient businesses. That is the case with our fans and pumps business. And this is also a 
business which is a high ROCE business. 
 
In this business, on the retail side of the business, solar rooftops, 85% to 90% of the payment is 
made in advance. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it. And on the panel side, would it be possible for you to elaborate on who our partners here 
would be in terms of sourcing partners? 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Promeet Ghosh: 
One second. If you do not mind, we will not disclose who our partners are. Obviously, when we 
have gone and got these bids, we have decided for sourcing the solar panels. But I want to make 
this point here. And this is a question that you have not asked but has been asked of us. 
Renu Baid: 
Because panel availability is a constraint and at what price? So as in, how are we covered on 
that aspect? Do we have annual rate contracts with some of the larger suppliers here in the 
market? Or how does it work? 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Okay. So, the solar rooftop business, we have clarity of what price we are going to get the panels 
at, okay. So that is point number one. Point number two, now, because we have such a large 
scale in solar pumps as well as in solar rooftop, that enables us to get well-negotiated prices in 
the solar panel business, as you might imagine. In fact, one of the very key things that this order 
allows us to do is to get scale on our sourcing, both on the solar pumps business as well as in the 
rooftop business, and not only in these orders, but outside these orders as we go out and 
implement orders, directly take orders from individuals. So, the product is the same. If you have 
50,000 units that you have a scale already in, that obviously significantly steps up your ability 
to get better prices for these products as well as will help us step up the execution of these 
products because that is also something that you need to do. One of the reasons why we have 
managed to get sharp uptick in solar pumps is because we have done the execution well. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it. And sir, lastly, a question related to fans, where obviously we have a table rating change 
coming through from Jan. So, last time, remember, Crompton had been low on inventory up 
stocking of the older inventory. There was significant destocking ahead of these changes. This 
time around, do we have a strategy in place. We are already in November. So, would we be on 
the board with other industry peers to up stock on the older rating products ahead of the change, 
or we would go low on inventory, channel inventory, and then push the new product range from 
Jan? 
Promeet Ghosh: 
And clearly, we have learned our lessons from the last time. I will leave it at that. And, there 
have been two projects which have been running in Crompton for the last six months. They are 
called Utkarsh 1 and Utkarsh 2. Utkarsh 1 is how the stocking and destocking of current B-rated 
fans is going to work. And Utkarsh 2 is how we are going to start manufacturing new B-rated 
fans. And I dare say that we are well prepared, as far as we can tell today. Hopefully, you will 
start seeing some of these fans sooner rather than later. So, we made this point earlier. We are 
technically preparing ourselves not only for BEE 2.0, but also for BEE 3.0. That is why I went 
and announced to you, now nine months ago, gave you a glimpse of the technology that we were 
using. So, yes, I think we are in a reasonable state of preparedness. The extent of up stocking in 
the industry, I can tell you, is not going to be probably like what happened the last time. That is 
not in any way Crompton related. That is because I think the industry, the channel partners last 
time had up stocked across the board, other than in Crompton. And they, I do not think felt that 
that served them particularly well. So, our sense is the levels of up stocking in the channel will 
be more moderate across the industry. But we are well prepared. 
Renu Baid: 
Surely. Thanks much, team, and best wishes. Thank you. 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Yes. 
Umang Mehta: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Achal Lohade.  
Achal Lohade: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. First, on the lighting, if you could help us 
understand, we have had a record margin, how sustainable are these? What has driven this 
margin expansion? And B, mid-teens volume growth is pretty encouraging. How do you see that 
playing out going forward? What is driving any particular sub-segment which is helping in terms 
of the growth? 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Okay, so let me take the first crack at it. And I will ask Shaleen to step in if needed. Lighting, as 
you know, comprises two parts, B2B and B2C. In our case, the growth has been similar in both 
B2B as well as B2C. So, we are not particular believers that we should just do lots of B2B 
businesses, which are kind of very low margin business otherwise. So, we have done in B2B as 
well as B2C, our growth has been consistent. 
 
In B2C, we have been calling out for some time that we are significantly reorienting our product 
mix. Our product mix used to be lamps and battens. Our product mix today is panels, lamps, and 
battens. Some time ago, our lamps and battens used to be more than 65% of our product mix. 
Today, they are about together probably 40% of our product mix. We have added a lot of both 
panels as well as other products like flood lights, etc. All of these are going towards a material 
uptick in the margin in our lighting business. 
 
In our B2B business also, we have been working towards improving the quality of our B2B 
business. Without taking specific numbers, one of the objects of our B2B business has been to 
reduce the kind of government exposure because they have tended to be in our B2B business, 
and  increase our industrial part of our business. And that is also something that we are managing 
to do. The largest contract that we currently have is with an industrial company, JSW Steel, we 
have fully disclosed. So, there are a spate of activities that we have done in our lighting business, 
not the least of which is, also addressing the manufacturing costs of our lighting business. Now, 
the lighting business had two manufacturing units. One was in Baddi, the other was in Baroda. 
In Baddi, we have changed that manufacturing unit. And now it is a fully dedicated fans business, 
which is a 50% increase in production capacity to what we used to manufacture in Baddi before. 
There is no more lighting in Baddi.  
 
In Baroda, as you have already heard, one that manufacturing unit has gone from being a 
dedicated facility only to lighting to many other PLs (product lines). And in this last quarter, we 
have also undertaken significant restructuring, which will come now. The benefits of that will 
come now to all the PLs that are now based out of Baroda. So, if you have spent Rs. 20 Cr., 
typically, the payback of these expenditures tends to be about. 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
Sub two years. 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Yes, less than two years. Obviously, we have not spent it just like that. So, what you are seeing 
in lighting is the benefits of both front-end as well as back-end improvements.  
Achal Lohade: 
Is it fair to say that this is now the new normal margins? Would that be a fair assessment? 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
From a forward-looking perspective, Achal, as you know, we do not give guidance. But having 
said that, the idea is to also reinvest back to get lighting on growth. So, we also look at 
opportunities to step up our A&P in this. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. The second question I had was with respect to the solar piece. If I look at solar pumps 
and rooftop, both are dependent on the government schemes. So, if you could help us understand, 
what is the visibility you have got, particularly on the PM-KUSUM, there was expectation that 
it should come through the PM-KUSUM 2.0 anytime now. So just wanted to check any update 
on that. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Okay. So let us step back for a second. Both the businesses are not government dependent. I will 
explain why. Firstly, insofar as solar pumps is concerned, as you are no doubt aware, KUSUM 
1.0 is expiring, KUSUM 2.0 has already been announced. 
Rajat Chopra: 
September onwards. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Yes. So, in the month of September, the son of KUSUM 1 has already been announced, KUSUM 
2.0 and while 15 lakh pumps have been, I think, implemented in KUSUM 1, the aspiration is 36 
lakhs? 
Rajat Chopra: 
36 lakhs. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
36 lakh pumps are the aspiration in KUSUM 2.0. So clearly, the government has every intention 
to continue to invest in KUSUM 2.0. In fact, from our point of view, we see opportunity in other 
states where today we are not present. As I mentioned earlier, got a market share of about 6%. 
That is working in a restricted number of states. Basically, we have been in Maharashtra, 
Rajasthan, and Haryana. We think, there is opportunity for us, now that we have done so much 
work, to also expand into other regions, and with that will come further increases in our market 
share. Insofar, as the solar rooftop business is concerned, the first orders are from the 
government. This is a huge business in the retail market. What these orders do is that that gets 
our business off to a flying start. Basically, it gives us scale in terms of installation, in terms of 
procurement. But also most importantly, this is a business where you can imagine the strength 
of the Crompton brand where you want to spend Rs. 2 lakhs on a product, and Crompton goes 
and says, look, we have also installed 50,000 units.  
 
There is nobody else who can easily make such commitments to the people. So, this is a Rs. 
20,000 Cr. market, today. I am not talking about the future. This is a Rs. 20,000 Cr. market, so 
this is a large business. Simultaneously to implementing the solar rooftop business in Andhra 
and Telangana, we have also launched our retail presence in a set of states.  

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
And as that picks up pace, I will keep you informed about it. So, we do believe that going 
forward, we will have a healthy mix of direct to retail. This is different from B2B and B2C that 
we do in other businesses. In other businesses, B2B is a different product, entirely different 
product. It is a made-to-order product.  
 
Here, this is the same product that we install in any home. If we put up a 2kW product in any 
home, this is exactly the same product, exactly the same installation, exactly the same survey, 
and therefore, very similar supply chain. So, I hope that answers your question. 
Achal Lohade: 
Yes, very much. Just one small request, if I may. Please allow us some more time for reading, 
going through the presentation. Keep some gap between the presentation and the conference 
call. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Yes. Appreciate that. Unfortunately, our Board deliberations always overrun. So poor Natasha 
does not get much time to upload the investor deck. But yes, point taken. 
Umang Mehta: 
Thank you. Next question is from Aniruddha Joshi. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity, Sir, two questions. One, both the schemes, you said, have got 
high ROCE and high growth also. But if we exclude the benefits in both PM-KUSUM as well 
as PM Surya Ghar, eventually the consumers may not like to get into these kinds of products 
because it will reduce the benefits to the consumers. 
 
Second point, if the government realizes that the people engaged in or the middlemen between 
government and the eventual consumers are making high ROCE, eventually government may 
immediately cut down on the subsidy benefits also. So, assuming subsidy goes down materially 
almost to zero, do you still think that the businesses can generate high ROCE? And also, lastly, 
on high ROCE means, the definition that you are looking at, it just means more than 25%, more 
than 30%, where would you peg that number? If you can give a broad range, it will be helpful. 
That is question number one. 
 
And last question, in case of fans, obviously the table will change in January. Also, we have seen 
there is a material inflation in most of the commodity prices also. So how do you see the overall 
price hikes that we may need to take considering both the table change and RM inflation? And 
how much we have taken right now and how much pending price hike will be required?  
Promeet Ghosh: 
Okay. First point I want to make. I said it is a high ROCE business. It is a high ROCE business 
for us. That does not mean that it is a high ROCE business per se. It is a high ROCE business 
for us because it is a combination of the brand pull and the fact that we have scale in our 
manufacturing, in our sourcing, and because we have over a period of time invested significantly 
with our partners in the execution of these. Otherwise, businesses do not have high ROCE. So, 
there are some things that I think differentiates us. Let us understand, in the pumps business, 
what is happening in the pumps business, is that the government is already doing an auction. So, 
the government cannot say, boss, I will give it to you at lower than the auction. There is an 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
auction. So, if somebody can bid lower, they are already bidding lower. But after the auction is 
done, the government says, ask the farmers, now, these are the five pumps which are available, 
please tell us which pump they want, which pump you want, right? 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Right. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
So, somebody can bid. But at the end of the day, the farmer recognizes one or two brands only, 
and he has faith only in one brand if I may say so, I will just come to it. So, by the way, the 
government is not giving a subsidy just like that. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Correct. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
In the solar pumps business, as you are aware, many farmers get electricity at zero cost. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Correct. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
If you get it from the grid. And then, because it comes at zero cost, the electricity is very 
intermittent, and that, of course, has its own impact. What the government is doing is, basically 
giving a subsidy that you do not have to draw electricity from the grid and particularly, do not 
have to draw electricity, so that I do not have to give you free of cost. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Right. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
So, what the government has obviously thought through the subsidy program at some length. 
Now, similarly, in the solar rooftop business, what this rooftop business does is, if you have a 
solar rooftop, it is a two-way meter that you have. The government gives you a subsidy, and the 
government is deeply, deeply focused on the spread of green energy. The government has, as 
you are aware, very ambitious targets about the carbon footprint of the country, right. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Right. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
And what the SCBs do is that when you put up a solar rooftop, when you are generating during 
the day, part of it you use, part of it you give back to the grid, right. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Right. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
So, first of all, this is something that has been carefully thought through by the country and the 
government is not simply giving money away. Secondly, and even more importantly, this is not 
unique journey. We have seen this happen in business after business. As the scale grows and the 
benefits of these products becomes clear, you can see it in fame, one, two, three, and so on and 
so forth, governments find that it is not necessary for the subsidy to continue because the math 
makes sense for people anyway.  I mean, soon, anyway, there is a large investment being made 
by the government in this. KUSUM 2.0 is a ready demonstration of it. But I do not think we 
should approach this business as being a short run business. Sorry, Kalees, you wanted to say 
something. 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
I will come to the second question, maybe, and then I will address the first one. Second one on 
fans, what you asked, as we communicated earlier, 1.5% of price increase has already been 
taken. There are also actions that we will take as we move into the BEE 2.0 regulatory change. 
It need not be price only. As you would know, for consistently over the years, we have been 
running a successful Unnati program that helps us to optimize cost. So, both are running in 
parallel. This will help us to get back to margins in due course, as we are planning to work on 
these actions. 
 
Typically, sunrise industries always start with a subsidy. That is what we are doing in solar 
pumps and rooftop. And end of the day, you are building a library when it becomes a business, 
which is beyond subsidy, you have Crompton as a household name available for the farmer, or 
for the consumer at household to get it installed. And the unit economics works today for the 
farmer because intermittent power supply is ending up in spending cost on diesel, which is 
significantly high and borrowed at a cost of 36%+. Organized financiers are planning to get into 
it where funding will be at 8%, 9%. So, it will be a standalone business with very good payback 
to the farmers on pumps.  
 
On B2C solar rooftop, it is a straight case. There is no need to even look at the unit economics. 
As we move forward with scale, that pays back by itself. So, I do not think subsidy has got 
anything to do with it. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
In fact, as subsidies go down, the focus of the individuals on products which are long lasting, 
which when you put in a large amount of money, will give you a consistent, reliable supply 
becomes even more important.  
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Right. This is very helpful. Yes. Thank you. 
Umang Mehta: 
The next question is from the line of Natasha Jain. 
Natasha Jain: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to know, in terms of newer categories, are we 
looking at something more in tune with our distribution channel, like, say, wires? And given that 
wires have a strong double-digit outlook in the future, why are we not getting into this category? 
And our distribution strength is so good. I mean, we can probably leverage and cross-sell or sell 
through the same channel. So, I wanted to know if we are looking into getting into this segment. 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
Natasha, as you would appreciate, this is for a quarterly earnings call of what has happened in 
Q2 FY26. We would refrain from giving you insights on future product categories we will enter. 
We have called out the way in which we would enter. At appropriate time, you will hear from 
us about it. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
So, we are well aware of our strengths, Natasha. So, I will leave it at that. I think you will also 
appreciate that when we formally announced the entry into a segment, it is after having done 
some homework in the background. So, I mean, solar rooftops are an instance where, obviously, 
if you have gone and got a Rs. 500 Cr. order book, that has not happened over the last two 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
months. So, if we have announced that business three or four months ago, it will tell you that 
there is some background work that was going on. So, at the right time, you will hear about our 
entering various categories. And we are aware of our strengths in various categories. And our 
strengths are our brand and our distribution. That is not lost on us. 
Natasha Jain: 
Thank you, sir. 
Umang Mehta: 
Okay. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Singh. 
Himanshu Singh: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to check how has been the growth trajectory for 
fans in October post the monsoon retreat in large parts of the country, if you can elaborate. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
It has been a slight improvement, I would say, in trajectory, a little bit better than last quarter. 
We will have to see how that pans out. I must say that our expectation for the previous quarter 
was a better growth trajectory. That did not quite pan out. This time, I hope, I will be surprised 
positively. But I think importantly, it is at times like this, I mean, leaving TPW aside, which I 
said as TPW tends to be the most seasonally impacted segment, because fans, lots of TPW gets 
bought when the weather is hot. And I think that is something that we have seen the impact of, 
particularly over the last quarter. But the fans business, even in a tough market, we have 
continued to gain market share, which is something that, frankly, is quite important to us. And 
sometimes, tough times are also opportunities for larger players like us. 
Himanshu Singh: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. Another question, sir. What is the salience of e-commerce and modern 
trade channels for ECD? And how does the margin stack for these channels? And do we see any 
pressure or downward risk on margins if their salience grows over the near-term? 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
We do not share the specific channel category wise data, Himanshu. But the unit economics are 
strong. That is something that we underpin for all the categories and channels we operate in. So, 
we know that e-commerce is a channel for growth. But we also have strong unit economics 
governing the profitability for it. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Maybe I will give him a little bit of color. Look, the channel margins initially tend to be a little 
lower in MOR and e-commerce. But remember that the e-commerce and MOR mix structurally 
is higher in our kitchen appliances business than it is in our ECD business, and I think, it should 
not be a surprise to you that we figured out how that mix should be worked with. So let me 
answer it myself. You are aware that in our Butterfly business where the e-commerce salience 
is quite high, we have worked very hard over the last few quarters to materially improve the 
profitability of our e-commerce business. And remember, when you are one of the largest 
consumer product companies in the country, that also makes a difference when you are 
negotiating with e-commerce channels, as well as with the MOR. So, it is not a straight answer, 
Himanshu. I mean, you can tell from the way that the margins at Butterfly have improved, that 
we do have some sense of how to deal with the e-commerce mix. 
Himanshu Singh: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much, sir. That is all from my side. 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Umang Mehta: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Deepak Lalwani. Deepak, please go ahead. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question is on Butterfly. We have seen good growth in 
this quarter. If you can share the outlook for Butterfly. Is this growth a one-off? Or should we 
see it continuing? 
Promeet Ghosh: 
You have asked this question for the last few quarters. So, I mean this is three-off because the 
last three quarters is not a one-off but a three-off, Deepak, I think it is fair to say that we are 
optimistic of the trajectory that the business is taking. The Crompton kitchen appliance business 
has also been, whatever, growing at a solid rate, consistently. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Okay. Yes. I just had one more clarification. So, the Rs. 500 Cr. order book in the solar rooftop 
business, executable over 12 months, so should we assume a Rs. 100 Cr.- Rs. 125 Cr. quarterly 
run rate for this? 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Look, guys, how exactly it will bunch I do not want to tell you. But yes, the expectation is that 
over the next 6 months to 12 months, the order will be executed. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Sure. And sir, just a clarification on your comment that the recovery in fans is positive in 
October. Can you call out how has it panned out across the products, TPW, pedestal, etc.? 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Look, I mean, I will answer it as best as I can. Look, at the end of the day, the TPW season is 
past. But insofar as ceiling fans are concerned, we are seeing some pickup, early days yet, but 
we are seeing some pickup. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
And are we seeing a similar case for coolers as well? 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
Coolers is again not in season, Deepak. So, I think cooler season has passed. It is more to start 
with the other seasonal products for winter. So therefore, nothing to impact on. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
There was some stocking in that segment, as you might imagine, and that kind of impacted the 
profits there. But that is, of course, episodic. But the season is not really looking up. I mean, it 
is not season. Fundamentally, it is not season. 
Umang Mehta: 
Thank you, Deepak. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Actually, some fans of ours in the TPW segment will pick up with the crop, because they are 
used to dry crops. To that extent, it will be interesting to see, now that the monsoon has been 
very strong, and presumably the crops are quite good. Unlike many other companies, we have 
quite a strong exposure to rural India. And some of our products are used for drying crops. And 
that should come up soon. But I have not seen it yet, because it is still raining in some parts. 
Umang Mehta: 
Thank you, sir. I have a question from my end. Maybe Kalees can answer to it. Is there any 
particular reason why solar as a category is being prioritized? And how are you generally 
thinking about it internally? 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
I think the way we have been looking at it is, Crompton as a B2C brand has been very well 
known in this country, and it is an 85-year-old brand. And we continuously look at categories 
that we have a right to win. When we have entered solar pumps or solar rooftop, it is not to win 
couple of orders and see what is to be done, but it is look at how the consumption in India is 
going to move over the period of time. 
 
Pumps, we believe that Agri pumps at a point of time is going to be replaced by solar pumps as 
an industry. And this could potentially be a USD 2 billion to USD 3 billion industry in size. In 
the history of Crompton in 85 years, we have done about, say, Rs. 250 Cr. of Agri pumps. In 
about less than two years, we have crossed that number, and we are looking at double as we look 
at this year. So, significant right to win for Crompton as a brand. And Crompton as a brand 
getting accepted with the farmers helps us a library to be built across, which also becomes a very 
strong replacement market as we move forward. That is as far as solar pumps are concerned. 
 
Solar rooftop, the idea for us is to look at it from a perspective that we have been a household 
name. I think a large part of Indian household has grown with Crompton as a name. And one of 
the biggest challenges that has been there in solar rooftop is, companies with credibility coming 
and taking this up. And you do not have fly-by-night operators, who cannot stand and provide a 
warranty for a longer duration. 
 
What Crompton brings on the table is that an ability to execute this, which we have demonstrated 
in solar pumps, an ability to have a supply chain that can address it and install and provide post 
installation support with great quality. So that is why we feel solar rooftop is another industry 
that helps us to grow.  
 
Combined as we look at it from a B2C perspective, which is the way that we are approaching 
this, we see this scaling up to about Rs. 2,000 Cr. in the next 18 months - 24 months. That is 
what we are looking like an outlook for it. The profitability of these businesses is like what 
Crompton is making as overall business. So, there is no difference from that. We do see the unit 
economics is much more favorable, and the balance sheet is lighter. Consistently, over period, 
there has been no significant fixed asset investment that we have done. This is no different from 
that.  
 
Our working capital has been negative. While there could be some working capital involved, but 
the ROCEs are going to be higher than the average. So, in all, we see this as a sunrise sector that 
is going to pick up in a significant way for the country. And as a brand that has been there for 
85 years, it is an opportunity for us to participate and reshape the consumer experience both in 
households and for the farmers. So that is why we are looking at solar as a huge opportunity, 
and we want to be part of shaping this. And one of the things that we also committed is how do 
we work towards a clean energy journey for the country. This also helps from our commitment 
that we have made, which we announced it in the last quarter from a 2035 energy commitment. 
 
So over and all, a great business that is a consumer franchisee for us, a great unit economics, and 
helps us to drive sustainability and clean energy. So, it ticks all the boxes for us to grow. Most 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
importantly, we do not want to go linear here. When we aggressively scale this up to Rs. 2,000 
Cr., which we are looking at, it gives us enormous benefits on supply chain. It gives us enormous 
benefit on technology and IoT that also will help us and rub off positively in many other 
segments also. That is largely why we are into it and why we are getting into it. Trust that 
answers, Umang. 
Umang Mehta: 
Yes. Thanks. That was quite comprehensive. If I can just squeeze one last question. Would you 
be able to share current inventory levels in fan? Is it normal, more than usual or? 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Current inventory levels in fans are reasonable. I assume that you mean inventory levels with 
us. 
Umang Mehta: 
Yes, and the channel. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Yes, are reasonable. Like I said, we have been running two programs, Utkarsh 1 and Utkarsh 2. 
And both of them are progressing apace. And if I may just add to what Kalees said, absolutely, 
it is not that we are prioritizing the solar rooftop business or the solar pumps business. It is the 
reason I spent some time talking about it is because these are new businesses which you may not 
be familiar with, and certainly we have not talked about them in the past. Then let there be no 
mistake that we are very, very focused also on our core businesses. I told you that in the fans 
business, now we are recognized as the largest solar ceiling fan company in the world. That 
gives scale. And let me tell you that we are not taking that scale lightly. Yes, the fans business 
has come through a period where seasonality has impacted the fans business a little bit.  
 
But even during that time, we have gained market share. It is during that time that we have made 
investments in XTech and Nucleus. So, we continue to invest in our core businesses. One other 
business that we spoke about earlier, which used to be asked about earlier, was our kitchen 
business and our lights business.  And you have seen that with the focus that we have had in 
those businesses, the trajectory of those businesses has changed. So that is not to say that we are 
neglecting our other businesses. 
Umang Mehta: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much. With this, we will end the Q&A session. I will hand it over to 
you for closing remarks, if any. Thanks for the opportunity to host you. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Yes. Thank you very much. And if you need to reach out to us, Natasha is obviously available. 
Yes. Thank you, and you have a good evening. 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
Thank you, guys. 
