Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Regd. Office: #53/1-4, Hosur Main Road, Madivala,  
Bengaluru-560068, Karnataka, India  
CIN of the Co. L72900KA2011PLC057931 
P: +91 80 6196 0300, F: +91 80 6196 0700 
Website: www.happiestminds.com 
Email: investors@happiestminds.com
  November 04, 2025 
Listing Compliance & Legal Regulatory 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Stock Code: 543227, 974820 & 975101 
Listing & Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
Stock Code: HAPPSTMNDS 
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on October 29, 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
read with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Second Amendment) Regulations, 
2021, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call held on October 29, 2025, post 
announcement of financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended as on 
September 30, 2025. The transcript is also uploaded on the Company’s website 
(https://www.happiestminds.com/investors). 
This is for your information and records. 
 Thanking you, 
   Yours faithfully, 
   For Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Praveen Kumar Darshankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F6706 
DARSHANKAR 
PRAVEEN KUMAR
Digitally signed by DARSHANKAR 
PRAVEEN KUMAR 
Date: 2025.11.04 15:43:01 +05'30'

Page 1 of 27 
 
 
 
“Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 29, 2025 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Ashok Soota – Chairman & Chief Mentor 
 
Mr. Joseph Anantharaju – Co-Chairman & CEO 
 
Mr. Venkatraman Narayanan – Managing Director  
 
Mr. Rajiv Shah – Executive Director   
                                  Mr. Ram Mohan –Chief Executive Officer, Infrastructure 
Management and Securities Services  
 
Mr. Sridhar Mantha –Chief Executive Officer, Generative Ai 
Business Services 
 
Mr. Anand Balakrishnan – Chief Financial Officer  
 
Ms. Priyanka Sharma – Head Investor Relations 
 
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Sushovon Nayak – Anand Rathi Institutional Equities 
 
 
 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 27 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Happiest Minds Q2 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Anand Rathi Institutional Equities. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator 
by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sushovon Nayak from Anand Rathi 
Institutional Equities. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sushovon Nayak: 
Thank you Pavan. I hope my voice is audible. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. 
Sushovon Nayak: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for the 
Q2 FY '26 earnings call of Happiest Minds Technologies Limited. On behalf of 
Anand Rathi Institutional Equities, I would like to thank the management of 
Happiest Minds for giving us the opportunity to host this earnings call. 
 
Today, we have with us Mr. Ashok Soota, Chairman and Chief Mentor; Mr. 
Joseph Anantharaju, Co-Chairman and CEO; Mr. Venkatraman Narayanan, 
Managing Director; Mr. Rajiv Shah, Executive Director; Mr. Ram Mohan, CEO, 
Infrastructure Management and Security Services; Mr. Sridhar Mantha, CEO, 
Generative AI Business Services; Mr. Anand Balakrishnan, CFO; and Ms. 
Priyanka Sharma, Head of Investor Relations. 
 
I will hand it over to Priyanka for Safe Harbor statement and to take the 
proceeding forward. Thank you, and over to you Priyanka. 
Priyanka Sharma: 
Thank you Sushovon. Good morning to all participants on the call. Welcome 
to this conference call to discuss the financial results for H1 and second 
quarter ended September 30, 2025. I'm Priyanka Sharma, Head of Investor 
Relations. We hope you had an opportunity to review the earnings release we 
issued yesterday evening. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 27 
 
 
Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Ashok will begin by sharing 
his perspective on the business environment and our results. Joseph and 
Venkat will then discuss our financial performance and operational highlights. 
Following that, we will open the floor for questions. 
 
Before we begin, let me read the Safe Harbor statement. During this call, we 
may make forward-looking statements. These statements reflect the 
environment we see as of today and involve risks and uncertainties that could 
cause actual results to differ materially. We do not undertake to update these 
statements periodically. 
 
With that, let me now hand it over to Mr. Ashok Soota. 
Ashok Soota: 
Thank you, Priyanka. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us 
today. We are really happy to share that our strong H1 FY '26 results with 
revenue growth of 11.8% in constant currency and EBITDA margin of 20.8% 
reflect the continued success of our 10 strategic transformations. These 
transformations were announced in the last quarter of FY '25 and are now 
visibly yielding these excellent results. 
 
Amongst them, the most defining organizational change was that Joseph 
Anantharaju became the Co-Chairman and CEO. I'm happy to advise that 
Joseph has really settled into his enhanced responsibilities remarkably well 
and the impact of his leadership and the structural changes he has driven are 
clearly visible in our performance this half year. 
 
Two of our strategic initiatives, in particular have been pivotal in accelerating 
growth; the creation of our generative AI business unit and our sharper focus 
on expanding Net New Accounts. The generative AI business unit has been a 
standout performer. Since its launch in October '24, it has scaled rapidly and 
become one of our key growth engines. 
 
GBS delivered 77.8% year-on-year growth in constant currency for Q2 and 
79% for H1, along with 15.3% sequential growth this quarter. This is amazing 
numbers and a clear reflection of how our customers have responded to our 
AI and Gen AI-Led solutions. What is even more heartening is that many of 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 27 
 
our solutions are highly replicable. And as we take these to other customers, 
it will lead to further accelerated growth. 
 
Equally encouraging is the momentum from our Net New Sales initiative. The 
independent sales unit has strengthened our go-to-market discipline, 
accelerated client acquisition and expanded our opportunity pipeline, 
creating a solid base for future growth. 
 
The success of these two initiatives, GBS and NN underscores the 
effectiveness of our strategic direction and validates the investments made. 
Both are deeply linked to the structure and cultural shifts Joseph has 
championed, including agility, accountability and AI-first mindset across the 
organization. 
 
Our consistent performance in a muted demand environment reaffirms the 
resilience of our AI-led offshore model. Each of our 10 transformations is now 
delivering measurable outcomes from faster decision-making and sharper 
vertical accountability to enhance productivity and operating leverage. 
 
Together, these are structurally strengthening Happiest Minds for the long 
term. I would say it's the combined impact of Joseph's leadership, the rapid 
scaling of GBS and the momentum from our NN sales engine that gives us the 
confidence and this is important. 
 
We are raising our earlier commitment, which was for three consecutive years 
of double-digit growth. We are now raising this to four continuous years of 
double-digit growth. This reflects our confidence in our pipelines. 
 
It reflects our confidence in getting accelerated growth through these 
businesses that we've talked about and the many other areas which will now 
start contributing more heavily. And it also shows the predictability of our 
business model as we proceed ahead with our AI-driven transformation 
portfolio. 
 
With that, I would like to thank all our customers, our partners, shareholders 
and mindful innovators for their continued trust and commitment. I now 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 27 
 
invite Joseph to take you through the business highlights and customer 
success stories for the quarter and the half year. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Thank you, Ashok, and good morning, everyone. We have delivered a robust 
H1 FY '26 performance with revenues of US$129.5 million, growing 11.8% in 
constant currency and delivering EBITDA margins of 20.8%, well within our 
guided range. This reflects the continued success of our 10 strategic 
transformation and reinforces our ability to deliver consistent profitable 
growth even in a challenging demand environment. 
 
In an industry context where most peers reported flat to mid-single-digit 
growth, our performance stands out, which was powered by a strong offshore 
model, domain focus and early test on Generative and Agentic AI. So let me 
begin with the demand environment. 
 
Across industries, clients are reprioritizing spend towards cost efficiency, AI-
driven productivity and digital modernization. While discretionary budgets 
remain tight, we are seeing a clear rise in investment intensity across data, 
cybersecurity and generative AI, areas where Happiest Minds is uniquely 
positioned to lead. 
 
Our Generative AI business unit continues to be a major growth driver. The 
success of this unit is evident from 22 transformative AI use cases that have 
now scaled into replicable projects, unlocking GBS-led sales potential of 
nearly $50 million over the next few years. These projects are shaping how 
enterprises adopt AI-first architecture. We are building intelligence to 
platforms and processes to deliver measurable business outcomes. 
 
As part of these initiatives, we are also discovering major challenges with the 
customers' data in terms of silos, quality and governance, leading to 
significant opportunities. At the same time, customers are also realizing the 
architecture is not optimized for AI, leading to modernization projects. Our 
investment in an independent Net New sales unit has also begun to deliver 
strong results. 
 
During H1, we added 30 new clients generating approximately $9 million in 
revenues and representing a potential of $50 million to $60 million over the 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 27 
 
next 3 years. This NN engine combines domain-led hunting with AI-powered 
account intelligence, allowing us to enter large high-quality logos and scale 
them rapidly. 
 
What's even more encouraging is that over half of these 30 new clients have 
already expanded into multiple initiatives within months of onboarding, a 
clear reflection of their confidence in us and the early cross-sell traction we 
are seeing. Let me share a few wins from Q2 that clearly demonstrate this 
traction. 
 
For a Fortune 100 insurance company, we are executing a large-scale 
database modernization and migration program, positioning ourselves as a 
strategic partner in their core technology transformation. For a global health 
tech leader in Europe, we are strengthening their cybersecurity posture 
through advanced threat analytics and zero trust architecture. 
 
For a global information services company, we are embedding generative AI 
into their quality and engineering processes, reducing cycle times and 
enhancing accuracy in test cases generation. For a US-based cloud provider, 
we won a multiyear network managed services engagement leveraging our 
cloud ops and platform engineering capabilities. 
 
From a business unit perspective, growth in H1 was well distributed with GBS 
leading the momentum, growing more than 79% in constant currency. GBS 
grew 9.6% driven by modernization and H3 transformation programs while 
IMSS delivered 3.6% growth backed by sustained demand in cybersecurity 
and cloud services. 
 
From a vertical perspective, Retail CPG, Health Care and Hi-Tech industry 
groups demonstrated strong growth during the quarter and the half and we 
expect this to continue in the second half based on the pipeline that we 
currently have. 
 
Our industry group verticalization is deepening engagement across focus 
sectors. BFSI continues to be our largest vertical powered by proprietary 
platforms such as Arttha and Insurance in a Box, enabling digital payments, 
AI-based credit scoring and Agentic AI-driven claims automation. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 27 
 
 
In EdTech, we are driving recovery through digital campus enablement, 
personalized learning path and AI-powered assessments, allowing us to target 
institutes and universities where we have small presence and can lead to 
replicable sales. 
 
In HealthTech and Life Sciences, large database migration and AI-driven 
compliance programs are fueling next-gen health care development. Retail 
and Manufacturing are benefiting from Connected Commerce and Industry 
4.0 initiatives, while Hi-Tech and Media are seeing renewed demand for Gen 
AI-based campaign management and ad-tech optimization. 
 
Geographically, the US remains our largest contributor with India and Europe 
showing steady improvement and the Middle East and Africa emerging as 
high potential AI markets. Operationally, utilization improved to 80.7%, the 
best in over 3 years. The scale achieved by GBS and the strong offshore mix 
contributed meaningfully to operating leverage and delivery excellence. 
 
Looking ahead, our priorities for H2 are clear: to deepen AI integration within 
existing accounts, continue looking for vertical use cases in gen AI and AI to 
get long-term revenues, scale net new logos into multimillion dollar 
relationships, continue focusing on a HIPO strategy to grow more million-
dollar customers and move them up the ladder and sustain profitability 
through disciplined execution and high utilization. 
 
Backed by momentum in Generative and Agentic AI and the strong visibility 
from both GBS and NN pipeline, we are, as Ashok mentioned, raising our 
growth commitment from 3 to 4 consecutive years of double-digit revenue 
growth to FY '28. 
 
With that, let me hand it over to Venkat for the financial review and outlook. 
Venkatraman Narayanan: Thank you, Joseph. Good morning, and happy Diwali to all on the call. For the 
next few minutes, I'll take you through the financials and operational 
highlights for the first half and the second quarter of '26. 
 
We have delivered another encouraging set of results at the end of the second 
quarter. When I look at the performance across the industry, I feel even more 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 27 
 
positive about how we have executed and maintained consistency despite a 
difficult environment. 
 
For the first half of FY '26, revenues stood at 129.5 million, reflecting a growth 
of 11.8% in constant currency, well aligned with our double-digit growth 
guidance for the year. The transformational changes we initiated last year are 
clearly translating into results. In rupee terms, our revenues were INR1,123 
crores, up 14% year-over-year, demonstrating healthy momentum across all 
our business units. 
 
Our total income for H1 stood at INR1,175 crores. On profitability, EBITDA was 
INR244 crores at 20.8% of revenue, comfortably within our guided range of 
20% to 22% for the year. Our operating profit at INR194 crores or 17.3% of 
revenues are broadly in line with the last year. 
 
Moving to the quarter gone by. Operating revenues of Q2 stood at 65.2 
million, growing 2.3% sequentially in constant currency. In rupees, this 
translates to [INR573] crores, up 4.3% sequentially, 10% year-over-year, aided 
by a favorable exchange rate environment. 
 
Operating profit for the quarter was INR97 crores, representing a margin of 
17% compared to 17.6% in the previous quarter. This quarter's margin reflects 
the impact of the annual pay increase with offsets coming from forex benefit, 
volume growth, efficiencies through higher utilization and lower attrition. 
 
Just as a point, gross margins improved to 37.2% compared to 36.7% in the 
last quarter and 36% a year ago. Most of this gain has been reinvested into 
scaling our Generative AI business unit and the New sales engines -- which are 
now showing tangible business traction. 
 
Speaking of these investments, our business, our GBS broke even last quarter 
and continues to deliver strong growth, improved margin and higher 
utilization this quarter. The team has built an impressive portfolio of 22 use 
cases and replicable solutions, representing a revenue potential of over $50 
million in the next 3 to 4 years. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 27 
 
 
Our Net New sales unit is now operating at an annualized run rate of about 
$20 million. We have signed over 30 new clients in H1, half year 1 with a 
collective revenue potential of almost $50 million to $60 million over the next 
couple of years. These early outcomes validate the strength of our new 
business model. 
 
Our EBITDA margin for Q2 stood at 20.2% within the guided range of 20% to 
22%. With continued efficiency initiatives and cost optimization, we expect 
gradual improvement in both operating margin and EBITDA as we move into 
the second half. 
 
Now turning to some operational metrics. Company-wide utilization 
improved to 80.7%, the highest in the last 3 years and compared to 78.9% in 
Q1. Within that, GBS utilization has improved sharply from 40.8% to almost 
62%, reflecting scale and operational leverage. We ended the quarter with 
6,554 Happiest Minds, a net addition of 31 over the previous quarter and 
gross hiring numbers of 264. 
 
Our DSO has improved from 91 days in the previous quarter to about 88 days 
and we continue to work towards further improving this. Our capital return 
ratios have consistently remained strong with ROCE and ROE steady at 23% 
and 14%, reflecting our efficient capital management practices. Attrition 
continues to moderate. It has come down to 17.4% from 18.2% in Q1. This is 
on a trailing 12-month basis, and this is a trend that we hope to sustain. 
 
Let me address a topic that has been widely discussed, which is the recent H1-
B visa policy developments. I would like to emphasize that our exposure here 
is rather, let's say, negligible. In the past 12 months, , we have only had two 
professionals traveling to the US on H1-B visas. Our strong offshore delivery 
model and diversified geography mix have insulated us well from such 
external changes. 
 
Given our healthy cash flows and strong balance sheet, the Board has 
declared dividend of INR2.75. Looking ahead, our focus remains on 
accelerating 
growth 
in 
AI, 
cloud, 
cybersecurity 
and 
data-driven 
transformation across our key verticals while maintaining financial discipline 
and margin resilience. Our aspirations for FY '26 remain unchanged. It is to 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 27 
 
deliver double-digit revenue growth in constant currency and maintain our 
EBITDA in the 20% to 22%... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt sir, but we are losing your audio in between, sir. Sorry to 
interrupt, sir. May I request you to please re-read the last sentence that we 
lost that audio in between, sir. 
Venkatraman Narayanan: 
Yes. Our aspiration for FY '26 remain unchanged and it is to deliver double-
digit revenue growth in constant currency, sustain EBITDA margins in the 20% 
to 22% range. With continued investments in talent, AI and operational 
excellence, we are confident of delivering sustainable and profitable Growth 
in the quarters ahead. 
 
Thank you for your time and continued trust. I will now hand it over to the 
moderator to open it up for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question comes from the line of Aditi Patil from ICICI Securities. 
Aditi Patil: 
So my first question is on what has led to the decline in this quarter in our 
Infrastructure and Security Services and Financial Services vertical. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Ram, you want to take that Ram. 
Ram Mohan: 
On the Infrastructure and Security side, we had one of the large customers 
who is actually going through a new proposal and some of the things which 
we were supposed to continue with some of the deals have stopped because 
of the new proposal. So that is one reason. 
 
And the second reason is there was one of the deals which actually was 
supposed to happen in the quarter 2 has been pushed to quarter 3. So these 
are the two reasons why we had a little less growth in the Infrastructure and 
Security business. 
 
But on the other hand, we have seen some good progress and we are -- our 
pipeline is looking good for quarter 3. And we believe that we will be able to 
improvise in quarter 3 going forward. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 27 
 
Ashok Soota: 
Sure. And if I can just add, Ram out here, we should also note that Q1 had 
increased by 7.23%. So in a way, it's kind of still very much in the plus if you 
look at these variations. And then with these changes, which Ram has talked 
about, we should be very much into getting back on to a good growth path. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Aditi, addressing BFSI, addressing your question on BFSI, overall, we still 
continue to be quite bullish and we see good traction in the BFSI space. The 
slight drop that you see on a quarter-on-quarter basis, which is a little bit of 
an anomaly because we've been growing otherwise over the last few quarters 
is for two reasons. 
 
One is our Artha banking platform, some of the deals that we had that we 
expect to close during the quarter, we couldn't sign the contract and 
therefore, recognize the revenues in Q2, and they've got that right shifted 
into Q3. So we should be able to recognize those revenues in Q3. 
 
And we also -- you'll also notice that APAC had a little bit of a drop during the 
quarter, and that's come in the BFSI space. One of our large customers out 
there had a temporary ramp down and they're going to start this back in the 
new year when they get their additional budgets. And therefore, you will see 
that the overall performance of BFSI will get back to positive trends in the 
second half of the year. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. Got it. And my third question is on -- can you give more color on how 
our win rate and pipeline has improved post our focus on the winning Net 
New large deals and also how the size of deals has improved? 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
So I'll first address the pipeline at a broader level. And if I'm not mistaken, you 
asked how our Generative AI pipeline has improved, right? 
Aditi Patil: 
Net new... 
Ashok Soota: 
The Net New. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Net New, okay. Net new. So overall, our pipeline, if you look at it at the end 
of the quarter was around 20%, 25% higher than what it was at the beginning 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 27 
 
of the quarter. And this represents, I would say, progress on multiple fronts 
NN. And I'll come to how NN is looking. Generative AI, which we touched upon 
in our commentary where we had the 22 use cases and we're looking at $50 
million of revenue over the next 3 to 4 years. So very positive about that. 
 
And Ram touched on the IMSS opportunity, some of the large RFPs that we 
are addressing and overall, our HIPO strategy, that's also giving dividends and 
adding to the pipeline. So when we look at our NN initiative, the team has just 
come together finally during the quarter. We had quite a few -- we had a 
couple of people that joined during the quarter. And I think it's creditable that 
in spite of the team not being fully formed, we were able to close 30 new 
logos during the first half of the year. 
 
And many of these logos are Fortune 500, Fortune Global 1000 customers, 
and we are very positive that we will be able to convert these into million-
dollar customers, which is why we are projecting out that the $9 million that 
we've done in the first half of the year from these customers will translate 
into $50 million to $60 million over the next 3 to 4 years. And this is reflective 
of the pipeline. 
 
Now having said the $9 million, we expect the trend to continue into the 
second half. The team has got quite a few new opportunities. Some of them 
are really large in multimillion dollars, and we expect this to be one of our 
growth drivers both in the second half and for the next 3 to 4 years. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Dhanshree Jadhav from Choice 
Institutional Equities. 
Dhanshree Jadhav: 
Good Morning everyone and congrats on great set of numbers. So my 
question was we are talking about double-digit growth. The first half has 
already been done with. So should we see -- as we see some of the deals have 
been pushed over in third -- okay, continue to Q2, should we see Q3 and Q4 
and top line should be better than what we have seen in last 2 quarters? And 
then we are talking about the $50 million of gradual improvisation in the 
dollar 9 million-- size of client revenue. So what will be the time line for that 
if I can get? 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 27 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Venkat, do you want to take that? 
Venkatraman Narayanan: 
Yes. So we should be able to do a decent quarter in Q3. One is obviously the 
trend of the pipeline is good. On top of that, yes, in IMSS, we had a slippage 
from Q2 to Q3, which is, again, a security deal, which is almost in place right 
now and we are reasonably confident that we'll have that done in Q3. So 
that's one on IMSS. 
 
The second point is the aspect of Arttha banking deals, which we -- which did 
not happen in Q2 those are also most likely, we are very confident that they 
will also happen because Arttha banking is seasonally strong in Q3 and Q4. So 
that will happen in Q3 and Q4. So we are confident that, that will also happen. 
Yes, Dhanshree, to a certain extent, the trend of improvement in volume 
growth will be aided by these 2 couple of -- these 2 deals, which comes into 
the next quarter. 
Ashok Soota: 
And Venkat, I could just add that Gen AI will clearly all the use cases which we 
have signed up, many of them will be starting billing in Q3 and Q4. 
Venkatraman Narayanan: 
That's right Ashok. Did that answer your question? 
 Dhanshree Jadhav:                Yes, thankyou 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sushovon Nayak from Anand Rathi 
Institutional Equities. 
Sushovon Nayak: 
So if I remove the impact of the other income, what you service is that your 
margins have actually improved versus the last quarter. If you could just 
possibly help us quantify what would be the impact of currency, wage hike, 
that would be helpful. 
Venkatraman Narayanan: Yes. So Sushovon, we have given -- we have started reporting operating 
margin, taking off any sort of a noise from the other income. So, at an 
operating margin level, we are at about 17% compared to 17.6% and 17.3% 
with versus last quarter -- 17.9% and 17.6% in the last quarter of the last year. 
 
Now we did have exchange rate benefit. Net exchange rate benefit was in the 
region of about INR10 crores because we had forex losses also. On our 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 27 
 
forwards, we follow a structured approach, a ladder approach. So we had 
losses. Our pay increases were in the region of about INR11 crores to INR12 
crores. So if you set off that, the rest of it has come from the benefits that we 
talked about utilization and the improvement in attrition and GBS doing 
better. 
 
Now to give you a color of all of this, that's why I alluded to the gross margin. 
If you look at our investor presentation, that's there in entire P&L data sheet 
we have given the gross margins. We did see a perk of gross margin to 37.2%. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Aditi Patil from ICICI Securities. 
Aditi Patil: 
Thank you for the follow-up opportunity. This quarter, we had cross currency 
headwinds of around 111 bps. Can you help us understand what has led to 
this headwind? This is higher than what we have seen for other peers in the 
industry? 
Venkatraman Narayanan: You mean headwinds? I just quantified the... 
Aditi Patil: 
On the revenue side. 
Venkatraman Narayanan: So we didn't have a headwind. We had a benefit, right? So benefit was about, 
if I remember my numbers right, INR15 crores or INR16 crores, net of the 
forex loss that we take on realized forwards, that would be about INR7 crores, 
net of about INR9 crores to INR10 crores is the gain that we got into the 
margin. On to the top line, in rupee terms, it is about INR16 crores, if my 
number is right. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. I was referring to USD growth of like 1.2% versus CC growth of 2.3% in 
Q-o-Q terms, difference between these 2 numbers? 
Venkatraman Narayanan: That is because if you look at it, our growth has substantially come from 
geographies outside of US, while US has remained steady. In the geo split, we 
are at about 60% compared to the 59.3% for some last quarter. We have 
touched 60% this quarter. So the growth that has come is largely from the 
geographies of India, Middle East, APAC. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 27 
 
 
And when you consider in the dollar, we have been able to do those 
currencies have remained -- have done better. So on a constant currency 
basis, that has helped us show the growth. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. Okay. My next question was on the outlook on our SG&A costs. So for 
last 2 years, we have been, like our SG&A costs have been growing higher on 
year-on-year terms versus revenue. And would this intensity continue? And 
what would be the key spend areas in SG&A going forward? 
Venkatraman Narayanan: Our SG&A has been primarily in putting the new sales engine in place, Aditi. 
So that's something that started early last year, and the team is almost now 
fully in place. The second thing is we also got into verticalization last year and 
when you get into verticalization, you have certain SG&A cost that's required 
because now the sales structure is one-off. The New-New sales opportunities 
are opened by the New-New sales team and they are followed in by the 
verticals and then you get in the presales. So you've got a couple of layers that 
are added to the business and business support layer, which has added to this 
cost. 
 
But like I called out in my speaking notes, we are looking to bring in 
efficiencies now that things are stabilizing, looking at how to manage these 
costs. I would don't want to use the word control, but manage these costs to 
get more efficiencies from them. So that's on the SG&A. But we are looking 
at it very carefully and hopefully, it will not be a linear trend. It's not expected 
to be a linear trend also. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
And some of these other things we should look at as investments, Venkat 
alluded to the industry groups that once you got client and bring in an industry 
group and in each industry group, there are typically subindustry or sub 
domains, right? 
 
Like if you look at BFSI, you have banking, you have capital markets, you'll 
have insurance. If you look at health care, there will be life sciences, pharma 
providers. And each of these sub domains have their own specific needs and 
requirements. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 27 
 
 
So you need to get sub domain heads who can talk that language to 
customers, take a consultative approach. And those revenues from these 
investments are increasing. And over a period of time, they will outweigh the 
cost and we'll get returns on them. So that's one, right? 
 
The second is realizing the state of the market, we've pushed our domain 
technology leaders and our salespeople to travel more and be at the customer 
location and have more in-person meeting. I think this is leading to much 
more stronger relationships and identifying opportunity as reflected in our 
growth. 
 
And the third point I want to touch on from an SG&A perspective is that we 
are also investing heavily in marketing and events. We've got an NN sales 
team, as Venkat pointed out, which is a fair bit of the SG&A cost that has 
increased over the last year. 
 
And having made such investments, I think we need to enable them with the 
tools, getting them to events where they can meet with prospective 
customers. So all of this, I look at as investments start paying off. 
 
As you see the 30 logos that we closed, we are projecting that over 3 years, it 
will yield us $50 million revenues also. So I look at it a little differently. But 
having said that, as Venkat pointed out, we will look at where we can manage 
our cost as well. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. Got it. Okay. And my next question was on Gen AI BU. So can you give 
more color about how the nature of work has evolved over past 1 year in 
terms of size of deals, complexity of the deals and nature of contracts, 
whether they are T&M or outcome-based? 
Sridhar Mantha: 
Sure. So thanks for the question. This is Sridhar. I'll address each one. For 
example, the nature of the deal from the T&M and fixed bids point of view, 1 
year back when we initially, 1.5 years back when we initially started working, 
we actually had approximately 80% of the projects going as fixed bids because 
most of the projects in the initial stages for POCs, somewhat reasonably well 
defined and customers also not willing to put a lot of money. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 27 
 
 
So from that stage at this point in time, we started moving more and more 
into external engineering team, 1 year quad structure, which typically is like 
5 to 6 people kind of quad structure, one commitment from the customer. So 
we started moving into that direction. However, compared to the rest of the 
company, we still are approximately 50% fixed bids compared to the external 
engineering team. 
 
Typically, the rest of the organization of Happiest clients is around 9% to 10% 
of the fixed bids. So we also want to work on longer engagements because 
the customers are also getting clarity. It is no longer a 2, 3 months prototype 
let us see and wait. They're committing for the 1-year road maps, etcetera. 
Now in terms that's the last question that you asked. 
 
And in terms of the scope of the work and the nature of the work, right? So 
two things are happening. One is, of course, the Agentic AI came like a storm, 
layering on the top of the LLM technologies, etc. And also we are working on 
complex use cases along with the platform development. So we started 
seeing integrated deals and which are larger ticket price for Happiest Minds. 
 
This Generative AI plus AI use cases that part alone reaching closer to million 
in a couple of deals that started making us to believe that we slowly started 
crossing the inflection point of the technology adoption, and that's where 
Ashok, Joseph and Venkat alluded that we have much higher confidence 
about the replicable sales of having larger ticket deals. 
 
The last point I want to add is about the replicable sales, right? Now with this 
technology, we started seeing the same use case being asked by multiple 
customers. I take something very simple like a virtual tutor, something all of 
us can understand, right? Now every EduTech company requires a virtual 
tutor kind of use cases. Now similarly, across multiple domains, multiple use 
cases where we already have customer success and taking them to the 
market. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. That color is helpful. And I had a next question on the EduTech vertical. 
So that has been the revenue in that vertical has been ramping down since 
last few quarters. When should we expect the revenue run rate to stabilize? 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 27 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Yes, I think your observation is right. And as I have shared in the previous 
earnings call, that's a segment that has had a little bit of challenges over the 
last couple of years. Having said that, I think some of the headwinds that we 
were facing I think by Q3, we should see bottoming out. 
 
But on the other hand, as I pointed out in my commentary, we are seeing 
opportunities based on Gen AI in a new segment, in the Institution and 
University segment, where the scope to manage the student life cycle and 
their experience and improve their engagement and actuation rate offers us 
a huge scope for replicable sales across many institutions and universities. 
 
This quarter, we managed to get a multimillion dollar -- close to $3 million 
SOW with one of the leading management institutes in Asia for implementing 
an end-to-end solution and a platform for them. And this is something that 
this experience we can take to other universities. And this is based on a 
consulting exercise that we have done in the previous quarter. 
 
On similar lines, but much limited scope, we've signed one of the universities 
in US to do a consulting exercise, which we expect will lead to implementation 
over a multiple year cycle starting next quarter. And the end goal is to see if 
we can take over their entire infrastructure and application and run it for 
them while they focus on educating their students. 
 
And we are also in discussions with a couple of universities in Canada on 
similar lines. And we believe that once we have some experience, we could 
even look at building some of these solutions and modules that we could take 
to universities, and this should allow us to see a recovery in the EduTech 
segment going forward. This systemic strategy that we are doing and we're 
already seeing results on this Aditi. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sushovon Nayak from Anand Rathi 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Sushovon Nayak: 
Just a couple of questions. Sir, are you seeing any productivity-related 
benefits pass through on account of Gen AI, which may potentially impact the 
pricing or the margins for that matter of fact? That's one. And if you could 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 27 
 
also give us some flavor about how the PureSoftware as well as the Aureus 
acquisitions are now faring? Just wanted to know. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Sure. So if you look at our, if you break up our whole Gen AI strategy into 2, 
one is demand as well as supply. And the supply is, how do we bring in some 
of these productivity tools to increase the productivity of our engineers. And 
in our fixed price projects, we are making sure that we include gen AI at the 
core at the proposal stage and base our estimation of the productivity 
enhancements that we get from using these tools. And I'll come back to an 
offering that we have, which is also interesting. 
 
And what we are doing here is we are sharing the productivity enhancement 
and the benefits that we get with the customer. So we keep part of it because 
there's a cost of training, cost of tools, etcetera. And we pass on part of the 
benefits to the customer, right? 
 
And from a pricing perspective, for Gen AI-based project, what we are seeing 
is that we're getting 20% to 25% premium over our standard rate card. And 
this is just the demand supply and the outcome that these initiatives and our 
team is able to drive, right? So that was the first question. Can you just repeat 
the second question, please? Okay. So I think both of them are progressing 
really well, as we can see in our BFSI performance over the last few quarters, 
it's been growing quarter-on-quarter. 
 
And both of them are heavily leveraging some of the capabilities that they did 
not have within their own units, things like security, data and analytics, AI and 
especially Gen AI. So we've been able to do a fair bit of cross-selling of these 
skills and capabilities to some of PureSoftware and Aureus customers. 
 
And we're looking at how to take some of our domain capabilities because 
being smaller, they've not really verticalized. But as we verticalized 2 years 
back and we built fair bit of domain capabilities. So we're able to take these 
capabilities and take a more consultative approach, take up the stream in 
terms of discussions and drive value and become a much more value-adding 
partner to some of these customers. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 27 
 
 
At the same time, we are working closely with both of these companies on 2 
of their solutions. And with PureSoftware, we've been working on Arttha 
banking platform, making investments into the platform to take it first into 
India. And as we speak, we are working with a couple of cooperative banks 
out here to implement this Arttha banking platform for these 2 cooperative 
banks. 
 
We are also have Insurance in a Box platform that we worked jointly with 
Aureus. We should be signing a few customers by end of this month in Africa. 
And this will be a 5-year deal that will give us an ARR of at least $500,000 just 
for these 3 customers, and there are multiple other customers out there. 
 
So I think overall, there's bit of synergies and there's value being driven both 
ways from the Happiest Minds organization to PureSoftware and Aureus and 
we're taking some of their capabilities and taking it to our customers. 
Sushovon Nayak: 
If I may just ask a couple of other questions. 
Priyanka Sharma: 
Sushovon you need to be louder. 
Sushovon Nayak: 
If I may ask a couple of other questions, is that -- is my voice audible now? 
Ashok Soota: 
Yes. 
Sushovon Nayak: 
So any reason for the other income having significantly reduced this quarter? 
And the other bit is on the segments, Retail and Manufacturing segment, 
while most of the other larger peers have maintained a comparatively weaker 
commentary on these 2 segments, we observe that both these segments have 
done really well. Any particular reason for that? If you could just give us some 
color on that? 
Venkatraman Narayanan: 
Other income is an easy answer. The other income is an easy answer. It's 
essentially we have got 80% or 70% of our investments into mutual funds, 
which has been doing very well. But thanks to the trade and the tariff tussle 
that was happening last quarter, we had a little bit of buffeting of returns, 
now which is back to 8% plus. We touched 6% and thereabouts last quarter. 
So that's the only reason. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 27 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
I'll take Retail and Manufacturing and both separately and give you a little bit 
of view. As you rightly pointed out, Retail has grown really well. If you look at 
from Q1 to Q2, the growth is almost 10%. And there are 2, 3 reasons that have 
driven this growth. You also noticed that Europe has grown quarter-on-
quarter, right? And there's a correlation between the 2 actually because some 
of the deals that we closed in Europe during the quarter were in the Retail 
CPG space. 
 
One of them is one of the largest players in natural food. The other one is one 
of the largest bottlers for a leading beverage manufacturer in Europe, right? 
So both of these engagements started. There's a -- the bottler is a Gen AI use 
case that we are implementing for them. And if you want some details, we 
could provide that. Whereas the other company that I talked about, we are 
doing multiple projects for them on data, on gen AI and on business 
intelligence. 
 
We're also seeing traction in Australia with retail customers. We have quite a 
few of the leading retail companies in Australia as a customer and we added 
a couple more during the quarter. And couple of others that we had, we have 
also ramped up. And that's why you're seeing an increase in revenues for the 
Retail and CPG segment. 
 
So for Manufacturing, one of our large customers in India, we saw an uptick 
in revenues. I think it was a little cyclical probably. They had dropped during 
Q1, and we saw that inflow of projects that we are able to execute. 
 
Now having said that, the revenue from Manufacturing stand-alone, we 
typically look at Manufacturing and Industrial together is around $2 million 
and it's gone up by to around $2.1 million. So it's around $130,000, not that 
much, but the reason is this India automotive company where we're able to 
get additional projects and that has resulted in the growth. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vinesh Vala from HDFC Securities. 
Vinesh Vala: 
 Given the strong operational performance during this quarter. So, my 
question I have a few questions. One was related to the geography. The US 
geography during this quarter had shown a sequential improvement after the 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 27 
 
three quarters of decline. So the question was, is there any spending pattern 
change or still the deals are related to the cost optimization deal or Gen AI 
focused deals are coming in? 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Sure. So if you look at US, as you rightly pointed out, we had around 3% 
increase quarter-on-quarter in revenues. I would attribute this to 3 reasons, 
right? The first, as you rightly pointed out, is Gen AI, and you see it in the Gen 
AI numbers. Quite a bit of our majority of our gen AI revenues come from US, 
and that has contributed. So gen AI has contributed to the growth in the US 
geo. 
 
We also talked about NN, right? And the NN team that we've created 
separately, we started with US and India because between the 2, they account 
for 80% of our revenues. And if you see both India and US have grown quite 
well. So if you go back to the statement that we made that the 30 logos that 
we've signed, they yielded $9 million revenues in the first half. The majority 
of that has come from US and that again has contributed to the growth that 
you see. 
 
And that's the reason we're feeling bullish and projecting $50 million over 3 
years 3 to 4 years from these logos that we've closed. We're also seeing initial 
positive signs from our HIPO strategy where we've had a couple of customers 
that had grown based on focused mining effort. 
 
But in terms of spend, we've seen more of at least the deals that we've closed, 
the revenues we've got based more on AI and Gen AI-based initiatives. We 
had a couple of consolidation deals, the one that I talked about where we 
were able to grow significantly through account mining. 
 
That was a consolidation that we were able to engineer with the customer 
cost savings that we're able to drive back to the customer productivity 
enhancements. But more of our needs and requirements we are seeing in AI 
and gen AI and data space. 
Vinesh Vala: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Another one was regarding the furloughs. How do we expect 
the furloughs in the next quarter? Do we have a seasonality impact of normal 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 27 
 
furloughs? Or do we expect that it to be higher? And another one was on the 
utilization. 
As you pointed out, our utilization has improved to 80%, which is highest in 
past 3 years. So do we expect that to improve further and which would be 
adding our margins going ahead? And what would be the comfortable range 
of utilization going ahead? 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Sure. So if you look at furloughs, we typically get minimally impacted. It's too 
early to talk about it because customers come back to you only towards the 
end of second half of November or first week of December. 
 
But as I see the customers that we have and the nature of engagement, my 
belief is that we should not be impacted by furloughs because a lot of the 
work that we are doing are quite critical and customers need to get these 
initiatives and these projects out and into production to customers and to the 
employees. 
 
So I don't believe we'll have much of an impact from furloughs. We have taken 
a goal of getting utilization above 80% and I'm very gratified to note that it's 
at 80.7% and we expect to keep it at this level and if possible to move it slightly 
up as well, right because there are still pockets and we are approaching this 
in a segmented manner, looking at specific skill sets and development centers 
and seeing how we can push up utilization. 
 
So there could be scope for 1% or so. But from a margin perspective, I think 
we maintain the 20% to 22% EBITDA that we've consistently committed to 
and which we will deliver on. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Ruchi Makhija from ICICI Securities. 
Ruchi Makhija: 
It's been a year or more than a year since we acquired Aureus and 
PureSoftware. Could you summarize the integration and the synergy benefit 
from these two acquisitions? 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Sure. I kind of touched on this a little earlier, but I'll kind of, I'll recap what I 
talked about. See both Aureus and PureSoft, Aureus was stronger in the 
insurance space and PureSoft was stronger in the banking area, right? And 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 24 of 27 
 
they had their own strength, own platform engineering, which is Arttha 
Banking and one of the reasons we acquired both of these companies apart 
from the fact that they really augmented and enhanced our BFSI capabilities 
and presence in the market. 
 
But there were also areas that both of these companies did not have 
capabilities and hence were leaving opportunities on the table for instance, 
security, infrastructure, gen AI, analytics, these are areas where we've been 
able to identify opportunity and do more of cross-selling. 
 
But at the same time, some of the domain skills that both Aureus and PureSoft 
have, whether it's in insurance or in banking is something we've been able to 
take to some of our existing customers. But more importantly, to some of the 
new prospects that the NN team is working with. 
 
We are able to take some of the experts from both of these companies and 
have them join the sales team and represent the domain capabilities out 
there and enhancing and increasing our probability of winning these deals. 
And we won a few of these deals in both insurance and banking space. 
 
Again, on the platform, as you know, PureSoftware has Arttha as banking 
platform. And we've been working closely with the architect of the platform, 
the business owner to make investments in the platform to take it to market 
starting in India because they don't have any presence in India. 
 
Currently, the customers are in Southeast Asia and Africa. And as we speak, 
we have a couple of POCs or I would say, semi-implementation going on for a 
couple of cooperative banks. And this should open up the India market for 
Arttha, which is something that we are helping drive along with the 
PureSoftware leaders. 
 
On Aureus, we've put together an Insurance in a Box. Some of the ideas and 
thoughts came from Happiest Minds, some of it came from Aureus. And we're 
taking this as a platform to MGAs starting this South Africa, where we already 
have pre-committed customers and the business model is ARR based on 5-
year deals, right? 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 25 of 27 
 
 
And there are multiple other such MGAs that we can cross-sell into. And then 
we look at how do we get into other countries and other viewers or 
continents. And so that's the other area where we are expecting synergies out 
of these two acquisitions. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Dhanshree Jadhav from Choice 
Institutional Equities. 
Dhanshree Jadhav: 
My question was on pricing. We said that in Gen AI, we have been able to get 
a 25% increase in pricing. So just wanted to know other than Gen AI, how is 
the pricing conversation as of now with the clients? Some data points if you 
can share there? And my second question is on hiring plans for the current 
year. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Can you repeat the question. It wasn't very clear. Can you please repeat it? 
Dhanshree Jadhav: 
Yes. On pricing, we said that in Gen AI, we are getting a premium of 25% as of 
now. So just wanted to understand how this has been the blended or other 
than Gen AI, how is the pricing and the conversation with the clients as of now 
and our hiring plans? 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Sure. So this is a blended or average rate, right? The rate range could vary 
from anywhere from 32% to 45% or 50%. And again, it varies between the 
customers who we see have huge potential and therefore, sometimes make 
semi-investment, which and of course, be -- but what we get out of that is an 
entry into these customers. And at the same time, it also helps build some of 
the replicable use cases that we talked about, right? 
 
Once we are able to implement it, we understand what it takes, what are the 
customer requirements. And so that's how we arrived at that 20% to 25% 
premium on the standard rates or the average rates that we get for the rest 
of the business. 
 
In terms of hiring plans, I think it's good to track the pipeline and the revenue 
growth. We did a headcount increase of 31 in Q2. As I mentioned earlier, we 
still see a little scope for increasing our utilization. So we'll have to factor that 
in and then reflect it on our growth to project out our hiring plan. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 26 of 27 
 
 
But my expectation is that we will be we'll continue adding headcount both 
in Q3 and Q4 because we have a good pipeline. And as Venkat pointed out 
earlier, we are optimistic on our revenues and performance for Q3. 
Dhanshree Jadhav: 
And when should we start reporting the TCV numbers like or the bookings? 
Venkatraman Narayanan: We have not been reporting TCV because that's been it's not a consistent 
number that we have. It's a there has been reasons such we have clearly given 
out as in the in our previous calls. There is no uniform formula into how these 
things are communicated. It's just numbers which are cited at a point in time. 
 
Rather, we give out numbers of our repeat business, we give you our new-
new business numbers. We give out our pipeline as a percentage of where we 
stand. But TCV number, it doesn't make too much of a -- at least from our 
side, we thought it doesn't make too much of a sense. That's why we've not 
been giving it. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Just to add to what Venkat said, many of our opportunities or revenues come 
from more of land and expand. And so let's say, a couple of examples I gave 
where we did discovery a consulting exercise. We typically will do it at maybe 
$100,000 to $200,000, but the implementation would be a few million. 
 
So would you have TCV at $2 million or $2.2 million or $3.2 million and you 
don't know the 3 million you do your consulting exercise and go to the 
customer. And that's the reason why we -- because we don't want to paint 
muddy or confused picture, we want to be consistent. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to Ms. Priyanka Sharma for closing comments. 
Over to you, ma'am. 
Priyanka Sharma: 
Thank you all for joining us today. We sincerely thank Anand Rathi for hosting 
this call on our behalf. We look forward to continued engagement with all our 
investors and analysts. For any follow-up queries, please feel free to reach out 
to the Investor Relations team. 
 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 27 of 27 
 
 
 
This is Priyanka Sharma signing off, and you can reach out to us on 
ir@happiestminds.com Thank you once again, and have a great day, guys. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Anand Rathi Institutional Equities, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
Please note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
