 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 14-11-2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services,  
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544244 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Name: GALAPREC 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held  for the quarter and Half year ended 
September 30, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Company’s Earnings 
Call held on May 29, 2025, regarding discussion on operational and financial 
performance for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025 (Q2 & FY26) is 
enclosed herewith. 
 
Please take the same on your records. 
 
Thanks & Regards, 
For Gala Precision Engineering Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pooja Ladha 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: 
 
POOJA 
LADHA
Digitally signed by POOJA LADHA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=c0f66915b1494a399f469ab7455
2698c, 
2.5.4.20=c60964b3436e63c116983b2e2c67c2
2f49e096ce26c80d4b711e98ad8ac268dc, 
postalCode=400610, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
serialNumber=2b122bd2c557885cddb303d2f
7b0b82b6f904c9e93faf000009770ad01cb6f2e
, cn=POOJA LADHA 
Date: 2025.11.14 15:38:20 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
Gala Precision Engineering Limited  
Q2 and H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Gala Precision Engineering Limited Q2 
FY2023 and H1 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Valorem Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj 
Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you, and over to you sir. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Good morning everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj Sonpal from Valorem 
Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Gala Precision Engineering Limited. 
On behalf of the company and Valorem Advisors, I would like to thank you all for participating 
in the company's Earnings Call for the 2nd Quarter and first half of Financial Year ending 2026.  
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made 
by and information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to 
place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decisions. The purpose of today's Earnings Call is purely to educate and bring awareness about 
the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings call, 
and hand it over to them for opening remarks. Firstly, we have with us Mr. Kirit Gala – Chairman 
and Managing Director; Mr. Balkishan Jalan – Whole-time Director; Mr. Satish Kotwani – 
Whole-time Director; and Mr. Srinivasan Giridhar – Chief Financial Officer. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Kirit Gala to start with his opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Kirit Gala: 
Hi, very good morning to all of you. This is the Earnings Call for Q2 and H1 for Financial Year 26. 

 
Page 2 of 14 
In the interest of some of the people who are new to the company, let me first give a brief 
overview of our organization. Gala Precision is a preferred manufacturer of high-quality 
precision components. We serve various sectors, mainly renewable energy, industrial and 
mobility and geographically, we are focused on three areas, India, of course, Europe and USA. 
We supply to OEM, Tier-1 and Channel Partners. We manufacture around 750 SKUs to serve 
around 175 active global customers across 25 countries. And, of course, our capabilities are in 
advanced technologies and integrated capabilities for designing, developing and 
manufacturing this product portfolio. To further strengthen our manufacturing footprint and 
expand the product range, we have established a new facility in Chennai. This plant will focus 
on producing various high-tensile fasteners, including bolts. These are mainly complementing 
the existing products. During the quarter, our operations continued to progress strongly across 
business segments. The fastener division delivered the strongest results, with revenue for the 
first half of 2026 standing at Rs. 44 crores, registering 84% year-on-year increase. The disc 
spring segment maintained healthy momentum, but the order booking has been 30% higher 
on a year-on-year basis. 
Also, we have a very strong pipeline of new product development across all the segments, with 
a focus on higher value components and export-oriented opportunities. The key development 
during this period was the introduction of new bolt and nut products, addressing a global 
market opportunity of more than a billion dollars. We have already secured pilot orders for this 
product, and there is a strong validation of our design and engineering capabilities. At our 
Chennai factory, we are really happy that post-IPO, we really accelerated this implementation 
of the project, and we are happy to inform you that we started from 1 crore sales in August, 
now targeting 4 crore sales by September per month. This plant has been successfully audited 
and approved by more than 10 global customers, and trust me, most of the customers are 
really happy to see the modern technology and the commitment of people. So, this is a very 
interesting development, very promising in terms of future growth. Overall, we are pleased 
with the operational momentum and the steady progress, with our strategic priority on 
innovation, customer diversification and capacity expansion. 
With this, now I hand over to CFO, Mr. Giridhar, who will take you through the financial 
highlights of the period under review. Thank you so much. 
Srinivasan Giridhar: 
Thank you, Kirit Bhai. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the earnings call today. Let me 
provide a brief overview of the financial performance for the second quarter and first half of 
Financial Year 2026. For the quarter under review, consolidated revenue from operations stood 
at around INR 71 crores, reflecting a 40% year-on-year increase. EBITDA for the quarter was 
around INR 11 crores, up 17% year-on-year, with EBITDA margins of 15.41%. Net profits stood 
at INR 8 crores, representing a 59% year-on-year growth, with PAT margins at 11.76%. For the 
first half of financial year 2026, revenue from operations stood at INR 134 crores, reflecting a 
healthy 29% year-on-year growth. EBITDA for the period stood at INR 21 crores, up 3% year-
on-year, with EBITDA margins at 15.46%. Net profit for the first half stood at INR 15 crores, 

 
Page 3 of 14 
registering a 30% year-on-year increase, with PAT margins improving to 11.08%. EBITDA 
margins during the period were partly impacted by change in production along with higher raw 
material labor costs, including job work and freight costs. Additionally, other expenses, 
including forward contract losses, also contributed to the impact. 
With this, we can now open the floor for the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Lakshmi Narayanan from Tunga Investments. Please go ahead. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Thank you. A few questions. I want to understand what is the customer concentration we have? 
You talked about 175 customers. So, what would be the top 5 customers who would actually 
contribute to us and the second question is that, in general, what is our repeat business? When 
I say repeat business, I am talking about revenues from the same set of customers who have 
been there for the last year. The third question I have is that I want to understand your tax 
rates. What is the rate one should actually assume? The next question is regarding cash flows. 
I see that your operating cash flows is kind of muted because inventories are high. So, I just 
want to understand how to read about it. These are my questions. 
Satish Kotwani: 
So, I will answer the first two questions. So, in general, top 5 customers contribute about 30 to 
35% of sales and top 10 customers contribute around 50% of the sales. Every year, normally, 
our sales is driven by repeat business or which we call existing customer, existing part business. 
Second category is new parts from the existing customer and third is totally new customers. 
So, normally, depending on the year or quarter, we have about 80 to 82% coming from existing 
customer, existing parts, which broadly we can say the regular repeat business. About 10% 
business is coming from new items which are supplied to existing customers and approximately 
8 to 10% of business is coming from new customers, mainly for our springs and fasteners 
category. So, this is broad classification of customers and repeat business. For tax, I think Giri 
can answer. 
Balkishan Jalan: 
I can answer. I am Jalan here. Tax rate, we are in the new regime of income tax and as per new 
regime, the 25% tax rate is applicable. But nevertheless, whatever legitimate tax planning we 
can do, we try to bring this tax 25% by 2-3 basis point. So, this again depends upon year to year, 
what type of tax plan we can achieve. So, you can safely assume something between 20 to 25% 
or 22.5% for safer side. As far as the cash flow is concerned, you are right. The operation cash 
flow is under pressure, and the major reasons are two. One is historical also. If you see, then 
historical also, inventory used to be 120 days because quarter and quarter or year and year 
when we are growing and we are adding more and more product. So, because of new product 
development, because of the growth, we have to keep inventory for the coming year. Second, 
the other reason which in earlier call also I explained. We are having multiple SKUs, one side. 
We have to sometime import material and there are certain items where we have supposed 
less tonnage. Then there is steel mill, they need some minimum order quantity. So, we have to 

 
Page 4 of 14 
place order in particular quantity or tonnage only. So, there are various historical reasons. If 
you see, my inventory used to be 120 days and now at present in September, the inventory is 
129 days. 
If you go in deeper, then in this inventory of September ‘25, this inventory includes the Chennai 
plant inventory which is almost 5 crores plus and if you remove this inventory, the number of 
days is 123 days which are again in line with the historical number. Chennai inventory I want 
to remove for time because we built this inventory for the customer audit, for the customer 
approval, for developments and all. So, we started ramp up of the Chennai plant but still we 
have not started a big way sale. So, just for information, till September ‘25, in 4 months, we 
ramp up from the 1 crore, 2 crore, 3 crore, something like that. But the sale started in 
September which we just achieved 82 lakh rupees of sale. So, that inventory we are building 
up in Chennai so that we can ramp up operation and we can deliver higher number in the 
coming months and quarters. As far as debtor is concerned, you can see the debtor stability is 
there. Earlier, in fact, it used to be 108 days in March 25 but June is 85. Then September, last 
September 87 and this September is 85. So, we are in the similar range. So, inventory is high 
particularly if you see from historical number and that's the reason I gave you about the 
Chennai inventory. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Alright, good. So, then the other thing, in terms of renewable energy, there has been some 
pressure which I understand that is building up with respect to all the wind equipment 
manufacturers based in India. Do you actually see that and how to think about this? Because 
we have our own good composition from renewal, is it true and if so, what is the contingency 
plan we have? 
Balkishan Jalan: 
You are talking about the top line revenue growth or you are talking about margin? 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
No, no, I am talking about top line itself because I am told that, Gamesa for example, is actually 
having some kind of problem and a few others. So, in that context, I want to understand since 
we actually have 35 % exposure. 
Satish Kotwani: 
So, basically, I would like to correct here. If you see really the data and real situation in the 
market, I think India market is the fastest growing market for the renewable particularly wind 
industry. So just to give you an idea, in H1 which is April to September period, the wind 
installation capacity has grown by 50 % in India and today, if you talk to any good OEM who is 
making, manufacturing wind turbines like Suzlon in India, Senvion, Inox, Envision, they are 
really having good order flow for at least next 2 to 3 years they have the visibility of orders 
from existing customers or their new customers. So, I would like to defer the statement market 
is having challenge. Yes, Siemens Gamesa has been going to the challenge not only in India but 
globally because of some quality issues they faced in the Europe market and that has impacted 
their overall business. But in fact, Siemens Gamesa India business is acquired by private equity 
and now they are looking to expand the business aggressively in India. I think India story is 

 
Page 5 of 14 
really promising as far as the wind is concerned at least for next 2 to 3 years. Recently, we 
participated in wind exhibition in Chennai. The participation has grown by two and half times 
as compared to last year wind turbine same exhibition in Chennai which shows that India 
market is interesting and people are really keen to expand the businesses in India. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Sir, my question is that while India is there but exports from India out on the wind, right? I 
thought there was some slowness but anyway nevertheless that is one. So, then the other one 
is that in terms of the products you manufacture, which are the products where you actually 
have your own design and what kind of products are actually built to print?  
Satish Kotwani: 
Yes, so it differs from product to product. So, in fasteners for example which we offer mainly 
for wind industry or hydro and now we also started offering for industrial and railways. These 
all products are made as per the print. So, broadly these products are called M20, M24, M72 
that is a metric standard or in series but each product has some specific requirement of thread 
rolling, machining, coating. So, basically all these products are made as per the print. In disc 
spring family, we have products which are made customized as per the customer requirement 
approximately 40 to 50% and 50% of the products are made as per the DIN standard which is 
a German standard DIN 2093 for disc spring. In wedge lock washers, I think 80% of products 
are as per the standard series again as per DIN 25201. As far as the coil springs which is applied 
to mainly mobility sector, railway, some portion in industrial and mainly automotive Tier-1, 
100% springs are made as per the customer. So, at company level if you see we will be about 
20-25% making as per the standard which is again German standards and about 70-75% will be 
customized at the company level as per the print. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Okay. When you talk about precision, you talked about you are a precision company. Can you 
just tell me what do you mean by that? Because any fastener, any mechanical instrument I 
always think it is a precision thing. Is there a specific reason? Sorry to interrupt but can you 
please rejoin the question queue? 
Balkishan Jalan: 
Sure. So, basically in Gala is a 3 product groups, disc spring, coil spring and fastener. We have 
different precision engineering requirements. We start with the disc spring. In disc spring, we 
have to blank where we need to have a tooling and the tooling capability design, manufacturing 
tooling capabilities are in house and we have to manufacture this tool in 5 micron to 10 micron 
depending upon the end product requirement. So, there we have that type of sophisticated 
wire cut machine or machining capabilities and checking inspection capabilities and with this 
help only we are able to develop the product called Gallock where we are seeing good potential 
in coming years. So, already this product got approved with several customers and across our 
group.  
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Coil Spring? 
Balkishan Jalan: 
Yes. 

 
Page 6 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Nishita Shanklesha from Sapphire 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Yes. So, in your opening remarks you mentioned that from the Chennai facility you are now 
expecting and targeting 4 crore sales from September per month and you just mentioned to 
the previous participant that you have done 82 lakh sales only till now. So, how are we going 
to ramp up from 82 lakhs to 4 crores per month and is this 82 lakhs in a month or over the 
period of H1 or Q2? 
Balkishan Jalan: 
I will answer you in detail. There are two separate. One is that we have started ramp up of this 
manufacturing from July onward. So, we completed this plant in March and we opened up this 
plant for audits and more than 10 customers visited during March, April, May, June, July and 
they started giving approval. Once they started giving approval, we started manufacturing from 
July. So, July we gave the load of 1 crore and that started ramp up to 2 crore, 3 crore and in 
October we reached to a load of 4 crore, number one. So, this is what we are calling a more 
manufacturing value load given to the plant and as far as the sale is concerned, we started 
dispatching in September. So, what happened as a part of the whole process, after that 
customers once again visit, see the actual process and product and after that they start giving 
clearance to dispatch and initially they asked for a dispatch of very small quantities, we call it 
as PPAP launch, where the values are small. But the varieties are there. So, we started 
dispatching in September and in September as a very small value, in September there were 
more than 75 lakhs. That was the first month we dispatched and in October, we already crossed 
something 3 crore and this will follow. Then manufacturing value, we are seeing already 
reached to a 4 crore and in coming month, we are targeting to manufacturing value of 5 crore. 
And sale will start following 3 to 4 crore per month. So, as of now we are not seeing any 
difficulty in achieving what we said. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay. So, again to clarify, you mentioned that in October sales we have already crossed 3 
crores, right? 
Balkishan Jalan: 
Yes, ma'am. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
And from next month we are going to manufacture 5 crores and we are expecting from that 
the sales to happen of 3 to 4 crores. 
Balkishan Jalan: 
Yes. So, just again for clarity, in November we have given load of 4 crores and this we want to 
stabilize and in January we are targeting to give manufacturing load of 5 crores. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay. 

 
Page 7 of 14 
Balkishan Jalan: 
And Phase-1 over capacity which we planned and which we communicated was 60 crores and 
as of now we see that we are almost through with that Phase-1 capacity building up and we 
will be demonstrating that in January 26. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay. Can you clarify that Phase-1 capacity of 60 crores or CAPEX of 60 crores? 
Balkishan Jalan: 
Phase-1 annual capacity of 60 crores which means per month capacity of 5 crores and which 
we will be doing 5 crores per month manufacturing in January 26, that is our plan and the sale 
will follow. So, we have an order in pipelines. Then as we ramp up manufacturing, the sale will 
follow to that. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay. Understood. Also, when are we going to start with the Phase-2 capacity then in the 
Chennai plant? 
Balkishan Jalan: 
Yes. As of now we reviewed the overall pipeline and outlook. And as of now we plan to start 
this in Q4 of FY’26 or there can be a Q1 of FY’27. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay. So, we will start like operate, the Phase-2 capacity will start building in Q4. So, when will 
it be operational? 
Balkishan Jalan: 
Normally, now land and building is already there for Phase-2. Only we need to just order the 
machine and install which takes normally 3 months to 4 months’ time. So, the time lag should 
not be more than 3-4 months to achieve again the capacity what we build in Phase-2. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay. Understood and my next question would be you previously given a wide range of 20% to 
25% growth in FY’26 and EBITDA margin of around 17-19%. Now in Q2, our margins have fallen 
to 15%. So, do we still see that happening EBITDA margin of 17-19%? 
Balkishan Jalan: 
Yes. As of now we still maintain as we ramp up and we stabilize our capacity and we reach to a 
higher level of revenue. We should be again in the range of 17-19%. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay. And revenue also will do 22-25%?  
Kirit Gala:                                   Yes ma’am, we are confident about this number 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Amar Ahir from Raytheon Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Amar Ahir: 
I want to ask that can you give me a guidance over the margins for a period of 2-3 years?  
Balkishan Jalan: 
As we maintained earlier, we are seeing EBITDA margin should be again reaching 17-19% as we 
grow and reach to a revenue where we are utilizing the Chennai capacity to a certain level. So, 
in between the utilization of Chennai capacity is going to be lower but otherwise we see 17- 

 
Page 8 of 14 
19% what we maintain should be there and going forward also similar type of margin we are 
anticipating or expecting. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Kunal Mehta from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Sir, I have 2 questions. One is on the order book side. You have mentioned that there is good 
order booking in this spring. But can you give an overall perspective on the order book of all 
the segments and how is the pipeline looking? 
Satish Kotwani: 
Okay. So, I think in general the overall order position is positive and good in all the areas which 
is mainly disc spring, coil spring and fasteners. Normally at any given time we have the visibility 
of sales for next 3 months, which is depending on the customer forecast, schedules and also 
projections they have given and firm orders we have. So, for example, as on 1st October we 
have visibility and orders in hand for 75 crores plus some more additional schedules are 
expected for this quarter which normally come month on month for auto industry. So, I think 
in general order position is good and that is the reason we are targeting to grow 22% to 25% 
and these orders are aligning to that growth. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Okay, sir and the other question is on the CAPEX amount of utilisation. Wada CAPEX is still 
pending, right? The CAPEX of the Wada facility is still pending. By when do we see completion 
in that? 
Balkishan Jalan: 
We have planned CAPEX of 110 million. Out of that we incurred 61 million and remaining 49 
million we have planned to complete this CAPEX in next 6 to 9 months time. So, basically Wada 
where we have incremental CAPEX which we incur depend upon the bottleneck, time to time 
we are adding the presses or wire cut machine or coil machine like this. As per Chennai's I 
already answered, Phase-1 already completed. So, 370 million out of which 198 million already 
deployed and remaining 171 million we plan to deploy in 6 to 9 months on a safer side to build 
this Phase-2 capacity. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Because, sir, our capacity utilization is almost on the optimal level for most of the segments 
like the disc spring, coil spring. So, how much capacity approximately are we planning to 
expand? Any numbers on that? 
Balkishan Jalan: 
After completing this CAPEX cycle at Wada, we should be around 325 to 350 crore all product 
mix, disc spring, coil spring and fastener. As per Chennai is concern, after completing the CAPEX 
cycle, we will be going to have a capacity of 120 crore to 130 crore depend upon product mix 
and each item volumes and all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 9 of 14 
Rahul Jain: 
Just to clarify, I think in the previous you already answered that question of mine. The CAPEX 
which is ongoing, the existing infrastructure plus the CAPEX at Wada where we are about 
marginal amount sending roughly about 5 crores and Chennai CAPEX 17 crores which will 
complete in 6 to 9 months, the total peak sales which is possible with this infrastructure would 
be Wada would be 325-350 and Chennai would be 125. Is that understanding correct?  
Balkishan Jalan: 
Yes, absolutely right. 
Rahul Jain: 
And sir, in what time frame you can typically ramp up these capacities to optimum utilization?  
Balkishan Jalan: 
Yes, I just will correct one thing. I mentioned this figure as a capacity but normally in 
engineering company, subject to product mix, there can be some change but more important, 
we normally consider 80-85% as a capacity utilization and based on the future output, we keep 
on adding. So, this may not be a peak revenue from the number what you mentioned. Just one 
clarification. Yes, you can repeat your second question, please. 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay, so by change of product mix, you can obviously increase the top line, right? But the 
current numbers which you mentioned, sir, 325, 350 and 125 for Chennai. Typically, so let's say 
the lower number 325 plus 125 which is about 450. So, in what time frame do you feel you can 
reach that kind of top line? 
Balkishan Jalan: 
Yes, so again, these are the capacity numbers and engineering company normally we consider 
80-85% capacity utilization because there are a safe top product mix or whatever and time 
frame as of now, we still need to prepare the next year budget based on the whatever outlook 
we see which normally we prepare in Jan and Feb. But as we always mention, we are targeting 
20-25% type of growth rate and we should be then achieving in next year or next to next year. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. And at peak capacity sir or utilization say around 80-85% utilization, do you feel the 
margin can be 20% or 20% plus given that today the capacities are not being utilized fully 
specifically the Chennai plant? 
Balkishan Jalan: 
If you are talking about EBITDA, then I will clarify. In past, when we in Wada also we reached 
to a peak capacity, the overall product mix of disc spring, coil spring, faster and within that 
different product mix we are able to deliver 19-20%. Chennai is a new product which will take 
1-2 year time to reach to that peak level capacity and combined all together we still want to 
maintain the EBITDA margin of 17-19%. 
Rahul Jain: 
Fair enough. So, in your commentary and also in the presentation you talked about a new nut 
and bolt product which is an addressable market of 1 billion dollars and you have secured some 
pilot orders for the same. If you could share some more details in terms of say where this 
product is being used, in what segments it is going to go, what kind of customers we are talking 
about, maybe you will not name the customer that's fine, but what kind of customers are 

 
Page 10 of 14 
discussing this product with, is it based on some customer orders we have developed this 
product and who are the other competitors in this product? 
Satish Kotwani: 
Good question. Satish you can elaborate. I will answer this. So, basically as you know Gala is 
operating business in mainly three verticals from the industry segment point of view, 
renewable, which includes hydro and wind energy; industrial which is electrical, off highway 
equipment, construction equipment; and third is mobility which is mainly automotive and 
railway. So, the fasteners when we started, we started mainly with wind industry and we were 
supplying only studs which is our existing product till last year for more than 7-8 years and 80-
90% of the studs were sold to wind turbine OEM manufacturers in India and subsequently in 
the global market. Based on the understanding of this wind turbine OEM we understand apart 
from studs they also use bolts and nuts. So, same set of customers having potentials of bolts 
and nuts that is how we started this project, but Gala has very strong relationship in industrial 
sectors like off highway equipment, tractor equipment and in this category of customers there 
is very less requirement of our studs where we started the partner business, but they have lot 
of requirement of bolts and nuts. So, for the industry segment point of view we started Chennai 
plant considering wind industry as a starting point, but now we are adding more customers in 
industrial sectors and also in mobility sector for new products bolts and nuts. So, the 
addressable market what we are talking is 1 billion plus dollars is basically for mainly the 
markets is industrial and renewable sector at the global level. 
Rahul Jain: 
And sir, with regards to the segment wise, currently the revenue is mixed, industrial is roughly 
33 %, renewable is 38 % and mobility is 29 %. So, going ahead in next as we complete our CAPEX 
and ramp up the facilities, what will be the kind of proportion from each of these segments 
and is there any margin differential from these segments? 
Satish Kotwani: 
Yes, proportion wise I think industrial since we are adding customers for partners so industrial 
will grow. So, industrial will be about 35 % to 38 %, renewable will be around 35 % and mobility 
will be about 28, 30 %. This is a broad segmentation we are looking in short term for next 1 to 
2 years. As far as the margins are concerned, they are very similar across all the segments. So, 
we do not see major change. Of course, some customers you have better margins depending 
on the volume and critical and some customers because of high volume the margins may be 
lower. But at very broad level the margins are similar for all the 3 product segments and in the 
3 different industry segments. 
Rahul Jain: 
And within this similar question with regards to the products, DSS contributes about 49, CSS is 
19 % and SFS is 32 %. So, going ahead how does the proportion change? 
Satish Kotwani: 
I think DSS will be around 45 % in 2 to 3 years perspective. SFS will be about 40 % and mobility 
will be around 15 % as again up to short term to mid term perspective. 
Rahul Jain: 
And with regards to geography, we are at 35 % exports today? 

 
Page 11 of 14 
Kirit Gala: 
Yes, so export will remain to be 35 to 40 % because whatever new products we do we start 
with India first and couple of years we stabilize in India and then we take them to the global 
market. So, for example in current H1 or quarter 2 our export is about 35 % but broadly exports 
will remain to be about 35 to 40 % mainly to Europe and US market and India will be around 
60 to 65 % of the market for us. 
Rahul Jain: 
One last question sir. So, I asked about the competition. So, typically the kind of SKUs which 
we work with who typically do we regard as our competition say domestic as well as global?  
Kirit Gala: 
You are asking specifically for partners or in general for all the products?  
Rahul Jain: 
In general, maybe. I don't know if any other company has all the products under one company. 
How does it work? I am not sure about that sir. I am looking at the company for the first time. 
Pardon me for my ignorance. 
Kirit Gala: 
Who has all the products under one umbrella? So, specifically with Gala. So, in fasteners we 
mainly compete with Sundaram Partners and Randack which is a German company having 
plant in Pune and for exports in fasteners we compete with German manufacturers like August 
Friedberg, Dokka Fasteners in Norway or Cooper and Turner based in UK. As far as the disc 
springs are concerned, we mainly compete with German producer Mubea, Schnorr and 
Christian Bauer and some American producers like Key Bellevilles in US market. As far as the 
coil springs are concerned, we compete with NHK Spring which is a Japanese company having 
plants in India. We also compete with Stumpp Schüle and some import substitute we have 
done where customers were importing from Germany and we have localized these products. 
So, there are different types of competitors in all the three product categories. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Lakshmi Narayanan from Tunga 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Thanks again. I just want to understand what percentage of your business you directly supply 
to the OEM's and what percentage of your business is actually where you are a tier 2 or a tier 
3 supplier and the second question is that in terms of which number you actually care for, do 
you care for in terms of priority revenues, EBITDA margins or cash flows? Because if you look 
at it, even last year, when on a full year basis, the PBT of around 33 crores, but the operating 
cash flows pre-tax has been around 10 crores, right? So, how do you intend to manage it 
because you have to take care of growth also when your cash flows are always constrained 
because of high inventory which you actually talked about, right? I think these are my 
questions. 
Satish Kotwani: 
Okay. So, I will answer for the customer breakups. So, actual OEMs, which is basically wind 
turbine manufacturer or construction equipment manufacturer, these contribute about 50 to 
55 % of our sales. Tier-1, which is like in automotive or in other industry segments like we 

 
Page 12 of 14 
supply to Schaeffler, Valeo, that are Tier-1 companies. Also in railways, we supply to Tier-1 
companies who supplies to actually Indian Railways and that is about 25 to 30 % of our business 
and our products like wedge lock washer, disc springs, we also supply to fastener distributors 
or we call them fastener wholesalers, which are based in India, Europe, and U.S. They 
contribute about 10 to 15 % of the sales. So, this is a broad breakup at the OEM, Tier-1, and 
distributor level for the sales of Gala.  
Balkishan Jalan: 
So, you are right in asking this question, which one you will focus. So, honestly speaking, these 
are the different levers and you would love to focus on each and every lever and optimize this 
lever or maximize this lever. So, to start with, as of now, our major focus is giving higher priority 
to revenue and the profitability from each and every customer level and keep a balance 
between the revenue and profitability, depend upon the future outlook. Sometimes, as Satish 
also mentioned, where the high volumes are there, we may take little bit lower profitability or 
vice versa and that depends upon geography or industry or segment. As far as the cash flow is 
concerned, 100 % is very, very important. We know, understand, and we regularly monitor 
that. But in growth phase, we have to take little bit second priority to the cash flow generation 
particularly, when we are targeting a growth of above 20 % or growth like 25 % because these 
are the industry norm where we have to give debtor 90 days or 85 to 90 days or we have to 
keep multiple SKU material or FG. But nevertheless, in near future, once we see, then we are 
managing revenue and profitability at a good maximized level. Surely, we can improve on the 
cash flow lever as well. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Got it. You have been expanding in two locations, Chennai and also Maharashtra. Now, this will 
take you to what level, how many years where you don't need further expansion that the 
growth can be satisfied with, whether whatever capacity you are putting, how long it would 
actually would pull you through?  
Balkishan Jalan: 
Yes. So, Lakshmi Narayan ji, basically, we are doing this incremental CAPEX to do incremental 
capacity expansion where like for example in Wada, we already have a land building base and 
there we are doing incremental CAPEX for to de-bottleneck the capacity. And with this 
incremental CAPEX, we will be reaching around 325 to 350 capacity. And in Wada, then, we 
don't have additional now land and building. And for next phase, we may have to now add land 
and then building, which may happen in near future. As far as the Chennai is concerned, this 
is, we can say, greenfield or brownfield project where we started with the land almost two 
years back and then constructed building and then last 9 months, we added the machine and 
then we created this capacity and as I mentioned, in Chennai, we will be reaching the peak 
capacity in next year to next year. We will be building the capacity, balanced capacity Phase-2 
in next quarter or next to next quarter and we will be utilizing this capacity in FY’27 and partially 
maybe FY’28. So, going forward, beyond 27, we are already started looking for the land and we 
have to do some incremental CAPEX based on the future outlook. 

 
Page 13 of 14 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Typically, what is your maintenance CAPEX and what is the growth CAPEX? In general, what is 
the thumb rule you have? 
Balkishan Jalan: 
Yes, broadly, we see these assets life is more than 10 years, in fact. Some assets have 15 years 
as well and there are presses which are running more than 15 years. But on an average, for 
safer side, you can consider an average 10 years. So, my historical number is less than 5% we 
are utilizing for maintenance CAPEX. So, 5 to 10%, something which we can say. As far as the 
growth CAPEX is concerned, that depends upon the next year or next to next year outlook. 
Based on that, we plan and incur the CAPEX. Normal or CAPEX to turnover ratio is initially, it 
starts with 2 or 2.5 times and at maturity peak level with the stabilizing all the capacity of 
deploying the automation, it is to 3x or more than 3 x also. But 3x you can expect at the peak. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Correct and one last question. In terms of the visibility of growth, how much is something in 
the next, maybe this year we are FY’26 and FY’27, what kind of growth visibility you have? Of 
course, there is an aspiration, but what is that something which is clearly visible for you that it 
will not grow below a particular percentage? 
Balkishan Jalan: 
So, with the disclaimer which Mr. Anuj initially already gave, we cannot give a forward-looking 
statement subject to that disclaimer. We always maintain, we will be targeting 15 to 20% and 
considering the current year, we are thinking we should be touching 22 to 25%. Next year, I 
already mentioned, we are still working on the budget, but the number can be 15 to 20 or 20 
to 25. We will get more clarity by Feb 2026. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Sir, just from steel price point of view, because that is a variable cost, what is the kind of pricing 
thing you have with whomever you are supplying to? How do you handle this pricing 
fluctuation? And second is that from an employee cost, if you look at it progressively, it is 
actually coming down as a percentage as you actually scaled up. So, what is the employee cost 
as a percentage one should actually budget for?  
Balkishan Jalan: 
So, first about the steel prices, in majority of customers, we have a cost-based pricing and there 
we normally declare the raw material price which we factor in while quoting them and a broad 
understanding from customer to customer, if there is a fluctuation of steel price more than 5% 
or in some case 10%, then both the sides discuss and then revise the upward or downward 
prices with some lag effect of 3 to 6 months because price increase of month on month we 
cannot do, but quarter on quarter and if it is increasing or decreasing, then we need to discuss. 
And in some cases, we get a price from retrospective effect as well if there is a delay in 
negotiation. So, more or less, I can say steel prices we have passed in the past also and that is 
not a big risk which we see. As far as the employee cost is concerned, this is the number which 
should further improve by some half percentage to one percentage, but I do not want to give 
any as of now indication because in growth phase, we have to then keep on adding some 
capabilities at different level. So, it is slightly premature to give you some positive outlook for 
the employee cost. 

 
Page 14 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishita Shanklesha from Sapphire Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Yes. So, I just had a clarification. You mentioned that from Wada has a 325 to 350 crores of 
capacity and Chennai has 120 to 130 crores of capacity and the peak utilization we generally 
target is 80 to 85 %. So, do we see this peak utilization happening in the next 2 years? 
Satish Kotwani: 
Yes. So, you have a clear understanding about the capacity and revenue and as of now, we see 
next year or next to next year beginning, we should be reaching to this peak utilization. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay. And also, you mentioned that 35 % is the export that we have currently. From that, how 
much do we export to US? And previously, you mentioned that you were able to pass on the 
duties to the customers, the additional tariffs. So, what is the situation now? If you can give an 
update.  
Satish Kotwani: 
Yes. So, US contributes about 10 to 12 % of our total revenue and with all our customers, we 
don't have any conditions or income which includes the tariff or duties. So, all our (Inaudible) 
0:48:40.0 agreement with our US customer is based on without any import tax or without any 
tariff. So, whatever additional or reduction in tariff, it is being managed by customer and they 
are only paying these tariffs for our product in US market. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay. And 10 to 12 % is the ratio of total revenue or total export? Total revenue. So, our export 
is about 35 % and within that export category, US contribute about 25 %. But at company level, 
US is about 10 to 12 % of the total revenue. About 18 to 19 % is Europe, 3 % is other parts of 
the world and 65 % is India. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no questions from the participants, I now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Srinivasan Giridhar: 
Thank you all for participating in this Earnings call. I hope we have been able to answer your 
questions satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know more about 
the company, please reach out to our IR managers at Valorem Advisors. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. On behalf of Gala Precision Engineering Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
