 
 
AGI Greenpac Ltd 
Corporate Oﬃce: 301-302, 3rd Floor, Park Centra, Sector-30, NH 8, Gurugram, Haryana-122 001, India. T. +91 124 477 9200 
Registered Oﬃce: 2, Red Cross Place, Kolkata-700001, West Bengal, India. T. +91 33-22487407/5668 agiinvestors@agigreenpac.com | www.agigreenpac.com 
| CIN: L51433WB1960PLC024539 
AGI glaspac Oﬃce: Glass Factory Road, Oﬀ Motinagar, Borabanda, Hyderabad-500018, India. T: + (91) 40-2383 1771(5lines), M: agi@agi-glaspac.com 
AGI Plastek Oﬃce: AGI glaspac Premises, Glass Factory Road, Oﬀ Motinagar, Borabanda, Hyderabad-500018, India. T: +91 40-2383 1771(5lines),  
M: sales@gpoly.in 
AGI CloZures Oﬃce: Sy.No.208 to 218, Sitarampur, Isnapur, Patancheru, Telangana- 502307, India. T: +91-8455-225511, M: info@agiclozures.com 
 
 
NEAPS/BSE ONLINE 
29th October, 2025 
 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
(BSE Scrip Code: 500187) 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Plot No. C-1, Block-G,  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051 
(NSE Symbol: AGI) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 23rd October, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call 
held on Thursday, 23rd October, 2025 for discussion on the financial results of the Company for 
the second quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2025. 
 
The transcript will also be available on the website of the Company i.e. www.agigreenpac.com.  
 
You are requested to take the above information on your record. 
 
For AGI Greenpac Limited  
 
 
 
 
(Ompal) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Address: 
           301-302, 3rd Floor, Park Centra, Sector-30, Gurugram-122001 
Membership No.:     A30926 
 
Encl.: As above 
Ompal
Digitally signed 
by Ompal 
Date: 2025.10.29 
18:03:48 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
AGI Greenpac Limited Q2 FY'26 Earnings Conference 
“Call” 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH KHOSLA - PRESIDENT & CEO, AGI 
GREENPAC LIMITED 
MR. OM PRAKASH PANDEY – CFO, AGI GREENPAC 
LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP SIKKA - GROUP CFO 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ARYA PATEL - EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 

 
AGI Greenpac Limited 
October 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to AGI Greenpac's Q2 FY'26 Earnings 
Conference Call Hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone 
telephone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Arya Patel – Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. 
Thank you and over to you. 
Arya Patel: 
Thank you, Iqra. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, I 
welcome you all to the Q2 & H1 FY'26 Post-Earning Conference Call for AGI Greenpac. 
We have with us today Mr. Rajesh Khosla – President & CEO; Mr. Om Prakash Pandey – CFO 
and Mr. Sandeep Sikka, Group CFO. 
Today's session would be a brief on the Results followed by a Q&A round. So, without any 
further delay, I now hand over the call to Mr. Om Prakash Pandey for his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Om Prakash Pandey: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining the AGI Greenpac Q2 FY26 Earnings Call. 
For those following along, our detailed Earnings Presentation is already available on our website 
and on the stock exchange portals. Before we begin, please note the standard disclaimer 
regarding forward-looking statements on Slide No. 2 of that presentation. We’re pleased to 
report that the first half of FY26 marked a period of robust growth and strategic execution, 
providing a strong foundation for the remainder of the year.  
Our financial performance for the first half of FY26 clearly demonstrates the success of our 
focus on operational efficiency and product premiumization, Revenue from Operations 
(excluding Other Income) grew by a solid 10.6% year-on-year, rising to ₹1,289 crore compared 
to ₹1,166 crore in H1 FY25. We maintained strong profitability, with EBITDA (excluding Other 
Income) standing firm at ₹292 crore. Our Net Profit surged by 21.9% year-on-year to ₹165 crore, 
up from ₹135 crore in the corresponding period last year. This enhanced profitability is directly 
attributable to the successful elevation of our product mix. We have continued to expand our 
footprint in premium, higher-margin segments, including cosmetics, perfumery, and alco-
beverage. Disciplined execution across all our facilities has been key to realizing these results. 
Moving to our Q2 performance, the quarter saw revenue from operations increase marginally by 
0.4% year-on-year to ₹602 crore. As is common with our business cycle, Q2 revenues were 
sequentially lower than Q1, partly due to our planned seasonal shift, where we focus on building 
stock for products like beer for the remaining quarters. This year, we also saw a slight impact on 

 
AGI Greenpac Limited 
October 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
sales volume due to the higher intensity of monsoons and flooding in various states. Despite 
these factors, our production capacity utilization remained high, at around 95%. 
On the profitability front, our EBITDA for Q2 stood at ₹150 crore. However, I want to draw 
your attention to our margins. Our Q2 EBITDA margin (excluding other income) was a healthy 
24.9%. This represents a significant 250 basis point jump compared to the adjusted Q1 margin 
of 22.4%, demonstrating improved efficiencies and the positive impact of our better product mix 
during the quarter. This translated into a Q2 Net Profit of ₹76 crore, an increase of 5.6% year-
on-year. 
We have demonstrated our commitment to financial prudence by completing a term loan 
prepayment of ₹193 crore in July 2025. This has substantially reduced our term loan borrowings 
to just ₹233 crore as of September 2025, significantly strengthening our financial position. 
There has been a temporary increase in our current assets holding days by around 15 days as on 
30th September 2025 as compared to corresponding last year’s figures. These current assets 
holding levels will normalize during next 1-2 quarters in line with last year’s numbers.  
The overall working capital has increased as company prepaid some of its outstanding 
operational creditors by availing additional discounts over bank borrowing cost.  
Now, I will hand the call over to Mr. Rajesh Khosla to walk you through the key strategic and 
business highlights that underpin our continued growth trajectory. 
Rajesh Khosla: 
Thank you, Mr. Pandey. Good evening, everyone. 
                                                As Mr. Pandey highlighted the financial success, my focus will be on the three-pronged growth 
strategy we are executing to ensure long-term, sustainable value creation through operational 
excellence and portfolio diversification. 
                                                Since March 2025, we have initiated several capacity expansion projects that are interconnected 
and designed to strengthen our market presence, enhance our high-margin product capabilities, 
and diversify our packaging portfolio. 
                                                First, our North India Greenfield Glass Plant in Madhya Pradesh marks a pivotal milestone in 
this journey. The project is on track to be operational by March 2027 and will add 500 TPD of 
new capacity — a 25% increase in our overall glass production — taking our total to 2,600 TPD. 
We have already secured land from MPIDC, commenced civil work, and are finalizing major 
equipment contracts. This plant is crucial for serving the growing North Indian market 
efficiently. 
                                                Second, we are making a bold and strategic entry into the Aluminum Beverage CAN segment 
with our new facility in Uttar Pradesh. This is a major diversification step that complements our 

 
AGI Greenpac Limited 
October 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
core glass packaging business and positions us in a rapidly growing, sustainable packaging 
category. The facility will be developed in two phases, starting with an annual capacity of 950 
million CANS and scaling up to 1.6 billion CANS by FY30. We are in the final stages of land 
acquisition and machinery finalization for this exciting new vertical. 
                                                Third, while we build for the future, we are also driving near-term growth through the 
debottlenecking and expansion of our existing facilities. Both upgrades are expected to be 
operational by March 2026. Our Container Glass capacity will increase from 1,850 TPD to 1,900 
TPD, while our Specialty Glass capacity will see a significant expansion from 154 TPD to 200 
TPD — further strengthening our ability to serve both mass and premium segments effectively. 
                                                Collectively, these investments provide a clear roadmap for capitalizing on market opportunities, 
especially in high-value industries like cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, and premium beverages. Our 
focus remains on optimizing capacity, improving efficiency, and delivering long-term value. 
                                                Thank you. We are now ready to open the call for your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rehan Syed from Trinetra Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Rehan Syed: 
Good evening to the team and thank you for giving me the opportunity and Happy Diwali to 
everyone. So, my first question is around the Aluminum business side. So, like I want to 
understand from the ROCE net. So, the UP CAN plant will start with 950 million pieces by Q3 
FY'28 and then into 1.6 billion by FY'30. So, at what utilization level do you expect the business 
to break even at the EBITDA level and towards double digit ROCE? So, for example, if you 
take around 60%-65% utilization or higher, can we generate high ROCE in a double digit going 
forward? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Most of these facilities which we do, they should break even at somewhere around 65%-70% 
capacity utilization. There are some initial fixed costs which are attached to all plants and they 
generally get captured ranging between 60%-70%. The factor was higher for the glass but for 
the Aluminum segment, I think 60%-65% is where the breakeven should happen. 
Rehan Syed: 
Okay. Fair enough. The last question is regarding the post-debottlenecking margins, so, once the 
container glass moves from 1,850 to 1,900 TPD and specialty glass from 154 to 200 TPD. So, 
by March '26, should we model as stable EBITDA band of 25%-27% going forward or do we 
still expect volatility linked to fuel and raw material in this margin side? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
If I understand your question, with all the de-bottlenecking which is happening on the container 
glass and also on the specialty glass, will the EBITDA margin improve or remain in the range 
bound? 

 
AGI Greenpac Limited 
October 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Rehan Syed: 
Yes. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Both these projects should be up and running by March '26. We expect, when you see both the 
facilities, the container glass and the specialty glass our tonnages and the capacity utilization has 
gone up. It's gone beyond 80%. We thought of de-bottlenecking so to take a higher throughput 
from this furnaces. There are two gains here. On the container side, we are, the best in terms of 
the industry and maybe in Asia for the container glass profitability which we generate. With any 
incremental tonnage happening, we feel another quarter basis point or a half basis point 
profitability improvement should happen. But this is over a long-term period. You can't measure 
this on a quarter-to-quarter because every quarter is a different quarter in terms of the Product 
mix and the raw material fluctuations and everything. On the specialty glass, there are two ways 
of growth. One, the volume growth will definitely increase. Secondly, we are on a journey in 
specialty glass of acquiring more and more premium and superior international customers 
which,we have been walking for almost nowfor 2.5 years plus now. But we still feel we have a 
long way to go wherein we should be able to improve our realizations much better, offer a better 
high value, more value-added products to our international customers. There, for the EBITDA 
margin expansion, you can easily consider maybe 4% to 5% over the next 18 months happening 
on the specialty glass. Rajesh, you have any additional point on this? 
Rajesh Khosla: 
No, I think it's okay. One thing is there. When we have already put up the facility in the case of 
specialty glass, so there is a long gestation period to put up the new facility. It is always 
advisable, or it is a business sense that we should try to extract maximum potential of the assets 
we have already put up there. So, with this debottlenecking, we have been able to or we will be 
able to add up almost 40, 50 tons of glass every day. And for that, already the action has been 
taken. The new machines are already on the way and it will be operational by the end of this 
year. So, certainly, one is because of the volume growth. So, the EBITDA margin is certainly 
going to grow because of the volume. On the percentage-wise, I think Sandeep Sikka has already 
informed you that yes, there will be an impact of small percentages, impact on margin 
percentages. That all depends upon so many more factors, but certainly on the absolute term-
wise, the EBITDA margin is certainly going to grow with the volumes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parikshit Gupta from Fair Value Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity and sharing my best wishes for the festive season. I 
have a couple of questions. Firstly, on the Aluminum beverage CAN business, we recently read 
a news about pushing authorities to remove import curbs on beer CANS. This was due to the 
high supply-demand gap. And do you anticipate this to go through? And if yes, how might it 
impact our plans? 
Rajesh Khosla: 
There is a big demand of the Aluminum beverage CAN market on the beer side and beverages 
side. And there is a gap between demand and supply. And the beverage companies or the beer 

 
AGI Greenpac Limited 
October 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
companies, they are requesting the authorities, the government, to remove some of the non-tariff 
barriers, for example, like BIS standards and other standards, so that they can import the can. 
So, there may be possibility that this can be done. There may be possibility. But it has no impact 
on our operations, our profitability, or our future, or our demand side. Because whatever these 
imports somebody likely to bring, if at all they are bringing, I am taking the extreme negative 
part of the discussion. So, it will be very, very expensive because of the freight element and 
taxation elements and other local freight elements. And they are not at all viable, but they are 
only to fill up the gap. So, it is a very good thing that the market is going to grow. And for us, 
when we will enter into this market by FY27, so there will be a ready-made platter for us and 
we do not have to do anything. We just have to replace the imports, whatever is coming. I have 
taken extremely negative view or extremely negative view of the remarks in this situation. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Understood, sir. This is helpful. And there was a decision by the board to raise equity. Has there 
been any finalization of the terms or when might that be expected? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
The board  passed a resolution to raise equity through various instruments. And we are in process 
of seeking shareholder approval also and I think it is already up with the shareholders. The plan 
is that we may raise this in the next 12 months. We are just trying to see how market stabilizes 
and how we plan it. Right now, it is difficult for us to give a guidance on this, but I think maybe 
in next 3 to 6 months, we should be there. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Understood. Next question on the debottlenecking. Can you tell us the tentative timelines for the 
debottlenecking process? Because during that process, there will be a loss of revenue. So, if you 
can also please quantify what kind of revenues can we anticipate being lost due to this 
debottlenecking process? 
Rajesh Khosla: 
When we are talking of the two debottlenecking, one is in commercial glass and one is in 
specialty glass. In the case of specialty glass, so whenever you are adding the equipment, so for 
a week's time or maximum 10 days' time, there is a bit of disturbance. For 10 days' time, there 
can be a little 5%-7% less of the production, that's all. But immediately, once you put up the 
facility, those productions are being covered up with the higher volumes and within a span of 2 
days, 3 days, they are being covered up. So, for all practical purposes, it is not to be taken in 
account and everything remains standstill. So, these are up and downs only because of the small 
adjustment or synchronization of the new machinery to the old machinery. And same thing is 
applicable in the, what do you call, commercial glass. But in the commercial glass, whatever is 
1,850 ton facility is there, that is distributed among four furnaces, and the debottlenecking has 
to be done in one of the furnaces. So, I do not see any remarkable any change or dip on any of 
the revenues because of this debottlenecking. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Understood, sir. Now, about the operating expenses, you mentioned in the presentation that you 
are targeting a cullet share of about 40%. Can you please tell me what are the current levels 
being used? And this question is more from the perspective of reducing, optimizing the energy 

 
AGI Greenpac Limited 
October 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
expenses. It has also been articulated that that will be reduced by 10%. So, currently, as a share 
of topline, they stand around 19% to 20%. How much can we anticipate them to be going 
forward? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
I think the presentation covered that we are already using 40% cullet and that helps us save the 
energy. It is not a directionality, which we are saying that we will start using 40%. We are already 
doing that. Rajesh, if you can add to that. 
Rajesh Khosla: 
Yes, we are using more than 40% of the cullet. And we will be using more also in the times to 
come. And since cullet or the scrap, glass scrap, you can say, it is being handled by unstructured 
market, so sometimes you face a difficulty in raising the things. But as the country progressing, 
as the municipal corporations are getting more and more structured, so this cullet is available. 
And cullet has no other usage, except the melting or glass making. So, we expect that in the 
times to come, the cullet percentage will increase further, which will further give us better 
energy, and which is certainly going to give us better tonnages also. So, that is exactly what we 
mean to say in our presentation. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Understood. So, thank you for clarifying. So, for the near term, and for the near to medium term, 
can we expect the power and energy expenses to be range bound as a percentage of the topline? 
Rajesh Khosla: 
See, we are doing day and night efforts, how to reduce the energy, and how to optimize the same. 
Cullet is one part of the whole efforts, which we are being done. But all these efforts in a small 
percentage will give very small incremental benefits, but they are the benefits. So, I cannot say 
immediately, but certainly, with our aims on sustainability, with our commitment on the 
environment, and our targets on how to reduce the further energy, I think we are going to get the 
results in the next few months, I can say, or within the next year or two years, like that. And let 
me clarify you, we are already at one of the most optimum energy usage company in the glass 
industry in the world, not in India, in the world. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Understood. Sir, thank you for that. This is my last question. Question was more on the export 
side. In the three levers of growth, there was no mention of exports here. So, can you please tell 
us what was the share of exports as a percentage of topline? I know that the target is around 
15%. And there have been more visits to international expo in the market than those, so? 
Rajesh Khosla: 
As on today, our export percentage falls anywhere between 5% to 7%. We have an aspiration of 
increasing our export to 10% to 15%, total. In a specialty glass, this percentage is quite high. 
And we have an aspiration of taking this percentage to 40% in the specialty glass. But this 
aspiration will not overcome our commercial targets. We are more interested to have very good 
bottomline and topline. For that purpose, export is not the criteria on which we are working, 
looking to the instability in the global market as on today, for example, like USA has a tariff, 
Europe, we have yet to settle with the FTA agreement, and other areas there are some 
disturbances because of either war, or because of geopolitics. So, we are not very, I can say 

 
AGI Greenpac Limited 
October 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
desperate. But yes, we are keen. And we are developing slowly, slowly, the pockets in which 
our material can go. We are already having very strong footprints in Europe as on today, and we 
are supplying a lot of quantities in Europe today and I think there is a good amount of supplies 
to USA as on today. And probably once the tariff thing is settled down, we are going to go in a 
big way in this thing. But again, it all depends upon the economics of our business. We have no 
desperation in chasing in numbers, just like that. Aspiration is everything goes well, economics 
goes well, we may like to go up to 40% in specialty glass. And in commercial glass, it all depends 
upon demand and supply globally. So, but in commercial glass, all the plants are being added up 
with local demand in consideration, not the export demand in consideration. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishita from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nishita: 
Happy Diwali to everyone. So, I just had a question on the CAPEX that you are doing. So, what 
would be the CAPEX amount required for all the projects? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We would be spending around Rs. 50 crores on the de-bottlenecking exercise. Apart from this, 
we are also undertaking some expansion for our caps and closures business. The overall spend 
in the next one year, I think, on a rolling basis excluding Gwalior plant or Aluminum beverage 
CAN, should be in range of odd Rs. 120 crores to Rs. 150 crores. 
Nishita: 
So, this Rs. 120 crores to Rs. 150 crores does not include the greenfield project and the 
Aluminum beverage CAN plant? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes, for which we have already discussed separate numbers because it is very difficult to time 
out on the rolling basis, like the Madhya Pradesh Gwalior plant should be up running by March 
'27. So, the overall capital expenditure in terms of land and building and other expenses is odd 
Rs. 700 crores. A majority of that will be spent there. And in the Aluminum beverage CAN, we 
have disclosed that commercial production should start by Q3 of FY'27-'28. The total outlay in 
the first phase is around Rs. 850 crores. A major chunk will be spent by that time, or by 
December 2027. 
Nishita: 
Okay, understood. And how are we like raising the funds for this? 
Sandeep Sikka:                     Right now, our existing businesses generate almost Rs. 400 crores plus cash flow from 
operations, given the fact that the debt is very low right now. We will use a mix of internal 
accruals and raise long-term debt for this. And maybe going forward, if we raise equity then 
we can then prepay the debt or use the debt as maybe mandated part of the document. But right 
now, it is a mix of internal accruals and long-term debt. 
Nishita: 
Okay, understood. And any growth projections you can give for FY'27 on EBITDA level and 
topline level? 

 
AGI Greenpac Limited 
October 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We have already gone on record to various media by saying, if everything gets implemented, we 
should be able to further enhance our EBITDA margins ranging around 1% to 2% in next 24 
months before the other project starts coming in. So, that's the guidance which we have already 
given to the market. 
Nishita: 
Okay. And on topline level, any growth guidance? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We should continue for the next two years to grow in a range of around 8% to 10% every year. 
And after that, the Gwalior project will come, and after that, the Aluminum beverage CAN 
project will come. We have a series of growth benchmarked for each year. For financial year, 
let's say FY'25-'26, 8% to 10%, FY'26-'27, another 8% to 10%, and then followed by we will 
have a 25% more volume. So, maybe you have to assume capacity utilization for next 2 years, 
3 years. After that, there will be a consistent growth coming. 
Nishita: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you so much. That is it from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anil Shah from Insightful Invest Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Anil Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I have just two questions. One, can you give us a little bit more 
granularity on your CAPEX for each year wise? Because, you talked about a QIP over the next, 
I mean, equity issuance over the next 12 months subject to markets in case market conditions 
are not great. I just want to get a sense of, will we continue with the proposed CAPEX plans as 
is basis? What's the highest level of debt that we will be sitting at in case we don't have an equity 
issuance so on and so forth? So, assuming that most of the projects get scheduled on time as 
you've talked about, by March '27, the Madhya Pradesh plant and in FY'28, the first phase of the 
Aluminum beverage CAN. Assuming that, then now for the next six months in FY'26 and in 
FY'27 and in FY'28, what would be our CAPEX? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
If I add up, let's say we benchmark Rs. 700 crores for the expansion of container glass, another 
Rs. 850 crores on the Aluminum beverage CAN, Rs. 150 crores on the other de-bottlenecking 
and the expansion which we already spoken of, and take another Rs. 100 crores each for the 
remaining 2 years. So the total is 900 plus. That is somewhere around Rs. 1,900 to Rs. 2,000 
crores of CAPEX happening in March '28. Even without an equity, let's say even if the current 
state of operations going through the way we have been generating EBITDA and I'll benchmark 
last year numbers, let's say we generate around Rs. 425 crores-Rs. 450 crores of cash flow from 
operations before the CAPEX and before any working capital adjustments, so in the span of 
three years, we should have let's say Rs. 1,000 crores to Rs. 1200 crores bare minimum coming 
from this. And we can easily take a debt because assuming even the current run rate of EBITDA 
of somewhere around Rs. 650 crores to Rs. 700 crores, two times debt is around Rs. 1,300 crores. 
We have a fair headroom to punch in the growth, which is targeted by the management. 

 
AGI Greenpac Limited 
October 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Anil Shah: 
So just to kind of summarize what you said, we are now talking about part half of FY'26-'27 and 
'28. Assuming the free cash flow that you talked about the cash flow from operations, we are 
now looking at broadly Rs. 800 crores to Rs. 1,000 crores coming in from there, pre-CAPEX 
and pre-working capital. If I take that Rs.800 to 1000 crores, that means my debt requirement or 
for either debt or equity issuance requirement will be another Rs. 800 crores to Rs. 1,000 crores. 
We are currently sitting at about Rs. 400 crores of debt, long term, short term combined, correct? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
If you see that the short term debt is very temporary in nature. As Mr. Pandey mentioned that 
our inventories and debtors increased during this quarter, which we feel in next two quarters 
should be down and we discounted, Since we had a surplus cash coming from operations, we 
had additional delta on discounting of various creditors, which we did very rationally because 
we used it and that we can pay off easily. The long term debt is around Rs. 225 crores right now, 
which will be paid off in the span of next one year. Balance, if you see the scenario, if you do 
an Excel model of March '28 with the existing debt being paid off. You can assume even if Rs. 
2,000 crores of capital expenditure, it can be easily done with a 1:1 ratio of internal accruals and 
a debt. 
Anil Shah: 
So peak debt will be closer to Rs. 1,000 crores-Rs. 1,100 crores. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Rs. 1,000 to 1,200 crores around that. 
Anil Shah: 
Correct, peak debt, in case we don't do any equity issuance. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes. 
Anil Shah: 
And the management is quite clear that irrespective of the market conditions, in case we are not 
happy with the price of the market offering, we'll continue with the projects on a timely basis 
and raise debt. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
There is no question, I think the resolution which the company has passed is an enabling so that 
if required, we can further create a headroom for paying off the debt and for other growth 
elements, which we can look into our sector. 
Anil Shah: 
Sure. And the second question is, in your PPT, you talked about 8% to 9% revenue growth. You 
also spoke about the same today in the Q&A for each of the next two years. Just to clarify the 
second half last year, we did have a pretty decent second half last year. So are we confident that 
on a higher topline for Q3 and Q4, which we had last year, the second half of this year should 
also grow 8% to 9% on that with steady margin of 24%-25%. Is that something that we can pen? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
If you see H1, we have already grown by around 10.6% around, in first half itself. 
Anil Shah: 
Yes. But the Q2 was quite muted or flattish. 

 
AGI Greenpac Limited 
October 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Because measuring quarter-to-quarter, it gets extremely difficult for any business because 
business try to drive as fast as possible, but there are definitely some external conditions. We 
talked about it, like there have been severe monsoon, there have been flooding in various parts 
of the country. So it has impacted. And few of the liquor companies have also go on record and 
talked about it that their sales have been muted. But I think everything is normal now. And we 
are very confident. Rajesh, would you like to add anything to this? 
Rajesh Khosla: 
Normally, what Mr. Sikka is saying, in the case of H1, in spite of having a demand or rain issue, 
still we have grown. So there is a likely possibility that the H2 will be much, much, much better 
as compared to the H1. So the overall numbers certainly are going to be achieved whatever has 
been indicated to you people. So these numbers will be achieved. So I don't see any issue or any 
hurdles in achieving those numbers as such. And secondly, when we are in a business where 
anything regarding the nature plays a very important role, for example, the rains, the floods or 
other things, or even a delayed scenario of high winters, they can play a little bit, they can 
demand and supply they can impact. So these are all temporary things. And slowly, slowly, the 
market also gets adjusted accordingly. So I don't see any big hurdle in achieving those numbers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sheel Kumar Shah from Sameeksha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sheel Kumar Shah: 
I just wanted to understand our inventory and debtors have increased during the first half, even 
in the last year first half, it was normal. So what has led to increase? And there is one line item 
called acceptance. So what is that, if you can explain this? 
Om Prakash Pandey: 
Actually, the inventory is on account of our continuity of the production, because the upcoming 
season of 3rd Quarter and 4th Quarter. So we stock the finished goods to be ready when the 
seasonal market demand in Q3 & Q4. So that is a temporary holding of stock of Finished goods 
that will get liquidated during the next coming quarters. Coming to the receivable, there was a 
certain blip in the software of some of the major customers where the uploading of the bill was 
delayed which was subsequently uploaded but could not meet the schedule of payment cycle of 
customer. However the payment has come in the first week after the end of the quarter. So it will 
become normal going forward.  So that is not going to be impacted in the coming quarter. It is 
one time blip was there in the software that has been delayed. So this is the reason that both 
inventories and receivables have gone up during the quarter. Now about the payable side, as Mr. 
Sikka informed earlier that we had surplus fund lying in the bank after paying our short term 
liabilities and pre-paying our long-term debt. So that money we utilized by pre-paying our some 
of the suppliers' bills by discounting at higher than our bank rate. 
Sheel Kumar Shah: 
Okay. And that is what is acceptance, right? I mean, the last thing you said, the last thing that 
you bill discounted is also about acceptance part, right? 

 
AGI Greenpac Limited 
October 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes, basically due to changes in the disclosures requirement all the bill discounting which any 
company is doing now has to be distinctly shown as under the different nomenclature. Which in 
our case as we are showing as not as a trade payables, but as acceptances. 
Sheel Kumar Shah: 
Okay. And my second question is, even our revenue was more or less flat year-on-year, our 
OpEx has increased on the employee side and other expenses. So if you can help us understand 
what has led to increase, whether there was any one-offs? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We are trying to expand our operations now. As the growth comes through, you will see the 
numbers getting normal now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vijay Shah from Insightful Investment. Please 
go ahead.  
Vijay Shah: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. I just wanted to get a little sense on the current demand and 
the pricing environment that you see in the market. In the sense, do we have comfort on current 
level of margins over the next couple of quarters? 
Rajesh Khosla: 
As far as the demand is concerned, I think demand is more or less stable, I can say. The reason 
is because one is India has been growing, the GDP has been growing, and there is obviously 
natural growth of the demand. Secondly, the middle class of India is growing. Even the beverage 
industries, like for example, the beer industry, they have indicated that they will be growing by 
around 8%-9%. Liquor industry will be growing by 8%-9% and same thing with the other 
industries. Now, the only thing is there, sometimes the share of this growth can be different 
among the different packaging segments. It can be a little more in glass, a little less in plastic, a 
little more in plastic, a little less in glass, depending upon time-to-time, situation-to-situation 
and all. But these are the growth numbers. Now, in our case, at least I'm talking for next one 
year, so we are already peaking our capacity. And these growths, it's whatever we are 
debottlenecking, we are certainly going to get a benefit out of these growth numbers. Regarding 
the price part, the price, I think, as informed so many times earlier, we are having an 
understanding with our customers, with our buyers, that these prices will be linked to the input 
prices of the major raw material. So, whatever is good, yes, there can be a time lag. There can 
be a time lag of a few weeks or a few months, depending upon the type of contract we are having. 
With some customers, we are having a long-term agreement, which is to be reviewed every six 
months. So, there can be a time lag of six months. There can be a one year also. So, there can be 
a time lag of one year also in the worst of the case. So, those time lags will be there. But a major 
part of our production is pegged against the raw material prices, any increase or decrease of the 
prices. 
Vijay Shah: 
Got it. Thank you so much, sir. So, in case if there is any excess supply in the market in terms 
of competition coming and all, you will definitely have some 1 or 2 quarters of advance notice 
in case pricing is starting to come off, given that you already have longer term contracts with -- 

 
AGI Greenpac Limited 
October 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Rajesh Khosla: 
I think we have already matured in this industry for a long time. So, it's not like that, suppose        
demand goes up and down or supplies goes up and down, so we are going to have it in first time. 
So, we have seen number of times and we have a niche market. So, we are placed in a different 
way in the market. So, I don't think so we are much affected by that. And the way we are 
developing ourselves on technical aspects and other things, probably we will always pass 
through these rough phases. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ishpreet Kaur from Relax Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Hi, good evening. I just wanted to check with you a very basic business model question. So, the 
sales that we have, is the EBITDA per ton or kg fixed? And hence, maybe with the movement 
of the base metal, the margins could look optical? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
So, If I can understand, your question is that with our customers, is our EBITDA per ton fixed 
or is it a variable? Am I right in understanding your question? 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Right. Irrespective of the raw material price moving left and right, is the EBITDA per kg per ton 
fixed? 
Rajesh Khosla: 
No, madam. EBITDA per ton cannot be fixed with the customer. There are only basic and big 
raw materials, only those fluctuations are being neutralized by understanding and formulas. So, 
I don't think so anybody is going to fix up your EBITDA. Otherwise, a lot of what do you call, 
inefficiencies will be built up in the system. Nobody may like to do it. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Just to answer your question, like the cost production metrics and the efficiency metrics which 
AGI Greenpac has, the rest of the players in the industry may not have, although their raw 
material cost would almost be the same. Like we operate at almost 90% plus efficiency, but 
others may be operating, let's say, at 85% efficiency. Customer is not going to pay for that. 
Right? 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Right. 
Rajesh Khosla: 
Mr. Sikka, I may like to add one more thing. Ma'am, you have been able to see the better 
performance quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year for the AGI. This is basically because a lot of 
work is being done in reduction in our cost, bringing efficiency, increasing our productivity and 
even capacity utilization. So, just for the sake of discussion, if we fix our EBITDA, then all those 
benefits may not come to us and we may not be able to show the better numbers and performance 
to the market. So, even if there is some sort of indication from our customer, we may not like to 
go like this. We may not like to peg our results like this. We may always like to do a lot of efforts 
to add up in our profitability and to give the better numbers to the market. 

 
AGI Greenpac Limited 
October 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Sure. Just for another basic understanding, with the use of higher recycled material, does it help 
bring down the cost versus using the fresh raw materials? 
Rajesh Khosla: 
Ma'am, it all depends upon what price of this recycled material is available. So, there is an elastic 
curve of demand and supply in this material also. So, once your requirement goes up and then 
probably I think you have to go beyond your targeted area. So, obviously, one is by default, your 
cost goes up because of the freight element. And secondly, also once demand and supply is 
shifted, so there may be a little increase. So, but otherwise, if technically you are talking, it is 
always advisable to use maximum recycled material, which we are doing it in our case. 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Got it. Just last one from mine, what would be the contribution of specialty glass in terms of 
revenue? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Around 10% right now. 10% of the glass. But if you see overall, then it should be somewhere 
around 7% to 8%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Darak from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Yash Darak: 
Just wanted to clarify, our gross margins are I think at a 2-year high, if I'm not wrong at least. 
So, what led to such a reduction in the raw material cost? Is it the prices or is it something that 
the company has created with some sort of efficiency? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
In the last three years, as Mr. Khosla was saying, we have done a number of initiatives. We have 
done a number of CAPEXes inside our plant on 2-3 factors. Basically, one is increasing the 
throughput of the furnaces, wherein right now we are at almost 95% capacity utilization. 
Secondly, we have been able to increase our efficiency with all the initiatives. These are very 
small initiatives but very helpful, wherein efficiency is a measure that when the bottle comes 
out, what percentage of the bottle gets rejected. We have been able to literally upscale this. Third, 
we have been able to move up the value chain, wherein the overall percent of value-added 
products has increased. And also, the one major crucial factor, when you see in quarterly 
numbers, the Quarter 2, the performance from the specialty glass has also improved, wherein we 
are getting now better and better on tonnages, better and better on efficiency. It is still a long 
way for a specialty glass to go and achieve those numbers. But these are the key factors, because 
when you say gross margin. It is a factor of the overall cost and the selling price and the volume. 
In all of them, we are trying to excel everywhere. On the container glass, a lot of work has been 
done, but still we are trying to find the way. In the specialty glass, I will say we are at somewhere 
around 60%-70% of what we had planned. Another 30%-40% still unlocking can happen over 
the next 12-18 months. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to management for closing comments. Thank you 
and over to you. 

 
AGI Greenpac Limited 
October 23, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Thank you. Thanks all of you for taking time during all these festivities and having joined us. I 
feel that we have been able to answer most of your questions. If still anything is there, do write 
back to our Investor Relations Agency and we will be very happy to make a response to the 
same. Thank you. Thanks again for joining. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Notes:  1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
             2. Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference. 
             3. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
                 written consent of AGI Greenpac Limited. 
 
