 
 
 
E-Communication 
 
 
MSL/SEC/SE/2025-26                                                                     12 November 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051                          
 
Stock Code: 500265                    Scrip Code: MAHSEAMLES 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of earnings conference call held on 05 November 2025  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find below the link of transcript of earnings conference call 
held on 05 November 2025. 
 
Link to access above transcript is as under: 
 
https://www.jindal.com/msl/pdf/Transcript-of-Conference-Call-Q2-FY26-Earnings-Call.pdf  
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ram Ji Nigam 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Ram Ji 
Nigam
Digitally signed by 
Ram Ji Nigam 
Date: 2025.11.12 
21:06:46 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
05 November 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KAUSHAL BENGANI – DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER - INVESTOR 
RELATIONS & FINANCE – MAHARASHTRA SEAMLESS LIMITED  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIKASH SINGH – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Maharashtra 
Seamless Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI 
Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need an assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touchstone phone. Please note that the conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikash Singh. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Vikash Singh: 
Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of ICICI 
Securities, I welcome you all on Q2 FY '26 Maharashtra Seamless 
results con call. From the management side, we have with us Mr. 
Kaushal Bengani, Deputy General Manager – Investor Relations and 
Finance. Without taking any much time, I'll hand it over to Kaushal for 
his opening remarks. Over to you. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Thank you, Vikash. Good afternoon, shareholders, and thank you for 
joining our earnings call. During Q2 FY '26, we have been able to 
dispatch 103,000 tons of seamless pipes, which is in line with the 
quantity dispatched in the previous quarter. 
 
However, margins were impacted due to 3 key reasons. The first is the 
slowdown of expenditure in oil and gas sector, which we've pointed out 
earlier as well. The second is continuous Chinese dumping, which has 
not abated. And thirdly, there was a notional markdown of inventory to 
comply with Ind AS requirements. The encouraging sign in current pipe 
environment is that our order book has been replenished on a quarterly 
basis. However, significant margin revival appears difficult as of now. 
 
On the treasury front, there is a decline in other income on a quarterly 
basis, but on a half yearly basis, it has shot up to INR 235 crores in H1 
FY '26 vis-a-vis INR 155 crores in H1 FY '25.  

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
I will briefly summarize key financial points. On reviewing our Q2 FY 
'26 performance versus Q1 FY '26, revenue declined by 5% to INR 1,234 
crores. EBITDA declined by 27% to INR 123 crores. PAT declined by 
44% to INR 130 crores and EPS was at INR 10 per share. Whilst 
EBITDA declined by 27%, the decline in PAT was higher in Q2 FY '26 
because of a sharp increase in other income in the previous quarter, Q1 
FY '26.  
Apart from financials, there are 4 key points, which I would like to draw 
attention to. The first is the credit rating, which remains at AA+, and it's 
the highest credit rating, which the company has received in the past 11 
years, 12 years. The second point is the treasury, which is at INR 3,115 
crores as on 30th September '25. It is being judiciously managed with 
engagement and inputs at highest levels. 
 
The third point is with reference to our order book, which has improved 
by 20% from previous quarter and is now at INR 1,378 crores. On the 
capex front, at Telangana, work is continuing. We have issued purchase 
orders of INR 80 crores till now and payments of INR 52 crores has been 
made. We expect the line to commence by the end of this financial year. 
That is the entire brief. I would now request Vikash to kindly open for 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Mohamed Farouk Umar 
from Pearl Capital. Please go ahead.  
Mohamed Farouk Umar: 
Could you provide insight into the current challenges affecting 
the company's order book, especially in light of Chinese seamless pipe 
imports? You would also appreciate details on Chinese current 
production capacity and domestic demand for seamless pipes. The main 
reason behind the dumping in Indian market and what kind of 
government support the company is receiving to mitigate these effects? 
Additionally, do you foresee any shift in demand that might improve the 
order situation? 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Kaushal Bengani: 
I refer to the comments I made in the opening statement that there is a 
slowdown of expenditure in the oil and gas sector. That slowdown 
started a few quarters ago and is continuing. We do not see any 
indicators to conclusively say that the slowdown is well past us. The 
good part that is being reflected from the communication that we've put 
out is that we have been able to replenish the order book. However, 
margins are expected to stay muted. On the Chinese dumping front, there 
is overcapacity in China and products are being dumped into India. 
 
We have started working on the enhancement of antidumping duty, the 
present antidumping duty is not so effective right now. That has also 
been communicated earlier. And it is in place till October 2026. Any 
enhancement or continuity of antidumping duty will only be known after 
October 2026. However, the continuous Chinese dumping has affected 
margins of the entire domestic industry. 
Mohamed Farouk Umar: 
The company -- the company's current holding -- holds a 
significant cash reserve of INR3,000 crores, including investments, 
approximately this is around INR200 per share to INR250 per share and 
has a relative modest capital expenditure plan of around INR850 crores 
in the coming years? 
 
Could you share management's perspective on the rationale behind 
maintaining such a large cash balance and whether there are any plans to 
return capital to shareholders through dividends or buybacks? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
In the past few years, we've quadrupled the dividend, which we would 
pay out earlier. And I think the level of dividend, which we've given out 
in the past, we will maintain that. We've done that in financial year FY 
'25 as well. 
 
The rationale for conserving cash has been explained many times on 
earlier conference calls, and I would urge you to kindly refer to 
transcripts of those calls. Nothing has changed since then, and we 
continue to retain cash. 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Mohamed Farouk Umar: 
Okay. The last one, given Maharashtra Seamless strong market 
leadership in seamless pipe, its substantial cash reserves, very low P/B 
ratio in the market around 9. It is interesting that the market still seems a 
lack of confidence in the management. Could you please elaborate on the 
key reason behind this market skepticism and what steps management 
plans to take to enhance the investor confidence? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We are market leaders, as you rightly pointed out. However, the entire 
industry is facing the effects of the slowdown of capital expenditure in 
oil and gas sector and the continuous Chinese dumping. Members of our 
peer group have also seen a decline in company valuations, and it is not 
something which is exclusive to our organization. The headwinds are not 
exclusively being faced by Maharashtra Seamless, but by the industry as 
a whole. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. 
Radha: 
Sir, continuing with the previous participant's question, how much 
capacity is there in China and how much overcapacity is there currently? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
I'm surprised that this question is being asked by you to me when you are 
an industry analyst. So I'll urge you to refer to the data sources that you 
have because you have access to a larger database than I do. 
Radha: 
Sir, actually, what I wanted to understand is from the overcapacity, how 
much imports are happening in India currently from China? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
That is a different question. So imports are as high as 20%, 25% of the 
total domestic industry size, which is impacting the margin of the entire 
industry. 
Radha: 
Okay. Sir, secondly, according to the Seamless Tubes Manufacturers 
Association of India, the seamless capacity in India is currently 1.9 
million tons, whereas the demand is 1.3 million tons. So if we say 20% 
to 25% of the industry size, so is it the right number if you take 20% to 
25% of the 1.3 million ton demand that they have stated recently? 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Those numbers are not correct because they refer to nameplate capacity, 
which is different from actual capacity. Actual production of seamless 
pipes in India is around 9 lakh tons. So the 20%, 25% is linked to the 
actual production of 9 lakh tons annually. 
Radha: 
Understood, sir. Sir, with regards to that, now with China dumping, has 
there been -- what is the current market share of Maharashtra Seamless? 
And has there been any deterioration compared to last 3 years? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
There has been no deterioration compared to last 3 years because we are 
still on track to manufacture 4 lakh tons of seamless pipes in this 
financial year. We have done around 206,000 tons in the first 2 quarters, 
and we will maintain that run rate. 
Radha: 
Sir, but in 2 years back also, it was INR4 lakhs. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
I'm sorry. 
Radha: 
Sir, 2 years back also, we were doing INR4 lakhs. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Yes. So there has been no decline. 
Radha: 
But the market for new players have come and market is also increasing 
every year. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Market is not growing so much. Market grows at around 2%, 3% 
annually, not more than that because the customers to whom we sell are 
oil and gas players. If oil and gas exploration is not increasing in India, 
then the market cannot grow. 
Radha: 
Okay, sir. And sir, exports used to be exports primarily to U.S. used to 
be one of the key markets for Maharashtra Seamless. Now with the 
change in tariffs, how do you see the supply chains change? And where 
do you see it settling down in the next 6 months? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Exports have not been very good. They had started to revise towards the 
end of calendar year 2024. However, due to the anticipation of the tariff 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
tantrum and the actual tariff tantrum, export orders have not conclusively 
improved, and that is the position as of now. 
Radha: 
Understood, sir. Sir, in your PPT, it mentioned that previously, we used 
to give that out of the total order book, we have certain number of orders 
from drill pipes. So this time, that is not mentioned. And it also 
mentioned that... 
Kaushal Bengani: 
There are no orders for drill pipes. I would urge you to please read what 
is mentioned in the PPT. It is mentioned that orders for drill pipes are 
awaited. So if there are no orders, then how do I write that there are no 
orders. 
Radha: 
Yes, sir. So how much orders are you expecting? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We are waiting. We don't have any visibility right now. 
Radha: 
Okay, sir. Is there any update on disposition of Jindal Explorer rigs from 
the books? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
There is no update on the proposal that you mentioned. The rig is in the 
final stage of refurbishment and will be deployed in about 10 days' time 
on its new ONGC contract. 
Radha: 
Okay. Sir, last question is with this commissioning of this new line in 
Telangana and considering the product mix that we have in seamless 
pipes, is there a headroom to go up the value chain within the seamless 
segment? And are we planning for any such thing in this Telangana line 
or in future? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We've gone up the value chain already. And the only reason why we are 
doing this in Telangana is to ensure that the existing capacity is fully 
utilized. The line that we are putting up in Telangana is a finishing line. 
We already have manufacturing capacity of 2 lakh tons in Telangana. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway 
Investments. 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Sir, just 2 questions. One is the revenue from operations basically has 
dropped to INR1,158 crores from INR1,259 crores year-on-year. You 
basically pass on the cost of raw materials to the customers, right? So the 
decrease in raw materials would have been passed on. What explains this 
-- and there is no much change in your employee cost or even other 
expenses have been curtailed. What explains this drop in EBITDA to 
such a level of 27% year -- I mean, 46% year-on-year? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
There was a notional markdown of inventory because the raw material 
prices have fallen. When these orders are dispatched, the effect of 
notional markdown will be reflected in actual profit. So there is no cash 
loss. It is only an accounting adjustment. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
And is there any quantification of this notional loss of markdowns? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Our realizations have not declined and the quantity of product which has 
been dispatched that has also not declined. So I think if you add cost of 
materials consumed with change of inventory of the previous quarter and 
of the current quarter, then the difference between these 2 figures would 
be largely attributed to the notional markdown. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. Fine. That's one. Secondly, what is the reason why there is so 
much of variance in EBITDA per ton in ERW between quarter-to-
quarter, it just keeps changing so widely. Is there any particular reason? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Yes. The ERW segment is actually a composition of 2 subsegments, the 
oil sector ERW pipe and the water sector ERW pipe. What had happened 
was that the oil sector ERW pipes orders, which are API-certified pipes, 
those orders were dispatched in 1st quarter instead of the gradual 
dispatches that we usually experience. 
 
Therefore, the ERW margin in the first quarter was significantly higher 
than what it was in the second quarter. In addition to the difference in 
product mix in both quarters, there was also the effect of the notional 
markdown of inventory. 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. So oil ERW pipes have a higher EBITDA per ton? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Yes. They are API-certified pipes. We manufacture both types of pipes 
for the oil sector and for the water sector. Margins in the water sector are 
lower, much lower than the margins in the oil sector. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
And just one last question. When I look at your capex allocation, that 
statement remains the same for quarters to come. Is there any -- see, in 
your commentary, you give me the breakup of how much has actually 
been utilized. Is it possible for you to mention that in the presentation 
itself? Or is it not? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We can do that, but there is no problem on that point. The issue is that 
the market has changed since the time we put out the capital expenditure 
plan. And we are looking at a situation where margins may decline by a 
few hundred rupees from now. So we will have to do a reassessment. 
Therefore, we don't put it out. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
So this capital allocation might change going forward in the coming 
quarters. Some of them might be delayed or something of that on? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
It has already been delayed, and there may be further delay on other 
items of capital expenditure depending on the market conditions because 
the effect of Chinese dumping on the entire industry is apparent across 
financials of all peers. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Yes, I have seen that. And lastly, on this Cold Drawn pipes, which last 
quarter, I think you had mentioned that it will commence production in 
this quarter. Any update on that? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
There were 2 draw benches, which we had put out. One of them has 
commenced production. The other one will commence production in 
about a week from now. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. Will it impact the financial? 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Kaushal Bengani: 
But it's a value addition product with very low tonnage. So it will 
support us in an environment of declining margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Namaskar Kaushal ji. Sir, can you just come again for the last point, the 
earlier participant was mentioning about the cold drawn pipe, I am 
unable to understand. Can you please repeat it once more? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
There were 2 draw benches, which we were planning to put. One has 
already started operation. The other one will start operation in about a 
week's time. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And these are with respect to the Nagothane facility? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Maharashtra facility, there's a different manufacturing facility where we 
are doing this. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, when you have mentioned earlier also the adverse impact of the 
Chinese dumping, you were -- you have explained to us that it is 
particularly to certain specific product. Since the antidumping is there, 
but some products were left at that time or they were not in the basket. 
So how much do that products actually take the pie that are impacting? 
 
What are those specific product specification that are now being targeted 
by -- especially by the Chinese? And is that product only that is in 
significant demand or how anti-dumping duty importance has been 
declined? That was my question. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
The value addition products that we have developed after 2016 -- they 
are not covered by the original antidumping duty. Those products are 
namely cylinder pipes, sour service subsea seamless pipes and drill 
pipes. These products were not manufactured in India in 2016 when the 
original antidumping duty was implemented. So that effect is there on 
the entire industry. 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 
In addition to that, the products on which antidumping duty was 
implemented, the prohibitive effect of the antidumping duty is no longer 
there.  Therefore, the entire market is now open for Chinese dumping. 
And that is why we are seeing a decline in margins, mainly. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, you mentioned about the formula to figure out what was the notional 
loss. So have you had the numbers handy with you? Just to get an 
understanding that we have -- we were looking at EBITDA per ton in the 
vicinity of INR12,000 per ton to INR15,000 per ton, if I'm not wrong. So 
does that hold good for the latter half of this financial year, even after 
eliminating the impact of the inventory losses? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
For the second quarter, if there were no inventory losses, which are 
entirely notional, I would reiterate, then we would have made margins 
like we did in the first quarter of this financial year or maybe slightly 
higher than that because our realization has not declined and the tonnage 
that we've dispatched, that has also not declined. Even other expenses 
have been curtailed. 
 
So definitely, we would have done margins in the range of what was 
done in the first quarter of this financial year. The effect of this notional 
markdown will reverse when these products are dispatched in the next 
quarter. So there is a possibility that in the third quarter, margins will not 
decline so much if realizations hold. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And for the second half, since we have an order book which we will be 
executing over a period of 4 months from now, that will cover quarter -- 
I think entire quarter 3 and some portion of, I think, so quarter 4 also. So 
you can give us some understanding that this margin holds, this would be 
a -- at least for what we have done for first quarter. That is a reasonable 
estimate. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
I cannot confirm. You want a confirmation, I cannot give you that 
confirmation. 
Saket Kapoor: 
No. 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Kaushal Bengani: 
I will tell you, I cannot give you that confirmation because the notional 
effect of inventory markdown or inventory valuation increase, that I 
cannot figure out right now what the raw material prices will be on 31st 
December. That accounting effect has to be considered. Otherwise, I can 
tell you that margins on an absolute basis have not worsened as much as 
is being reflected in the results. But having said that, there is also the 
effect of slowdown of capital expenditure in oil and gas sector and 
Chinese dumping. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, right, sir. Sir, on the premium threading business, although some 
work has been underway for developing and I think so some 
premiumization with the Japanese player, where are we, sir, in terms of 
concluding that part and then introducing the products? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
They have issued a license certificate to our wholly owned subsidiary, 
Jindal Premium Connections Private Limited. So work is on track. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And what portion of the target market we will be able to access once all 
the formalities are done with? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We are working on this right now, and I don't want to disclose because 
this is also available to our competitors. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Not an issue, sir. Sir, lastly, sir, on the tonnage part, as you mentioned 
that our tonnage has remained in this -- I'm talking only for the seamless, 
just to be in particular, that it was 103,000 tons for both the quarters. 
And last year, sir, we had sales of 442,000 tons. So taking into account 
the current order booking and also you have some color on the bid 
pipeline also. Are we in a position to be closer to this 442,000 tons 
number for the year as a whole in terms of dispatches? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
I think you should take the run rate that we've done in the first 2 quarters 
because it becomes increasingly difficult to sell products in an 
environment where the customer is not required to buy as much pipes as 
we want to sell because of a slowdown of expenditure in the oil and gas 
sector. 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. And lastly, sir, on this CCI part of the story, although all the 
updates have been -- whatever necessary updates were provided to the 
stock exchanges about CCI looking for some information for previous 
financial year. Any update on the same and for which financial year 
exactly the inquiry has been initiated? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
There is no update in the sense that they came to our offices and they 
collected whatever data they wanted. And they have asked us for more 
data, which we have provided to them. That is all that I can tell you right 
now. But there is no effect of that on our regular business operations. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. And my last one would be on the other income component 
part. So when -- as per the accounting standard part, we need to keep the 
entire treasury book mark-to-market. So sir, since your presentation is 
very elaborate, if we could also provide us with how much actual profits 
have been booked and how much is the notional part, where should 
investors get that number? 
 
And secondly, sir, we have also seen in some of the corporate, whether 
the accounting standard permits that -- the line item is routed through the 
other comprehensive income also. So if that could be the same from the 
audit part, then this number affecting the profitability to a greater extent 
would be eliminated. That was my understanding and suggestion, sir. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
On the OCI part, we have checked with our auditors who have taken a 
view that if the instruments in which we have invested are not on a long-
term basis, then we cannot classify it through OCI. We will have to route 
it through other income. Because a significant portion of the treasury is 
linked to the equity market, we have decided not to go through OCI route 
because we may or may not want to capitalize on market fluctuation. 
 
Regarding the point that you made in relation to realized profit and 
unrealized profit -- that is not required to be disclosed. However, if you 
still want it, then it will not be appropriate to provide you only the 
realized and unrealized profit on the treasury part because there are also 
other components like rent and interest and provisions which are written 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
back and other receipts. So unless I give you all of that, you will not be 
able to make a thorough assessment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manav Mehta. 
Manav Mehta: 
With regards to the cash with the company, I understand company has 
been holding a significant amount of cash around INR3,000 crores. And 
earlier as well, you had explained you plan to hold the cash for some 
acquisition. I just want to understand the perspective of the management, 
whereas we have been holding cash for a while now for some future 
acquisition which might play out or which may not. 
 
Instead of that, why is the company not investing in some renewable 
projects, whereas it can generate some recurring revenues in solar or 
wind where we already have a vertical -- small vertical. Why don't we 
invest some good chunk of amount in that vertical? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We already have 59.5 megawatt of renewable energy capacity, out of 
which 1 wind and 2 solar plants are in Maharashtra and 2 solar plants are 
in Rajasthan. 
Manav Mehta: 
Yes, I do understand. But we can scale it up as well, right, where we can 
generate recurring revenues. I mean we are earning a good chunk of 
profit from that as well around INR20 crores, INR27 crores per year? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We earn EBITDA of approximately INR60 crores from that every year. 
Manav Mehta: 
And my question was why is the management not focusing over there? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We looked at the economics and unless there is some form of incentive 
available at the time of putting the project, it is not giving us meaningful 
returns. 
Manav Mehta: 
What kind of incentive? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
To that effect, we've petitioned the government in Telangana that we 
want to scale up our operations in Telangana, and therefore, we are 
desirous of putting a solar power plant, but open access permission has 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
not yet been granted over there. That is the only renewable energy 
project, which we are looking at right now. 
Manav Mehta: 
Okay. Yes. And on the capex front, I'm assuming since you mentioned 
we are facing some headwinds from Chinese dumping. Are we going to 
reduce it going ahead? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Let us finish what we've started, let that project end and then we'll update 
you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway 
Investments. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Just a follow-up on the inventory notional markdown. You have been on 
record saying that for every order that you get, you do a back-to-back 
arrangement for the raw material, so it gets blocked and should not 
therefore -- so what was the need for this notional markdown? Any -- is 
this a one-off thing? Or is it audit requirement? Or was it an old... 
Kaushal Bengani: 
It is an accounting requirement. I'll tell you what I mean. Suppose I sell 
pipes for INR 500. And when I get an order for INR 500, I will buy raw 
material. And I have bought the raw material for INR 300 at that point in 
time. Then the order remains unexecuted because I still have some time 
for delivery of that order. And in the interim period, if there is a quarterly 
closure and the price of raw material has fallen from INR 300 to INR 
250, then the inventory that I hold for which I paid INR 300, I will have 
to mark it down to INR 250. 
 
Therefore, the notional loss of INR 50 will be booked on the quarter end. 
In the next quarter, when the order of INR 500, which I have taken for 
which inventory has been purchased at INR 300 and was subsequently 
marked down to INR 250, that order is dispatched, then the profit I will 
earn on that order, assuming no conversion cost would be INR 250. So a 
loss of INR 50 in the first quarter, which is entirely notional and a profit 
of INR 250 in the next quarter. 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
INR 50 profit in the next quarter is also notional. It is actually INR200 
net-net? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Actual profit is INR 200 only. Correct. So, on a per order basis, I have 
not lost any money. But due to the accounting adjustment, the effect is 
reflected in the financials. The accounting standard says that at the end 
of any reporting period, you have to value stock. Stock is valued at lower 
of cost or net realizable value. At the end of the quarter, with the 
example that I've just taken, the net realizable value of the stock of INR 
300 was INR 250. Hence, the notional effect. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Yes. So this will happen the reverse way when the raw material prices 
start going up. So yes, I understand that. Okay. Just one more broader 
question. As I can see, I mean, the company is honestly very well 
managed. So it's heartening to see all the parameters checked out. 
 
But since your overdependence on 2 major customers, which is oil and 
gas and those 2 of ONGC and Oil and one single product, which is 
seamless pipe, you get rogered because of the momentum. Is there any 
plan to address this issue, maybe diversify, maybe do something? Is 
there any thought process on that? And don't take me wrong. You may -- 
it is your call ultimately. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Sir, we don't want to diversify. We have been market leaders for the past 
35 years. We want to retain that position. If you look at the history of the 
seamless pipe industry in India, all of our peers without exception, have 
either been bankrupted or they have approached bankruptcy courts. We 
are the only company which has not done any of this, and we have been 
cash rich at all times. 
 
It is not something which has happened through luck or sheer 
coincidence, but due to certain principles of management, which are 
followed, which we want to stick to. Now these principles of 
management may not align with the interest of the equity shareholder on 
a short-term basis. But in the longer term, the benefits are available for 
everyone. 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Absolutely. I take that point. I think this was also discussed last time, and 
you had mentioned the same thing. So the only threat from Chinese 
dumping, I don't know how long it will last. But it does drain out your -- 
all the efforts that you are making in running this more so well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krishna Kumar from retail investor. 
Krishna Kumar: 
My question is related to the margins. And what would be the 
sustainable margin? I presume that since you have taken notional losses, 
that should be coming back in the coming quarters. But what should be 
the sustainable margin we should be looking at in this kind of depressed 
scenarios? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
In the past, we used to make margins of INR 7,000 per ton, INR 8,000 
per ton, then margins shot up to INR 30,000 per ton. I think that the 
larger band is between INR 7,000 per ton to INR 30,000 per ton and a 
more reasonable band is INR 8,000 per ton to INR 15,000 per ton. I don't 
believe on a medium-term basis, margins can be sustained at elevated 
levels because something or the other happens in the crude oil industry, 
which affects the margins of all players. 
Krishna Kumar: 
Okay. So what will be the percentage EBITDA margin would be like 
15% or something or... 
Kaushal Bengani: 
It cannot be measured. I would urge you to go through the transcripts of 
the earlier calls. It is very difficult to forecast margins because we sit on 
an order book of 3 months to 3.5 months. Therefore, for me to forecast 
margins for the quarter after the 3-month quarter is not possible. 
 
Other pipe companies, which you may encounter have order books of 7 
months, 8 months, 9 months or of a longer duration. And therefore, it is 
easier for them to forecast. But for us, that is not the case. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, when we -- as you mentioned about the dumping from the Chinese 
counterparts. So specifically, if we look at oil exploration in the country, 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
they are mainly carried out at a major part is from ONGC and Oil India 
only. So with respect to the specific products, they are -- then ONGC and 
Oil India are buying from these Chinese players itself with reference to 
the product of subsea pipes and the drill pipes? Or there is no demand 
that is -- how is that math working since I think so some embargo is 
there for them only to purchase from the Indian players only? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
This happens through the dealer route. So Chinese manufacturers sell to 
a dealer, the dealer then participates in the tender and sells to the 
eventual customer. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Okay. So then they are able to bifurcate that part of the story also 
where I think some INR250 crores something worth of orders need to be 
only routed through the Indian players. So that goes with the dealer part, 
okay? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
And sir, on the project award, I put out a new point on Slide 17 of the 
presentation. It says that project awards have declined 27% year-on-year 
and 13% in quarter 2 FY '26. It further says that although tender 
announcements have reached record highs, actual awarding remains 
delayed. We are also facing that situation and our peer group is also 
facing that situation. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So I was coming to this point only, sir, then how should we look 
at the bid pipeline? The time it is taking to mature and the orders being 
finally -- AOP being hand over is getting elongated. But do we rely on 
the bid pipeline in terms of making the assessment of how the order 
tendering will be going ahead since it's now became an elongated 
process? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
In order to run a mill, if direct tenders are not being received, then we 
have to sell more to the dealer segment where margins are lower. 
Because the furnace in which billets are heated, that furnace is operating 
at all times. So we have to ensure that the mill keeps running. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So we are running at optimum level? 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Yes, sir. The dispatches have not fallen. However, margins have been 
impacted. And -- in a situation where order book visibility is reduced, we 
are unable to bid aggressively because we have the constraint to operate 
our mill. And hence, we want to capture whatever order is available. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, sir. That answers the part of the demand issue. And we have to see 
how the second half plays out and the budgeting aspect for the state PSU 
in terms of the final tendering process. So that will only give us an 
understanding how our order book shapes up going ahead. And for the -- 
in the presentation, sir, when you mentioned about the liquid investment 
part, if you could also quantify to us since in the annual report we have 
seen that a large portion of it is in the liquid funds itself. 
 
So if you can give the breakup of mutual fund or give a note on 
pertaining to what is subject to the market wagering means the stock 
prices moving up and down and how much is pertaining towards the 
liquid funds where there is negligible chances of any downward mark-to-
market. That would suffice a lot, I think. So 2,584 is what the number is 
for the mutual fund? 
 
So further granular details in terms of liquid funds and the funds exposed 
to equity linked, that would be very helpful. That's the only suggestion, 
sir. And all the best to the team, sir. And we hope that we hear much 
more on the capital allocation policy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikash Singh from ICICI 
Securities. 
Vikash Singh: 
Just a little bit clarification. When you said that your project has already 
been delayed, does it also account the new 100 kt facility because of 
want of an order book? And secondly, usually, November onwards is the 
time when ONGC and other oil and gas companies starts giving us the 
tenders for bidding? So these 2 things, if you could clarify, it would be 
helpful. 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited
 
 
05 November 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Kaushal Bengani: 
On the Telangana project, the reason why I said that it was delayed was 
because it was supposed to be concluded by December 2025. However, 
in the previous call or the call before that, I had guided that it would be 
concluded by March 2026. And that is why I said that it has been 
delayed, not because of want of orders, but because of some additional 
time taken by one of our vendors in delivering essential machinery. 
 
On the other point, which was ordering by PSUs, we are hopeful that 
ordering inflow will happen in the second half. But till that happens, we 
don't want to give a guidance that it will happen. But generally, in the 
past, we have seen that in any financial year, the second half of the 
financial year is better than the first half of that financial year, 
irrespective of the market condition. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have 
reached to the end of the question-and-answer session. I now would like 
to hand over the conference to Mr. Vikash Singh. Thank you. 
Vikash Singh: 
Yes. Thank you, operator. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to 
thank the management for giving us the opportunity to host them. Now I 
hand it over to Kaushal for his closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Thank you, shareholders, for participating on a holiday, and thank you to 
Vikash and Madam moderator for working on a holiday. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Maharashtra Seamless and ICICI Securities 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
