 
 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
Tel :   +91 79 6624 3200 
(Formerly known as Adani Gas Ltd)  
Fax:   +91 79 2754 2988 
Crest 4-5, Inspire Business Park 
 
investor.agl@adani.com 
Shantigram, Nr. Vaishnodevi Circle,                    www.adanigas.com 
S.G.Highway, Ahmedabad – 382 421 
Gujarat, India 
CIN: L40100GJ2005PLC046553 
Registered Office: “Adani Corporate House”, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad - 382421 
November 3, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Code: 542066
Scrip Code: ATGL
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter  and half year ended September 30, 
2025 
 
In continuation to our intimation dated  October 29, 2025, please find below web link 
of transcript of the Earnings Call on Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025 held on 
October 29, 2025.  
 
Web link to access above transcript is as under: 
 
https://www.adanigas.com/-/media/Project/AdaniGas/Investors/Financials/Earnings-
Call-Transcript-and--Recordings/ATGL_2QFY26_Conference-Call_Transcript.pdf 
 
Copy of the said transcript is also attached herewith. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
 
Anil Agrawal 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A14063 
 
Encl : As above. 
 
 
 
 
Anil 
Ramsahay 
Agrawal
Digitally signed by 
Anil Ramsahay 
Agrawal 
Date: 2025.11.03 
18:49:51 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Adani Total Gas Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 29, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SURESH MANGLANI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ADANI TOTAL GAS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. PREYASH JHAVERI – HEAD OF FINANCE – ADANI 
TOTAL GAS LIMITED 
 
MR. RAVINDRA DESAI – HEAD OF GAS SOURCING AND 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT – ADANI TOTAL GAS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. ADISH VAKHARIA – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
ADANI TOTAL GAS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Adani Total Gas Limited Q2 FY26 
Earnings Conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing star and then 
zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. From Adani Total Gas, we are joined on the 
call by Mr. Suresh P. Manglani, Executive Director and CEO, Mr. Preyash Jhaveri, Head of 
Finance, and Mr. Ravindra Desai, Head of Gas Sourcing and Business Development. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Suresh P. Manglani, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 
from Adani Total Gas Limited. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Manglani. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Thank you. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Greetings and wishing you a Happy New Year 
filled with joy and prosperity. It's a pleasure to welcome our investors, analysts, and fund houses 
to this call. Thank you for taking the time to join us today for the Q2, which is from July to 
September and first half, April to September, FY25-26 results call of Adani Total Gas. 
 
I am pleased to share the operational and financial results of Adani Total Gas for the quarter and 
half year ending September 30, 2025. Let me now begin by sharing details on our volume growth 
and network expansion during the half year. ATGL achieved robust overall volume growth of 
16% year-on-year basis, with CNG volume rising 18% year-on-year in Q2 FY26 and 19% year-
on-year for first half FY26, while P&G volume grew 11% in the quarter and 9% for the half 
year. 
 
This was driven by network expansion or a deeper market penetration. During the quarter, we 
added 12 new CNG stations, taking our network to 662 stations. Out of these 662 stations, 129 
CNG stations are either company-owned, dealer-operated or dealer-owned, dealer-operated. 
 
We are looking to add more CODO and DODO outlets as part of our expansion strategy. In line 
with our focus of expanding infrastructure network across our geographical areas, our steel 
pipeline infrastructure now has increased to 14,524-inch kilometers. This is the backbone for 
our CGD infrastructure and helps us to reach large masses across all our 34 geographical areas. 
 
With the addition of nearly 27,000 new home P&G connections during the quarter and around 
54,000 new P&G home connections in the first half of fiscal year, I am very happy to inform 
you all that we have surpassed a major milestone of 1 million consumers during this quarter. 
 
Our industrial and commercial consumers, which are generally bulk users, has reached 9,603 
consumers. We have added 147 new consumers during this quarter and 304 new industrial and 
commercial consumers during the first half, covering diversified industries and commercial 
establishments. 
 
You are aware that we have SPV, which is an operating e-mobility business, setting up EV 
charging stations across the country. The SPV name is Adani Total Energy's e-mobility limited. 
The footprint of our e-mobility team has now increased to 4,209 installed charging points across 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 3 of 20 
 
26 states, Union Territories, and 226 cities, which is equivalent to 42 megawatt installed 
capacity. 
 
We are rapidly progressing towards achieving a network of 10,000 EV charging points. Along 
with our 50-50 JV, you are aware that we also have a 50-50 JV with Indian Oil Corporation. The 
JV name is Indian Oil Adani Gas Private Limited, IOAGPL. 
 
If we add ATGL plus IOAGPL, our consolidated nationwide CGD network now stands at 1,095 
CNG stations, almost touching 1,100 CNG stations, 12 lakh plus PNG home connections, nearly 
11,000 C&I consumers, and 26,411-inch kilometers of steel pipeline network. Collectively, 
ATGL and IOAGPL is serving 53 geographical areas, which translates to 125 districts. 
 
Out of this, 34 geographical areas, translating to 95 districts, is being serviced by ATGL, and 
remaining 19 geographical areas, translating to 30 districts, is being serviced by our JV company, 
IOAGPL. 
 
With the continued support to CGD industry, the supply chain for APM and new oil gas, which 
we get in lieu of reduction in APM, has been realigned now. The supply chain has been 
realigned, which has resulted in a levy of 2% CST, instead of earlier, which was being levied 
15% VAT. This has been made effective from 1st October 2025, and this is applicable only to 
the gas which is supplied outside Gujarat, because Gujarat VAT was 15%. 
 
Now the realignment of the supply chain has resulted in a levy of 2% for the gas which is being 
supplied outside Gujarat. This development is certainly helping us to now work out and provide 
enhanced affordability to our CNG and PNG home consumers. On the financial performance 
front, the revenue from operations for Q2 and first half ‘26 has risen by 19% in Q2 to INR1,569 
crores and in first half by 20% to INR3,060 crores, respectively on account of the overall volume 
growth. 
 
Our EBITDA for Q2-FY ’26 was INR302 crores and for first half, INR603 crores. Profit before 
tax for quarter two was INR217 crores and for first half, INR436 crores. Profit after tax for 
quarter two, July to September FY ‘25/26 was INR162 crores and for first half, April to 
September period was INR324 crores. 
 
During the quarter, another good development which took place and I am delighted to share with 
you all that the external credit rating agencies have now assigned Adani Total Gas upgraded to 
AA+, which is a stable rating by ICRA. CARE and CRISIL two another crediting agency, they 
have given us a fresh rating of AA+ stable for ATGL. So now we have three ratings from three 
different rating agencies and all three are AA+ stable. 
 
Now this reflects the growing scale of our operations, underpinned by healthy volume growth, 
a favorite demand outlook and continued network expansion. It also acknowledges our strong 
promoter backing, robust gas sourcing arrangements and a sound financial profile. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
During the quarter, you will be very happy to know that Adani Total Gas won three PNGRB, 
which is our regulator, three different awards for the CGD development in the areas of HSE, 
sustainability and customer delight segment. 
 
In closing, I would like to reiterate that Adani Total Gas remains committed to supporting India's 
energy transition by delivering affordable, reliable and cleaner energy solution across 
households, transportations and industrial segment. 
 
The revenue and volume growth along with the upgrade in crediting from these three leading 
rating agencies underscores the strength of our sustainable business model. Taking this 
opportunity to thank all our shareholders, analysts, fund houses, our consumers, dealers, 
suppliers, business partners and employees for their continued trust and support. 
 
I am very happy that Team ATGL has delivered very impressive Q2 and first half results. Your 
confidence in our journey inspires us to keep pushing boundaries and delivering sustainable 
growth. Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Sabri Hazarika from Emkay Global Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Good morning and thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions. The first one relates 
to this Gujarat VAT realignment. Can you quantify in your case what is the benefit which is 
accrued to the company in terms of EBITDA per scm and also whether you have any requirement 
to pass it on to customers or can you use it to expand your margins? 
Suresh Manglani: 
You can ask the second question as well. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
The second question is on this PNGRB zonal reapportionment where they have put CGD under 
Zone 1. When is it expected to get implemented because it was supposed to happen in one month 
and now it has been 2-3 months. The third question is on your APM allocation and new wells 
gas allocation in Q2 and also the run rate currently? These are my three questions. Thank you. 
Suresh Manglani: 
First of all, I am very happy Mr. Hazarika that you are so updated with the developments which 
this sector is witnessing. All three questions are very relevant and I am very happy that you are 
asking. I am sure these questions must be in the minds of many other analysts who are there on 
the call or many may not be on the call. 
 
Let me respond each one by one. Gujarat VAT versus CST. As I explained, this is because of 
the realignment of a supply chain and this is applicable on APM because remaining gas was 
anyway being purchased on CST whether we buy from HPHT or RLNG. All is being purchased 
on CST which is a legitimate transaction which we buy from outside Gujarat or from any 
destination to another destination which is interstate. 
 
In this case, the impact on EBITDA per scm keep varying depending upon how much we get 
APM and new well gas. So it is by anybody's guess a 13% difference from 2% versus 13%. That 
is what is the difference. 15% was non-wettable. 2% is again a cost to us. So 13% is a net benefit 
which is coming. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
Your question is are we passing through? Of course, we have to pass through. So, we will be 
calibrating and you will see very soon. We were actually waiting for all the information to get 
compiled bills to come. So we would be passing through. You will be hearing that news very 
soon. 
 
Ultimately, Adani Group has always taken this view that our vision is to make PNG and CNG 
as much as we could do from our side more and more affordable and that is what we have been 
doing ensuring prudent pricing. So we will be calibrating our pricing pass-through shortly. The 
second question was yours. 
 
What is happening to Zone 1 tariff which the notification has come but actual implementation is 
yet to take place? The notification was a first step. First of all, I think it is a big compliment to 
PNGRB as well as to pipeline industry, transmission industry which has supported this initiative 
that CGD being a primary sector and consumers should get full benefit of this tariff part. 
 
So we are now waiting. The industry consultations are taking place by regulator. Hopefully, we 
expect sooner than the later this implementation will take place. Of course, there are various 
nuances which have to be taken care of that finally what is the Zone 1 tariff is coming which is 
applicable for us and implication if there are current Zone 1 tariff is much lesser. 
 
It has to be going somewhere in middle part and then Zone 2 tariff will have some implications. 
So overall, I think there has to be a consensus among the industry player including those CGDs 
who may have more implication of Zone 1 tariff itself which was earlier lower and now it may 
go little higher on that side. 
 
So I think there are nuances on this. This is while regulator has taken a strong step of moving 
forward and notifying it. We are expecting sooner that this implementation also will take place. 
A lot of work we understand is going on in terms of ensuring there is a consensus among all the 
industry players and CGD entities. We are quite supportive of this and we are awaiting 
implementation as well. 
 
Third, you had asked again a very important question on APM and new oil gas allocation. We 
have stated that there has been a further moderation down of APM allocation in the first half. 
Earlier if you compare the previous year, the combined allocation was 70%. This time it is 59% 
in the first half. 
 
If I ask you in the quarter 2, which is the relevant quarter for this, it was 35%-36% around 
combined of the APM new allocation, 35.8%. Both, 35%-36%. So that is the allocation. The 
only thing which is benefiting us is our gas sourcing strategy as we have been always making 
you aware that we have this continuous efforts. 
 
Ravindra, who is our Gas Sourcing Head and all of his team, they are continuously working, 
watching market, what is going on and they are securing gas at different indices, different tenures 
and that is what we are working on. So I think that our strategy on gas sourcing, portfolio 
building is helping us to mitigate the adversity which is coming from reduction in the APM and 
the new oil gas combined. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Just a small follow up. So 35%-36% is APM plus new oil gas combined in Q2 and you mentioned 
H1 was 59%. So versus Q1 versus Q2, the combined allocation itself has fallen significantly. Is 
that right? 
Suresh Manglani: 
Let me give it to Ravindra. Why don't you just take this question? What was the Q1 allocation? 
APM plus new oil gas. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
And also breakup between APM and new oil gas. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Yeah, yeah. 
Ravindra Desai: 
So APM for CNG was around 51.48%, 52% versus come down around 36% on country 
allocation level. However, if you look at the HPHT allocation which has increased significantly 
and the new well intervention gas has come along in addition to the APM. So the substitution is 
happening. So the cheaper gas APM is being replaced probably by a bit higher value NWG gas. 
Suresh Manglani: 
No, his question was that APM plus new well gas in Q1 is how much combined? Because Q1 
you told me 60%. 
Ravindra Desai: 
Q2 57%. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Q2 57% combined. Combined it is . And combined Q1 is how much? 
Ravindra Desai: 
60%. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Combined. 57% versus 60%. Mr. Hazarika, that's the data. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
And of this new well gas, pure new well gas is how much? 
Suresh Manglani: 
You have details? 
Ravindra Desai: 
No, we'll get back to you on that. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Okay, you've got a combined detail. Currently we have a combined detail. Mr. Hazarika, we can 
always give you the detailed breakup. But generally we look at a combined because new oil gas 
is being given in lieu of the reduction in APM. So we always keep it a combined data. But if you 
are interested to see the data… 
Sabri Hazarika: 
No, that's fine. And just a small thing, this Gujarat VAT, when you mention APM, you mention 
APM along with new oil gas, right? There also it will be applicable, right? Because it's the same 
source, right? Same domestic source, yeah. Okay, thank you so much and all the best. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Thank you, Mr. Hazarika. Thank you for asking questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Achal Shah from Ambit Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Vivekanand: 
Yes, hi. Sorry, this is Vivekanand from Ambit. I'm Achal's colleague. So following up on Mr. 
Hazarika question on the zonal tariffs, and I want to understand, previously there were zones 
and the zonal criterion was 0 to 300 kilometers and there was no distinction made on the kind of 
customer. But now, DPNG and CGD customers across India will move to zone 1. So do you 
have any color on the new zonal definition that is currently being deliberated? 
 
Will it remain based on the distance for the other consumers? And secondly, what are the other 
perspectives here? I think you said one point that some CGD entities who are already in zone 1 
will see a tariff hike. So perhaps they are deliberating and they are perhaps pushing back on the 
new zonal tariffs. But what are the other counter views by participants, industry participants, 
that is holding back the new zonal tariffs? 
Suresh Manglani: 
You see, Vivekanand ji, first of all, thank you that you came on the call. Zonal, earlier we had 
three zones. And this is the evolution happens. Whenever you move towards one new concept, 
the three zones came in, 0 to 300, 300 to, I think, 1200 and above 1200. 
 
Now then, this started stabilizing and there was a need for rethinking that whether this is working 
efficiently as it was envisaged. And there was a view within industry that there is a need now to 
trim down to two zones. Regulator took a consultation, as always they do. 
 
And finally, it came down that industry is more, consensus is building that we should have two 
zones, zone 1 and zone 2. So 0 to 300, up to 300 kilometers is zone 1 and rest is all zone 2. Now, 
that will bring a lot of nuances of, that how do we now ensure the, in zonal, you are aware what 
happens is that the entity gets the tariff as per the PNGRB determined regulations. Whereas that 
gets subsumed all in that one go. And that's where then they decide how much in zone 1 and 
how much in zone 2. 
 
Eventually, it's a zero-sum game. And then it gets distributed to entity. Let's say GAIL gets what 
GAIL tariff has been determined. So now the whole work is going on to when they are merging 
three zones to two zones. And then they are determining CGD as an entire country zone 1, not 
in zone 2. 
 
This, as I was telling earlier when Mr. Hazarika was asking me the question, that there are 
nuances. Industry is sitting together. They are working it out. How much is our APM and UL 
gas, which is going to be given. We are going to get only for home and CNG. Industrial and 
commercial is going to be outside zone 1 tariff. We will be getting the same tariff as zone 1 and 
zone 2. 
 
So there are nuances on gas purchases. There are nuances on transportation. So I would urge 
you all that have a bit of patience for some more time, as you all have maintained. We will come 
to know. And then you will see counter views, because what will happen once the tariffs are 
known, what is going to be zone 1 tariff for us, for home PNG and CNG, and then remaining 
with zone 2 tariff for us for industrial and commercial. Some CGDs will have significant amount 
of volume for industrial and commercial. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 
Some will have significant on CNG side. So all these views will emerge once we will see the 
further detailing of the implementation part. So today we are waiting for that details to be finally 
emerged with the consensus of industry. We would, of course, be also part of it as an industrial 
consultation. 
So my request would be that we have to wait for finality what comes out, how it is going to be 
working out so that interest of all stakeholder is taken. Of course in such a huge exercise, you 
know there would be some people impacting more on a favorable side, some will be on other 
side. 
How do we make sure that the impact adverse is as less as possible and the supporting side also 
is balanced? I'm sure regulator as is known, they will do this work along with the industry and 
we would all come out with good implementation methodology. Please if you could wait for 
some more time. 
Vivekanand: 
Thank you very much, Suresh sir. That was very clarifying. My second question is on the 
government policy that was announced in April with respect to advance quarterly allocation of 
domestic gas. This was a policy that was meant to give you clarity on your APM and new well 
gas allocation for the next two quarters. So would you be able to guide us on the combined APM 
and new well gas allocation for 3Q FY '26 and 4Q FY '26 based on this guideline? 
Suresh Manglani: 
I will ask Ravindra who is on more hands-on on the allocations part. I think, Ravindra, if you 
could brief, Vivekanand. 
Ravindra Desai: 
There was a guideline where CGD entities requested that it would have more clarity on the 
allocation percentage happening so that we can plan our demand and all. So, yes, there is some 
positive development there. We have been receiving very positive feedback from the different 
producers handling the entire APM allocation regularly.  
And whenever these volumes are available, we are being informed regularly before the actual 
volume is available. If we look at the priority allocation for both APM and NWG, for quarter 1 
FY '26, it was 60%. And for quarter 2 FY '26, considering both APM and NWG, it has come to 
around 57%. So last question what was asked that was also probably percentage volumes, what 
we got for both APM and NWG. 
Vivekanand: 
Sorry sir, I'm a bit confused. Previously when I said that the allocation has moderated from 51.4 
to 36%. 
Ravindra Desai: 
Yeah, I think there is an error there on our end. If we take both APM and NWG, it is not 36%. 
It is 57%. 
Vivekanand: 
Okay, so 36 is the APM, is it? 
Ravindra Desai: 
Only APM for CNG 
Vivekanand: 
Okay. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Ravindra Desai: 
APM or CNG segment only, excluding the PNG domestic. 
Vivekanand: 
Okay. For PNG you are assuming 100% or rather the government anyway has stated that 100% 
of the…  
Ravindra Desai: 
105%.  
Vivekanand: 
105%, okay. All right.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Ramesh Sankaranarayanan, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ramesh S.: 
Good morning and thank you very much. Sir, if you look at the reduction in the cheaper APM 
gas and to the extent to that has been replaced by new well gas, how have you managed the 
higher cost of gas in terms of the transmission and how do you see the challenge of managing 
volume growth and margins and growth in your bottom line? How do you see that?  
Because your petroleum alternatives have been stable and to that extent, the competitive 
positioning of CNG as a fuel has possibly become a little bit under pressure, if I may say that. 
So to that extent, how do you see the reduction in the cheaper gas impacting your ability to 
balance volume growth and margin? 
Suresh Manglani: 
Thank you, Ramesh bhai. And I'm very happy that as individual investor, you have also come 
on the call. Normally, we see institutional investors. It's a good development that individual 
investors are also taking interest. And you ask very pertinent question. That's another -- you 
know, I feel delighted that our individual investors are also keeping such tab on the development 
of a sector.  
Now responding to your question. First, I will touch upon the growth we have generally been 
consistently delivering double digit growth. It is largely, one is that our areas are expanding. Our 
infrastructure development growth which you are seeing despite this quarter or I would say first 
half mired by quite heavy rains across the country, we had a very significant higher rains in this 
first half or the second quarter as compared to the previous year first half or second quarter. 
But still, if you see our infrastructure development, our teams have delivered a good result. So I 
am confident that my team would continue to deliver double digit or an impressive volume 
growth as we have done this time. Now the challenge is, how do we meet the differential between 
APM and new well gas, which generally is declining as we have been stating? We are hoping -
- see, one part important is that we must keep in mind that government focus on CGD, regulator 
focus on CGD continues to remain very strong. So that's a very strong positive development for 
us. 
You see Zone 1 coming out from regulator for CGD, for CNG and home PNG, this is a very 
significant positive direction that regulator or a government is still looking at supporting CGD 
development and this is a last mile connectivity. So we believe that we will have a stabilization 
of APM and new well gas. There will be a continued focus on priority home PNG and CNG 
from government side. Home, 105% is continuing and we hope CNG also will get stabilized 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 10 of 20 
 
because CNG despite even alternate fuel as you said being stable or new fuels are getting 
penetrated, CNG is growing. People are having choice of CNG.  
Now how are we managing? As I stated, we have a very good sourcing team. We have a strategy 
in place that we have a mix of a portfolio building where we purchase indices, not a one single 
indices. We'll have Henry Hub, we'll have Brent, we'll have some spot market, we'll have HPHT. 
Then we'll have different tenure so that we don't put all eggs in one basket. Being a CGD, you 
know, for a CGD the most responsible job is to remain relevant in the market.  
How do we make sure that we are relevant for industrial consumer vis-à-vis alternate fuel? How 
do we remain relevant for vehicle consumer vis-à-vis petrol and diesel? How do we remain 
relevant for own consumer, for LPG, domestic and commercial? So we are facing this while 
people feel that CGD is a monopoly. But if you see there are natural competitions which are 
there across all the segments.  
So for us the job is to ensure that our gas sourcing team is always on the toes. Management is 
working to make sure portfolio is so relevant that we are able to service even in the time when 
geopolitical situation brings us at a very precarious situation that gas prices are very high. But 
still my consumer will be expecting Adani Group, Total Energy should have experts available 
to stabilize the prices. And that's what if you see our track record. We have been generally 
maintaining prudent pricing.  
So, I think I would like you to be rest assured that our gas sourcing team is working. We are 
bridging the gap. We are keeping the watch on the market. We are also keeping tab on APM and 
new oil gas. How it is moving? What's going to be likely scenario? How market is going to be 
moving in the likely scenario? How the Brent is moving? All that we are working out. And that's 
our job. That's the job for us to work to ensure that you get good returns.  
And that's what we are trying to do day in and day out. Ramesh bhai if you have any other 
question, you can ask and whether my colleagues want to add anything to Ravindra, he can add 
something to you because he is the person and along with team, they are heading the gas 
sourcing. So, Ravindra, do you want to give him any word of assurance? 
Ravindra Desai: 
No, I think you have explained the whole thing, about our diversified portfolio. We can see that 
around the APM is 39%. However, we can see that we have a portfolio whereas the different 
indices like Henry Hub, Brent. We have got around 17% on the Henry Hub, around 13% on the 
Brent link. So, various portfolios help us to diversify. And while keeping a tab on the domestic 
prices plus the international prices, we keep on optimizing our portfolio and reduce our prices 
continuously, which helps us to serve the customer better. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Hope we could satisfy you with our answers, Ramesh bhai. 
Ramesh S: 
So, if I might ask a couple of follow-up questions on gas sourcing. I mean, we have seen 
companies talk about a blend of Brent link versus Henry hub. So, in terms of your portfolio, how 
much of your imported LNG will be linked to Brent link contracts and what percentage will be 
Henry hub?  

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 11 of 20 
 
And the second thought is in terms of other sources of business like EV charging and LNG 
retailing, what’s the progress you have made on the ground? Any progress you see on these two 
verticals on the EV charging and LNG as an auto fuel contributing to our growth in the next one 
or two years? 
Suresh Manglani: 
Yes. So, I think let Ravindra complete his response to you on the portfolio building. Ravindra 
you want to? 
Ravindra Desai: 
Yes. So, if we talk about the percentage of the different indices, so if we talk of Brent, it would 
be around 13% Brent link volumes currently what we have in our portfolio. And similarly, 
around 16% to 17% is on the Henry hub base, but these contracts have different tenures. So, they 
keep on varying. So, as we move ahead, we keep on purchasing volumes on different tenures for 
different linkages so that we keep our average cost to the lowest possible number. 
Suresh Manglani: 
And Ramesh bhai, you have to also keep in mind that these contracts have a lot of nuances on 
take-or-pays. There are hedging arrangements possibility. So, I think the job of expert sourcing 
team is to ensure that the portfolio building is strong. They keep ATGL relevant in the market 
that every time for every consumer segment, Adani Group and Total Energy Company is able 
to bring out the resilience in the market.  
That's what we are doing, actually. Now, coming to your question on EV side, I think you must 
be as you are following the sector and ATGL, you must have seen the growth which our SPV 
team is delivering on quarter-on-quarter basis. So, this quarter, our charge points have increased 
to 4,209. Almost around 800 points have been added. So, this is an impressive growth of around 
7 to 8 charge points every day. 
Our target would be at least 10 to 15 charge points every day is what is our target. But there are 
nuances on infrastructure development. So, which happens from our side, I think team has a full 
support to build more and more charge points because we believe that even on the alternate fuel 
side, EV is growing up quite well on buses side, on fleet operator side. 
 
So, we are simultaneously building up EV charge points infrastructure across the country, both 
on B2B and B2C side. And we see a good traction on our infra growth as well as the utilization 
side. We added almost 50% more consumers or I would say utilization this quarter itself by 
bringing several promotional schemes.  
So, EV is doing very well from our side. We have 42 megawatt capacity. Target is to reach 100 
megawatt very soon. The work is going on across the country. When I am talking to you, large 
number of sites are under construction. On the LNG retailing side, we had a very strong business 
plan to bring out large number of LNG station. 
 
But currently looking at the various issues around boil off, etcetera. So, we are actually watching 
the development on the conversion or a new vehicle LNG coming up. We have been talking to 
several OEMs and stakeholders. So, currently, we are going, just trading this path cautiously 
that we have three, four LNG stations. Two are under development, Dahej and Mundra. We have 
at Tripura, one LNG station.  

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 12 of 20 
 
And we have multiple sites identified. But we will take it off when we see business world 
developing or we have commitment of either fleet operators, transporters or OEMs to bring it 
out. So, that path we are looking at the development on the market side. While we are also 
working, our teams on LNG side is working with various stakeholders. So, I will leave that on 
LNG side that way, but EV side, I think there is a lot of traction and momentum is happening. 
Ramesh S: 
Just one last thought. On your IOC, Adani, JV, the numbers are still not reflecting in the P&L 
and balance sheet. So, when do you see the infrastructure addition and volume growth giving 
you meaningful growth in terms of the contribution of IOC, Adani to a consolidated revenue and 
profits? What is the timeline and what is the kind of peak volume we can expect in the next three 
to four years? 
Suresh Manglani: 
No, I think, Ramesh bhai, as you see infrastructure part, I think they are coming up very well. 
You see the growth of volume and now going up quarter-on-quarter quite well. I think their 
growth is almost 19% to 20%. 19% growth they have also achieved in volume. They have 
achieved 4% growth in this quarter also. EBITDA also is coming up reasonably well.  
The PAT side, of course, team is working hard because there are depreciation and interest part 
which is taking away the EBITDA to PAT level. We are quite confident that the way 
infrastructure is developing and now their job is actually to enhance the utilization of the 
infrastructure. And that is where they are working very hard. 
They have got a very good geographical area. If you see Panipat, Udham Singh Nagar, Daman, 
Ernakulam, all are quite Chandigarh, good geographical area. So they are now mandate from 
our side to the JVs that to enhance utilization, work out the good pricing mechanism to see that 
more and more consumer comes on the gas. So we feel, I think they have very good geographical 
areas. They will be able to bring it out better profitability on terms of a PAT. EBITDA is 
growing. In terms of PAT also, they will start giving us the result. We have to wait for couple 
of more quarters. 
Ramesh S: 
Thank you very much and wish you all the best and the best of seasons waiting. Thank you very 
much sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Yogesh Patil from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Thanks for taking my question sir. Am I audible? 
Suresh Manglani: 
Yes. I was waiting to hear your voice. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers and mostly on the volume growth side. Fabulous 
volume growth. Just wanted some clarity. As you mentioned earlier in a Q1, our total APM plus 
NWG allocation was at 51 which has come down to the 48. To our limited understanding any 
APM decline will be replaced by the NWG. So, the share of the APM plus NWG remains the 
same.  

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 13 of 20 
 
So, it should not come down from 51 to 48. Is it because that our volume is growing much faster 
rate and that's why the allocation in absolute terms like some 1 MMSCMD, 2 MMSCMD 
remains the same. But our volume is growing and that's why that share 51% has come down to 
the 48%. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Yeah. So, Yogesh, bhai? First of all, I think there are some disturbance. Maybe you are 
somewhere. So, I think if you can mute so that I can respond. And other participants also can 
listen properly. First, I think Ravindra is a 60 versus 57. Is it correct? 
Ravindra Desai: 
Yeah. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Okay. So, 60% combined last quarter, 57% combined this quarter. Now I think you understand 
better than all of us. We understand this sector and nuances of APM plus New Well Gas. That's 
the good news for us, you know. You know you said rightly, one is volume growth which also 
brings this proportionality slightly down because the volumes are growing, field is same. But 
also, we need to keep in mind that it's a natural gas field. There will be natural depletion also as 
we keep drawing more gases.  
So, there is a possibility of on one hand slight depletion as it happens in any natural resources 
and the second, as the industry's volumes are growing the proportionality of the allocation will 
also be taking place little moderately the way it has happened this time. So, we have to keep 
these two things mind depletion, natural one which is happening and the volume growth of 
industry or the entity by entity.  
Maybe we have volume growth. This month somebody may have higher than or lower than us. 
So accordingly, proportionality takes place. So, your understanding is absolutely correct. I just 
add a natural depletion also would take place in any field which happens whether any other gas 
field also.  
So this field also is going to be happening, while ONGC is investing to enhance the recovery 
through New Well Gas intervention. I hope I have clarified to Yogesh. Maybe he has dropped. 
Moderator: 
Yogesh Patil, if you are speaking right now, you are not audible. I request you to please unmute 
your line and then speak. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Am I audible now? 
Suresh Manglani: 
Yeah. Yogesh bhai, you could hear our response. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Yeah. Sir, my next question is related to. Can you throw some lights on the recent GST reforms 
which has bring down the CNG vehicle cost? Also have you seen in the last one month any kind 
of a jump in the CNG vehicle convergence and if possible, can you provide some details on that 
side? 
Suresh Manglani: 
Ravindra, you want to? 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Ravindra Desai: 
Yogesh, if you ask not literally for the one month I would say some jump seen but what is 
threading fate that CNG vehicle sales project 1 to 1.2 million in this FY ‘25-‘26 against 780,000 
in ’24-‘25. So, we are seeing a jump of around 18% if we talk of FY ’24-‘25 and FY ‘25-’26. 
So probably that's something positive. In addition, if we remove the three wheelers  for CNG in 
all other segments like heavy vehicles and light passenger vehicles. 
Yogesh Patil: 
The last question. One of my earlier friend tried to ask you the regarding the gas sourcing 
breakup. So, if you could share the details of the gas sourcing of the Adani Total gas in terms of 
the MMSCMD it would be helpful. In terms of like how much APM, NWG, HPHT, Henry Hub, 
approximate figures in terms of MMSCMD, it would be really helpful for us if possible. 
Ravindra Desai: 
Yeah so see it's a mixture of portfolio and we are flexible in the contractual operations. So we 
can take a lower percentage. We can take a bit higher percentage. So it will be very difficult to 
pinpoint what percentage what we have got. But we have flexibility with all the indices plus we 
maximize the whatever allocation is happening which is at a cheaper cost that we maximize and 
then we keep on optimizing the other indices including brand Henry Hub where we have got a 
lot of flexibilities in the contract. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Okay sir, the last one from my side, have you seen any impact on the PNG industrial volume 
growth in a Gujarat geography due to the continuous decline in LPG or the propane prices? And 
at least in last two, three months, six months we have seen the propane is emerging as a cheap 
alternate option for the PNG industry. Any thought on this side? 
Ravindra Desai: 
Just to yeah, it's whatever question you have raised it makes sense and I agree with you that the 
propane prices are getting very competitive to natural gas. However, based on the prices 
movement, what we do we keep on optimizing our purchases. So, to remain in the market as 
with comparison to alternate fuels, we keep on optimizing our portfolio and purchase volume on 
a longer term which comes at lower cost and which these volumes are able to compete with the 
alternate fuels like propane. 
Yogesh Patil: 
So, one of your, one of your competitor has already come up with the strategy of propane 
supplying. Are you planning something on that front? 
Suresh Manglani: 
No, actually currently, the kind of industries we are serving are across diversified geographies. 
I think if you see our growth is suggesting that still natural gas is being accepted. There are 
features which natural gas provides to the consumers. Cash and carry versus what use and pay 
and various other flexibility which we provide, plus the quality, our qualitative aspects.  
I think currently we are not seeing that compelling reason of immediately looking at supplying 
propane. Of course, we had in the past thought through that whether we should at least be a 
single solution provider of a propane plus natural gas or LPG. But this is on the table, not the 
way you suggested about our competitor. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Thanks a lot sir, this was really helpful. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Somaiah V from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
Somaiah V: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I have a few questions. So first one, within this PNG 
volumes can we have a split between the domestic and industrial volumes? 
Management: 
Yes. With respect to PNG volume, we have a domestic percentage of around 7% and other than 
industrial is 22%. So, total put together, 31% is for PNG and 69% share of CNG. 
Somaiah V: 
Sorry, sir. In MMSCMD term, can we break this? We are roughly around 3 MMSCMD of 
volumes and close to 2 MMSCMD of CNG. So, the remaining 1 MMSCMD, can we have a 
breakup in terms of domestic and industrial commercial? 
Management: 
With respect to MMSCM, we can give you MMSCMD. We need to work out. So, MMSCMD… 
Somaiah V: 
No problem, sir. 
Management: 
So it is MMSCM, it is around industrial is 61.7 and domestic is 21 and commercial is around 7. 
Somaiah V: 
Helpful, sir. Sir, also, in terms of the growth, the 16% odd growth, if you could just help us, new 
GAs, what would have been the kind of contribution, because in the presentation, we break this. 
There is a pie chart which talks about new GAs, which is currently around 35% of the overall 
volumes. So, what would have been the growth rate in this part and the other three geographic 
areas that we are referring? I am not bad at this. What would have been the growth rates? 
Management: 
So, new GA is around 1 MMSCMD? 
Suresh Manglani: 
No. He is saying, when you say growth, which we said around 16%. 
Management: 
Growth is for new GA, it is 26% for CNG and 99% for PNG. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Oh! Wow. 
Management: 
Because base is low, particularly for PNG. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Yes. Base is low, correct. So, 26% is more relevant, that CNG has a 26% growth in the newer 
geographical areas. 
Somaiah V: 
Understood, sir. That is helpful. Sir, also, in terms of the sourcing, so when we say 48% is APM 
plus new well, the base that we are referring to is the CNG plus domestic PNG. Is that the base 
that we are referring to? Or put it the other way, like 2 MMSCMDs are CNG volumes. So, when 
we say 48%, this is 48% of 2 MMSCMD or we are referring to the company level. 
Suresh Manglani: 
So, when we are talking of 48%, this is at the company level. So, 2 -- it means he is saying 2 
million means 48% comes from APM and new well gas. 
Management: 
57% of Priority demand on company level. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Somaiah V: 
So, it is basically roughly around 15 MMSCMDs to 2 MMSCMDs, like 1 MMSCMD of APM 
plus new well gas. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Correct. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Around that part, yes. 
Somaiah V: 
Yes. And also, in the presentation, we have mentioned 14% is Brent linked. So this -- again, the 
base is at a company level or is it only the PNG when we say 14% is Brent linked? 
Ravindra Desai: 
So, when we talk of 13% Brent linked, so it is at the company level in totality, whatever we 
consume. But however, we have got the flexibility in the contract with -- when this percentage 
can vary based on the prices of the crude oil during that time. So, we keep on optimizing these 
volumes. So, the percentage will always vary. 
Somaiah V: 
Yes. Sure, sir. That part is clear. So, we are basically saying 3 MMSCMD into 13%. So, we are 
looking like 0.4 MMSCMD of Brent volumes at a theoretical level. I mean, it will vary, I 
understand. 
Ravindra Desai: 
No. No. No. You can say that 1. 
Somaiah V: 
Okay. Sir, if I were to, sorry, if I were to add all of this, so 1 MMSCMD is from APM plus new 
well and 0.4 is from Brent, plus we will have HPHT plus RLNG. If you could just help us on 
the HPHT quantum and RLNG, that would be helpful. 
Ravindra Desai: 
See, probably it will not be feasible because, see, we have these HPHT volumes coming in 
regularly on a monthly basis. So, which varies on a month-on-month basis. So, it will make a 
difference. This NWG also keeps on varying. So, the percentage what we take in literal terms 
will keep on varying. So, I think on a control basis what you have taken is correct. But, however, 
they keep on changing every month. 
Somaiah V: 
Okay, sir. I was just looking at like, is it like a 0.3 or a 0.5, very ballpark numbers, not any, I 
understand on a monthly basis it will differ. Is it like HPHT roughly we take around 0.3, 0.4, 
0.5, anywhere around that range? 
Suresh Manglani: 
You see, Somaiahji, actually what Ravinder is saying, that while 3 million could be divided that 
way, but if you infer that and draw something from a futures perspective, he is saying that may 
or may not stand correctly, because there are contractual arrangements of take-over pays, excess 
nominations, and various contracts being different, tenures getting expired, new contracts 
coming in. So, he is saying, I think those things keep varying. This quarter, of course, he has 
given you, 3 million means 1 million comes is around APM and you will guess. And then the 
details that you asked. So, any other detail you require actually, Somaiahji? 
Somaiah V: 
Got it, sir. Got it, sir. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Suresh Manglani: 
Okay. 
Somaiah V: 
Sir, other questions on the station addition. So, what is our expectation in terms of next, let's say, 
couple of years in terms of annual station addition that we plan to have? 
Suresh Manglani: 
Sorry, I couldn't follow your question. The CNG station addition, sir. 
Management: 
CNG station. 
Somaiah V: 
Yes. 
Suresh Manglani: 
CNG station, you are seeing that, how we have grown. If you are tracking us and you have a 
quarter-on-quarter growth, you are seeing two, three things are there. One is we have already a 
stated minimum work program for each geographical area. We are also seeing how upstream 
pipelines are progressing. So, that will also help us to add rapidly more number of stations. 
Today, we add more number of stations that has to be serviced as a daughter booster station, 
which causes inconvenience to even end consumers because there are dryouts which takes place 
because of certain traffic issues or road issues, etcetera. So, we are keeping a watch. Our growth 
trajectory is, will be commensurate to the market development. 
And ensuring that every nook and corner of the geographical area, we take a lead to provide 
CNG station so that conversion starts taking place, a confidence building takes place. So, 662, 
which today we have, I think, we will be growing it at the pace of similar as you have seen in 
the past. We are adding -- last year, I think, we added 100 stations last year. 
This year, around similar station, we need to work out how the – currently, our all 11th round 
geographical areas are waiting for -- most of the geographical areas are waiting for National 
Transmission Line, which is being built by Gale, to be connected. So, that will help us to then 
start working on setting up more – sites are already identified. 
We have issued several LOIs for new DODO, CODOs actually, new DODOs in particular. So, 
be rest assured, the development of infrastructure will take place commensurate to the market 
development. And wherever it requires us to take a lead, to build the confidence on CNG, which 
we have been always taking, and we will continue to take the lead. 
Somaiah V: 
Got it sir. One last question sir. On the JV performance which you had earlier alluded to. I mean, 
anything in terms of volumes that we can say in terms of what currently the JV is contributing 
in MMSCMD? 
Suresh Manglani: 
Of course, JV volume we don't consider it in our system. You know the accounting system. We 
only considered PAT only. But in terms of volume, their volume is 1.8. They have got 1.88 
volume which is pretty good volume which is now they have grown 1.8. 
Management: 
1.8 mm. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Suresh Manglani: 
So, 1.8 MMSCMD volume is what our JV is doing today. And they are also given a good growth. 
I think 19% volume growth even they have achieved in this quarter. 
Somaiah V: 
Sure sir, quite helpful. Thank you. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Thank you, Somaiah ji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Achal Shah from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Achal Shah: 
Hi sir, am I audible? 
Suresh Manglani: 
You are absolutely audible, Achal bhai. 
Achal Shah: 
Sir, just one clarity. My understanding is that we are the most -- we earned the most margin in 
CNG segment and the least in the domestic PNG. So, can you give a broad sense of sir in 
percentage or in EBITDA per SCM terms that how much is the segmental margins in CNG 
versus, let's say, in industrial and commercial and in domestic PNG? Or in like how much is 
percentage wise how much it's lower in the other segments versus the CNG? 
Suresh Manglani: 
See today, Achal bhai, it has become so dynamic. See if you see one thing you must have noticed 
our volumes have grown significantly, but not at EBITDA. Correct? Now why it has happened 
so. Couple of things. One of course slight reduction in APM versus new well gas, dollar 
appreciation by 4%. 
Our aim is not to continuously keep making same margin as we are doing today. Our aim is to 
widen the volume base, make sure healthy financial outcomes. Because in a CGD, Achal bhai, 
you are tracking the sector. CGD main aim for us is given the competitive fuels which are getting 
coming in stable prices of MS and HSD. 
Our job is to make sure more and more customers are brought into our net. And that's the whole 
job everybody is doing in our geographical area. Wherever required we are making it more 
affordable. CNG more affordable. PNG more affordable to industrial consumers. Aim is to make 
the people use and have a delightness of a PNG and CNG. 
So, giving you a stable type of percentage margins may not be correct from a company 
standpoint of view. I think overall you have around 20% EBITDA margin which you could see 
from turnover to the EBITDA INR300 crores which used to be slightly higher. And that indicates 
to you while we are bringing healthy results, our aim is for our company ATGL vision is there 
very clear, that we want to widen this base very strongly to the volume base. And then that gives 
us the leverage now to see how do we work on the, you know, increasing the expansion network 
expansion. 
So rest assured, I think around 20% EBITDA margin is there on our overall basis. CNG is a 
healthy margin, but not in every geographical area. So giving you on company-wide will be 
difficult. What is the margin in Ahmedabad which is fully networked, which is fully online? 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 19 of 20 
 
There are hardly any daughter booster station versus what we'll be making in Amravati which is 
fully daughter booster station. Will be very different actually. Will be very different. 
So, I think it's a station to station. It is geographical area to geographical area. It varies regular. 
Let's say, Udaipur we did this time two, three online station in around Diwali time. Now we 
have large number of online. Suddenly margin profile will change because the transportation 
cost which used to be almost INR8 to INR10 a kg has reduced now. 
So, I think it varies significantly from configuration to configuration. How we are doing online 
connectivity, how we are making more mother coming closer to DBS. So, overall EBITDA 20% 
is what you could currently see. Domestic again same thing will happen. Let's say Ahmedabad. 
I can give you. I know you know more than you are tracking the sector. 
Ahmedabad for example, you have intensity of very high intensity of a PNG penetration. You 
have high rises, you have a lesser, you know per customer infrastructure. Your returns are better 
because your meter reading happens much faster, your billing happens much faster, your 
collections happen much smoother versus you take another geographical area which is very 
spreaded now then you will have and customer intensity is much lesser. Again per consumer 
domestic percentage will vary. 
So I think it is very dynamic, very relevant to the configuration of a customer. Yes, domestic 
also is reasonably healthy percentage if you take Ahmedabad. But if you take a new geographical 
area, it will not be a good percentage of the market. So, I'm not trying to brush away your 
question, but I'm trying to be candid to give you right perspective on from a CGD industry point 
of view today. It's not stabilized that my all GAs are fully stabilized that I can give you the 
percentage in that sense. Would you like to share anything we have in more detail?  
Management: 
Overall gross margin. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Overall gross margin is how much? 
Management: 
29. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Overall gross margin is 29%. 
Achal Shah: 
Got it sir. Sir, just one more last question is. So, sir, in the CNG segment like one of your 
competitor is giving discounting in a way of PV cards via retrofitment of vehicles especially the 
commercial big larger vehicles. Do you see your company going for a similar strategy to cater 
to more market or increase the CNG vehicle count in the relevant geographical areas or any such 
discounting or marketing strategy to increase the volume growth in the CNG segment? 
Suresh Manglani: 
Perhaps. I think this is one where we have not come to your expectation that you are not even 
aware that Adani Total Gas is actually leading in the promotion and discounting actually, 
because as I said, our aim is to widen the base. How the base will widen unless we bring more 
customer to our net. And more customer comes through various promotional schemes. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
Page 20 of 20 
 
So, we, for a very long time have been giving good discounting various different, different 
schemes. Currently I think various geographical areas, difference upon geographical areas also 
depending upon customer segment. We are giving up to the discount up to the 4 years period. 
So we also give fleet cards to the consumers. 
On EV, we saw independence price. On EV, INR10 price we have launched for Independence 
day celebration which brought 50% more utilization. Right now when I'm speaking to you there 
is a Happy Diwali scheme going on. And then you will, you will see Happy New Year scheme 
coming. I think that's a part and parcel of our business development and the sales and marketing 
team strategy. They keep doing it. It's been very long time. Adani Total Gas has been giving 
very good schemes to three wheelers, to four wheelers, to bus operators. 
And many times we work out customized solutions. So if you have any one, any, any transporter, 
school bus operators you can always ask them to contact us. We'll be ensuring customized 
solution. 
Achal Shah: 
Got it, sir. Thanks. Thanks for the clarity. I was not very aware of that. So yeah, helps. 
Suresh Manglani: 
No, that's our failure, not yours. 
Achal Shah: 
No, no. Thank you. Thank you. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Thank you, Achal. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have no further questions. Ladies and gentlemen, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Adish Vakharia from Investor Relations for closing comments. Over to 
you sir. 
Adish Vakharia: 
Sure. Thank you once again to all the shareholders, analysts and investors for taking the time, 
taking the time to join today's call. If you have any further questions, please feel free to reach 
out to us. The contact details are available on the website as well as on the investor relations 
press release. Thank you so much. 
Suresh Manglani: 
Thank you. Thank you everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Adani Total Gas Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
