 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
To                                    
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: APOLLOPIPE 
Department of Corporate Services/Listing 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
SCRIP Code: 531761 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call 
 
With reference to our intimation dated October 22, 2025 regarding the Conference Call, which 
was held on Thursday, October 30, 2025 and pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith 
the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
This above information is also available on the website of the Company.  
 
Kindly take the above information on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
 
 
 
Gourab Kumar Nayak 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
  
 
GOURAB 
KUMAR 
NAYAK
Digitally signed by 
GOURAB KUMAR 
NAYAK 
Date: 2025.11.04 
10:13:47 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Apollo Pipes Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAMEER GUPTA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – APOLLO PIPES LIMITED 
 
MR. ARUN AGARWAL – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
APOLLO PIPES LIMITED 
 
MR. AJAY KUMAR JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– APOLLO PIPES LIMITED 
 
MR. ANUBHAV GUPTA – GROUP CHIEF STRATEGY 
OFFICER – APOLLO PIPES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KARAN BHATELIA – ASIAN MARKET SECURITIES 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Apollo Pipes Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Asian Market Securities Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bhatelia from Asian Market Securities. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Karan Bhatelia:: 
Hi, everyone. A very good morning. On behalf of Asian Market Securities, we thank you for 
joining us on the Apollo Pipes' 2Q and First Half Conference Call. In the panel today we have 
Mr. Sameer Gupta, Chairman Managing Director; Arun Agarwal, Joint Managing Director; 
CFO, Mr. Ajay Kumar Jain; and Anubhav Gupta, Group Strategy Officer. May I now invite 
Sameerji to begin the process. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. This is Sameer Gupta, CMD of Apollo Pipes. I have joined 
today with Mr. Arun Agarwal, JMD; Mr. A.K. Jain, CFO; and Mr. Anubhav Gupta, Group CSO. 
I would like to extend a warm welcome to all of you to our Q2 FY '26 earnings call. We are 
almost 7 months into FY '26 and the challenges pertaining to PVC pipe industry persist. 
 
The sector has been facing significant headwinds due to weak end user demand and heightened 
volatility in raw material prices. Demand was impacted primarily due to a slowdown in both the 
private real estate sector and government infrastructure spending. On top of this, the frequent 
and sharp fluctuation in PVC resin prices triggered cautious behavior and continuous destocking 
by our channel partners. 
 
We saw marginal growth in the industry in Q2 on year-on-year basis due to very low base in Q2 
FY '25. As a result, Apollo Pipes experienced a growth of 8% in consolidated sales volume and 
our margins were under pressure due to lower capacity utilization and heightened competition 
across the sector. Despite this, we remain focused on our long-term growth journey and are 
actively executing our 4-pronged strategy to navigate the current environment. 
 
1. Product portfolio expansion - Recently we expanded our product range with the addition of 
PLB ducts, DWC pipes, PE gas pipes and PVC-O pipes in the piping segment. In addition, we 
have forayed into UPVC doors and windows category, further strengthening our presence in the 
building materials space. 
 
These strategic additions align up with our vision to diversify into adjacent high-growth 
segments and cater to the evolving needs of the infrastructure, real estate and utility sector. Each 
of these products is engineered to offer enhanced performance and durability, replacing 
conventional materials and opening up new market opportunities for Apollo Pipes. 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
2. Improving product mix - We are increasing our focus on CPVC pipes, which currently 
contributes 15% of our volume. We have tied up with Lubrizol, which is leading raw material 
supplier to create a joint pitch and strengthen our presence in this high-margin category. 
 
3. West India plant ramp-up - With over 1 year of integration, our West India facility acquired 
last year is now seeing a steady ramp-up in production. This plant is playing a key role in catering 
to the demand in Western India. 
 
4. Eastern India expansion - Our new plant in Varanasi is on track and is expected to 
commence operations in the coming months. This will significantly strengthen our presence in 
the Eastern India market. On the capital expenditure front, we continue to invest in building 
long-term capacity. 
 
We incurred a capex of INR92 crores in H1 following the spend of INR166 crores in FY '25. 
We remain committed to expanding our total installed capacity to 2,86,000 tons over the next 2 
years without any debt to our book. Our working capital cycle is slightly elevated in H1 due to 
high inventory levels. However, it self settle back with higher sales in H2. 
 
Looking ahead, we expect a more favorable demand environment starting from November 
onwards as construction activities are likely to resume post monsoon. Additionally, increased 
government spendings on infrastructure projects should boost liquidity and improve cash flows 
across the ecosystem. 
 
That concludes our opening remarks. Now we are glad to take questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press star and 1 on their touchtone phone. If you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue, you may press star and 2. Participants are requested to use handsets 
while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the questions 
are being assembled. Our first question comes from the line of Sneha Talreja from Nuvama. 
Please go ahead.  
Sneha Talreja: 
Hi, good morning. Just coming to your numbers here, what would be the revised guidance now 
given that you were guiding for low to mid-double-digit volume growth and EBITDA per ton of 
around INR11,000 for Apollo and Kisan around INR7,000. We have not been seeing good 
performance for the first 2 quarters, so you have H1 numbers. And given demand environment 
remains weak, what would you like to guide for the entire year? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Yes. Hi, morning. Anubhav here. So definitely the performance of the industry and performance 
of Apollo both have been below expectations as we are into 7 months of FY '26. And our 
guidance also stands revised down which we were earlier hoping that we should be doing around 
20% plus volume growth. 
 
So what we are still confident is that the last 5 months of the fiscal year should be better than 
the first 7 months, given that whatever impacted the sales for the construction material industry, 
like heavy monsoon, low construction activity and low spending from the government, 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
specifically on the water infrastructure projects. So that should reverse in next 5 months. And 
we could make up to whatever we lost, right, in the first 7 months. 
 
So hopefully, we should be touching about our earlier guidance which we gave, right? But yes, 
for that to achieve, we still need support from the macro industry, which should come, right? So 
maybe in next 2, 3 months, we will be able to better guide how things are looking for like Q4 
FY '26 and how close we are able to reach our earlier target. 
Sneha Talreja: 
So Anubhav, at this point of time, you're saying you would like to maintain the guidance, hoping 
that the next 5 months should turn out to be better? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So definitely, yes, Sneha, because as we all know that things were very, very soft in the first 7 
months and a lot of hopes are from the macro turnaround and specifically to housing plumbing 
and water infrastructure. So even 70%, 80% of what was expected from the macro, we are able 
to get, you will see a very strong turnaround in our performance in the second half. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Sure. Now coming to the demand front, any improvements seen? I know it's too early. We're 
just we are still in the middle of some monsoon and we are still seeing festivities getting over. 
But any improvement in demand? And moreover, anything on the antidumping duty that you 
would want to say because we are nearing the deadline here? And does your guidance also take 
into account that the dumping duty will be imposed and there would be some amount of 
restocking? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So, definitely, Sneha, as you would also be checking with channel partners in the industry that 
everyone is sitting on very, very light inventory levels because the raw material prices have been 
very, very volatile. And I think one direction which is required for raw material prices to stabilize 
or to go even higher is the imposition of ADD, antidumping duty, which it should come. 
 
That's what all the experts are saying. So we are going by their words that it should come in 
month of November. And yes, it will lead to massive restocking, right, because the channel has 
been sitting light for a long time now. And if there is stability in the steel prices and clear 
direction, then restocking should help us to achieve our targets. 
Sneha Talreja: 
And just two numbers, if at all you could help us with. One is CPVC, what would have been 
your 6-month growth rate number or in fact, even Q2 would be helpful. And second, you said 
that you've not gone into too many other new segments like OPVC, DWC. At this point of time, 
all these newer segments, which are largely related to infra, how much would they account for 
as a percentage of our volumes? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So CPVC is high double digit and Y-o-Y growth. And the other new segments, they are still like 
under 5% as the contribution. But the ramp-up should come pretty soon, right, as the market is 
accepting these products. 
 
We are getting approvals in OPVC in multiple states. Window profile, we launched that product 
last quarter, and we have a good pipeline. So by March, April, I mean, as we enter in FY '27, we 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
will have a pretty solid platform to demonstrate that these products are contributing in a much 
higher manner versus what they're doing today. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Keshav Lahoti from HDFC Securities. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So one thing I want to understand as we talk about ADD coming 
up. So once the ADD will come up, how much the resin prices can rise, and when ADD when 
there is a high probability it will come in November, why still channel is sitting on low inventory. 
It means that the channel is not confident ADD will be levied. How should we read it? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes, Keshav, this is Sameer Gupta:. Yes. Regarding the ADD, actually this is actually very much 
prolonged for the last 3, 4 months. We are expecting this to come in the month of August and in 
September, then in October, still it has not come. So channel doesn't have that, you can say, 
confidence on what date it is coming. 
 
So they don't want to incur any loss because every time the Reliance or local producers, other 
local producers increase the rates and they stock, they increase their stock. And again, it is 
backed out because of the delay from the government side and the resin prices again goes down. 
So this is actually impacting the loss on the channel partners. 
 
So they don't have right now any confidence and when exactly it will come. Once it will come, 
then definitely they will go for increasing their stocks, which will definitely increase our sales 
number. But right now, till the date it doesn't come, then the channel will not have any 
confidence on what exactly is going to happen with ADD. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Understood. Got it. Fair to assume this quarter there is no inventory gain and loss? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
There is some loss, which is very marginal because PVC prices were volatile and it led to write-
offs.  
Sameer Gupta: 
Again, to your previous question, after ADD, we expect an increase of 7% to 8% in the PVC 
resin prices from the current Reliance prices that we expect, but we don't know what exactly the 
ADD will be. And, yes, it totally depends upon those numbers when it will come, then we can 
actually calculate what exactly the number will be. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Got it. Possible to quantify should be sub 50 bps, fair to assume sub 50bps, 20 bps? 
Sameer Gupta: 
I have said that 7% to 8% in the normal circumstance, that is what we have guided right now. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
No. Sorry, I'm talking about inventory, fair to assume 20, 30 bps marginally of sales? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So can you repeat the question? 
Keshav Lahoti: 
So what I'm trying to understand, as you said it's a marginal inventory loss. I understand should 
be sub-50 bps, still the margin looks subpar. So what is possible to quantify inventory loss and 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
why still the margin possibly still we are not on a track to hit the double digit? Is it higher 
competition intensity or discount prevailing in the market? What is keeping the margin so far? 
Anubhav Gupta : 
So see, I mean, this quarter, Kisan was a drag on the EBITDA spreads because Kisan volume 
run rate, if you see what we were achieving for last 2 quarters, it was sequentially down. And 
Kisan was operating at 4%, 5% EBITDA margin, but there is, like it kind of broke even, okay? 
So that was a drag. If you look at Apollo stand-alone, we are still doing better. 
 
And of course, in an industry scenario when the demand is less and all the platers they are 
becoming very aggressive in the pricing, so you can see that all the companies would have 
reported results by now or even private unlisted companies, the EBITDA spreads for each 
company is under pressure because industry is going through less demand and kind of price war 
situation. So yes, it is impacting everybody, and we are not immune to that. 
 
Things should improve as the overall demand recovers, which it should pretty soon. And at the 
same time, the competition in the unorganized sector and weaker organized players is also going 
away slowly, gradually. So a lot of cleanup has taken place. So we believe that once the demand 
is back, the organized larger players will be able to improve their pricing and EBITDA spreads 
will recover. 
 
And also will -- and Apollo Pipes on a stand-alone basis and even Kisan for that matter. So on a 
consolidated basis, we will have a lot of operating leverage gains, which is visible, right? Like 
if you see when do 26,000, 27,000 tons of quarterly volume, operating leverage benefits come 
in and spreads improve. But in Q2, we were at like 21,000 ton volume, right? So it results in 
negative operating leverage. 
 
So we are hopeful, we are confident that next 2 quarters should be 26,000 ton kind of sales 
volume figures. And that's why we are still maintaining the original guidance of sales volume 
growth. If we are able to do that, which we should, then you will see the improvement in our 
spreads in second half. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Got it. So what is the guidance at stand-alone and Kisan level for volume and on margin side, 
both? Maybe consol or Kisan you can give separately? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Right. So we always give guidance on sales volume, right? Last year, we did 85,000 tons on 
consol basis, like above 20% volume growth guidance comes out to be 100,000 to 105,000 ton 
for the full year. We are confident that we should be achieving around 100,000 tons. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Understood. Got it. Got it. And nothing on margin side, like how you see the margin curve, when 
it will be double digit, anything some additionally you can give some color. 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Definitely, in next 2 to 3 years, margins have to improve, right? So one is this operating leverage, 
which I explained. And second, all the new products which we have added, they're all like high-
margin products. So whether it is OPVC pipe, but unfortunately, it is not firing as of now because 
of low spends from the government side on infrastructure. 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
So that's like super-high-margin product, then window profiles, which we added, again, it's like 
a high-margin product where we are going to leverage on our brand, APL Apollo, and it will 
help us command premium versus the existing players. 
 
Third is CPVC where we have tied up with Lubrizol. I mean this is one reason if you look at our 
top 5 competitors, where our sales mix with CPVC was like 15% to 18%, and we are not able to 
match the EBITDA spreads what the other top 5 players achieve. So with Lubrizol, the idea is 
to take CPVC sales mix beyond 25% in next 2, 3 years. And once we achieve that, you will see 
improvement in our margin. 
 
So directionally, we are confident that we would touch low double digit in next 2, 3 years. It's 
just that -- I mean all these steps what we are taking, right, they have to start operationalizing 
and they have to streamline, which it will. And yes, 100,000 ton volume this year and 125,000 
ton volume in the following year with improving spreads, we are very much confident that 
whatever ROC, whatever absolute EBITDA we have guided for, we will achieve those numbers. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Understood. Got it. And this Lubrizol tie-up for resin manufacturing for in-house or for 
supplying to market also? 
Sameer Gupta: 
No, this tie-up is for the supply of CPVC resin to Apollo brands. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Only Apollo brands, got it. And one last question from my side. October, how has been -- I get 
October demand has been weak, but whether we should see mid-single-digit growth or possibly 
it has been a decline? 
Anubhav Gupta : 
So October month, I mean, of course, it is not the right metric to measure, okay, because all the 
holidays, festival holidays fell into October month. So almost 10 days were lost starting like the 
Sharan Navratri, Diwali and Chhath, which took place earlier this week. So what I can tell you 
is that for the full year, we should be touching about 100,000 tons. So yes, October was weak, 
but November, December looks solid. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Utkarsh Nopany from BOB Capital Markets. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Good morning, Sir, my first question is regarding your pipe volume growth in the H1 of FY '26. 
So if we see our pipe capacity on a stand-alone basis has gone up, say, from 1,36,000 tons in H1 
FY '24 to right now 1,68,500 tons. But still our pipe volume has gone down by roughly 6% over 
the past 2-year period. 
 
So wanted to know why we are struggling to grow our volume because if we see all our major 
peers are still able to post positive volume growth, but we are not able to post positive volume 
growth despite a significant increase in our capacity over a 2-year period. So this is my first 
question, sir. 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So here, you have to remove the HDPE sales for APL Apollo, which used to be like mid-double-
digit contribution 1.5 years ago. And now it is like less than 5%, right? So in trade segment, we 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
have increased our sales volume. But when you look at the total pipe volume, you don't see that 
because HDPE volume like collapsed by 80%, 90%, right, which used to contribute 15% to our 
sales volume 1.5, 2 years ago. So that's why you see the decline in volume. 
 
And whatever new capacity we have added, this is not in HDPE. This is in the category where 
we are improving our sales volume, right, whether it is UPVC pipes or CPCV, OPVC we added, 
right? So yes, I mean, like in next 2, 3 years, all this new capacity, you will see that ramping up 
and utilization levels will hit 70%, 75%. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay, sir. Sir, my next question is on the utilization level only. So if we see our current capacity 
is operating at a pretty low level at around 43% level, and we are facing challenges in ramping 
up our existing capacity. So then why we are planning to aggressively grow our capacity to 
2,86,000 over the next 2 years, why we are not looking forward to first ramp up our existing 
capacity and then slowly increase our pipe capacity? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
You've got to understand our capex program, okay, which we kick started 2.5 years ago, right? 
Capacity, you just don't add overnight, okay? So in 2023 calendar year, okay, we sat on a 
drawing board, right, where we said, okay, from 125,000 tons, we have to go to 300,000 tons, 
right? We have to put a plant in West India. We have to put a plant in East India. 
 
We have to expand capacities in South India, and then we have to add products like OPVC pipe, 
window profile, all these new products. So all in all, we said, okay, let's spend INR600 crores 
from 2024 to 2027, right? So that was the capex program, INR150 crores every year into 4 years 
is INR600 crores, right? We raised money, right? 
 
Promoters put in INR260 crores and then we got Middle Eastern fund to invest another INR110 
crores. And then we knew that company would be generating this much of cash flow in 4 years, 
right? So we kick started that capex program on all the fronts, right? We had a team to manage 
that. And we didn't know that like things will become so bad in terms of demand throughout 
2024 calendar year and 2025 so far. 
 
So whatever capex program we are implementing, right, it's from a very like long-term 
perspective, 5 to 10 years, right? Demand situation becomes weak. It's a short-term phenomenon, 
right, which it will change. Why we are not too much worried is that all this expansion has come 
without any debt, right? All this was funded from equity or internal cash flows. So we have not 
bloated our balance sheet. 
 
We don't have heavy interest costs which are eroding my profit margins. Demand, if not today, 
it has to come back, right? So all this capacity without debt, it will help me recover my revenue 
quickly. And that's why we are confident that, yes, we can do 100,000 ton sales volume this 
year, 125,000 ton sales volume next year. If I don't have capacity, then all this guidance has no 
relevance. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
No, I understand. First of all, the reason why I was asking is that our return ratios is getting 
depressed because we are operating at a pretty low rate. So that was the only thought process 
behind asking that. 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Correct. So see, I mean, these are the capex program which got kickstarted, right, at all the fronts. 
And now they can't be stopped, right? So here, like -- so one lever for ROCE expansion will be 
like when we start getting like massive orders in OPVC segment, right, which are not in the 
market today. But say in 4, 5 months, market opens up and we book orders, right? 
 
It's like very high-margin product. So whatever investment of INR100 crores plus I made, right, 
it will start giving me 30%, 40% return, right? So that will boost my ROCE window profile we 
invested like INR80 crores, INR90 crores for the capex. 
 
Now by FY '27, quarter 1, it should start contributing significantly. It is a 30%, 40% ROCE 
segment, right? So that will boost my company's ROCE, right? So just that, I mean, we -- I know 
it's been like many quarters where we are not able to deliver on ROCE front. But we do see light 
in the tunnel, right? And matter of 1, 2 quarters, you will see that ROCE will go right now, it's 
single digit. 
 
It will move to double digit, right? And then eventually, we will hit 20%, 22%, which has always 
been our target. But on a management level, we are not overwhelmed as in like demand is slow 
for 1.5 years. So we should not like do capex or we should not think like what we would do in 
2030. We don't want to hold our hands back. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, my question is on the CPVC tie-up with Lubrizol. So wanted to know 
whether we have become the third licensing partner for Lubrizol CPVC brand or whether any 
license for the existing partner has been removed and you have become. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes, you can say that we are becoming the third licensee, but it is not like that the previous 
licensees were. They have been licensed with the brand of FlowGuard, but we have been licensed 
with the brand of TempRite which is right now for only Apollo Pipes. So right now we have tie-
up with Lubrizol for TempRite brand. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. And just wanted clarification. You said some time back that the CPVC pipe share right 
now is 15% to 18%, and we are planning to take it up to 25% level over the next 3 years. Is that 
correct, sir? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
That's right. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay, thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of from Aasim from DAM Capital. 
Aasim: 
Good morning. So just wanted 2 clarifications. One was on the volume growth or rather the 
volume number expectation for FY '26. Now I heard you want to achieve 100,000 to 105,000 
metric ton sales this year. Was that the correct number? Or did you mean that you have done 
that much last year and you still aim to do 20% growth on the 100,000 basis? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Yes, Aasim. So see, yes, like I said, there is good -- there is like whatever has happened in the 
first 7 months of FY '26, right, the next 5 months could be much, much stronger. They have to 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
be stronger, right? So based on those hopes and confidence, we are saying that we should be 
able to touch the figure like which we had stated earlier. 
Aasim: 
You've done 100,000 last year. 20% growth on that should be 120,000. Is that the number you 
aspire to reach? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
That's right. 
Aasim: 
Okay. And second is on basically what -- I just wanted to understand what happened on Kisan 
level at the EBITDA front in Q2 because I would have assumed most of the work of integrating 
that plant is already done. It's been 6 quarters since we acquired it. And so did something go 
wrong in Q2? Any one-off that you want to clarify or just call out just to help us understand 
what might have dragged the EBITDA back to 0 in the case of Kisan? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So Aasim, I think it's more of like a factor of 2 things, right? One is the -- because the volume 
declined on Q-o-Q basis, right? So there was negative operating leverage, right, because of fixed 
costs, which you couldn't lower down, right? So negative operating leverage. Second, Aasim, is 
the pricing in the industry for the PVC pipe segment as a whole, right? 
 
Because it did -- like I said, there's a price war which is going on, right? And Category A, 
Category B brands all have kind of reduced pricing heavily. So Kisan in their Western market 
also, they had to reduce the pricing, right? And that led to like, I would say, like a marginal loss 
only at EBITDA level, even lower than breakeven. 
Aasim: 
The price thing would be a bigger part, right? Because Kisan, I think the volume -- there is still 
some 8%, 9% Y-o-Y volume growth? 
Management: 
Right, see, why all the players would reduce the price in one go because of the desperation to 
sell. Now why there was desperation because Western India or I would say a whole of India saw 
a rainfall this year more than like what we saw in our life so far, right? So when monsoons were 
there, demand collapsed, right? Every player wanted to fill in their capacities, fill in their 
capacities to achieve sales targets. So what they did, they reduced pricing, right? So yes, I mean, 
it's an industry phenomena and from where like Kisan is not immune. 
Aasim: 
This is more a Kisan problem than an Apollo problem. Is it? Because I don't see the same level 
of impact on Apollo because I would assume the competitive intensity throughout everywhere. 
That is not the case, at least in Q2, right? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Because like West India was more impacted from heavy monsoon, I would say, than rest of 
India, number one. Number two, Apollo's portfolio mix is now 60% towards construction 
material, housing plumbing, right, whereas Kisan contribution from housing plumbing is lower 
than agri, right? So they got impacted more. 
Aasim: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Udit Gajiwala from Yes Securities. 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Udit Gajiwala: 
So, sir, on the ADD front, what Sameer sir mentioned, just wanted to understand that the 6%, 
7% price hike that is expected, that should take a longer time, right, because of this 3, 4 months 
buffer, we are hearing that the imports have gone up sharply. So despite ADD, let's assume it 
comes up by the time line that is there right now by November 15, but the price hikes may not 
be so fast. Is the understanding correct? If you can just throw some light, please? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes, Udit, yes, regarding the ADD, of course, the traders or the, you can say, resin, local resin 
suppliers, they have increased their inventory on account of anticipation in ADD. But the next 
level, the channel partners, they are quite empty. 
 
And once the demand ramps up, then we are expecting a rise of this 7% to 8%, the resin prices 
on account of demand, not on account of inventory. Because once the demand is there definitely 
the local producer will raise their prices along with the local suppliers of PVC resin, they will 
also increase their resin prices in the market because the fresh material will not be available at 
the same price. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Understood sir, that’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Pujan Shah from Molecule Ventures. 
Pujan Shah: 
My first question relates to the CPVC side. So just want to understand a on broader aspect that 
the reason for the tie-up with the Lubrizol, is it because the domestic producer has not been able 
to produce a quality required by us? Or is it because of the sustainable supply from raw material, 
which we need on a constant basis has been only supplied by Lubrizol. So why we initiated with 
Lubrizol rather than going with local suppliers as well? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes, Mr. Shah. Actually, there is a quality, you can say, superiority in Lubrizol as compared to 
the local suppliers in India which are already there. There are 2 suppliers right now. So Lubrizol 
has an upper hand in terms of quality with them. And next thing is that Lubrizol is also starting, 
you can say, production plant in India by FY '27, yes. FY '27 they will be starting their local 
production. 
 
So they will be very competitive. And again, right now they are also trying to match their prices 
in accordance with the local supplies, what has been done with the local suppliers. So because 
of this thing, we are going with Lubrizol. 
 
Secondly, the brand value also impacts too much in the institutional and the contractor sales, 
where Lubrizol has an upper hand because of FlowGuard brand already being at the top in the 
industry. So with the help of Lubrizol we will be able to cater new markets where right now 
Apollo is not able to supply because of quality perception being FlowGuard being the leader. 
 
So we want to take that perception and want to regain our good, you can say, good quantum and 
good position in CPVC in that area where we are right now not supplying in the, you can say, 
builder segment or institution sector, where we have good demand in CPVC. 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Pujan Shah: 
So, sir, just wanted to understand, so our total requirement of CPVC will be procured from 
Lubrizol or we have a tier 2 suppliers as well to maintain our. 
Sameer Gupta: 
No, no, no, it is 100% tier, and our local total requirement will be filled by Lubrizol only. 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, just wanted to understand as you now has been guiding us that right now 
import has been very steep in terms of PVC, while channel inventory is -- has holding a low 
inventory. So just wanted to understand the context whenever the ADD comes into place, there 
is always steep imports because after that the price always inches up. And so why channel partner 
has been not building up the inventory because ultimately that will also increase the price and 
taking also that inventory gain in their own portfolio. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Right now, because the ADD is there in the news for the last 3, 4 months, and it is not getting 
happened. So channel partner doesn't have that confidence and when exactly it will come. And 
for 2, 3 times, they have already incurred losses on account of ADD date, build up their 
inventories and the prices again go down and they had to face losses on account of that drop. So 
right now, channel partners, they are not confident of keeping stocks. 
 
And whenever the ADD will come, they will definitely ramp up their stocks. And as per that, 
we anticipate, you can say, demand increase with increases coming into phases, not exactly at 
1% or 2% at one time. In the next 15, 20 days, they will increase the price to the normal level of 
what after ADD prices will be. So channel partners will definitely stock, but after ADD happens, 
not before that because of the past experience. 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, last question would be on the PVC side. So right now, PVC would be 
trending around 68, 69 and that would expect after ADD it could go to 74, right? That is what 
our core expectation. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes. Yes, yes. As per the current guidance that we have got from this government. So if there is 
any change, then it will definitely adjust accordingly. But right now, as per the current guidance, 
it should be like that only. 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay. And sir, right now in Lubrizol, we are currently importing the RM right after once the 
Lubrizol commission the plant in India we will start procuring locally… 
Sameer Gupta: 
No. We are not importing from any of the outside India plant. Lubrizol is importing itself and 
they are supplying it from their local depot. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sujit D Patil from iSight Fintrade Private Limited. 
Sujit D Patil: 
My question to Mr. Gupta is as Apollo Pipe continues to expand its product range, what's the 
bigger strategic decision you see beyond just adding new SKUs to build long-term leadership in 
the industry? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So here the idea is that once we have built the distribution channel, right, to sell UPVC pipes, 
right, if you look at the journey of APL Apollo Pipes last 10 years, 2015, '16, when we got 
serious into this business and we started all the expansion. So idea was to manufacture UPVC 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
pipes, which were mainly for agri application, right, and build the distribution system. So over 
the next 2, 3 years, we did that. 
 
Then we introduced UPVC pipes for home plumbing, right? So we use the same channel, right, 
to push down the product. Then we got into fittings. Again, same channel we used to expand our 
revenues. Then we got into CPVC, then we got into water tank, then we got into plastic bath 
fittings. And in last 2, 3 years, right, which is like next phase of growth for Apollo, which we 
started in 2023. 
 
Here, we identified 2, 3 segments, right, which we could sell through same channel, right? Like 
we introduced DWC pipes, right, then gas piping, PLB ducts, right? OPVC is a different channel, 
but then at least the contractors who are using our HDP pipes, right, we could use that channel. 
 
Then window profiles is slightly a different channel. But then the APL Apollo brand in 
construction materials, that is helping this product to be like -- to be launched, right, and do well 
in the market. So idea is that, I mean, we need to hit INR3,000 crores of revenue, right? And we 
realize that it cannot be done only basis of like 2, 3 products, right? 
 
We need a mix of dozens of products, right? Majority of those products will be sold through the 
same channel, which we have worked in the last 10 years to build, right, and backed by brand 
APL Apollo. They trust what this brand has in the mind share of our customers. That's the 
strategy which we are working on. 
Sujit D Patil: 
I believe Mr. Jain is also today on the call? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Mister? 
Sujit D Patil: 
Mr. Jain, Ajay Jain is on the call today? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Yes, that's right. Yes. 
Sujit D Patil: 
So my question is, Mr. Jain, looking ahead, what internal steps or cost management planning do 
you think are most important to protect the margins, especially if input cost or demand patterns 
keep on changing? 
Ajay Kumar Jain: 
So as Mr. Anubhav Gupta told earlier that all the expansions and capex would be done internally 
and there would be no debt. So looking after all those activities, still we would be at a very low 
level of debt in case of working capital is concerned as per our capex and expansion guidelines. 
Sujit D Patil : 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rudraksh Raheja from ithought Financial Consulting. 
Rudraksh Raheja: 
My questions are mainly regarding the OPVC segment. Sir, how is the pricing trend in that 
segment and current prices, if you can inform us. 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Arun Agarwal: 
Hello, Rudraksh. So as far as pricing because it is a B2B segment, so pricing varies for each 
orders actually on the basis of which state we are operating in. So because everywhere it goes -
- as of now, it is going to mainly into the government sector, wherein the prices are -- there is an 
upper cap actually. So it varies -- the discounting depends upon the cap that is there actually. So 
there is no fixed price for selling OPVC pipes. It is still on a higher margin product. So exact 
amount or quantum of price cannot be disclosed. 
Rudraksh Raheja: 
On the trend front, sir, can you tell us like how it has been in the last… 
Arun Agarwal: 
Competition every quarter, it is increasing. On the trend front, we can say that. Because demand 
from most of the states, they are still in the, say, implementation phase of converting from DI to 
OPVC. So I think another few quarters would be required for the demand to ramp up wherein 
the pricing again will start seeing uptrend. 
Rudraksh Raheja: 
Got it. And sir, are we seeing any new states coming up with new tenders or new demand for 
this year? 
Arun Agarwal: 
Yes, yes. It is going on in full swing. As of now, say, if you talk about last quarter, there were 
only 3, 4 states which were using OPVC. And if you talk about the next quarter, it will be almost 
double. Already 3, 4 states are at the final stages of taking out tenders. 
Rudraksh Raheja: 
Got it. And which would be those states, sir? 
Arun Agarwal: 
I can name a few. That is Bihar, Rajasthan and something like that. Kerala is also one of them. 
Rudraksh Raheja: 
Got it. Got it, sir. And sir, how is the momentum on the funds released by say central 
governments. 
Arun Agarwal: 
That is the only bigger concern actually for the last 1 year or so. That is killing the demand and 
all. Otherwise, the demand even today is good because funds are not being released to the 
contractors, so the fresh demand is not coming or fresh supplies we are not making. 
Rudraksh Raheja: 
And we have not witnessed any progress on that front as of now. 
Arun Agarwal: 
That is for the government to release actually, and every time we hear that, okay, from the next 
month, it will improve and all. So not sure about when actually it will happen. But as of now, 
that is a bigger concern especially for infra spending. 
Rudraksh Raheja : 
Got it. Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Priyanshu Poyam from MoneyWorks4Me. 
Priyanshu Poyam: 
I wanted to understand how much more money have we received from the warrants that we 
issued earlier. Has there been any increase in the amount received over the last quarter? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
No. So that 75% remaining will come within its stipulated time line, which is 18 months. So as 
of now, nothing. 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vanshita Amlani, who is an investor. 
Vanshita Amlani: 
Can you share change in the EBITDA with the change in the price of resins? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Could you please a bit louder, please. 
Vanshita Amlani: 
Can you share that with the change in the EBITDA with the change of price of resins? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So see, I mean, as a business model, we don't account for inventory gain or losses, right? And it 
is very difficult to predict like how much PVC prices would go up or go down, right? That's not 
in our control. What is in our control is the inventory level for the raw material, right, so that 
whatever fluctuation is there, we get the minimum hit. So if you look at our last performance in 
so many quarters, we always try to have minimum inventory for raw materials, which prevents 
us from any massive fluctuation in the PVC prices. 
Vanshita Amlani: 
On the last quarter you mentioned that that we can achieve EBITDA 11% for Apollo alone and 
7,000 for Kisan .... 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Somehow your voice is not clear, ma'am. 
Vanshita Amlani: 
You have last quarter you mentioned that you can achieve EBITDA of INR11,000 on Apollo 
standalone. And INR7,000 for Kisan. So can you guide us what volume this EBITDA level can 
achieve? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So if you look at Apollo, right, in Q2, we did almost INR10,000 per ton, right, despite the price 
war, which is going through, right, in the industry. And secondly, the negative operating leverage 
from decline in the sales volume on Q-o-Q basis, right? So like I said that once we start doing 
25,000 to 30,000 tons on consol basis, Apollo will be upwards of INR10,000, INR11,000 per 
ton and Kisan will be like INR4,000, INR5,000, INR6,000 per ton. 
Vanshita Amlani: 
Okay. And can you share what is the current product mix and what are you targeting the product 
mix? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So right now 60% is housing plumbing and 40% is agri plus water infrastructure. In next 2, 3 
years, we want to take agri to 75% and 25% from agri and water infrastructure. 
Vanshita Amlani: 
Okay. And will this product mix compare to the EBITDA in future? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
That's right because housing plumbing offers better margin. So in next 2, 3 years, when we 
improve our sales mix, EBITDA spreads will improve. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Karan Bhatelia from Asian Market Securities Private 
Limited. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Anubhav, you mentioned about competitive intensity. So if I can ask in the last 3 years, what 
kind of industry level capacity expansion has happened? 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Anubhav Gupta: 
The capacity expansion has been in like high double -- I mean, high single digit or low double 
digit, right? So 10% to 12% industry capacity has gone up. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Right. Also in the previous con calls, we've mentioned of 3 greenfield capex apart from Varanasi, 
when do we sit on the board and decide for the other 2? So are we waiting for PVC prices to 
kind of normalize? Or are we waiting for demand to pick up and then probably we can have 
some clarity on that? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So definitely, right, I mean, we need to utilize our existing capacity, right? That was the point 
which was raised by one of the participants also earlier. So as of now, we are set with 286,000 
tons, right, which we're going to achieve in next 1 to 2 years in terms of like active capacity. 
Next phase of expansion will come when we are doing, say, 30,000, 35,000 tons, 40,000 tons of 
quarterly volume, right? And then we will go for next leg of expansion. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Right, right, right. So while the external demand environment remains pretty challenging, what 
kind of internal infrastructure are you working, whether it's on production efficiency, whether 
it's channel partner expansion, brand spends. So how do we see Apollo in the next couple of 
quarters? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So brand spends have been kind of at similar level what they used to be, right? I mean, so idea 
is to identify -- keep on identifying new products, right, for new applications, which can be sold 
through same channel or where we can leverage brand APL Apollo in construction material, 
right? That's what management is focusing on. 
 
Secondly, yes, improving efficiencies. That's like 24/7, 365 days job, Karan. All the plants, I 
mean, our most I would say, efficient plants are, number one, the mother plant in Dadri and 
second, Kisan, the Silvassa plant, right? So these 2 plants are the benchmark for us. And we -- 
like I said, 24/7 365 days, we try to maintain like the other plants should also achieve similar 
efficiencies, right? 
 
In terms of sales, yes, we have expanded our sales team for new products. We have expanded 
our distribution reach by adding more distributors. We have started monitoring secondary sales 
for our distributors, wherein our existing sales team, it visits the retail outlets. 
 
We have introduced an application, mobile app where we are kind of connecting all the retail 
shops on that app so that there could be direct communication with those retail shops. So idea is 
to connect almost 25,000, 30,000 retail shops by end of this fiscal year, right? And it will further 
help us to monitor secondary sales in a much more efficient manner. 
 
So yes, I mean, apart from identification of new products, new applications, apart from taking 
care of the ongoing capacity expansion projects, the focus is to improve efficiencies in all the 
plants to bring plants at the benchmark of Dadri and Silvassa. And fourth is like monitor 
secondary sales, right, and expanding the distribution reach for our products. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Varun Julasaria from B&K Securities. 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Varun Julasaria: 
I just wanted to understand the reason for the high tax expense this quarter and the higher other 
income this quarter. 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So there is a small sale of extra land what we sold in Dadri, right? So that came into other income. 
Yes, that was a noncore asset, which was lying in the book, so we kind of disposed it off. And 
tax rate, just one second. So Apollo stand-alone is 21% tax rate, which is in line. Actually, Kisan 
had reported a loss at PBT level. So that's why it appears high. The tax rate on consolidated 
basis, but it will get adjusted in the subsequent quarters. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay. So on the stand-alone, I guess, the tax expense is largely booked in the standalone only? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
And also because of adjustment of depreciation, right, because a lot of fixed assets came into 
gross block, right? So some depreciation adjustment also is taking the tax expense higher. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay. And my second question is, sir, what is the capex we have done so far for the year? And 
how much balance do we plan to do for the rest of the year? And if you could split it out across 
Varanasi and the UPVC and the OPVC and the other like new businesses where we have 
invested, new product line. 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So, Varun, our capex so far in first half is INR92 crores, right? For the full year target is INR150 
crores. And next year, this should go below INR100 crores for FY '27. And then the, it would 
be like normalized capex of INR40 crores, INR50 crores every year. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay. And this INR150 crores, how much would be for Varanasi and how much could be for 
the existing brownfield in OPVC and other products? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So this year, maximum capex is for Varanasi, Varun, out of INR150 crores, which we will spend 
in full year. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay. So maximum is for Varanasi. And sir, next year when we receive the fund from Kitara 
Capital, then again that greenfield plant would again get activated. So the capex would again 
start increasing, right? That's correct? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So we may hold it back for some time till, like I said, we start hitting 35,000, 40,000 tons of 
quarterly volume consistently. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay. So that fund is not contingent on the greenfield plan, I mean, just want to understand? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Yes, that's right. I mean, obviously, 2 years got lost in this industry slowdown. So yes, I mean, 
definitely we want to put up a plant in South India. There's no doubt about it. And the money 
which we will receive that will be used for that. It's just that it could be 6 months, 9 months 
delay, that's all. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for the day. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bhatelia. Over to you, sir. 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Yes. Thank you, participants, for login with the call. Management team, any closing remarks 
you want to make? 
Ajay Kumar Jain: 
Yes. This is Ajay Jain this side. I thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your 
continued support and interest in our company. We look forward to updating you on our progress 
in future calls. If you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to us. Thank you, 
and have a great day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Asian Market Securities Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
