 
 
 
 
Registered Office:  
Unit 4, Plot No 105, Halol Vadodara Road,  
Village Nurpura, Taluka Halol, 
Panchmahal, Gujarat 389 350 
Tel: 2676- 227600 / 227700 
Corporate Office:  
Polycab India Limited  
CIN: L31300GJ1996PLC114183 
#29, The Ruby, 21st Floor, Senapati Bapat Marg,  
Tulsi Pipe Road, Dadar (West), Mumbai 400 028 
Tel: +91 22 6735 1400 
Email: shares@polycab.com 
Web: www.polycab.com 
Date: October 28, 2025 
 
To 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai, MH - 400001 
To 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
C-1, G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai, MH - 400051  
 
Scrip Code: 542652    Scrip Symbol: POLYCAB  
ISIN: INE455K01017 
 
Dear Sir(s) / Madam(s), 
 
Subject: Submission of Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on October 17, 2025. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on October 17, 2025. 
 
Kindly take the same on your record.  
 
Thanking you  
Yours Faithfully 
 
For Polycab India Limited 
 
 
 
 
____________________ 
Manita Carmen A. Gonsalves 
Vice President Legal and Company Secretary 
Membership No.: A18321 
Address: #29, Ruby, 21st Floor, Senapati Bapat Marg,  
Tulsi Pipe Road, Dadar West, Mumbai – 400028 
 
 
MANITA 
CARMEN 
ALBERT 
GONSALVES
Digitally signed by MANITA CARMEN ALBERT 
GONSALVES 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=400104, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
street=FLAT NO 8BUILDING NO 9PIRAMAL NAGAR S V 
ROADMUMBAIBESIDES PATEL PETROL PUMP 400104, 
l=MUMBAI, o=Personal, title=9350, 
serialNumber=e9923616fb581748338360a9dcca7ddbef
53792338962e492591c02f91606f5f, 
pseudonym=06cc99809d91787cadb069ca8ac6e070, 
2.5.4.20=d6b37cc9b008ba4c44a5e26aead891e74cc85a
ea24a8e6ad4562fa78a0802a6d, 
email=MANITA.GONSALVES@POLYCAB.COM, 
cn=MANITA CARMEN ALBERT GONSALVES 
Date: 2025.10.28 20:58:14 +05'30'

 
“Polycab India Limited 
Q2 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. INDER JAISINGHANI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– POLYCAB INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. GANDHARV TONGIA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – POLYCAB INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. NIYANT MARU – EXECUTIVE PRESIDENT, FINANCE – POLYCAB 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. CHIRAYU UPADHYAYA – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
POLYCAB INDIA LIMITED 
 

Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Polycab India Limited Q2 FY 2026 
Earnings Conference Call. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Gandharv Tongia, Executive Director and 
Chief Financial Officer, Polycab India Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I hope all of you 
are staying healthy and safe. I'm Gandharv Tongia, Executive Director and CFO at Polycab India 
Limited. On this call, we shall discuss the second quarter results, which were approved in the 
Board meeting held today. We will be referring to the earnings presentation, financial results 
and condensed financial statements, which are available on the stock exchanges as well as on 
the Investor Relations page of our website. 
 
Joining me today from the management team, we have our Chairman and Managing Director, 
Mr. Inder Jaisinghani; our Executive President, Finance, Mr. Niyant Maru; and our Head, 
Investor Relations, Mr. Chirayu Upadhyaya. 
 
Let me now hand over the call to Inder Bhai for his comments. 
Inder Jaisinghani: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I'm happy to share that we had a strong Q2 FY 2026, marking yet 
another milestone in our growth journey. This quarter, we saw our highest ever second quarter 
and half yearly revenue, reflecting the strength in demand and that of our execution capability. 
Our profitability also reached new highs with PAT touching approximately ₹ 700 crores for the 
first time in the second quarter, contributing to a record half-yearly performance. 
 
I would also like to take this opportunity to welcome Mr. Niyant Maru, who will join us as the 
Chief Financial Officer from October 28, 2025, following Gandharv's resignation. He will serve 
in this role for an interim period of 9 months, until a suitable successor is appointed. With over 
four decades of financial leadership experience, I'm confident he will further strengthen our 
financial strategy and support the Company’s next phase of the growth. 
 
With that, I would now like to hand over to Niyant for his initial address. 
Niyant Maru: 
Thank you, Inder Bhai, for this warm welcome.  
I'm truly honoured to join the leadership team of Polycab at such a very exciting time in the 
Company's journey and look forward to contribute meaningfully to Polycab's continued growth 
and value creation.  

The Company’s strong fundamentals, consistent performance, and commitment to excellence, 
are truly inspiring. 
 
I'm excited to work very closely with the leadership team to further strengthen the financial 
strategy and continue delivering sustainable long-term value to all our stakeholders.  
With that, I would like to hand over to Gandharv, to take the call ahead. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thank you, Niyant. Before we move forward, I would like to make a moment to acknowledge 
an important transition within our leadership team. This will be my final earnings call as the 
Executive Director and CFO, and I wanted to briefly reflect on what has been a truly remarkable 
journey. 
 
I joined the organization as Deputy CFO in 2018, and it has been a privilege to contribute to its 
transformation, from a privately held Company to one of the top 100 listed companies in India 
today. When we went public in FY 2019, our market capitalization was around ₹ 8,000 crores. 
Today, it stands at over ₹ 1.1 lakh crores, a testament to our strong execution, disciplined 
growth and the trust of our shareholders, customers and partners. 
 
Over the years, we have delivered consistent growth across every key metric, becoming the 
largest Company by revenue and profitability in the electrical industry and a sector leader in 
margins, driven by our focus on efficiency and excellence. 
 
These achievements reflect the collective effort of our teams, the guidance of our Board and 
the spirit of collaboration that defines this organization. I'm deeply grateful for the trust and 
support I have received, and I leave with immense pride in what we have accomplished 
together. 
 
Thank you, and I would request you to extend the same support to Niyant and the Company as 
it continues its next phase of growth.  
Before I turn to the macroeconomic update, I would like to share a brief update on the income 
tax matter.  
As you would recall, in December 2023, the Income Tax department had conducted a search 
at the Company. Following the search, assessment orders for AY 2014-2015 to AY 2023-2024 
were issued during FY 2024-2025, resulting into a total tax demand of ₹ 525.63 million and 
interest of ₹ 175.58 million. 
 
The Company appealed these orders. During the quarter ended 30th September 2025, the 
CIT(A) allowed the Company's appeals in full, resulting in NIL tax demand. The order giving 
effect to the CIT(A) decision is currently pending before the assessing officer. 
 
 

Now turning to the macroeconomic environment.  
Major global economies are beginning to show signs of a slowdown in economic activity. In the 
U.S., indicators across the labour market, manufacturing and services sector point to easing 
momentum. In the Eurozone, manufacturing is being weighed down by softness in both 
Germany and France, where reforms are progressing more slowly than expected, affecting 
business sentiment. In China, manufacturing activity improved slightly in September 2025, but 
remains in contraction territory constrained by weak export orders. 
 
In contrast, India continues to stand out as the fastest-growing major economy. While external 
challenges persist, particularly around tariff-related uncertainties, India's strong domestic 
consumption base provides a significant buffer. The recent GST rate revisions are expected to 
further boost consumption, especially as they coincide with the festive season.  
While rural consumption remains buoyant, supported by last year's good monsoon and this 
year's above normal rainfall, urban demand has seen some moderation in wage growth. 
However, the combination of GST and income tax cuts and soft inflation is supporting 
consumer sentiment. 
 
Despite a rise in industrial metal prices and weaker currency, India's inflation outlook remains 
benign. Gold prices have risen sharply by over 40% this year, pushing headline inflation slightly 
higher, but core inflation remains moderate at 4.4% in September and even lower at 3.1%, 
excluding gold. With GST reductions likely to ease gold inflation further, it is expected that the 
overall inflation will remain under control. 
 
The real estate sector remains healthy, though with some sign of moderation. Meanwhile, 
government capex remains strong, growing 43% YoY till August '25 with ~38% of the FY 2026 
outlay already spent. This provides confidence that full year targets should be met easily. 
 
While some challenges persist, India's economic foundation remains strong, supported by 
sound fundamentals, proactive policy and resilient domestic demand, the economy is well 
positioned to navigate global headwinds and capitalize on long-term opportunities. 
 
I now hand over to Chirayu to take you through the financial performance for the quarter gone 
by. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Thank you, Gandharv.  
Let me now take you through Slide 4 of the earnings presentation.  
For the quarter ended 30th September 2025, we are pleased to report that our consolidated 
revenue grew by a strong 18% YoY, driven primarily by robust performance in our Wires & 
Cables business, supported by healthy growth in the FMEG business. 

 
Our EBITDA for the quarter grew by 62% YoY, significantly outpacing revenue growth. This 
translated into a ~430 bps YoY and ~130 bps QoQ improvement in EBITDA margin, which stood 
at 15.8%. The margin expansion was supported by strong profitability in the larger Wires & 
Cables business. 
 
At the PAT level, the Company delivered its highest ever second quarter PAT at ~₹ 7.0 billion, 
reflecting 56% YoY growth. PAT margins improved by ~260 bps YoY, to stand at 10.7% for the 
quarter. 
 
Finance costs came in at ₹ 484 million, while other income stood at ₹ 454 million. A detailed 
breakdown of the line items is available on Slide 19 of the presentation.  
We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet, closing the quarter with a net cash position 
of ₹ 29.4 billion. On working capital front, inventory days were marginally higher as we built up 
inventory in anticipation of strong demand in Q3 FY 2026. Given the use of letters of credits for 
raw material procurement, payable days also increased correspondingly, resulting in the 
working capital cycle temporarily reducing to 33 days at the end of Q2. We expect this to 
normalize to our long-term steady range of 50 to 55 days over the coming quarters. 
 
Capital expenditure for the quarter was at ₹ 3.3 billion, taking the H1 FY 2026 expenditure to 
around ₹ 7.5 billion, in line with our Project Spring guidance of investing ₹ 12 billion - ₹ 16 
billion annually through to FY 2030. 
 
On a half yearly basis, I'm proud to share that our revenues, EBITDA and PAT are the highest 
ever in the Company's history for any half yearly period. Revenues grew 21% YoY, crossing the 
₹ 120 billion milestone. EBITDA grew 55% YoY with margins strong at 15.2%. PAT grew 53% YoY 
with PAT margins of 10.4%. 
 
Moving on to Slide 6.  
The Wires & Cables business delivered a 21% YoY revenue growth, supported by high-teen 
volume expansion during the quarter. The domestic Wires & Cables business recorded a strong 
21% YoY growth despite a high base from the previous year, which had witnessed 28% YoY 
growth. 
 
This performance was driven by higher government spending, improved project execution and 
a favourable commodity environment. The continued momentum underscores our 
strengthened market position and suggests market share gains in the domestic segment during 
the quarter.  
Both cables and wires performed strongly. Sales across both distribution and institutional 
channels showed healthy traction, indicating broad-based demand. Regionally, the North led 
growth, followed by the West, South and East, reaffirming our strong pan-India presence. 

 
Looking at the broader environment, demand remains robust across key sectors. Central 
government capex spend continues to remain robust. Additionally, the Government of India 
released an extra ₹ 1 trillion in tax devolution to states on 1st of October ahead of the festive 
season to accelerate capex and welfare spending, a timely fiscal boost for infrastructure and 
development projects. 
 
India's private capex cycle is also showing early signs of revival after a period of subdued 
activity, supported by monetary easing such as rate cuts and liquidity infusion, fiscal stimulus 
like front-loading of capex and tax cuts and regulatory reforms. While the capex to GDP ratio 
remains below its historical peak of ~35% in 2004 to 2008, currently standing at 30%, the 
outlook continues to improve. 
 
The real estate market remains strong following last year's record sales and launches, a trend 
that should continue to support wires demand in the coming years.  
Our International business continued its steady growth trajectory, recording a 25% YoY 
increase during the quarter and contributing 6.5% to consolidated revenue. With a healthy 
order book in place, we expect this growth momentum to continue.  
On profitability, EBIT margins for the Wires & Cables segment stood at 15.1%, improving by 
~270 bps YoY and ~40 bps QoQ, supported by operating leverage and favourable business mix. 
 
Moving on to Slide 8 for an update on the FMEG business.  
The fans category continued to face headwinds due to the prolonged monsoon season and 
elevated channel inventory at the beginning of the quarter, registering marginal degrowth. 
Lighting business gained traction due to festival demand, registering healthy growth. In 
switches, switchgears and conduit solutions, healthy demand from real estate continues. 
 
The solar products category was once again the standout performer, driven by robust demand 
under central and state solar rooftop incentive schemes. With continued policy support and 
encouraging demand visibility, we expect this demand to continue. Our continued focus on 
premiumization as well as operating leverage benefit helped the FMEG business achieve its 
third consecutive profitable quarter despite increase in A&P spends. 
 
Now moving on to Slide 10, which provides an update on our EPC business.  
During Q2 FY 2026, EPC revenues declined 19% YoY to ₹ 4,024 million, primarily due to project 
execution cycle, same as was the case in Q1 FY 2026. Segment's profitability stood at ₹ 730 
million, translating to a margin of 18.1%. 
 
This includes a one-time gain of approximately ₹ 300 million, excluding which margins would 
be at around 10%, consistent with our mid- to long-term guidance. Our EPC order book remains 
healthy, providing strong visibility for future growth. 

 
Moving on to Slide 12, which provides an update on our Project Spring.  
Under Project Spring, we continue to make steady progress in line with our FY 2030 strategic 
guidance. Within Wires & Cables, growth in the first two quarters since the project's launch has 
been ahead of guidance at 1.5x to 2x of the industry growth rate, with margins above the 
guided range. 
 
While export contribution appears lower, exports have actually grown 25% YoY in H1 FY 2026, 
and the relative decline is due to stronger domestic growth, expanding the consolidated base. 
We remain on track toward our greater than 10% export contribution goal.  
In FMEG, we continue to outpace industry growth in line with our plan of growing 1.5x to 2x 
the market rate, while maintaining focus on margin improvement and progressing towards the 
8%-10% EBITDA target by FY 2030. 
 
We incurred ₹ 7.5 billion in capex during H1, consistent with our annual guidance of spending 
₹ 12 billion to ₹ 16 billion annually. For FY 2025, we raised our dividend payout to 26.3% from 
25.5% last year, in line with our goal of crossing 30% dividend payout by FY 2030.  
Overall, we've made a strong start to Project Spring and remain confident of achieving our long-
term objectives.  
That was the update for the quarter. Thank you, and we are now open for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Sonali from Jefferies Group. 
Sonali: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir, my first question would be in this 21% YoY sales 
growth in cables and wires, approximately how much would be volume? And if you could 
further categorize them between cables and wires, that would be great. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Thank you so much, Sonali. As far as the growth is concerned, the 21% revenue growth is on 
the base of high teens volume growth, and the remaining is the value contribution. Both cables 
and wires have registered strong growth. As far as the revenue growth in both cables and wires 
are concerned, they are pretty much equal. 
 
Again, on the volume terms, the growth will be a bit higher on the cable side, and a bit lower 
on the wire side, but that is because of very high base of wires in Q2 of previous year. If you 
would recall, in September of last year, we had seen an upward trend in copper prices in the 
last 15 days, which had led to a lot of pre-emptive stocking by distributors. As a result, we sat 
on a very high base as far as wires are concerned. Even on that, we were able to register double-
digit volume growth in the wires business - with in line revenue growth with cables. So that 
was the breakup of volume versus value. 
Sonali: 
Very helpful, sir. My second question is regarding the EPC segment. Now we understand that 
there could be a time deferment between the execution and the time that we are going to 

receive the order for the money from our RDSS orders. But going forward, on an annualized 
basis, how should we look at the revenue and the margin profile of this segment? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
On the EPC front, specifically, till quarter too, we were just executing the RDSS project. Q1 and 
Q2 were quarters wherein we had the execution phase of the project. There was a limited 
supply portion that we had to do. In Q3 and Q4 or the second half of the year, we will also have 
a cable supply portion within the RDSS contracts that we are executing. So that means second 
half of the year should see better revenue inflow coming from the RDSS project.  
Over and above that, we will also start executing the BharatNet project from Q3 onwards. That 
will add up to the overall top-line as well as bottom-line on the EPC part of the business. So 
overall, I think second half of the year should be much better as far as the EPC business is 
concerned. 
Sonali: 
Understood. And what was the one-off component in the margins? And if you could quantify 
that in Q2? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
The one-off was of about ₹ 30 crores. If you remove that from the margins of the EPC business, 
you would end up at around 10% of EBIT margins for the quarter, which is in line with our 
guided range for the segment.  The reason for this ₹ 30 crores of one-off was because of change 
in terms in one of our contracts. 
Sonali: 
Understood. Got it. And just one last question. Any update on our EHV segment because that 
seems to be quite a good demand driver going forward for the industry as a whole. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Sonali, the EHV plant continues as per the timeline. We are expecting that plant to get 
commissioned by the end of next calendar year. So perhaps we'll be able to start seeing benefit 
from the EHV sales only in FY 2028. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ashish Jain from Macquarie India. 
Ashish Jain: 
So Chirayu, my first question is on the growth in cable and wire, like this year also, we have 
seen a fairly sharp rally in copper prices, right? And some of our channel checks are indicating 
a similar stock up and all by the dealers. What is our sense on that? Does this volume growth 
reflect that? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, Ashish, as on date or in the first half of this year, definitely, we have seen better traction as 
far as the volume growth is concerned. But all of this is largely linked to the fundamental 
demand. We don't see a lot of inventory buildup into the channel right now. To a certain extent, 
maybe in wires, we would have seen that buildup happening towards the end of September. 
 
But same was the case towards the end of June and all that inventory got liquidated because 
the fundamental demand remains strong. So, we don't believe that the high-volume growth 
that we are witnessing this year has anything to do with the copper movement. I think the 
fundamental demand remains quite strong. 

 
The government, as you would have seen in the numbers, they are front-loading their capex 
and has already spent ~38% of their yearly target. We are also seeing a lot of green shoots in 
few of the private sectors as far as capex is concerned. And all of those put together are helping 
in terms of the volume growth on the cables and wires business. 
 
We continue to expect the second half of the year to remain strong. This is also visible in the 
inventory we have created, which is in anticipation of strong demand in the third and fourth 
quarters. 
Ashish Jain: 
Right. And second question is again on cable and wires, like what explains the margins there? 
Is it purely operating leverage or there's something else also? And an extension of that is where 
are we on price hikes given the sharp copper price rally that we have seen? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, on a sequential basis, the margin improvement in cables and wires is only roughly around 
40 to 50 bps. This improvement is largely because of operating leverage. Year-on-year, it's a 
mix of operating leverage as well as gross margin expansion. So that's the reason for the higher 
margins. 
 
As for your second question regarding the pricing pass-on is concerned, as you are aware, 90% 
of our business is through distributors, and for distributors, we revise prices on a monthly basis. 
So whatever movement happens in a month, we pass it on in the consequent month. 
 
The uptrend in copper prices that we witnessed was towards the end of September. So, we 
would have passed on that increase in prices only in the first week of October. If you look at 
the September quarter prices, the average copper prices, and look at YoY growth, largely, you 
would see the average is pretty much similar. So, it's kind of flat YoY. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Natasha Jain from Phillip Capital. 
Natasha Jain: 
My first question is on wires and cables. If I see your top-line growth, this has historically, 
growth has been much larger than 19%, with margins lower than 15%. So, this time, it's at a 
lower top-line growth, a higher margin. 
 
I want to understand, does exports have anything to do with this given that there was a period 
of 20 days when a lot of players front-loaded US exports. So, has that also come into our 
margins? And having said that, what about exports from quarter 3 onwards to US given it's a 
high-margin business? First question, sir. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, Natasha, on the top-line of the wires and cables business, we've actually grown 21% in this 
quarter YoY. And that, too, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, is on a very high base. Last 
year, we had seen 23% growth in wires and cables and the domestic business has actually 
grown 28% YoY in Q2. On that, we have registered a 21% YoY growth. So definitely, nothing 
amiss as far as the top line growth is concerned. The percentages, maybe, you might be 
comparing it with 25%+ kind of growth, but you also have to consider the base when you are 
looking at the percentage growth. 

 
As far as margin increase is concerned, see, it is a mixture of a lot of things. Operating leverage 
is definitely one of them, but also the business mix change is one of them. YoY, if you look at 
the exports mix, it's not very different. QoQ, yes, it is better. 
 
The margins in exports are definitely better. But unlike some of our peers, we don't operate 
through distributors when we export. We operate mainly through institutional channel. And 
irrespective of the tariffs or how the prices move, institutional players don't prepone their 
buying. It's the distributors who resort to stocking. 
 
So, in exports, we didn't see any kind of pre-stocking because of whatever tariffs or copper-
related movement or any of that sort. All of this is pretty much execution of the order book 
that we had. 
Natasha Jain: 
Understood. This is helpful. And in terms of export, can you break the sales geography-wise? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
It's a mix of all 6 continents put together. We would have good contribution coming in also 
from the U.S., which would be close to around 20%. The other geographies of Europe, Middle 
East, Australia as well as South America, all of them contributed to this growth. 
Natasha Jain: 
So, can we expect this 20% from U.S. to continue in the future? Or has there been proper billing 
post 27th of August to U.S.? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
See, U.S. is a developing situation. So, it will be very difficult for us to comment at this point of 
time what we can expect perhaps by the end of this quarter, or maybe in the next quarter or 
so. We don't know what the tariff number will be by next month either. 
 
Hopefully, the ongoing trade negotiations get resolved by the end of November, and we 
perhaps see a reduction in the tariffs which are levied on us. Based on that, there might be 
some changes in what visibility we might have from U.S. It is very difficult to comment as of 
now as far as the U.S. is concerned. 
Natasha Jain: 
Fair enough. Just one last quick question. So, one of your peers had mentioned on their con 
call that their EHV plant is facing issues in terms of non-availability of technicians for vertical 
lines. Now I understand Polycab is also setting up vertical lines for EHV. So, are you facing any 
such issues in terms of non-availability of technicians and therefore, any delay? Or are we on 
track for it to commission? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Natasha, we are not facing any such delay in acquiring of technicians. We are pretty much on 
track. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Achal from Nuvama IE. 
Achal: 
The first question I have with respect to the demand. I understand basically what you're seeing 
is very strong domestic and export outlook. So how do we see in terms of volume sustaining? 
Do you think the volume growth of high teens can continue in the remaining part of the year, 

particularly when you are talking about the inventories? What kind of growth are we building 
when we are building the inventories, if you could clarify on the same? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Achal, as you are aware, we don't give out yearly or quarterly guidance. So perhaps I would 
refrain from giving specific numbers on the volume growth expectation. We are, on the ground, 
witnessing a lot of traction in execution. Q2 in that way generally is hampered because of 
monsoon season. And this time around, we actually had an extended monsoon season. But in 
spite of that, you've seen the numbers that are being delivered. We believe that once, the 
monsoon season is over, the execution will actually pick up pace. 
 
And looking at what the government has done in the first half of this year in terms of their 
spend and whatever traction is visible from the private side, we definitely believe the second 
half should continue to be a good affair. And hence, we have a very positive outlook as far as 
the growth for the second half is concerned. But perhaps I won't be able to give you any 
quantum of growth numbers. 
Achal: 
All right. The second question I have with respect to the margins. Given what we have delivered 
the number, I presume, I mean, this is 14%-15% margin, the implied EBITDA margin is 16%+, 
while we continue to guide for a lower margin. So, if you could quantify if there is anything 
specific which is helping these extra margins, which you think may not be sustainable? Anything 
you want to call out? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Achal, the guidance of 11% to 13% of margins is a 5-year guidance. It is not something that we 
believe will be the case immediately next quarter or the quarter after that. Currently, we are 
seeing very good traction. The utilizations rates are quite good. 
 
So, we believe perhaps we could be able to continue to deliver maybe at the higher end or 
perhaps even better than that. But our longer-term guidance of 5 years, you have to be a bit 
conservative when you give out those guidance, and that is what we have done as far as the 
margins guidance is concerned. 
Achal: 
Got it. And just last question, if I may, with respect to the industry demand supply in terms of 
capacity and demand. Are you seeing any stress emerging in terms of the pricing, etcetera? I 
remember last time you had talked about the price premium for some of the products. So, is 
that premium sustained? Or is there any moderation in that premium? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, we are not seeing any particular increase in competitive intensity, and that is perhaps visible 
in the gross margin that we are delivering. Our pricing premium compared to the other players 
in the industry continues to be as it is, and we don't expect there to be any material change in 
the near-to-mid term to that. 
Achal: 
This is very helpful. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jai Chauhan from Trinetra Asset Managers. 

Jai Chauhan: 
So, my question is on the FMEG segment. With solar products now being the largest category, 
could you elaborate on the margin profile of the solar business and versus the rest of the FMEG 
portfolio? And looking ahead, what are the key strategic levers beyond solar that will drive 
segment margin from the current low towards the ambition of 8% to 10% under the Project 
Spring? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, Jai, we don't particularly give out product-wise margins, neither the breakup of our FMEG. 
Having said that, solar is a profitable business for us, and that will continue to be the case. The 
other products that we have in the FMEG segment, which are switches, switchgears, conduits, 
all of them are profitable. 
 
Perhaps one of the segment that we would want to be profitable in the near to midterm is the 
Fans segment. Over there, the utilization rates continue to be at a bit lower and which is what 
is hampering our operating leverage and hence, the bottom line. As and when we scale up that 
business, perhaps that growth in terms of the bottom line in the FMEG business will see a 
material pickup.  
Over and above that, gross margin expansion as well based on the premiumization drive that 
we are undertaking across the product categories, that will be the other driver. 
 
We are also focusing on increasing the contribution of higher-margin products like switchgears 
and switches in the business. As and when that pans out over the course of next 5 years, again, 
that should be a booster to the bottom line of the FMEG segment. So, these are the 3 levers 
that we are working on to finish the journey from the current margins to 8% to 10% in the next 
5 years. 
Jai Chauhan: 
Understandable, sir. And on the FMEG side, what I have seen around the industry is like if you 
take an example of fans, if you see Atomberg as they're focusing on marketing, distribution, 
everything and then they are outsourcing their contract manufacturing. So, like what was the 
rationale behind doing everything in-house? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, Jai, you will be aware that we use the same brand Polycab within our FMEG business as 
well. Polycab as a cables and wires brand is considered to be a superior brand as far as quality 
is concerned. We didn't want to dilute our brand name when we sell the FMEG products. 
 
So that was one of the reasons why we chose to manufacture our products in-house because 
we can control the quality of our products. Over and above that, it also gives you a better 
handle on availability, which is something which faces a lot of pressures when you outsource, 
as the other partners might not have or might be going to some rough patch. So, both of this 
put together is one of the rationale. 
 
The other rationale is that there is a lot of synergy as far as the manufacturing process is 
concerned. We use the same raw materials largely copper, steel, plastic, etcetera, which are 
used in the cables and wires business to manufacture our FMEG products. Since we have the 

scale benefit on the cables and wires business, perhaps we can leverage on that scale benefit, 
lower cost and optimize our manufacturing cost on the FMEG side. So, all those 3 things put 
together is the rationale behind us manufacturing our products in-house. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Securities. 
Umang Mehta: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Chirayu, the question was on gross margin in wires and 
cables on a YoY basis. Now if you compare this quarter to the base quarter, if you can just 
highlight, I mean, what helps us to show this strong expansion? 
 
Because I believe in base quarter, you had highlighted heightened competition in wires. But I 
believe even this quarter, we've seen copper price inflation and some stocking up in wires. So, 
what has exactly changed if we were to compare both the quarters like-for-like? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, similar to Q1, we had seen the expansion on the gross margin level, pretty much the same 
continues in Q2. We didn't see a similar heightened competitive intensity on the wires this time 
around. 
 
Last year in September, the upside that happened in copper was within a very short time frame 
of 3 to 4 days and towards the end of the quarter, which led to the higher competitive intensity. 
This time around, the increase in copper prices was over a longer period, and perhaps that is 
why we might not have seen a similar behaviour from the competitors this time around. So 
that is why the margins even in wires were pretty good.  
Over and above that, our own internal initiatives are working quite well for us. For example, in 
the wires business, we are focusing on selling of Class 2 or premium wires, which is where the 
margin profiles are better. Over the last few quarters, we've seen an improvement in mix of 
those premium wires in our sales, and that has helped us in terms of improvement of gross 
margins as well. 
 
Similarly, in cables, we have seen the sales of better gross margin SKUs go up, and that has 
again helped us to improve our overall margins YoY as well. The remaining is obviously the 
operating leverage part. So, these variables put together are helping us in this increase in the 
margins on the cables and wire side. 
Umang Mehta: 
Understood. And just as a follow-up to this, because you have a hedging and your contracts -- 
you have these embedded contracts, a gradual move in copper price, like it benefits the other 
peers who do not hedge, it doesn't really benefit you in that sense. Is that the right way to think 
about it? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Right. See, for us, hedging is a tool which helps us maintain margin. We are not looking at in 
terms of improvement. There will be certain cases wherein it might be helping us in terms of 
margins, and in other case, it might decrease margins. 

 
But what it helps us to do is create a relatively stable margin profile and that is what we aim 
for. So, we'll continue to use the hedging mechanism in our business, and we will not deviate 
from that irrespective of what the copper or aluminum or the USD-INR movement is. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aadipta Ghosh from Invesmate Insights Private 
Limited. 
Aadipta Ghosh: 
First of all, congratulations for your great numbers. My question is major players like Adani 
Group and Birla Group entering the market. How do you see the competition evolving? Do you 
expect any margin pressure in coming quarters for new entrants? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, Aditya, the announcements of entry by both these large conglomerates happened 
somewhere around the beginning of this year. It will obviously take some time for those players 
to enter in the industry. One of the players has given specific plans and timelines by which time 
they expect their plant to get commissioned and them to enter in this particular industry, while 
the other player has not given any clear plans of what they wish to do as far as this business is 
concerned. 
 
Even for the player which has given the plans, this is something which will happen after 1-1.5 
years. At that point of time, we'll have to see what the demand environment and the 
competitive intensity look like. But this player has indicated that their focus will be largely on 
wires. Wires, in particular, is an industry where we have always been in oversupply. We have 
always been competing with other large players as well as the large unorganized players and 
we've continued to grow in that environment and continue to gain on market share. 
 
So, from our point of view, we'll continue to focus on our initiatives, our strategy, our products 
and different geographies to continue to gain our market share. As and when we have the 
newer players entering the market, we'll perhaps look at strategies to compete with them as 
well. 
Aadipta Ghosh: 
Okay. And my next question is what's your current capacity utilization in wire and cable 
segment? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Utilization will be in mid-70s. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Prathamesh Rane from Elara Securities. 
Prathamesh Rane: 
Congratulations for the superior quarter. My question was on Etira, Maxima and, the Suprema 
wires, how they are doing in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, just wanted to get some insight on that. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Prathamesh for Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 5 cities, we have the Etira brand, which we introduced around 
3-3.5 years back. This is a wire range which competes very actively and very competitively with 
the unorganized players and their offerings in this market. Suprema, Primma and the other 
ranges that we have are more premium in nature, and they are largely used in metro and Tier 
1 cities. 

 
As I had mentioned in one of the earlier questions, we are seeing very good traction in sales of 
our Class 2 wires. That has been one of our focus areas, and we have seen very good traction 
on that front, which is again resulting into improvement of our margin profile on the wires 
segment as well. So largely, I mean, wires for the last 4-5 quarters, we've seen almost 20%+ 
growth each quarter and all of those ranges that we have, they are panning out quite well. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rahul Maheshwary from Dolat Asset Management. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
Just one question from my end. We are hearing a lot of HVDC as an opportunity, which is till 
2035. For my clarification, HVDC as an opportunity is similar to what EHV cable would be 
coming or it's completely different? Or Polycab is looking for such opportunity going ahead? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Thanks, Rahul. So, the EHV plant that we are putting up will be largely utilized for only the EHV 
opportunity. As of now, we are not looking at the HVDC opportunity. Perhaps, yes, as you 
rightly mentioned, it is an opportunity which will perhaps be there in the longer term. If you 
take more of a decade or two decades kind of view, there may be more demand for those kind 
of cables. But as of now, there are very limited projects in the country that requires HVDC 
cables. None of the players in the country have the tech to manufacture them, and whatever 
cables are being utilized or will be supplied for those projects will be imported. So, as of now, 
it is not something that we are looking to pursue. But maybe in the next few years, that might 
be an area that we develop the tech for or acquire, and then look to gain from the opportunity 
over the longer period. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
And how big this TAM can be for next 1 decade, specifically for HVDC? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Rahul very difficult to quantify the market size for a specific type of cable. We'll have to see 
what kind of order contracts are being given out by the government, and that is how perhaps 
we'll get to know the TAM for that. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
And just a follow-up question, I know defense as a part is too miniscule compared to what the 
cables are being put for the power and etcetera, other industries. But anything which we are 
catering to defense sector? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
We definitely cater to the defense sector. We have a vertical which is called special purpose 
cables wherein we cater to the defense sector. The key here is, first of all, you need to develop 
the products which are required in defense and which are very different compared to the 
normal cables which are used in the other industries. Once that is done, you have to secure 
approvals from the various end customers before you start supplying. Over the last 2-3 years, 
we've worked on developing those products and securing those approvals, and we've now 
been consistently improving our supply to the defense industry. 
 
Going ahead as well, whatever new investments on the defense side are being done in the 
country and whatever type of cables will be required in defense, we are kind of an approved 

player for that. And going ahead, it should be one of the areas, developing areas, which should 
kind of see quite good growth as far as the cables business is concerned. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sanjaya Satapathy from Ampersand. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Chirayu, just two questions. One is that you said that you have already taken a price hike in 
October. Is it possible to say what kind of price hike you have taken? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Sanjaya, you can look at the movement of copper and aluminum along with the USD-INR 
movement in the previous month to this month and take the average and perhaps that is the 
increase that we would have taken. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Okay. So that essentially tells me that you are protecting your margin despite this volatility. 
Thanks for clarifying that. My second question is that this capex, which we have done like ₹ 750 
crores odd and you're planning to do somewhere around ₹ 1,500 crores, ₹ 1,600 crores this 
year. Can you spell it out for us like what all exact capacities that has gone up? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Sanjaya, this is a capex that we continue to do every quarter. Not necessarily we'll have facilities 
coming up for the spend that we did in the previous quarter. It takes time for the plants to get 
commissioned and become operational. We've been doing much more capex since last couple 
of years. 
 
In the last two years, we've done ~₹ 850 crores and ~₹ 960 crores of capex. This year as well, 
we are at ₹ 750 crores in the first half, and we'll perhaps do somewhere between ₹ 1,200 crores 
to ₹ 1,600 crores for the year. All of these capacities come up gradually. Some of them are 
brownfield, which will perhaps come up in 1-1.5 years and some of them are greenfield, which 
will take a bit of a longer time. 
 
The spends are done across the different types of cables. Part of this is also for EHV, while the 
other spends are done for normal high voltage, low voltage or medium voltage cables, and so 
on and so forth. So, it's a mix of all of those. As far as the capacity which is coming up, I wouldn't 
be able to quantify it at this point of time. 
 
But if you are looking at what incremental revenue potential this capex generates, you can take 
a 4x to 5x turn on the capex that we are doing, and perhaps with a lag of 1.5-2 years, that is 
the kind of incremental revenue potential this capex will be generating for us. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Sorry, how much did you say? 4x to 5x? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
4x to 5x, yes. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Okay. Okay. No, I just wanted to know how the mix between wire and cable versus others. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
See, the capacities are largely fungible. So, you can use the same capacities to manufacture 
any type of cables or you can use the cables' capacity to manufacture wires. There is nothing 

that stops you. So, depending on the kind of demand which is there or the kind of product that 
you would want to cater to, you can use the capacities to manufacture any type. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Natasha Jain from PhillipCapital. 
Natasha Jain: 
Two questions. One, Chirayu, can you give us the breakdown in terms of order book for RDSS 
and BharatNet as of today? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, Natasha, the order book for RDSS currently stands at ₹ 33.5 billion. And for BharatNet, since 
the execution will only begin from next quarter onwards, the order book is similar as it was at 
the end of previous quarter, which excluding the GST part stands at about ₹ 80 billion. 
Natasha Jain: 
Understood. And one last question. In terms of fans, there is a BEE rating change in the offing, 
right? So, are you expecting any kind of pressure in terms of pushing volumes and therefore, 
at the risk of margins for fans in third quarter? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, we didn't see any such pressure when the previous BEE change happened around 1 year, 9 
months back. So, perhaps we wouldn't see a similar pressure this time either. But obviously, 
one cannot guarantee that. We'll see how the next quarter pans out to know if there is any 
competitive intensity or higher pressure on the margins to perhaps liquidate the inventory. 
Natasha Jain: 
But is there any kind of price cuts that you are seeing? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
As on date, we haven't seen any price cuts. In fact, in the previous quarter, the industry actually 
took price hikes. So, let's see how the next quarter pans out. It will depend a bit on the demand 
environment as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rahul Maheshwary from Dolat Asset Management. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
Just that question, can you quantify the special purpose opportunity and currently, how much 
it contributes without going into details sector to sector, but for next capex, which in upcoming 
2, 3 years, which you are planning, what quantum can go towards a special purpose kind of 
structure? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Within the special purpose cables (SPC) vertical, we cater to 3 types of opportunities — 
defense, automobiles, and railways, specifically railway coaches. These three put together 
form part of our SPC vertical. As of now, the contribution of SPC vertical to our overall cables 
and wires would be in low single digits. However, looking at the kind of investments which are 
happening in those sectors, it can be one of the fastest-growing vertical for us. 
 
As far as the opportunity size is concerned, you can track the announcements of government 
related to defense. Similarly, on the automobile side, you can look at the investments 
happening on the EV side as well as on the railway coaches side. 

 
These are government projects, and the numbers are largely available in the public domain. 
You can apply a percentage of about 2.5% to 3% to the capex, which are currently getting 
committed in these sectors, and that would represent the demand for cables generated from 
those sectors. This is how you can quantify the demand expected within those sectors. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
And how much Polycab is targeting in next 5 years? In this current single-digit contribution, 
which is there, what can be the targeted contribution you expect going ahead from this 
segment? And is the margins 200, 300 bps better in special purpose cables? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Rahul, all three of these are institutional orders. As I was mentioning, these are new sectors 
where you have to develop the products and get yourself approved. It takes a lot of time for 
you to secure those approvals from multiple clients. So, it often takes a few quarters or years 
for you to go through that process. Once that is done, the scale-up is much faster. We do expect 
the SPC vertical for us to grow at a faster rate compared to the other types of cables. But again, 
it is very difficult to quantify the contribution that we will generate from the SPC vertical for us 
five years down the line. 
 
Even in our normal types of cables or wires that we are manufacturing, we are seeing very good 
traction. So, the focus is on all types of cables and wires, and we are not looking at specific 
contribution of any one vertical in isolation for our business. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Gandharv Tongia for the closing remarks. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thank you, everyone, for taking out time and attending the call. Thank you for your trust and 
support over the period. We take this opportunity to wish you, your family members and each 
and every member of your family a very happy Diwali. Thank you. Take care. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Polycab India, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
