  
 
Biocon Limited 
20th KM, Hosur Road 
Electronic City  
Bangalore 560 100, India 
T 91 80 2808 2808 
F 91 80 2852 3423 
 
CIN : L24234KA1978PLC003417 
 
www.biocon.com  
 
BIO/SECL/TG/2025-26/122 
 
November 18, 2025 
 
To, 
            
 
 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To, 
            
 
 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Communication Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400 050 
Scrip Code- 532523 
Scrip Symbol- BIOCON 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call Q2 FY26 
 
This is further to our earlier letter dated November 12, 2025, regarding the presentation of Q2 FY26 
Earnings Call held on November 12, 2025, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the Earnings 
Call. 
 
The same is also available on the website of the Company at https://www.biocon.com/investor-
relations/financial-information/quarterly-reports/fy-2025-26/. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Biocon Limited 
 
                  
 
_______________ 
Rajesh U. Shanoy  
Company Secretary and Compliance officer  
ICSI Membership Number: A16328 
 
 
 
 
 
RAJESH 
UMAKAN
T SHANOY
Digitally signed by 
RAJESH UMAKANT 
SHANOY 
Date: 2025.11.18 
16:54:09 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Biocon Limited Q2 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call Transcript 
November 12th, 2025 

 
 
Speakers and Participants from Biocon Limited, Biocon Biologics Limited  
 
 
Dr. Kiran Mazumdar Shaw – Executive Chairperson, Biocon Group  
Mr. Siddharth Mittal – Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director, Biocon Limited 
Mr. Shreehas Tambe – Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director, Biocon Biologics Limited 
Mr. Matthew Erick – Chief Commercial Officer – Advanced Markets, Biocon Biologics Limited 
Mr. Kedar Upadhye – Chief Financial Officer, Biocon Biologics Limited 
Mr. Saurabh Paliwal – Head - Investor Relations, Biocon Limited 
 
 
External Participants during Q&A session 
 
 
Tushar Manudhane – Motilal Oswal Financial Services Ltd 
Harith Ahamed – Spark Institutional Equities Pvt. Ltd 
Sidharth Negandhi – CWC Advisors  
Love Sharma – JP Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited 
Surya Patra – Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited  
Abdulkader Puranwala – ICICI Securities Limited 
Imtiaz Shefuddin – Barclays Bank  
Nitin Agarwal – DAM Capital Advisors Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Prepared Remarks Session 
Moderator: 
 Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Biocon Limited's Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. If you would like to ask a question, please click on the ask a question tab. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Saurabh Paliwal from Biocon 
Investor Relations. Thank you, and over to you Mr. Paliwal. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Biocon's second quarter results for FY26. 
Before we get started, let me introduce the management team on this call. We have Biocon Chairperson, Dr. Kiran 
Mazumdar Shaw; Mr. Siddharth Mittal, CEO and MD, Biocon Limited; Mr. Shreehas Tambe, CEO and MD, Biocon 
Biologics Limited, along with other senior management colleagues across our business segments. 
A few housekeeping points - We will start the call with the opening remarks from Kiran, which will be followed by 
an interactive Q&A session. All participants lines are muted and are on listen only mode. There will be an 
opportunity to ask questions after the remarks conclude and if you need to ask a question, please select the ask a 
question tab on your webcast screen. The operator will call out your name and unmute your line to enable to ask 
a question. 
Please note that this webinar is being recorded. The recording will be made available on our website within the 
day, and the call transcript will be made available subsequently.  
Before we begin, I want to remind everyone about safe harbour related to today's call. Comments made during the 
call may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in relation to the risks that our business faces that could 
cause our future results, performance or achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by 
such forward-looking statements. 
Now I would like to turn the call over to Kiran for her opening remarks. Over to you, Kiran. 
 
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw:  
Thank you, Saurabh, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to present an overview of the Biocon Group's 
performance for the second quarter of FY '26. I'm pleased to inform you that we have had a strong quarter led by 
good performance in biosimilars. Both biosimilars and generics delivered double-digit Y-on-Y growth, while the 
CRDMO business reported performance in line with plan. 
Now before we get into segmental and financial details, let me share the key highlights for this quarter. 
• 
We have strengthened our balance sheet by settling structured debt obligations with Goldman Sachs and 
Kotak from the QIP proceeds and by executing an agreement with Edelweiss.  

 
• 
We have already started to see margin improvement in Q2 following the Goldman Sachs exit, and we 
expect this trend to continue through quarters 3 and 4 as we see the impact of both Kotak and Edelweiss 
exits. The full benefit, however, of this debt reduction will be visible from FY '27 with annual savings of 
around INR300 crores in interest costs. 
• 
In Q4 FY '25, we had guided to launch five biosimilar products over the next 12 to 18 months, and I'm 
pleased to report that we have delivered on this commitment with successful launches of b Ustekinumab, 
bAspart, bBevacizumab and bAflibercept across geographies, and we expect an imminent launch of 
bDenosumab.  
• 
We achieved a key milestone with U.S. FDA approval of bDenosumab and entered into a license 
agreement with Amgen, enabling commercialization of the product in the U.S.  
• 
We have entered into a pioneering partnership with the government of California through Civica Inc., a 
not-for-profit organization, to initiate the supply of affordable insulin glargine under the CalRx initiative. 
This strategic partnership enables us to reach underserved populations through new channels. And while 
we started with California, we will and we do hope to enter other similar agreements with other state 
governments as well.  
The group recorded notable improvements in its ESG scores, reaffirming our commitment to responsible and 
sustainable growth. Biocon scored 71 in the 2025 S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment, reflecting 
an improvement of 3 points over last year. The CSA score is as of 31st October 2025. Syngene saw its EcoVadis 
2025 score rising to 74, up from 66 last year. This places the company in the 91st percentile, ranking it among the 
top companies worldwide for sustainability practices. Biocon Biologics won the prestigious Golden Peacock 
Award for Excellence in Corporate Governance for the year 2025, conferred by the Institute of Directors in London 
recently. 
Financial Highlights  
We built upon the strong performance in Q1.  
In Q2, the group delivered 20% year-on-year growth in operating revenue led by a continued strong performance 
in biosimilars, revenue growth in generics and a steady performance in the CRDMO segment.  
• 
Operating revenue stood at INR 4,296 crores, up 20% year-on-year. Biosimilars saw a 25% year-on-
year growth, Generics a 24% year-on-year growth and the CRDMO business, a modest 2% year-on-year 
growth.  
• 
Core EBITDA was INR 1,218 crores, which is up 23% year-on-year, with a margin of 28%.  
• 
R&D investment was INR 251 crores or 7% of revenues, excluding Syngene. And this reflects continued 
pipeline investments across both biosimilars and generics.  
• 
EBITDA grew 29% year-on-year to INR 928 crores with a margin of 21%.  

 
• 
Profit before tax, excluding exceptionals, rose 153% year-on-year to INR 183 crores. Net of tax and 
minority interest reported net profit stood at INR 85 crores.  
I would now like to discuss our business performance in a segmental manner. 
Biosimilars Q2FY26 Update 
Let me start with our strongest performing segment, which is Biosimilars. Q2 FY '26 marks our seventh quarter as 
a fully integrated global biosimilars organization. And we are now well into what we describe as the ‘Accelerate’ 
phase of our journey with multiple product approvals and launches over the last several months, an adaptive 
commercial engine across geographies and strong product pipelines will drive sustainable and profitable growth. 
The business consistently delivered healthy sequential growth backed by increased market shares across regions 
and of course, new launches.  
Now coming to key highlights.  
North America:  
• 
Yesintek, our bUstekinumab, gained strong commercial traction with a market-leading position in the U.S., 
securing broad coverage across major channels, supported by ongoing contract wins and exclusive 
formulary placements.  
• 
Our Oncology franchise continued to deliver strong performance with Ogivri®, (bTrastuzumab) and 
Fulphila® (bPegfilgrastim), holding over one-fourth of their respective market shares. We further 
strengthened our oncology portfolio with the launch of bBevacizumab. 
• 
Our multiyear arrangement with the government of California to supply affordable insulin glargine under 
the CalRx initiative is the first of its kind in the U.S. And we anticipate this model to scale to other states.  
• 
We also broadened our insulin portfolio with the successful launch of the first and only interchangeable 
biosimilar Aspart with the large integrated delivery network, further strengthening our position in providing 
affordable high-quality insulins to patients in the U.S. In Canada, our Yesafili, or bAflibercept, secured 
public funding on the drug benefit formulary for Ontario, the country's most populous province. Now since 
launching in Canada, Yesafili has had strong market adoption and has been designated in a preferred 
position in 3 provinces. 
Europe: 
• 
Our portfolio maintained stable market shares across products with upticks in Ogivri and Abevmy market 
shares, strengthening our leadership in Oncology biosimilars on the back of successful tender wins, 
including the Spanish national tender and in other key European countries.  
• 
We continue to advance our Immunology franchise, launching biosimilars Ustekinumab across 7 markets 
in Q2, marking a strong start to commercialization and setting the stage for accelerated growth with 
additional launches planned in the second half.  

 
 
Emerging Markets:  
• 
Our Emerging Market business delivered strong performance. We continue to deepen our presence and 
expand patient reach, achieving 9 new approvals and 8 product launches across key markets in AFMET, 
LATAM and APAC. 
Segmental Financial Highlights (Biosimilars) 
Biosimilar revenues for Q2 FY '26 stood at INR 2,721 crores, representing a 25% year-on-year increase. This 
growth in revenue translated into an EBITDA at INR669 crores, representing growth of over 40%.  
Business sustained EBITDA margin expansion for the second consecutive quarter, with Q2 FY '26 margins at 
25%, up approximately 400 basis points, representing improvement in operating leverage as we continue to 
realize the benefits of economies of scale.  
R&D investments for the quarter stood at 7% of revenues, reaffirming our ongoing commitment to innovation 
and pipeline advancement. And for the second consecutive quarter, profit before tax exceeded INR100 crores. 
Generics Q2FY26 Update 
The generics business delivered strong revenue performance during the quarter growing both year-on-year as well 
as sequentially. The performance in Q2 was supported by recent product launches in generic formulations both in 
the U.S. and EU as well as growth in the base business across both generic formulations and APIs.  
As part of our growth strategy, Biocon commenced with global filings of Semaglutide or gOzempic across markets, 
including in Canada and Brazil.  
On the operations front, a key highlight of this quarter was the inauguration of Biocon's oral solid dosage 
manufacturing facility in Cranbury, New Jersey, which significantly expanded capacity to support our vertically 
integrated portfolio for patients in the U.S. The facility underwent the U.S. FDA GMP inspection during the quarter 
and the inspection concluded with one minor observation, response to which has already been submitted to the 
agency. 
Segment Financials (Generics) 
• 
Revenues registered INR 774 crores, a 24% year-on-year increase and 11% sequential revenue growth.  
• 
R&D investments stood at INR 71 crores or 9% of segment revenues with continued progress across 
our GLP-1 and injectables portfolio.  
• 
EBITDA stood at INR 43 crores, an improvement over last year and the previous quarter, driven by higher 
revenues. 
 

 
CRDMO Q2FY26 Update 
Syngene's performance in Q2 was in line with plan.  
• 
Revenue of INR 911 crores, up 2% YOY,  
• 
Reported EBITDA at INR 215 crores with a 23% margin.  
Performance in the quarter is reflective of the underlying revenue growth driven by research services, which has 
compensated for the impact of anticipated inventory correction in biologics manufacturing. The performance in the 
first half has been in line with expectations, and Syngene is maintaining its annual guidance for FY '26.  
Strategically, Syngene continues to strengthen capabilities and expand its global footprint.  
• 
Syngene secured its first global Phase III clinical trial from a U.S.-based biotech company. The trial will 
recruit patients across clinical sites, both in India and the U.S., reflecting Syngene's growing capabilities 
in the global clinical trials market.  
• 
It also expanded its clinical trials footprint to Australia, New Zealand, U.K., Sri Lanka and Eastern Europe, 
strengthening global trial execution capabilities through strategic partnerships as well as established 
CROs in these regions. 
• 
Syngene is set to expand its biologic facility in Bengaluru by adding a GMP bioconjugation suite, enabling 
seamless end-to-end manufacturing of Antibody drug conjugates, or ADCs. This integrated setup will 
accelerate development timelines by housing both monoclonal Antibody production and GMP-grade 
bioconjugation at a single location while also enhancing Syngene's existing capabilities in payload and 
linker manufacturing. 
So, to wrap up, I would like to emphasize the strong and sustained momentum across our biologics business.  
• 
With a structured debt settlement through QIP proceeds, our balance sheet is stronger, and we expect a 
continued improvement in profitability in the quarters ahead.  
• 
Our expanding biosimilar portfolio is differentiated, focused on high-value, high-growth therapy areas of 
diabetes, oncology and immunology.  
• 
Our integrated go-to-market engine enables expanded patient access and affordability through varied 
channels, reaching over 120 countries worldwide.  
• 
In addition, we have delivered 5 consecutive quarters of revenue growth, underscoring the resilience and 
scalability of our business. 
For the Generics business, we expect performance in the second half of the fiscal to strengthen further on the back 
of new product launches and continued focus on expanding the reach of key products across global markets.  
Our CRDMO business, Syngene, which has diversified service offerings and integrated presence across the value 
chain is well positioned to capitalize on emerging opportunities and drive medium- to long-term growth.  

 
With a solid foundation and a clear strategic road map, all our businesses are well poised to build on their 
momentum to deliver sustainable long-term value for all stakeholders.  
And with this, I now open it up for questions. Thank you! 
 
Q&A Session 
\
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from Tushar Manudhane. 
 
 
 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Good morning. Myself Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal. So, firstly, 
on the Insulin Aspart now that we have launched the product. So, if you 
could just sort of help us understand the kind of traction that can be 
expected from this product, given that we are the only interchangeable 
player in this space. That's my first question? 
 
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw: 
 Over to you, Shreehas and Matt. 
 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yes. Thanks Tushar, for the question. And you're absolutely right. We are the 
first interchangeable bAspart that the FDA has approved. It is indeed a very 
proud moment for us. We are seeing a very strong traction for our insulin 
products, not just in the U.S. but globally. We will and we have already 
launched Aspart in a very responsible manner, first with an integrated player in 
the U.S., where we can responsibly supply that. We will continue to see a full 
year '26 demand that comes in. As you know that we will be working with these 
commercial payers through '25. And then as we get into '26, you will see the 
traction grow. But I do want to point out to you that we are seeing also an 
increasing demand for insulin Glargine, which continues to gain market share 
in several parts of the world. But Matt, if you want to add anything to that, 
please go ahead. 
 
Matthew Erick: 
No, Shreehas. Thank you very much. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So effectively, let's say, second half FY '26, still to sort of do the 
procedural aspect and then to look at the commercial traction. Is that the 
way to think about it? 
 
Shreehas Tambe: 
So, as I've said, Tushar, before as well, for the subsequent calendar year, you 
need to work between July and September or August and October in that time 
frame to gain commercial payer formulary status. We are the only biosimilar 
Insulin approved in the U.S. So clearly, there's a massive opportunity for us. 
And you will then get a full calendar '26 opportunity, which as you transition out 

 
the existing product, you will start gaining market share. When I said 
responsible, these are chronic therapies, and you want to make sure that you 
bring on patients and then you hold on to them for a very, very long period of 
time. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Understood, sir. That's helpful. Secondly, just on the R&D spend for the 
biosimilars business, we've seen scale up in terms of sort of as a 
percentage of biosimilars revenue, if you want to sort of guide for, let's 
say, full year '26, '27 in terms of the R&D spend on the biosimilar side, 
either on an absolute basis or as a percentage of revenue? 
 
Shreehas Tambe: 
We've said, Tushar, that we would be in that 7% to 9% of revenues for R&D, 
and we continue to be in that range even now and on a full year basis, you will 
see us in that 7% to 9% range. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it. And just lastly, if I may, on the gross margins on the Generics 
business, what kind of gross margin we are tracking. And similarly, what 
kind of R&D spend one should sort of build for the generics business? 
 
Siddharth Mittal: 
So, the R&D spend again, last quarter was at 9% of Generics revenue. And I 
expect it to be in a similar trajectory of 8% to 10% of revenues. And as far as 
the gross margins are concerned, we are looking at mid-40s. Of course, this 
fluctuates depending on what kind of product launches come up and what kind 
of pricing we get. We are, of course, expecting improvement in gross margin 
in the coming quarters. But at least in H1, we have seen mid-40s margin. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it, sir. I have few more I will join back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Harith Ahamed. Kindly introduce yourself 
and proceed with your question sir. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Hi, this is Harith from Spark Avendus. So, my first question is on the 
recent revised or updated guidance document from the FDA on the 
lowering requirements around comparative efficacy trials. And do we 
expect this to be a positive for us in terms of the R&D spends that we do 
on developing each biosimilar product? 
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw: 
So, to answer your question, it is certainly a positive for us, but I will ask 
Shreehas to further expand on this. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Thanks, Kiran. Harith, thanks for that question. If you refer to the previous 
conversations we've had on this topic, we clearly have said this is a very 
progressive move by the FDA. We appreciate these progressive steps that the 
agency has taken. We also see this as an opportunity for established players 
like Biocon, who've got an excellent track record of bringing products to market. 

 
Having the Phase III or the CES trial, as they say, taken off, that doesn't 
necessarily lower the barriers to entry, which is the common perception, it 
certainly lowers the cost to development, and it certainly shortens the time to 
bring products to market, both beneficial for patients. So that's why it's an 
exceptional move. But it increases the focus and the burden on CMC 
development and facility GMP clearance for biologics. And on both these 
counts, companies which have been doing this for a very long period will 
essentially see more products getting to market sooner than in the past. 
Harith Ahamed: 
And would you expect some of the newer players to accelerate their 
development and hence, more competitive intensity in the space? 
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw: 
I think as Shreehas mentioned, Harith, whilst people will obviously try to invest 
in biosimilars much more exuberantly than they have done in the past because 
of cost of development, established players like Biocon Biologics will have a 
clear advantage of bringing more products to the market. So, we expect our 
pipeline development to be more expanded and extended and faster to the 
market. So, we don't necessarily see this as a competitive threat, but we see 
this as a great opportunity of expanding our portfolio. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Got it. My second question is on the generics business. I see a fairly 
decent loss reduction versus the last quarter at the EBITDA level. So, 
trying to understand what exactly drove this group performance? Is it the 
newer launches like liraglutide and Dasatinib or is it the ramp-up that 
we've seen at some of these newer capacities at Vizag, Cranbury, the new 
peptide facility. So, if you can give some color, that will be helpful? 
Siddharth Mittal: 
I think as we had indicated that we had 3 new facilities, which were capitalized 
in FY '25 and the fixed cost of those facilities are in the P&L starting quarter 1, 
and that's what led to the loss and we also said that as these capacities and 
the new launches come up and the profitability improves, the loss, of course, 
or the profits would start looking better. I think we are delivering in line with that 
guidance. And, of course, the facilities getting capitalized is one thing. We also 
must lock in customers, especially for our APIs from these facilities, which 
would take some time, but the main uptick in the margin is because of the GLP-
1 Liraglutide launch in the European market. And we, of course, have other 
products as well, which contributed to the revenue growth and the profit growth.  
Dasatinib was launched in quarter 4 of last fiscal FY '25. So, it continues to do 
well for us. We had an important launch in quarter 2, which was 
Sacubitril/Valsartan as well, which led to the growth in quarter 2 and the margin. 
And we would continue to see margin improvement and revenue growth 
traction in the second half of this fiscal. 

 
Harith Ahamed: 
Got it. And last one, with your permission, on the interest costs. It's just 
broad in the consolidated P&L, it's broadly in line with what we saw in 
1Q. And you had commented that there would be a reduction in line with 
the repayment of the Goldman Sachs debt. So, when can we see a 
reduction in this line item? Should we look at some kind of a quarter-on-
quarter lower number in Q3? 
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw: 
Yes. I think I mentioned in my comments, if you heard, that we've already 
started reflecting the Goldman Sachs impact on our margins. And I think Q3 
will reflect the Kotak and then Q4 should reflect the Edelweiss. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Thanks, Kiran. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Sidharth Negandhi. Please 
introduce yourself and proceed with your question, sir.  
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Hi, this is Sidharth Negandhi from CWC. Firstly, congratulations on a very 
strong set of numbers and an improved balance sheet. I had two 
questions. First, there have been certain formularies that have excluded 
Aspart as a class. And in certain cases where NovoLog is at a superior 
tier to Kirsty. How do we look at sales for Kirsty and for Aspart in that 
case going forward? That was question number one. 
Question number two was given the upcoming patent cliffs and 
specifically on Keytruda, which is really the largest one. There is no 
record of any clinical trials ongoing for Biocon. So, is that going on 
through a partnership? How should we think of your participation in 
biosimilar Keytruda? That was question number two 
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw: 
Shreehas, over to you. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Let me answer the second question, and then maybe, Matt, you can comment 
on the bAspart question on the formulary status. So Sidharth, the question that 
you had was on the record on clinicaltrials.gov. I think it's very timely that the 
conversation that we've been having with the agency has resulted in the 
agency coming back and saying that the CES trial is no longer a mandatory 
requirement. In fact, it's not required for products to be approved. There are a 
couple of companies or more who've committed to this trial, and they have 
publicly stated that they are stepping back from those trials as well. Have we 
moved along that path, we would have probably incurred cost and exposed 
patients to that. 
So, I think we've been forward-looking on this. We've taken the lead, as always, 
on the scientific conversations that we've had with the agency on saying that 
we have enough CMC data, enough characterization analytical data to 
demonstrate that our product should be approved without clinical study Phase 

 
III. And what you've seen now, and we just talked about it, that the agency has 
taken a very progressive step. So clearly, it validates our views, and I do not 
think we are at a disadvantage. In fact, we believe we are in a position of 
strength at this point in time on these products, but over to you, Matt, for the 
first question. 
Matthew Erick: 
Thank you, Shreehas. Thanks for the question. Look, as it relates to Aspart, as 
Kiran started in the opening comments, it's interchangeable. And as you 
realize, this is an extension of our diabetes franchise with the insulin glargine 
also being interchangeable. In the U.S., as it relates to formulary or 
opportunities, customers are continuing to be very bullish on Aspart from 
Biocon and we're working through those. But we don't see any limitations 
because of the channels. There's still a lot of opportunity for Kirsty, our Insulin 
Aspart. And we know those channels very well. And as Shreehas said, as we 
continue to be that responsible player and ramp up as formularies come, we'll 
be very aggressively pursuing those, and customers are anxiously awaiting 
and as we continue to roll out our Insulin Aspart. So, I don't see this as a 
concern as we look to move forward with our franchise. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Sure. Matt, just wanted to understand given that it is the top 2 formularies, 
Optum Rx, premium formulary and the Express Scripts, which have, in 
one case, excluded Aspart as a class itself, does that, in any way, inhibit 
or limit the TAM for Aspart? 
Matthew Erick: 
I would say no because certainly, we would love to have 100% market share 
in biosimilars. But as you look across the U.S., there remains a significant 
amount of payors and a significant amount of opportunity within the GPOs or 
integrated delivery networks to be able to grow our business and achieve very 
similar aspects into the current market share that we see with insulin glargine 
and continue to grow that franchise.  
And as Kiran said, we have a unique relationship with Civica on Insulin 
Glargine. So, this is adding to our opportunities within our franchise as we go 
forward and looking to expand other programs either nationally or even state 
by state. So, I see this as a tremendous opportunity and are not concerned 
with some of these initial formulary decisions. It doesn't mean they're 
permanent. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
I do want to add one point, though, Sidharth, to what Matt was saying. 
Important to note is that when the FDA talked about our Aspart approval, it said 
that it was the first interchangeable biosimilar rapid-acting analog. They did not 
approve it just as interchangeable to Aspart. So, there's a broader fungible 
market is what we believe. So, it's a bigger piece of the pie. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
That’s useful. Thank you, Shreehas. 

 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Love Sharma. Please accept the prompt 
and introduce yourself and proceed with your question. 
Love Sharma: 
I just wanted to just reconfirm what would be the current outstanding 
structured debt on the books as of September quarter? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Love, so the only instrument, which is outstanding as on 30th September is the 
Edelweiss instrument. Goldman Sachs exit happened on 30th June, and the 
Kotak exit happened on 1st of October. And we have agreed with Edelweiss to 
exit on or before 31st January. 
Love Sharma: 
Okay. Great. And in terms of the CP issuances, could you highlight how 
much has been the amount been issued so far? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes. So, the CP issue was for about INR 6 billion. That also has been repaid. 
Love Sharma: 
Understand. Okay. Very good. Thank you so much. That’s all from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Surya Patra. Please introduce yourself 
and proceed with your question. 
Surya Patra: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for the great set of 
numbers. My first question is about the generic business. So obviously, 
we have seen a strong ramp up there. But now is it possible to share, sir, 
what is the split between the formulation and API business right now? 
And, if you can talk a bit more about the margin profile, which has been 
relatively low currently given the kind of historical margin profile trend 
what we have been having, even though we have been having that on the 
API business at the time? 
Siddharth Mittal: 
Yes. Surya, so I think we have indicated that the margins are impacted because 
of the new facilities. And of course, formulation business margins are slightly 
lower compared to the API business. But we are, of course, working on all the 
other cost improvement programs on the API also to further improve the 
margins. I mean there is a class of products such as Statins, which is 
challenging scenario. And we do continue to face a lot of pricing pressure there 
unlike Immunosuppressants, which continues to be high-margin business, and 
of course, Peptide continues to drive growth for us, which is primarily on the 
formulation side. 
To answer your question in terms of the split, if you look at today, almost 60% 
of the business continues to come from API and 40% is coming from 
formulation. And then over the last couple of quarters, formulations are what's 
driving the growth and will continue to drive the growth as we move forward in 
the second half of this fiscal and also in the next fiscal. 

 
Surya Patra: 
Got you. Extended point on the GLP capability and all that. We know that 
Biocon is one of the very limited players having the end-to-end 
manufacturing capability, starting from the drug substance to device to 
fill finish and all that. So since now this Semaglutide filing, the Liraglutide 
opportunity fill finish, all those are kind of in the visible range. So, could 
you share some idea that, okay, what is the device capacity that we would 
be having, what is the fill finish capacity that we would be having or in a 
different term, like what device capacity or what vial capacity that we are 
working with right now? 
Siddharth Mittal: 
See, let me add that capacity will not be a constraint on the formulation side or 
the device side. We have multiple facilities, we have shared infrastructure, 
shared facilities with Biocon and Biocon Biologics. We have just commissioned 
our new injectable facility, which is, again, dedicated or focused on GLP-1s. 
We have external manufacturing network, CMOs and whatever is the demand 
which we anticipate over the next couple of years, we are very confident that 
we will not have capacity constraints, whether it's coming from API, whether 
it's coming from formulations or device assembly. And I think we are very well 
placed on all these fronts to capture the opportunity over the next couple of 
years. And, as you know, Ozempic opportunity is near term in the emerging 
markets, and the opportunity in the U.S. and Europe in various other markets 
start in '31. And I think the investments that we have made over the last couple 
of years puts us in a very comfortable position to capture the opportunity for 
next decade plus period, Surya. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Your commentary about Yesintek progress and Aspart potential, 
really, it looks positive and strong. So, sir, is it possible to share that, 
okay, what is the kind of market share now we would have achieved on 
the Yesintek side? And on the Aspart side, although your commentary is 
fairly positive, but I'm just trying to understand, given the kind of past 
penetration potential scope, given interchangeability and all that, is it fair 
to believe that we'll start with the kind of market share, what we are 
having for Semglee? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Surya, first, thanks for that question. And let me start first with Yesintek. I think 
let me get two, three points clear, just so that we can move on how this is. The 
first piece is that as a community, there was a concern that whether Stelara 
would move in the similar direction as an Humira and it's encouraging to see 
that, that's not happened. You are seeing far more formularies listing 
biosimilars. Particularly, we've had tremendous success with Yesintek with 
over 70% of the commercial formularies listing the product. And that is very 
encouraging. So, it behaves very differently than what we had seen in the past, 
a couple of years ago. So that is one encouraging sign. The second piece is 
given that there are private label players and both do not report exact market 
share, it's hard to talk about what market shares would look like. But the 

 
formulary coverage and the fact that we see uptick of the product indicates that 
Yesintek has an early lead on the biosimilar players.  And it's taken a large 
portion of the biosimilar market, the market share, and you are seeing the brand 
starting to recede from formulary coverage. So, both these points, I would say, 
are very encouraging.  We will also note that it takes a while for biosimilars to 
start showing in the market share projections. And the third and the last 
comment I will make is that and again, I'll take you back in time on what I've 
said about this is that market shares and ASPs are inversely proportional. And 
as a strategy, we've always looked at how do you value, maximize an 
opportunity, particularly in the chronic therapy area.  
We know we are in for the long, we have a massive opportunity. We are a fully 
integrated player. For Yesintek, we are fully integrated as we are for Aspart. 
So, we are not in a rush. We will do this in a responsible manner. And there is 
no reason for us to think that we should get any different market shares than 
the success that we've had with Insulin Glargine for Insulin Aspart as well. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. One more point, sir, with your permission. About Denosumab and 
Bevacizumab, what is restricting us from commercializing the product? 
And in fact, we have been talking about the commercialization of the 
Bevacizumab by this time. So, any update on that? And how do you see 
the Denosumab since that is also kind of pharmacy benefit product. What 
competitive scenarios that you were anticipating there? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yes. It's good that, Surya, you brought us to this product. This product is a little 
special. There are two brands that Denosumab is commercialized. One, like 
you rightly said, is in the pharmacy benefit space. And there's another brand 
which is in the medical benefit space. Both compete for a different share of the 
market, and there are different archetypes in how those are commercialized. 
One of them will follow the route that we just talked about where pricing will 
play a big role. And the other, which is in the medical benefit place, will follow 
a route similar to our oncology franchise, where pricing alone is not important. 
You will have to gain traction with the IDNs or the buyers so that you can value 
maximize it. They are linked commercially from a source of what WAC prices 
you come up with and how do you chase market share. There are 5 players in 
the market today and five more in the pipeline. So, there are going to be people 
chasing this. If we pursue just market share, there is going to be a risk of losing 
value very quickly. We understand this market very well, Surya.  
You have seen us do this with other products. And we will do this in a very 
measured manner. Matt and Josh who leads North America for us are familiar 
with this. And as I said before, we are in this for the long, so we will look to do 
this over a period of time, and we believe we will be very successful at. 
Surya Patra: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. Wish you all the best. 

 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Abdulkader Puranwala. Please accept 
the prompt, introduce yourself and proceed with your question. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. This is Abdul Puranwala from ICICI 
Securities. So just a couple of questions as a follow-up on the draft 
guidance. So, sir, what is your reading in terms of the market share 
improvement to what biosimilars can see post these norms on the 
interchangeable status kind of fading away or the study is no longer 
required. And a second one on that front, when we talk about rise in 
market share being inversely proportionate with the selling price, going 
ahead, what is the kind of erosion now you see in this particular arena as 
the competition intensity kind of picks up? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yes. Abdul, thanks for your questions. Let me respond to your first question, 
which is we are just saying that how do you see the guideline impacting market 
share. I think the two biggest things that the guideline that the FDA has put out 
intends to achieve, one, is it intends to reduce the cost of development which 
it will do immediately, which is a positive sign. And two is, it will bring the time 
down for development which will bring these products to patients sooner. So, 
it will cut down that development time significantly. So biosimilars getting to 
patients faster and the cost of these products for development being lower are 
the two primary benefits of this, both from a developer standpoint, a 
manufacturer standpoint, and actually a bigger benefit to the patients. 
Now how each of the products will gain market share is a capability of your 
commercial platform. But it certainly will benefit patients because of these two 
elements. Now coming to the other aspect where you talked about the inverse 
proportional relationship of market share and ASP, which I have been pointing 
out. The erosion in price is usually always an artifact of competition. And we 
have seen it everywhere. We welcomed it. We have been very successful at it. 
You need to be a fully integrated player to be able to leverage all aspects of 
that value chain. And we develop our products. We manufacture them. We 
have commercial capability, so we can be competitive in this space. We have 
not seen erosion, which is outside of that expectation that we had, had. So, it 
has been a gradual curve, and we continue to see when it stays competitive. It 
is not a cliff that we would have seen in some of the other parts of the business, 
not in biosimilars. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Got it. And just one final one, if I may. So, with this net debt reduction 
now, are we kind of laying out a road map for where we see the overall 
debt levels or net debt levels in the next couple of years? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
So, we had always indicated, Abdul, that we have been committed to reducing 
debt at an overall level. And what you saw us do during the course of the last 
few quarters is we have retired all the structured debt. We have been able to 

 
retire Goldman Sachs. We have been able to do that with Kotak. And more 
recently, we are talking about Edelweiss as well. So, you will see the structured 
debt go off, and that will have a positive impact on the numbers starting in the 
coming quarter, and you'll see it improve as we get towards the end of the year. 
So, you heard Kiran talk about the benefit that will accrue to the P&L as we 
move. We are also looking at seeing how we can work through a low interest 
piece. So, the interest costs overall, I see coming down in the coming quarters. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Imtiaz Shefuddin. Please accept the 
prompt, introduce yourself and proceed with your question.  
Imtiaz Shefuddin: 
Thank you. Great. I just have one question, and it's with regards to your 
debt. Would you be able to give us a breakdown of your gross debt? How 
much is at a parent level? How much is at a BBL level? And the second 
one is on the short-term debt maturities. You have reported as of 
September close to INR 69 billion. If you could just highlight what are 
some of your major short-term debt maturities and how do you plan to 
fund them? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Imtiaz, some of these questions, maybe we can take it off-line, and we'll give 
you all the details with respect to the debt in the subsidiary and debt at the 
parent level. But like what we have been saying all throughout, most of the net 
debt payable to bondholders and the banks is in the Biosimilars subsidiary. 
That is about USD 1.1 billion as of September. The short-term maturities are 
really revolving credit. So those are not like payable. But the full details, why 
do not we take it offline. 
Imtiaz Shefuddin: 
Great. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nitin Agarwal. Please accept the prompt 
on your screen, introduce yourself and proceed with your question. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
This is Nitin from DAM Capital. Shreehas, two questions. One is on 
biosimilars, can you give us a color on how does the revenues for the 
half year split across various geographies, U.S., Europe, and emerging 
markets? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes, Nitin, that ratio is roughly the same that we have been indicating, 40% in 
North America, 35% in Europe and 25% for Emerging Markets. That is the 
rough split. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay. And secondly on -- we've had a lot of discussion around the 
biosimilars in the U.S. But just if you can spend some time on giving us 
how you're seeing the progress on EU and emerging markets as far as 

 
the portfolio is concerned? What kind of post the integration and where 
do you see these 2 things -- these two sort of geographies headed from 
a portfolio perspective? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Nitin, thank you for that question. I appreciate it because we usually talk about 
the U.S. Europe has been a focused area for us. It is a big opportunity that 
we've talked about even in the past. In the initial phases, we have talked about 
moving this business into select markets in the European region, and you are 
starting to see that happen. You are starting to see the market shares grow in 
our oncology product.  
It is significant progress over the recent quarters. And that is a part of it is 
because of our focus in that region. We've also believed that in Emerging 
Markets, while we have a very strong network of partners and we'll continue to 
build on it, there is a certain challenge when it comes to the tendering process, 
which brings in some predictability and concerns around how that business 
operates.  
So, we are focused on two things in the Emerging Markets where we are 
looking to be self-led in more countries than we have been in the past. And two 
is we are looking to bring in more balance of retail business in addition to our 
tender business, which brings in more predictability than we had in the past. 
So, I believe both these regions, the European region as well as the Emerging 
Markets, have a tremendous opportunity for us as we continue to bring more 
products to patients in these regions. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And Shreehas, do you see this mix changing, the mix that Kedar alluded 
to currently as we go forward, with the launches in U.S. sort of set to 
scale up next year, do you see the mix changing meaningfully or you 
largely see both businesses growing as well as the U.S. does. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
First up, we have a very balanced mix, if you see what you just said, it is about 
40% or thereabouts in the U.S., 35% in Europe, and 25% in the rest of the 
world. And that is a very healthy distribution. There is no exposure in any one 
particular market. We expect all regions to grow. You may see a differential 
growth across, but we expect the balance to be in a similar range that we are 
seeing at this point in time. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And lastly, on insulins, the broader conversation around Insulins with 
some of the innovators looking to deprioritize insulins a little bit. I mean, 
if you want to just probably just put in perspective the global opportunity 
that is there for players like us to step in? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yes. You point out to a very, very important point. Biocon is very, very 
strategically placed in this particular opportunity. If you look back and see who 
the GLP-1 players are today, they are the insulin companies. Insulin companies 

 
have brought in the Semaglutide. It is the insulin companies who brought the 
Tirzepatides to the market. The only other player outside of that which is a 
biosimilar insulin player and is in a position to bring in GLP-1s is Biocon. So, it 
does places us in a very unique position. There are several companies 
developing the peptide portfolios, but it requires a significant understanding of 
how the insulin space will evolve. We do see a growing opportunity in the 
insulin space. We have not seen any other biosimilar insulin really in the U.S. 
at this point in time or in Europe. So, the opportunity is tremendous. During the 
call earlier today, we have heard questions on Aspart. We see that there is 
really no biosimilar player other than us at this point. And it is really up to us to 
take this market share in a very responsible manner so that we can provide 
options to patients for a very, very long time. 
So the color I would provide on this is that not only is the insulin opportunity 
limitless, but there's the opportunity of having the peptide portfolio which 
requires a tremendous amount of education and working with patients to 
understand each of the device that they will get, which will be different than the 
originator device is an experience that is invaluable because of our insulin 
commercialization capability and we see a huge success on that background. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thank you so much. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Paliwal for closing comments. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you, everyone for joining us today. If you have any further questions, 
please feel free to reach out to us. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Biocon Limited, that 
concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may exit the 
meeting now. Thank you. 
 
 
-Ends- 
 
 
Note: The contents of this transcript have been edited to improve accuracy and readability 
  
 
