 
11th November 2025. 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400051. 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001. 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub.: Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
In continuation to our earlier communications in the subject matter, enclosed please find the copy of 
the Transcript, which is also available on the website of the Company (www.suzlon.com). 
 
This is for your information as also for the information of your members and the public at large. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suzlon Energy Limited 
 
 
Geetanjali S.Vaidya, 
Company Secretary. 
 
 
Encl.: As above. 
Geetanjali 
Santosh Vaidya
Digitally signed by 
Geetanjali Santosh Vaidya 
Date: 2025.11.11 19:56:54 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Suzlon Energy Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. J. P. CHALASANI – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – SUZLON ENERGY LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
& 
 
SENIOR MEMBERS OF THE FINANCE TEAM 
 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Suzlon Energy Limited Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. During this call, the company management may make certain 
statements that reflect their outlook for the future, which could be construed as forward-looking 
statements. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are associated 
with uncertainties and risks as detailed in the annual report. 
 
Actual results may differ, so these statements should be reviewed in conjunction with the risks 
the company faces. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and if 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
We will begin with the opening remarks followed by a Q&A session. To be fair to others, we 
kindly request each participant to ask no more than two or three questions. From the 
management, we have with us Mr. J.P. Chalasani, Group CEO; and senior members of the 
finance team. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. J.P. Chalasani, sir. Thank you, and over to 
you. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Suzlon's Quarter 2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. In quarter 2 FY '26, India's power sector marked two historic 
milestones. We have reached a cumulative installed power capacity of over 500 gigawatts. More 
importantly, the non-fossil fuel capacity of this is 50%, so therefore, clearly signaling the 
renewable transition, which is underway. 
 
Talking about the industry, the recent reduction in GST from 12% to 5% on wind turbines is a 
major boost for the sector. It is expected to substantially lower capital expenditure and 
effectively reduce the levelized cost of energy. 
 
This move is expected to accelerate the capacity additions across the wind energy landscape, 
make renewable power more affordable to end consumers, expedite pace of energy transition. 
Additionally, MNRE's release of standard operating procedures, SOP, for inclusion in the 
ALMM wind reinforces its commitment to quality and domestic manufacturing, a key step 
towards meeting India's growing energy demand sustainably. 
 
On the commissioning front, industry commissioned over 3 gigawatts in the first half of FY '26, 
double the installations in the corresponding period in FY '25, indicating a notable acceleration 
in execution. We firmly believe total wind installations to reach approximately 6 gigawatts by 
the end of FY '26 and 8 gigawatts in FY '27. 
 
Coming to business highlights. We are pleased to report yet another record-breaking quarter, as 
Suzlon has set a new benchmark in execution by delivering a record-breaking 565 megawatts in 
quarter 2 FY '26, the highest ever quarter 2 in India we delivered in over 30-year history. 
 
Our order book has exceeded 6 gigawatts, reaffirming our market leadership with more than 2-
gigawatt order win in the first half of FY '26. Taking you through our S144 order book has 
exceeded 5.6 gigawatts, a strong endorsement of its advanced technology and customer trust. It 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
also got certified as the lowest carbon footprint and full compliance with MNRE's latest 
regulations. 
 
On the manufacturing front, our capacity of 4.5 gigawatts is fully operational and ramped up to 
meet the order book. Suzlon commissioned 270 megawatts in the first half of this financial year 
with a robust execution pipeline of 1,865 megawatts at various stages. Site readiness is 
progressing across 29 locations in seven states, laying the groundwork for accelerated 
installations ahead. We have specifically included this as part of our investor presentation at 
Slide number 23, and we will further discuss this during our Q&A. 
 
Update on land development, unlocking long-term execution potential. We have been saying for 
the last few quarters that our concentration or our strategy is now towards the land development 
in advance so that the execution delays can be curtailed in significant way. 
 
With that in view, currently, we have identified 23-plus gigawatts of renewable potential sites 
laying a strong foundation for sustained growth. Out of this 7-plus gigawatts of land 
development is underway, ensuring rapid deployment readiness. 
 
Seed capital allocated strategically invested without materially impacting working capital. 
Execution velocity is set to accelerate, enabling faster value realization. This would also enable 
us to increase our EPC share in the coming years from the current 20-80 ratio. Our OMS business 
continues to perform strongly with over 15 gigawatts under management in India and machine 
availability consistently above 95%. 
 
Renom's assets under management set to expand further, driven by steady customer fleet 
acquisitions and the ongoing pipeline. Our forging and foundry business started showing our 
efforts in unlocking potential with 53% year-on-year growth in first half of this year. Revenues 
with 243% jump in EBITDA to reach INR52 crores, and we expect to continue this trend in FY 
'26. 
 
On leadership strengthening, we have appointed Mr. Rahul Jain as our Chief Financial Officer 
effective 15th December 2025. His vast experience and deep expertise will help us evaluate new 
areas of high growth while strengthening financial health and corporate governance even further. 
We welcome Rahul to the Suzlon leadership team. 
 
Taking you through the financial performance in quarter 2 FY '26, Suzlon continued its 
exponential growth trajectory, delivering 565 megawatts, 121% growth on a year-on-year basis 
with all financial parameters showing a strong uptrend.  
Suzlon reported consolidated revenue of INR3,866 crores in quarter 2 FY '26 with EBITDA 
reaching INR721 crores, a robust 145% increase year-on-year. The EBITDA margin improved 
by 460 basis points to 18.6%, up from 14.1% in the same quarter last year. 
 
We achieved a profit before tax of INR562 crores, registering 179% year-on-year growth over 
quarter 2 FY '25 with PAT outperforming at INR1,279 crores. In quarter 2 FY '26, the company 
has recognized an incremental net deferred tax asset of INR718 crores based on reasonable 
certainty of future profits. This brings the total DTA, that is Deferred Tax Asset, cumulated 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
DTA, as on September '25 to INR1,229 crores, which provides a tax shield on future profits to 
the tune of INR5,000 crores. 
 
The additional carry forward losses remain available with the company and are likely to result 
into further recognition of DTA in future, subject to meeting the required recognition criteria. 
DTA recognition/charge is a noncash item. However, DTA provides tax shield for future profit 
and the company does not need to pay taxes to the extent of DTA. 
 
We are pleased to report on our balance sheet as of September '25 reflects the position of 
exceptional strength with a strong consolidated net worth of INR7,860 crores. Our net cash 
position is at INR1,480 crores, further enhancing our financial flexibility and resilience. 
Adequate banking limits tied-up up to INR7,000 crores for execution of the current order book. 
 
We remain committed to achieving our FY '26 guidance of 60% year-on-year growth across all 
key performance parameters. I would also like to reiterate that our end-to-end wind energy 
models supported by a fully integrated supply chain, proven execution capabilities and best-in-
class service delivers a competitive advantage, competitive edge that is both distinctive and 
difficult to replicate. 
 
With this, now we can open for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is on the Slide number 22 
and Slide number 23 of the presentation. So there is the 1,865 megawatt, which you mentioned 
in the Slide number 23. Is it over and above the 838-megawatt or 1,009-megawatt mentioned in 
the Slide number 22. Is it fair to expect that this is 1,865-megawatt will get installed and start 
contributing to the revenues for H2 FY '26 and FY '27. Is that the right understanding? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Let me -- Mohit, thanks for your encouraging words in the beginning. Let me explain from Slide 
23, which will be clear to you. As we reported, we had done 270 megawatts of commissioning 
as in the first 2 quarters, okay? However, there is a significant -- this slide shows a significant 
pipeline available for commissioning in the next 2 quarters. 
 
What it shows is that as on 1st of October 2025, we have 1,865 megawatts of execution pipeline, 
out of which 568 megawatts is already erection-completed. Even if we take just -- let's consider 
568 megawatts of erection done, which is beyond the 270 megawatts what is commissioned till 
30th of September. 
 
In this 568 megawatts, as we speak today, 80 megawatt is already commissioned, taking the 
cumulative capacity to 350 megawatts this year. And another 160 megawatts is ready for 
commissioning. We have done everything what is required, waiting for the client's evacuation 
methodology, evacuation readiness. So that takes to 240, 80 COD done and 160 megawatts is 
ready for commissioning from our end, which obviously will get commissioned in this quarter. 
 
And in addition to that, about 327 megawatts, that's the balance of 568 megawatts, erection is 
completed, in the process of commissioning activities. That means what we are saying is that 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
even as on today, you see a clear visibility. While the more and more erections will happen in 
the balance period of the quarter, we see a clear visibility of 568 megawatts at different stages 
would get commissioned in this quarter. So therefore, while the capacity addition has been lower 
in the H1, we see a clear visibility in the H2. 
 
And we are reasonably confident that taking 6 gigawatts as the country's capacity addition this 
year, we would definitely touch 25% of market share. So that is 1,500 megawatt is reasonably 
confident while the first half is only 270. But looking at the visibility what we have, so this slide 
is trying to say is that we have done foundation, we have done everything to give that comfort 
that this year is going to be different for us compared to the year. 
 
In fact, if you look at as on 30th of October, we crossed the entire last year's capacity addition 
what we had done. Last year -- whole of last year, we did 326. On 31st of October, we are at 
350. So this gives the confidence that we will achieve the market share of 25% this year, 
definitely. Is it clear, Mohit? 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes, sir, it is clear. My second question is the inquiry pipeline. How is the inquiry pipeline 
looking like for the new orders? The concerns of new order inflow increased materially 
compared to last year on account of low bidding activity and the recent news around cancellation 
of a LOA of worth of 42 gigawatts. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
See, this quarter, again, we continue the trend of closing order book higher than the opening 
order book in spite of the fact that our deliveries during the quarters are going up. If you see this 
quarter itself, we added more than 1.4 gigawatts. That's why even if we have done 565, we 
moved to 6.2 gigawatts of order book. There is a significant pipeline, which is under various 
discussions today. 
 
On the bidding, we understand now it's going to pick up. And even when we had the confidence, 
it was told that now they want to actually move towards more and more of FDRE. But in our 
case, you know that even currently, 65% of our 6.2 gigawatts is the non-bidding route and 35% 
is bidding route. In fact, it's gone up the bidding route because of 836 megawatts what we 
received from Tata Power. 
 
I've been saying this earlier in the call, and I would continue to reiterate that I don't think order 
book would be an issue for us for the next at least couple of years. I don't think that's an issue. 
So we would continue to add. I'm making a statement based on the clear pipeline of discussions 
what we are having with various clients at this stage as we speak. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. 
Sumit Kishore: 
A very strong set of numbers. The first question is in relation to the 40 gigawatt of LOAs, which 
are likely to get cancelled for solar and the projects where PPAs were not signed. I mean, how 
does that impact the wind sector capacity addition? And are there any slow-moving orders in 
your backlog? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
First thing I want to say is, that our 6.2 gigawatts of confirmed orders what we have, closing 
order book what we have, nothing from that 42 gigawatts the PPA we're talking about is there 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
in the 6.2; therefore, there is going to be no impact in the order book. Even in the current, what 
I mentioned sometime back to Mohit is, even in that, we don't have any of this nature. 
 
Wherever it’s deemed unfeasible, we can either cancel those projects — not necessarily all 42 
GW — but proceed with signing whatever is viable. Therefore, I don’t believe the entire 42 GW 
will be cancelled  
 
In fact, today, I saw the clarification coming from the Ministry through PIB is that is not the 
intention. First of all, no impact on us. And second thing is, in fact, it is mainly for a lot of solar 
-- pure solar bids where the DISCOMs are not willing to sign pure solar PPAs at this stage. Sum 
and substance is that I don't think it will have a serious impact on Suzlon. 
 
And as we speak already, there's about 11 gigawatts of bids under progress, in fact, to date, either 
bids submitted and the reverse auction not done or the bids announced and the bids are to be 
submitted. I think the adequate pipeline is what they would provide. It will be more of an RTC. 
And we will continue to be order-booking for us in that two third of our segment, which is the 
C&I and public sector. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sure. Sir, second question is that your competitors, a couple of them are launching a 5-megawatt 
variant. One is launching a 4-megawatt variant for onshore. So what is the pipeline on how 
Suzlon is going to graduate from 3.x and over what time frame? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
First of all, that today, our 3.15 megawatt is a very successful product, what we have. We have 
already supplied about 2.3 gigawatts and then more than 5 gigawatts of the current order book 
is 3.15. In fact, 90% of our current order book is 3.15. And there is a significant interest in 3.15 
because people look at cost per kilowatt hour than what is the capacity of the model. 
 
Having said that, our next set of models would keep coming regularly, and you will start seeing 
us announcing the next model shortly. And we will be there at that level. I don't want to mention 
the time line, but the progress is underway. Some models are under prototype and some are 
currently under the procurement phase. 
 
In my view that we will not see that as an issue for us to face the competition. I'm not trying to 
dodge the question here, but I don't see that as a major issue. We are pretty confident that when 
the 3.15 interest exhausts, much before that, we will have our next turbine -- higher model 
turbine. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sure. Just one last question. On the previous conference call, you had mentioned that by the end 
of the fiscal, you will try to get your Indian export contract. Is there any traction in that direction? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
No, I mentioned that next year is what we would get. The early next year is what will get the 
order and then supplies would start in FY '28. We still stand by that. Right now, the various 
markets we are studying now and the teams are being hired. We would move in that direction in 
line with what we gave the guidance. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Next fiscal. Okay, FY '27? 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Yes, 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Mahesh Patil from ICICI Securities. 
Mahesh Patil: 
Congrats on the great set of results. Sir, my first question is on the pipeline. So, what is the near-
term pipeline that we foresee? And if you can also bifurcate it in PSU, non-PSU segments? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
No, the current capacity, what we -- current order book, what we have 6.2, as I said sometime 
back, the 65% is -- in fact, if you want further breakup 61% is C&I, 14% is PSU and about 35% 
is bidding at this stage. What is now -- for us, what is more important now moving ahead is more 
than which segment is contributing while C&I continues to contribute, we are working 
consciously towards moving to the EPC, increasing the share of EPC contracts. I think that's our 
concentration now. The current 20:80 is what we have, 20 is EPC, 80 is non-EPC. 
 
Our target is to move to 50:50 by FY '28. That is where we are working significantly on the -- 
developing the new site. This is what I mentioned in my opening comments. We've been talking 
earlier, so we gave some details this time. As we speak today, we have identified sites for about 
23 gigawatts, which have significant wind potential sitting in our turbines. 
 
And out of this 23 gigawatts for about 7.5 gigawatts, we started the land acquisition where we 
don't -- we have not signed the EPC contracts, nothing to do with the existing 6.2. And in fact, 
in this 7.5 gigawatts, we already acquired land footprint along with the pathways for about 1,150 
megawatts. 
 
Some of these things we signed the land contracts, not the EPC contracts. Some of them we are 
going ahead on our own with the seed capital. So, I think that is what is going to be our significant 
concentration going to be. One is to bring back the EPC. 
 
What it does is that it gives us a competitive advantage because nobody else offers the EPC with 
the land. And second is that it gives us the control on execution. We will improve our execution, 
our COD capacity. 
 
Third is that it will also allow us to pull the turbines in the manufacturing. So therefore, more 
and more turbines can be supplied. I think that's going to be our future strategy while we continue 
to concentrate in the C&I market. I think much more significant is the mix of EPC and non-EPC. 
Mahesh Patil: 
And my second question is on the O&M segment. So if you look at the EBIT for this quarter 
compared to Q2 FY '25, it's lower INR1.5 billion versus INR2 billion. So could you help us 
understand why the dip in the share in O&M segment? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
You're talking about O&M margin? 
Mahesh Patil: 
Yes, sir. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Yes. See, there is -- on the contribution margin level, there is no difference between last year to 
this year. On the -- you're talking about EBITDA margin, where it is a one-off sort of an impact 
for this quarter. But if you look at it even on first half of this year, we're still at 37%. Our guidance 
still remains that we will be anywhere between this and 40%. This is a one-off being conservative 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
this quarter or some cost being provided for. Otherwise, there is no red flag in terms of margin 
guidance in O&M. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Satpal Singh Khanuja from Ishaan Ventures. 
Satpal Singh Khanuja: 
A lot of my questions have already been answered by you in the other questions, which have 
been asked by other participants. I just need to ask one small thing. Sir, when can -- if you would 
-- can you give us a time line when, for the lack of a name, if I call it the wind farms, when can 
we see the first windmill getting installed in our own wind farms? The land development 
business that we have been getting into? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
No, even today, we are doing it. All the EPC contracts, this 20% of EPC contract, what we're 
doing today is our own wind farms. Means like we acquire the land and provide doing these 
projects. What I said in the previous question is that we want to significantly increase that to 
50% share. 
 
And that is where we said that we identified about 23 gigawatts equivalent of site in different 
states and about 7.5 gigawatts, we already started the land acquisition and 1,150 megawatts, we 
already acquired the land as well. Therefore, this all will get converted into EPC contracts 
moving forward. And in fact, you will start seeing us announcing more and more EPC contracts 
starting from maybe the quarter 4 of this year. 
Satpal Singh Khanuja: 
Wow, that is great news, sir. Sir, we -- like we have mentioned in many places that our order 
book, like our installed capacity is at about 4, 4.5 gigawatts, and you have in the past stated that 
you are targeting a 90% achievement of that capacity. Now to attain 4 gigawatts of, say, 
deliveries a year, what is the kind of order book number that we need to attain? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Even today, we have the order book to that extent. So... 
Satpal Singh Khanuja: 
We have a delivery time of, say, 18 to 24 months. So ideally to do, say, 4 gigawatts a year, the 
order book number should reach somewhere around 8 to 10 gigawatts. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Not necessarily. I think as long as you have 1.5x of your manufacturing capacity, we will be 
able to do that. But I think the issue is not that. It is not the order book, okay, which is actually 
restricting how much capacity we are manufacturing. The issue is that how much the projects 
are able to offtake the turbines. 
 
As we have been talking earlier, even today, we are in the push mode from the manufacturing, 
which means we want to push the turbines to the projects. We want to move that to full mode, 
where people put pressure on us for turbines. We want more turbines. That stage has not yet 
come. 
 
One of the reasons why, again, linked to that EPC also is that, that would enable us to have a 
control on more supplies to happen because project execution happens faster, more turbines can 
be supplied. The manufacturing capacity is not an issue. I think in the country, if the capacity 
addition keeps going up. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
So obviously, that 4 gigawatts can be reached at some point of time. We do expect that the 
capacity addition in the country is going to go up because the -- if you see that in H1, we doubled 
compared to the last year from somewhere around 1,476 megawatts, I think, we reached to 3,086 
megawatts in the first half of this year. 
 
And we are pretty confident that we'll reach 6 gigawatts. And then in fact, we revised our 
estimate for FY '27. Earlier, we were talking about 7 gigawatts. Now we're saying that definitely 
we will hit 8 gigawatts in FY '27. And then can reach about 9, 9.5 gigawatts in FY '28. That's 
our current estimate based on what we are working on with our own EPC sites and what the 
market is talking about. 
Satpal Singh Khanuja: 
Sir, we did 1,550 megawatts of delivery last year. We are expecting a 60% increase and that 
should reach to somewhere around 2,500 megawatts this year. Now first half, we have already 
done about 1,000 megawatts, 1 gigawatt. And we have in past, been doing, say, first half, if we 
do 30%, we do 60%, 70% in the second half. Can I expect better than 2,500 megawatt 
performance this year? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
See, your expectations, obviously, I can't stop. You have a right to expect. Our guidance would 
remain that we said that 60%, and we reaffirm that 60% growth in our parameters. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Kartik Sharma from Anand Rathi. 
Sweta Jain: 
This is Sweta Jain here. First of all, congratulations on a very good set of numbers. My question 
is with respect to the overall sector that we're looking at, phenomenal growth in terms of the 
order book. 
 
But when you look at more of hybrid projects and FDRE projects coming into the picture, 
particularly hybrid, how do we see BESS as a competitor, particularly when -- I mean, there is 
a line in the investor presentation that says, with wind integration, 2 charging cycles of BESS 
can be achieved to further optimize the landed LCOEs. Could you a bit explain on this, please, 
as well? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Yes. Sweta, there are a number of experts on the call today who have different opinions about 
solar plus BESS versus this. And I know that there is so much talk about solar plus BESS is 
enough, we don't need wind. But we have been saying and we continue to say that it is not one 
versus other. 
 
If we need to achieve the lowest cost of energy, which is mandatory for us. And then we also 
need to achieve a capacity addition in a manner that we meet the load profile of the country, then 
only you can replace the fossil fuel; for that, what is required is FDRE. We have done our own 
analysis, a very detailed analysis. 
 
If you want to create a project of, let's say, 300 megawatts where you need 80% of PLF on a 
year with a minimum 75% on every month basis and 90% availability in the peak period, if you 
do that, if you do the BESS and the solar only, which is what many people are talking, that tariff 
is expected to be somewhere around 6.5, okay? And the same thing if you do solar plus wind 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
plus BESS, which is what is the required one, the tariff cost to somewhere around 4.7, 4.65, 
okay? 
 
So therefore, on the cost of energy basis, you can never ever have a lower tariff with solar plus 
BESS meeting round-the-clock power. This is just a myth. With all my experience, I can say 
that this is being spoken by the people who do not understand the sector. 
 
You will never hear this from utility players, whether it is like people like Tata Power or Torrent 
Power or NTPC anyone. It is from different people. Otherwise, the -- no way we can achieve 
our target with solar plus BESS. It has to be all three. Clearly, that is the only way we will 
actually get the lowest tariff. 
Sweta Jain: 
And this -- can we fast forward to over the next 5 years also, assuming the costs go down for all 
the three verticals, this still -- this equation will still remain true? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
See, Sweta, first of all, let's talk about battery, okay? Today, it's a single source. Can we afford 
to have a supply concentration of a single country, which can dictate what will happen in our 
country. That's a major, major concern. And the price of batteries is not in our hands, okay? 
 
Even recently, we just withdrew some of the benefits what it is and the cost is going up, both for 
solar as well as BESS. So therefore, as a country, we can't afford to have that. And like we had 
done in the solar, we will continue to do on the batteries. Ultimately we move towards the 
domestic, okay? 
 
So therefore, what would happen to the cost is that the moment we reach the economy of size, 
the cost will keep coming down. So definitely, costs will come down for all 3. Even today, that's 
in the last quarter with the GST change from 12% to 5%. Obviously, even the wind itself is 
impacted about INR0.15 to INR0.17 on the tariff. So tariffs would keep coming down. But I 
don't think it's a good idea for the country to have a concentration on this. 
 
And more importantly, the country which has the most capacity of battery has announced that 
in the next 5 years, that is 2026 to 2030, they will add 120 gigawatts of wind every year, every 
single year. And the last 5 years, they were adding -- their target was 50 gigawatts per year. 
 
They revised that target to 120 gigawatts per year, a country which has the maximum capacity 
of BESS. So therefore, there, people understand that you can never do with solar plus battery. 
So this is completely a myth that solar plus BESS alone can meet our demand. It can never meet. 
Sweta Jain: 
Got it. Very good perspective, sir. Coming to the company financials, sir, on SE Forge 
particularly, can you break the first half growth into how much was driven by Suzlon and the 
others? Like can you break that number up? And also the levers for margin expansion? We've 
seen a very good margin expansion from the first half of last year. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Yes. Let me pull out the number right now. I don't have it readily, but I think we... 
Sweta Jain: 
It's Slide 25 on the presentation. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
J.P. Chalasani: 
So it is now almost like a 50-50 between Suzlon and the non-Suzlon as we speak now. We expect 
that this would come down. It will become like one third and two third between Suzlon and non-
Suzlon. Suzlon will be one third and two third will be non-Suzlon in FY '27. That's our 
expectation, right? Suzlon numbers are growing and Suzlon offtake from the SE Forge will 
increase, but their offtake or their supplies to the non-Suzlon customers will significantly 
increase because they are now also getting into the non-wind and first of all, the exports are 
increasing in the wind sector itself. 
 
And the second thing is they're getting into the non-wind sector, plus the forging unit is coming 
up with the different products. So that's why while the numbers of SE Forge today don't move 
the needle so much for Suzlon as a whole. But if you look at their growth story itself, so that is 
a great story is that in spite of the fact that our forging unit was almost shut for 2 months in this 
quarter because of the restriction in a particular skill component, which has got cleared now. 
 
In spite of the fact that our numbers from H1 to H1 show it both in EBITDA as well as revenue 
has significantly gone up, okay? And that trend is what is encouraging to us, and that will 
continue. And then I think guidance-wise, two third – one third, two third is what Suzlon and 
non-Suzlon is what we can say from FY '27 onwards. 
Sweta Jain: 
Got it. And sir, on margins, like we've seen a sharp jump from 8.6% to 19.5%... 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Yes. This is mainly the various initiatives what they've taken in terms of cost control and then 
increasing the -- earlier we were depending upon outsourcing of the machining. Now we have 
installed our own machines for machining. Machining is completely being done internally. So 
recycling of scrap has increased. The procurement costs have come down. The number of the 
cost-out initiatives, what they've taken is what is helping us to increase our margins. 
Sweta Jain: 
So, these margins would be sustainable in the future? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Shiva from Purnartha Investment Advisers. 
Shiva: 
First of all, congratulations for a great set of numbers. My question first is with respect to you 
saying that in 2, 3 years, EPC will move to 50-50 ratio. So I wanted to understand how will the 
contribution margin of WTG play out in the next 2, 3 years because it is at a very high stage, I 
mean it is at 26%. So how will that move going ahead? And what will be the capital -- initial 
capital required to get this land? What will be our capital requirement for this? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Let me answer your second point first. We provided a seed capital of about INR150 crores that 
will keep getting recycled. What happens is by the time we acquire -- let's say that a 300-
megawatt wind farm is what in some place, we started acquisition of the land, by the time we 
reach 25% of the land acquired, we would normally try to find a partner as a co-developer where 
EPC is not signed, but the land contract is signed with the condition that the EPC would be with 
us. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
And then they will reimburse for the entire 25% what we acquired. And then future, the balance 
100%, they will compensate. So all this recycling happens. So therefore, INR150 crores to 
INR160 crores is what the seed capital required. Even today that I said some time back, we 
already acquired about 1,150 megawatts of land. So that is what is the range in which. And then 
we also started now getting the money back from through the land contract. 
 
On the margins, FY '28 is a bit far away when we reach this 50-50. And a lot of things will 
happen. And it could be on the positive side on the margins. So let's wait for them. Obviously, 
that -- the old record if you see, whenever we did EPC, we used to do about almost 80%, 85% 
EPC in about FY '17 or FY '18. And at that point of time, our margins on EPC were much higher 
than equipment supply. So that -- that our margin is always better in the EPC than in equipment 
supply. 
Shiva: 
Okay. Understood. Helpful. And the second is with respect to cash flow from operations. If you 
could just help me understand what will be the payment schedule for 100 megawatt, if it is a 
INR600-odd crores. At what stages do we get the payments? I mean I understand the revenue 
accruing, but when do we get the final payments at different stages? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Let me address this. And also, I know that why you're asking this question, so before I'll address 
that concern as well because the receivables going up. And normally, for most of our contracts, 
we get 5% to 10% advance. Then the 40% to 45% is what we get on dispatch and another 40% 
to 45% is what we get on receipt and 5% on commissioning. 
 
This is our standard payment terms given take here and there some variation. But then the -- on 
the public sector projects and which is what we have done a significant supply in the last few 
quarters. In fact, in the Q1 and Q2, our supplies to the -- the specific public sector contracts have 
been more than 50%. 
 
Even in this 565 megawatts what we supplied in quarter 2, close to 300 megawatts has gone 
through the single PSU. There, it's a bid terms and we know that what are the payment terms in 
advance. But there in addition to giving 10% on advance, the first payment comes only after the 
materials are received at site. 
 
Then that also is only 70%. In other contracts, we receive like almost like 90%, 95% on the time 
of materials received at site. Here, we get 70%. And then the balance 20% gets spread till 
commissioning and testing and various things. 
 
We take that -- plus also in the public sector, the time taken from the time it becomes material 
reaches to their whole process of completing and taking it, if normally other contracts, it takes, 
let's say, about 20, 25 days, 3 weeks' time we get our payment once it is due. But here it can take 
even up to 45 days. 
 
So -- but then we knew this, so we had a compared line of credit for these projects and significant 
supplies having been made to particular PSU contract, you are seeing a surge in the receivables, 
but that is not a red flag in my opinion. As that tapers down, it will -- we'll get back into the 
control. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
We know that's why it happened, and we know the reason, and we also know it will get 
controlled. So it's purely because of the payment terms. And that we knew in advance. And then 
we have adequately loaded the working capital interest in our bids and everything, and 
everything is covered in our pricing. 
Shiva: 
Understood. So third is with respect to booking. The finance cost was directed that the net 
finance cost will be in the range of INR200-odd crores. So is that -- because it has hit INR150-
odd crores. So what will be the net finance cost for this year? And the second part is the DTA, 
you've added INR700-odd crores. What is the entire potential? And -- or how much have we 
used as of now till now? Or what is left over is the second part. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
The way -- obviously, you all know I'm not a CFO, but the way I understood the DTA, I will 
explain to you. And if I make some mistake, my colleagues here will cover it. The -- as long as 
you have carryforward losses, which are known to us, you filed in your income tax returns. 
 
And the moment there is a certainty towards the profit is going to happen and then you become 
mandatory under the accounting standards to provide for DTA. Here, the auditors took a 
conservative view of looking at the profitability of the company over the next 3-year period. 
 
And then -- and we have a much more carryforward losses to the extent of about INR11,000 
crores. But because they have only taken for the next forward 3 years, they are now converted 
to that. First of all, we've done in the quarter 4 of last year. In the 6 months, obviously, additional 
6 months extension happens, they cover the balance portion. 
 
So now as we speak on 1st of October, we have about INR1,229 crores of the tax credit, tax 
asset, we call it, as a deferred tax asset, which means that up to -- even if we don't add any further 
DTA, but we expect that to get added further as the time proceeds, they will see more and more 
visibility of profits with the -- even current INR1,229 crores means effectively for the next 
INR5,000 crores of profit as and when we reach till that time we have a tax saved. 
 
So we will not -- there's no tax outgo in terms of the cash. And -- but then we expect that as the 
time passes, some more DTA would get added. Anand, you want to add anything? My colleague, 
Anand, will also further add. 
Anand Bagrecha: 
To answer your question specifically, carry forward losses as per annual report of FY '25 were 
about INR14,000 crores and DTA recognized so far is on about INR6,000 crores. So there is a 
sizable balance left on which potentially going forward based upon DTA recognition condition 
getting met, there is a potential for further... 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Further addition of DTA. 
Shiva: 
So just to understand, the max potential is INR8,000 crores, 25%. That will be INR2,000 crores 
more addition, the max that we can add? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Further. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Shiva: 
Further, the max potential, although what can be planned out is different, but the max, the 
potential. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Yes. But today, that is in addition to the INR5,000 crores profit shield -- tax shield we have for 
the INR5,000 crores of profit. Today, it will be additional. 
Shiva: 
Understood. And with respect to the net finance cost, how do you -- what was... 
J.P. Chalasani: 
I think our guidance has been that we -- I think we will have about INR70 crores per quarter as 
a net financing cost. So the -- maybe we will touch about INR250 crores. This quarter, you saw 
slightly higher because we had -- we also started issuing surety bonds. And for some time, we 
had a parallel of surety bonds as well as letter of comfort from REC. 
 
So that's why we had some additional costs and it has gone to INR80 crores. So I think our 
guidance would be we will see around INR250 crores of net financing cost in the year. Also, 
let's understand that volumes are increasing, when the volumes increase... 
J.P. Chalasani: 
And then we are also seeing that the -- which supply -- which contract you are supplying. So if 
the contract has explained to you, if you do it to PSU, that working capital increases, so cost 
would keep changing from quarter-to-quarter. But these are all known. They are not unknown 
things, which are coming up as a surprise to us. 
Shiva: 
Okay. If I may squeeze in one last question. You've directed that the margins for OMS divisions 
have come down. It is a one-off thing. But if you could just give a direction, is the revenue per 
megawatt for the new S144 similar to the older ones? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
No, no, no. 
Shiva: 
For OMS. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
OMS. The previous question was specific to OMS. I didn't talk about all business divisions. In 
fact, all business divisions, there is no reduction. If you look at our WTG division, we still have 
a 26.9% contribution margin and even EBITDA margin is good. And even in the OMS, our 
contribution margin still is at 66%, right? There is no reduction. In fact, wherever there is 
possible, there is only improvement. 
 
Our margins will only change based on the revenue share between the WTG versus OMS versus 
others. In fact, quarter 2 to quarter -- quarter 1 to quarter 2, we moved. Our WTG revenue share 
has gone up from 82% to 84%. When the WTG increases, that margin being at lower than the 
OMS margin, the margins will change. 
 
While the individual business margins will increase, continue to increase, that's what happened 
even this year or this quarter for WTG. But because the mix of revenue changes, at the group 
level, the margins can change.  
Shiva: 
But the OMS division margins are slightly lower, right? EBITDA margin is 34.5% for India 
OMS in Q2. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Yes, that is what which I explained to you last time or the previous question that this is sort of a 
one-off. If you look at H1, we are still at 37%. This quarter is 35%, but H1 is still 37%. So 
therefore, our guidance continues that we will be between around -- hovering around 39% to 
40% as the range. This is a one-off for this quarter alone, why I said there are no red flags there, 
and it will be normal moving ahead. 
Shiva: 
Understood. So the revenue per megawatt for OMS is in the same range for S144 compared to 
S144 to the earlier models? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
For OMS, means like our turbines, different -- per megawatt, it will be different. because you're 
maintaining a turbine. So therefore, if it is a 100-megawatt wind farm, there you're maintaining 
50 turbines and here, you will be maintaining 33 turbines. So therefore, the turbine cost -- per 
turbine, the OMS price could be higher. But per megawatt cost will be low, but also your cost 
per megawatt price will be low, but your cost also is low. You reduced your -- number of turbines 
you're maintaining are low. 
 
Instead of maintaining 50 turbines, you will only maintain 33 turbines in 100-megawatt form. 
All your cost, your space cost, your manpower cost, everything will be low. So therefore, it won't 
impact the margins that way. 
Shiva: 
The growth will be slightly lower compared to the older? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
No, no, growth also will not be lower. Growth everything will remain the same. See, you need 
to look at the price per turbine rather than the price per megawatt in OMS because your 
maintenance cost comes per turbine, but your maintenance cost doesn't come per megawatt, 
okay? 
 
So therefore, as long as you are maintaining your price levels, cost levels for the turbine, your 
margins won't come down. So therefore, let's not get confused with 3 megawatts -- tomorrow if 
you go to 5-megawatt turbine, obviously, price per megawatt will come down. 
 
But then you're maintaining only 20 turbines per 100-megawatt farms. Your cost also will be 
low. So therefore, in OMS, you should look at cost per turbine, price per turbine. And from that 
angle, the higher the capacity is not going to have any impact on your margins. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Abhishek Nigam from Motilal Oswal. 
Abhishek Nigam: 
So MNRE recently came out with a detailed SOP for local manufacturing of wind turbines. I 
think where they basically give details regarding what qualifies, what is not qualified. And so I 
just wanted to know after that, is there a little more clarity on -- is it -- in terms of localization, 
is it more easy, tough? How are the competitors responding? And any clarity you can give on 
that? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Yes. See, clarity was there right from the beginning. SOP specifically defines that clarity in a 
proper way that how do you actually put it, what happens step 1, step 2. We are absolutely clear 
that the companies have to get listed there. And before getting listed, there will be inspection, 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
physical inspection, and you've got to meet that inspection requirements, you need to meet the 
ISO requirements. 
 
There is a process by which you can list the companies. Only you can buy from that. Not only 
SOP, they have now also come up with what is called the REEIMS, that is the Renewable Energy 
Equipment Import Monitoring System, okay? They're even going to the extent of -- if you want 
to import any component, you got to get registered there. Then only you'll be allowed to import, 
Otherwise, you will not be allowed to import. That has become effective from 1st of November. 
 
And they are also moving further of the next portal what they're developing is that not just the 
import, they want to monitor till which turbine, which project it got -- that particular component 
got consumed, okay? Where it has been used. So therefore, there's going to be a complete control 
on where from you buying and which project you're buying and what are you doing it. 
 
And in fact, they are also saying that -- they also said in the SOP that you can -- even if you 
come with a new model, we will not view -- in fact, the new model in the same platform, unless 
that the power -- incremental power is more than 10%, we don't recognize as a new model. 
 
Because some people can try slightly saying the new model so that they get that advantage of up 
to 800 megawatt you can import, okay. So they even clarified that we will not allow even that 
unless the rotor diameter goes up by 2% and the power goes up by more than 10%, it won't be 
considered as a new model. 
 
So it will consider the old model only, and you don't get that benefit of 800 megawatts or 
whatever it is can be imported. So I think this only shows that they are very, very extremely keen 
that the domestic manufacturing has to increase and which we said earlier, and we meet that 
requirement fully and we encourage that and this provides level playing field. Now the cost 
advantage what people had on cheaper imports would go away. 
Abhishek Nigam: 
Okay. And is there also subsequent steps, which are expecting? Like if I see on the solar side, 
we are seeing -- it started with ALMM, then ALCM. Now they've already announced ALWM. 
People expect ALBM, which is on the battery side. So I mean, subsequent to this, do you see, I 
mean, more announcements in the coming years? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
See, wind because we know about wind, we have done right in the beginning because we have 
the manufacturing capacity for all the companies. In solar, we didn't have it, so they're going 
step by step. What they're going -- what probably we can expect is now their next step is they 
will go subcomponent level. 
 
So if you're talking about a gearbox, they're going to look at it as, are you assembling a gearbox 
here? Then saying it's domestically manufactured. What restrictions should be put on a 
subcomponent level because the castings are available in India, then they might say that you 
need to buy only from India. So the step 2 is what they will do is the component level, 
subcomponent level restrictions. 
 
Otherwise, see -- because wind -- all components are manufactured in India, so therefore, 
advanced from there, unlike in solar. Solar, initially, they started the modules, then they went 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
into the cell and now they're getting into different things. But here, only next step will be 
subcomponent level. 
Abhishek Nigam: 
Fair enough. And sir, just last question. So what I'm seeing on the solar side is that companies 
are now sort of going into these adjacencies. So companies are looking to get into transformer 
manufacturing, inverters, batteries. I know this question is probably a little too early. But if that 
subcomponent level manufacturing comes in, in wind, I mean, will you be willing to explore 
that? Or is it too early? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Why not? No, we already -- see, at one point of time, even today, we manufacture our turbines. 
We make our panels. At one point in time we were making even generators. So therefore, we 
already did that. Even today, we do our own transformers, we do our own panels. So therefore, 
the -- with the increase in volumes, and then we do have that experience, we do have the 
capabilities. 
 
So therefore, why not get into that. If we -- see, if somebody can do it, someone for whom it's 
easiest for anybody, it is for us because we do have that experience. We do have those -- the 
facilities available already for the purpose of manufacturing, definitely, we look at that. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Amit Mahawar from UBS. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Congrats on great operational performance. Sir, you explained on the EPC rationale in detail 
about those 2, 3 points, why Suzlon is looking at. Now we're also expanding capacity. 
Eventually, we will target export market. Do you think on the risk profile side, the risk will need 
to be significantly looked at because I agree industry is growing very well. This year is going to 
be good and our share is ramping up. 
 
All the policies are very, very favorable. But as we move the EPC route, and I understand 
integrated renewable power is in your mind when you think about EPC. If you can throw some 
light on potential risk that we'll have to keep in mind because -- or rather, why not think about 
only the WTG model where we anyways have forgings, O&M, a very diversified business 
model, why go that EPC route considering the potential risks? I just wanted to get some handle 
on potentially what can go wrong if we go to EPC routes. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
If I understand you right, there could be some confusion in the definition of EPC. EPC even 
today, we do, okay? 20% is EPC. And when we talk about EPC, that is where we acquire the 
land and we do the complete BOP and supply the turbines and commission them and basically, 
do the OMS. Second alternative is that land doesn't belong to us. 
 
And even we may not -- other extreme is that nothing belongs to us. We just supply the turbines 
and supervise the entire work. That's called the equipment supply, okay? The risk on EPC is 
much less and much higher control. In fact, the EPC is a risk mitigation model because we are 
just supplying the equipment there. 
 
Our equipment supply will completely depend upon readiness, whether a project is ready to take 
the turbines or not, if the turbines are on the ground for 2 years, 3 years, what happens with the 
turbines, warranties. It's a huge risk, plus we also can't even predict how much quantity of 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
turbines we can supply because we can't really know when the project is going to happen. That 
is what is the concern today for us. 
 
What we have today problem is that, okay? Most of the places where we supply the turbines, 
they are not able to commission them are in the non-EPC projects, very less in the EPC project. 
So when we move to the EPC, we are mitigating that risk. Anyway, there is no additional risk 
we are taking it. We acquired the land. 
 
And in fact, we're mitigating the risk of land and ROW, which is a major risk where we are not 
doing the EPC. And that is because we are mitigating here by taking the land and ROW issue 
out of it because we're acquiring the land along with the pathways much in advance. 
 
So EPC route is actually a risk mitigation, not the risk creation. That would significantly increase 
our capacity addition speed at which we can add each year, and it would improve our turbine 
supplies and it would improve our margins. Most importantly, that is a significant competitive 
advantage what we have because we are the only player who can actually provide an EPC service 
along with the land. 
 
There is no one else who can actually provide significant -- when it comes to the export, there 
we would take the risk of only supply because that's a new geography, we don't understand that, 
we really don't get into EPC there. We will not take the risk of EPC when we go out of the 
country. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Gourishankar Dalal from Cresta Capital  
Gourishankar Dalal: 
A couple of queries. Sir, first of all, like we have a cash balance of around INR1,800 crores in 
the balance sheet. So how are we trying to use it and put to use and create value for the 
shareholders? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
See, first of all, let's -- right now, today, this is a very small cash what is available. So therefore, 
we're expanding the business. Let's keep that as a reserve money, whatever is required for, in 
between, for various purposes. And then also, we need our capex. We're spending money on the 
capex. We're spending, as I said, that we provided INR150 crores of seed money for 
development. 
 
So as the further we go ahead and more and more we generate the cash, then that's a good 
problem to have it what do we do with the cash? Okay? Whether we wanted to do dividends 
what it is. But let's reach that stage of having a good problem on hand. But right today, I think 
it is really used for our capex and various other purposes. 
Gourishankar Dalal: 
Okay. And sir, my next question is with regard to the revenues and all. So like your revenue 
year-on-year has increased by around 84%. So it is majorly led by the volumes. Like can we 
assume there is some moderation with regard to the prices also year-on-year? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
No, I think our average realization per megawatt remains more or the same in line to the guidance 
what we gave. There is no change in the revenue per megawatt. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Smith Gala from RSPN Ventures. 
Smith Gala: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. I just wanted to understand about how is the 
company looking at for FY '27 given a great '26 is going on? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Let's wait. Let's first update on Q3, Q4 of this year. And then we will look at FY '27. Obviously, 
there will growth. I don't want to put a number to that. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Kumar Divyanshu, who is an individual investor. 
Kumar Divyanshu: 
I have 1 to 2 questions. The first question is regarding the promoter holding that as far as I can 
see that promoter holding is very much low, like it is 11%. So, it is there for the management 
planning or it is there for the company planning to increase the promoter holding? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
I'm not the right person to comment on that because as a professional CEO, this is a question 
regarding the promoters. But to the extent I know that they have no intention of reducing further 
and their commitment is fully clear for the company moving forward. 
 
And whether they will increase or not increase, I think I would be the wrong person to answer 
that question. I think as and when you have an opportunity to meet up with Tanti’s, I think that's 
a question you should address it to them. 
Kumar Divyanshu: 
And the second question is regarding that what is the like maximum time duration for the 
execution of this order? How much period, could you please comment on that? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
No, I think whatever order book we have is that this is to be executed in the next 18 to 24 months. 
Current order book. 
Kumar Divyanshu: 
Okay. And what about the order inflows for the upcoming quarters? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
No. Every project when they're giving us order, they and we together decide what is the 
execution time line depending upon that if it is a big project, what is the PPA time line and when 
is their evacuation facilities coming in. So, it can be as less as 18 months. In some cases, it can 
go up to even 26, 27 months. It varies from contract to contract. 
Kumar Divyanshu: 
Sir, this point I understood. Just I'm asking that is there any upcoming next order inflow for the 
upcoming quarters? Like orders in pipeline or not? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Yes, I explained that order pipeline. I said that there is significant order pipeline, and we will 
continue to announce the new orders. And hopefully, we will continue to maintain the trend of 
closing order book higher than the opening order book in spite of the fact that our supplies during 
the quarter would keep increasing. 
Kumar Divyanshu: 
Okay, sir. And like debtor days and days payable is quite high as far as you can see. So... 
Kumar Divyanshu: 
I'm asking that debtor days and days payable is quite high in the ratio as far as I can see. So is 
there any -- please comment on that? Is there any planning that how you will decrease that 
particular number? 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
J.P. Chalasani: 
We explained some time back, it's basically happening because of public sector contract and that 
proportion being higher. I think we went through this question in detail in the previous question 
-- answer to that. 
Moderator: 
We'll be able to take one last question. We take the last question from Hardik Sharda from 
Mavira Asset Management. 
Hardik Sharda: 
I just want to understand what is the situation around rare earth metals? And how does it affect 
Suzlon, given the geopolitical situation? That will be my question. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
No. See, as far as the steel is concerned, generally, we get protected in the contract. Steel price 
up and down, except for the cement plant. And the rest of the metals we keep watching and then 
where we need to procure. Rare earth, we don't use much. 
 
So therefore, I don't think we have any impact of rare earth on our turbines. So therefore, we are 
completely insulated from the so-called geopolitical issues of rare earth to be supplied and not 
supplied. It will not impact us. 
Moderator: 
We'll take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management team for any closing comments. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Thank you very much for joining and making it very interactive. And any further details you 
need, my colleagues from IR team are available for you to provide and please reach out to them 
or any amount of details you need to clarify yourself, we will provide. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Suzlon Energy Limited, that concludes the conference. 
Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
