ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LTD. 
R
Registered Office: 
Office Nos. 1101 to 1107, 11th Floor, Icon Rio, 
Behind Icon Business Centre, Dumas Road, 
 Surat-395007, Gujarat, India. 
 Tel.      
 :   +91-261-2398991-95 
  Fax      
 :   +91-261-2398996 
E-mail 
 :   office@anupamrasayan.com 
Website    :  www.anupamrasayan.com
CIN  - L24231GJ2003PLC042988    
 ARILSLDSTX20251219072 
 Date: December 19, 2025 
To,       
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001, India 
SCRIP CODE: 543275
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai-400051, India 
SYMBOL: ANURAS
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Subject: Submission of transcript of ‘Investor Call on US Acquisition Update’, of Anupam 
Rasayan India Limited (the “Company”) held on December 15, 2025. 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of Investor Call on US Acquisition Update, held by the 
Company on Monday, December 15, 2025, at 04:30 p.m. IST. 
This information is also being hosted on the Company’s website at www.anupamrasayan.com. 
We request you to kindly note the same and take into your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
Ashish Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
ASHISH 
GUPTA
Digitally signed 
by ASHISH GUPTA 
Date: 2025.12.19 
13:05:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
Acquisition Update Conference Call” 
December 15, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANAND DESAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ANUPAM 
RASAYAN INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. GOPAL AGRAWAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. RAVISH CHAUDHARY – SENIOR MANAGER – 
ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. VISHAL THAKKAR – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANSHUMAN GUPTA – INVESTEC 
, ,; , 
ANlJPA\I RASAYAN INl>IA LTD. 
·o · 
C 
H 
O 
R 
L 
L " 
,6, 
.\MP.\\IIUS\\.\I\ 11\DIA ITD. 
-$- Investee 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
December 15, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Anupam Rasayan India Limited US 
Acquisition Update Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Anshuman Gupta. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anshuman Gupta: 
Thank you very much, Sagar. Good evening, everyone. I'm Anshuman Gupta from Investec. I 
cover pharma, healthcare and chemicals here. We welcome you all for this update call on the 
US acquisition done by Anupam Rasayan last week. First of all, I would like to congratulate the 
entire team at Anupam for the acquisition of Jayhawk Fine Chemicals, which is truly a strategic 
milestone in their journey and this does strengthen their global specialty footprint. 
 
From the management side, we have with us today Mr. Anand Desai, MD, Mr. Gopal Agrawal, 
the CEO, Mr. Vishal Thakkar, the Deputy CFO, and Mr. Ravish Chaudhary, Senior Manager. 
We hope everybody has received the acquisition presentation released earlier. And with this, I 
would like to hand over the call to Mr. Anand for his opening comments and just spell out the 
strategy rationale and anything further he wants to add. Post that, we will obviously open the 
call for Q&A. 
 
I have some of my own questions, which I will start with once Mr. Anand finishes with the 
opening comments and then we can move on to the questions by the audience. Over to you, sir. 
Anand Desai: 
Thank you, Anshuman bhai. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We 
are pleased to announce a significant strategic milestone for Anupam Rasayan and India Limited. 
On 9 December 2025, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire 100% equity in Jayhawk Fine 
Chemicals, a US-based specialty chemicals company from the CABB Group. Jayhawk was 
founded decades ago and is headquartered in Kansas, USA. 
 
It is a highly specialized manufacturer with strong capabilities in custom manufacturing, high-
quality processing, and complex chemical synthesis, serving long-standing global customers 
across multiple high-value applications. 
 
This acquisition is fully aligned with our long-term strategy of building a global integrated 
specialty and CDMO platform with strong customer relationships, differentiated chemistries, 
and multi-geographic execution capability. First, Jayhawk gives Anupam a direct onshore 
manufacturing presence in the United States, significantly enhancing our creativity and 
engagement with multinational customers who increasingly value geographic diversification and 
supply chain resilience. Second, the acquisition strengthens our platform's depth across the value 
chain. 
 
Over the last few years, our investment in Tanfac has enabled backward integration and secured 
critical fluorination raw materials such as HF and KF. Jayhawk complements this by positioning 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
December 15, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
us closer to the end applications, with manufacturing us critical advanced intermediates and N-
1 molecules for high-performance materials and life-science customers. The acquired portfolio 
adds high-value di-anhydrides and polyimide intermediates, positioning Anupam Rasayan as a 
strong integrated player in this rapidly-growing segment. 
 
This move expands our access to fast-growing innovation-led end markets such as 
semiconductors, automotive, EV, aviation, and electronics. Third, the transaction enhances our 
chemistry, capability, and customer platform. Tanfac's segment chemistry, Jayhawk brings 
additional process capabilities and strong global customer base, allowing us to scale faster and 
deepen customer relationships. 
 
Importantly, we are exceptionally well-positioned to capitalize on emerging geopolitical 
tailwinds, particularly those driven by regulatory changes like the recently approved US 
Biosecure Act. By acquiring a US-based CDMO platform, we now offer global pharma 
companies an essential alternative for leading their supply chains away from restricted 
geographies. 
 
This acquisition establishes a strategically valuable platform for us to expand our presence in 
the US and build a global CDMO network, especially for advanced intermediates and API and 
AI intermediates within the life-science sector. We aspire to leverage Jayhawk's global customer 
base for cross-sell potential and deepen our existing customer relationships. Ultimately, this 
acquisition is about creating a diversified, multi-geography growth engine powered by specialty 
and high-grade chemistries and establishing a US-innovation and CDMO hub. Lastly, this 
acquisition is fully aligned with the philosophy of discipline, capital allocation. 
 
The transaction is funded through a balanced mix of quasi-equity, debt, and interlocutors, 
ensuring balance sheet strength while providing full strategic and operational control. With 
Jayhawk's established revenue base in relatively less cyclical, higher-value segments, we expect 
the acquisition to be EPS-accretive from day one. On a pro-pharma basis, the combined entity 
would have revenues of approximately USD243 million, and an EBITDA of approximately 
USD61 million. With that, I will now hand over to Gopal bhai to walk you through the 
operational strengths and transaction details. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
Thank you, Anand bhai. I will briefly cover Jayhawk's operational strength and how we see 
value creation post-integration. Jayhawk reported approximately USD78 million revenue in 
CY24 with EBITDA margins of around 19%. 
 
About 65% of the revenue comes from performance material with a balance from life and life 
science-related molecules. This mix provides stability and strong growth visibility. The US 
facility is large, multi-solution site, spanning nearly 3 million square meters, comprising two 
manufacturing units and a pilot plant. The presence of pilot-scale infrastructure is critical for 
development, scale-up, and commercialization of new CDMO projects. 
 
From a capability standpoint of view, Jayhawk adds complex chemistry such as Suzuki coupling, 
azochemistry, Grignard reactions, and specialized high-temperature oxidation. These are highly 
complementary to Anupam's existing strength in halogenation, oxidation, and nitration. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
December 15, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
On implementation, the plan revolves around creating a powerful dual-site production model. 
This synergy combines Jayhawk's high-priority technology and advanced operation with 
Anupam's cost-efficient, backward-integrated manufacturing base in India, offers our global 
customers the flexibility of localized US production and a highly integrated supply chain. The 
enterprise value of the acquisition is approximately 134 million, implying an EBITDA multiple 
of around 9x CY '24 earnings.  
Total purchase consideration is approximately 150 million, including cash on Jayhawk's balance 
sheet, which is roughly around 16 million. The funding structure involves Anupam Rasayan 
investing 40 million through a combination of internal accruals and debt, and the balance, which 
is roughly 110 million, is being invested by a leading global investment management firm in the 
form of Class B non-voting shares, which will enable Anupam Rasayan to consolidate Jayhawk 
fully.  
Finally, we recognize that quality and experience of the team is fundamental to any CDMO 
business. We look forward to working with Jayhawk's existing management and team, whose 
technical strength and long-standing customer relationship aligns well with the integration 
model we followed even at Tanfac. 
With this, I will hand it over to Anshuman to take this forward. 
Anshuman Gupta: 
Sure, sir. Thanks for a good brief starting point on the acquisition. And what I will do is that I 
have some set of questions that I need to ask, and then obviously we will open the lines for Q&A 
as well. But anybody, if they have a question, they can actually join the Q&A straight away, 
right?  
So my first question is while you did mention a little bit about the strategy rationale, right, I 
mean, if you have to like put it in four or five points, right, and detail it out what are the key 
strategic rationale for the acquisition? So, I would love to hear that. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
Anshuman, I am happy to take that. I mean, we had covered this in our presentation as well as 
in the initial remark. But if I have to talk about four or five, one of the biggest one is basically it 
helps us strengthen our presence in US.  
This acquisition marks Anupam's entry into onshore manufacturing in the United States, which 
perfectly aligns with our global expansion strategy to be a global player, global CDMO player 
for our customers. Jayhawk has established operations and customer base both, which provides 
Anupam immediate access to the key end market, leading multi-national customers, significantly 
enhancing our global vision. So that is one.  
The second point is it helps us expand our performance material portfolio, especially into high-
value dianhydrides and polyimide intermediates. These products have critical application, as you 
would know, across semiconductor, aviation, electricals. This will help us, Anupam and 
Jayhawk, put together more of an integrated player in this fast-growing performance material 
sector.  

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
December 15, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
The third benefit, which I can talk about, is the forward integration. So, as you would know, 
when we did the acquisition of Tanfac, it was clearly an idea to secure raw material sourcing, 
and this was more of a backward integration, particularly in the fluorination chemistry. Now, 
with Jayhawk, basically what we are trying to do is that go forward, which is go closer to our 
customer, an idea would be to manufacture more of our key N-1 molecules for our customers. 
With this whole combination I would say of Tanfac, Jayhawk, and Anupam would allow us to 
provide an integrated supply chain solution to our customers, and this will help us enhance our 
relationship with the customer. We would more act as a one-stop kind of a solution for some of 
the critical needs of our customers.  
The fourth one would be also combining somewhere the cost-efficiency and technology, what 
we call superiority of Jayhawk. So, basically, the synergy between Jayhawk and Anupam, I 
would say Anupam would more probably act as a cost-efficient, backward-integrated 
manufacturing base; and Jayhawk, obviously, would be more on the technology advancement. 
And, net-net, our idea would be to basically provide a localized solution to our customers in US.  
Lastly, again, we, along with Jayhawk, we also get a pretty experienced team and R&D kind of, 
let's say, capabilities. Idea would be to combine the two and look at, I would say, kind of offering 
innovative solutions to our customers. So, I would say these are the five, six synergies which I 
can kind of think of to begin with. Of course, as and when we more and more kind of integrate 
our operation, there'll be a lot more which will come our way. 
Anshuman Gupta: 
Sure, sir. Gopal sir, I think one of the statements in the opening remark was about China Plus 
One, right? It's a buzzword and across the globe, there is this thought about China Plus One, 
right? So if you can throw some light from this acquisition perspective, how do you think this 
China Plus One factor will actually play out in your favor because of that? 
Gopal Agrawal: 
So, Anshuman, I mean, as a company, we have always focused on our own strength. I don't think 
we have kind of designed our thought process or strategy which is going to be based more on 
China Plus One kind of stuff. Our idea is to basically do and strategize whatever strength we 
have. And as I said, given the overall, I would say, kind of a combination of Tanfac at the back 
end and Anupam more at the intermediate and Jayhawk now on the front end side.  
Our strategy would be to basically more look at looking at our own strength, you know, which 
we can offer to the customer and then thereby kind of offering more of an integrated supply 
chain solution to a customer and being of a value which would be long-lasting than trying to 
focus our strength on as a certain geographies or otherwise. But yes, Anand bhai or Vishal, if 
you wish to add anything. 
Moderator: 
Anshuman sir, this is the operator. Should I open the floor for questions or you have any further 
questions? 
Anshuman Gupta: 
No, no, I'm going to ask further questions. I think Gopal was asking Mr. Anand or Vishal if they 
want to add something to the answer. That's why I stopped. Should we have questions, you can 
always open the Q&A queue if you want. But I have a few questions, which I want to still ask 
the management. Is that okay?  

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
December 15, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Sure. 
Anshuman Gupta: 
Yes. So again, on the acquisition structure and the debt to be taken by Anupam and what does it 
really cost the company and to add to that, I mean, how would Anupam be able to consolidate 
the full financials of Jayhawk? 
Anand Desai: 
I will have Vishal Bhai answer that. Vishal Bhai. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Yes. So, Anshuman, I think the first thing is that Anupam is going to set up a wholly owned 
subsidiary, which will eventually acquire Monitchem Kansas S.a r.l which effectively holds 
100% of Jayhawk Fine Chemicals, which is the entity which we are talking about, which is the 
operating entity. Monitchem Kansas S.a r.l is a holding company which is having an effective 
100% holding. 
 
So, that is the first from a holding structure point of view. In this, Anupam is looking at, will 
invest around about $40 odd million, both in a combination of a debt and, from a combination 
of debt and internal accruals. So, which will act as an equity investment of Anupam in its wholly 
owned equity or a structure of Anupam. 
 
So, which is where we will be holding 100% of the Anupam. Anupam will hold 100% of the 
Monitchem S.a r.l, which effectively holds 100% of Jayhawk Fine Chemicals. Now, on the 
balance amount of approximately $110 million is going to be invested through, as in the form of 
a class B share by one of the large global investment management firm, which has over AUM 
of $100 million through an investment vehicle. 
 
So, unfortunately, today I am not in a position to share the name because we are under a 
confidentiality as of now. And as we consummate this transaction, we will be able to share the 
name and more details on that as well. But, so basically that will translate to total $150 million, 
which shall be paid as a consideration to the selling shareholders for the company and the target. 
 
Now, coming to the question that -- okay, let me first take it, how does it look like? So, it will 
be a Class B shares. So, it will effectively act as a non-controlling interest for Anupam in the 
Anupam balance sheet to that extent. 
 
Today, we intend that eventually we would be, you know, we have a right to buy them out at 
any given point in time. So, that is a pure quasi equity that we see it. From our perspective, I see 
it more as a bridge to a larger equity round to settle this amount that is there. 
 
Now, coming to the consolidation, because it is a non-controlling interest and I have 100% 
equity, 100% share of the equity of the company of a common share. Based on the auditor's 
opinion, we will be able to fully consolidate this company, company's EBITDA and P&L 
without having any dilution to that extent. Also, yes, so that is what it is. If you... 
Anshuman Gupta: 
Sure. No, perfect. No, no. So, also, I mean, in terms of, just drilling down into what Jayhawk's 
business capabilities are, right? And what, according to you, it brings as a unique value 
proposition and also the core chemistry that it has, right? And subsequently, if you can also 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
December 15, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
answer that, because you have evaluated Jayhawk quite well and, currently, it does about 19% 
EBITDA margin. 
 
So, what is your sort of growth outlook? And I am not necessarily looking for numbers, but just 
broadly, if you can add that. So, one is on the capabilities and value proposition, and then you 
talk about the overall growth potential and margin profile of Jayhawk. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
Vishal bhai, would you like to take that? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Yes. So, I think, Anshuman, as we kind of spoke, from a business perspective, this is a complete 
kind of a synergy, which is there between Anupam and Jayhawk. So, just to give you some 
sense, which we have spoken in the presentation as well. 
 
Currently, for Anupam, the performance material is roughly around 10%, 12% about overall 
revenue, while as in case of Jayhawk, it is almost 65%. So, maybe if I was to kind of fast forward 
on a consol basis, the way, you know, the overall Jayhawk plus Anupam utility will look like, 
would be around 40%-45% would be agrochem, 35% would be performed material, and another 
20% would be a mix of personal care and pharma for us. 
 
So, this is this, we kind of get a, I would say, a portfolio, which would be pretty, I would say, 
kind of a comprehensive, and we'll be able to kind of offer needs of our customer across all the 
segment. 
 
So, one is from a segment perspective, we'll be able to kind of offer them across, let's say, agro, 
performed material and pharma, and let's say, personal care. Similarly, in terms of performance 
material, you know, where you would appreciate that the application is more in the high-end 
segment, like aviation, electricals, and semi-con. 
 
These are some of the segments which are growing at a very, very fast pace globally, which 
would allow us, basically, again, offer them more like an integrated supply chain solution to our 
customers. 
 
And coupled with, let's say, a bit of a cost efficient model of Anupam, which, you know, we 
kind of spoke about initially in our commentary and advanced capability as far as the chemistries 
are concerned of Jayhawk. We do believe, I think, we offer a model, you know, to our customers 
where the customer would be able to more, partner with us in their supply chain kind of things. 
Our idea and philosophy has never been to be a competitive supplier, to a customer, because 
maybe today you're competitive, somebody else tomorrow could become competitive. 
 
Our idea is to more offer an integrated supply chain solution and partner with our customers 
from a long-term perspective. So, our belief is that, with the segment expansion, as well as, you 
know, I would say now the geography as well, because another thing which Jayhawk brings to 
us is that almost 70% of their business is US, while as for us, US was, I would say, fairly low. 
We had enough and more business in Europe and more in Japan. 
 
So, I would say this whole combination, has capability to help us expand margin going forward. 
We may not be able to give you specific in terms of what kind of, let's say, growth one is looking 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
December 15, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
at, whether it is sales or EBITDA margin, but we do believe that one should be able to kind of 
go closer to, the kind of margin, I would say, and growth Anupam has been enjoying even in the 
combined operations. 
Anshuman Gupta: 
Okay. All right. 
Tanya: 
Hello, I am Tanya from Investec, from Anshuman's team. Just one question, how is Anupam 
planning to do the integration of this acquisition, considering this is a relatively larger acquisition 
compared to Tanfac? 
Gopal Agrawal: 
So, Tanya, I think it's a good question and the only thing, we can say that we have had experience 
of integrating Tanfac. As you would know, we acquired Tanfac 3.5 years back, and I mean, just 
for everyone's kind of benefit, I'm happy to kind of just share what we've been able to achieve 
in that last 3.5 years. We have been able to double the capacity at Tanfac. 
 
Revenue has grown 3x. We have been able to increase, I would say, margin or EBITDA margin 
by anywhere between 50% to 75%. And if market cap is any indication, the market cap has gone 
up almost 7x from the time we have done the acquisition. 
 
So, all one is trying to say that, yes, we have now what you call experience of Tanfac. Of course, 
one can argue this is domestic and this is international, but I would say, business remains the 
same, thought process remains the same, idea and strategy remains the same. So, we feel fairly 
confident that, we'll be able to kind of do this integration also pretty well. 
 
Like in Tanfac, we also have a global, kind of a firm, consulting firm has been assisting us more 
as a PMO, to ensure that we get the whole process and system integration right. So, we'll have, 
similar kind of, let's say, agencies also helping us out. But yes, I would say as far as Jayhawk is 
concerned, the team there is pretty independent, as you would have seen in our presentation 
while the ownership at the top has changed at Jayhawk, we have a pretty capable team, or I 
would say a pretty capable as well as full team, which is there, who will be able to kind of run 
operations pretty independently. 
 
And our idea would be, I would say, more to act as a catalyst, whenever there's a need to look at 
expanding, let's say, the world offering and otherwise to our customers. So, as far as this whole, 
what we call acquisition is concerned, we are fairly confident that we should be able to kind of 
manage this pretty well, having done 10,000 successfully. 
Tanya: 
Sure, that's great, sir. And what are the growth plans for Jayhawk, including the anticipated 
capex and new product initiatives? 
Gopal Agrawal: 
As I was telling you, Tanya, what we would be doing is that we do have, like a certain kind of 
what we call thought process in our mind. To begin with, we will primarily more focus on scaling 
the existing product, of Jayhawk. And then, we will look at kind of selectively taking some 
capacity expansion. 
 
Idea would be to more sit with the Jayhawk management, talk about what we can bring on the 
table, what do they have. And, then look at selecting some of the kind of molecules across 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
December 15, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
segment, where we can, go together and, probably offer something which is more of an 
integrated solution to our customer. 
 
As far as the markets are concerned, I said, in the segment, whether it is aviation, semicon, 
electricals, EV, for example, I mean, the address of market is billions and billions of dollars. So, 
I think as far as the demand is concerned, there is no end to it. What we would be doing is that 
work with the team to see what are our strengths. 
 
And this is that, look at selective capacity expansion is what we do. If I have more talk about the 
current, let's say, asset base, there is, I would say, as this decent amount of headroom, which will 
support our near-term growth. So, yes, we will look at additional investment on a more of a case-
to-case basis, as we progress further. 
Tanya: 
All right. Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. 
Anshuman Gupta: 
So, I have a couple of questions before the queue sets up, right? So, I think one of the key here 
is from a customer standpoint, right? And then that, both Anupam and Jayhawk have customers. 
So, what are you, I mean, from a response from the customer side, what are you currently seeing? 
What's happening? How are both Anupam and Jayhawk customers actually reacting to this 
transaction? 
Gopal Agrawal: 
So, I mean, the way to look at it is that, there are few customers which are common, between, 
let's say, Anupam and Jayhawk, which have been currently being served by Anupam as well as 
by Jayhawk as well. So, yes, and then there are definitely decent amount of new set of customers 
which Jayhawk brings on the table. 
 
What we are happy to share is that, when we announced this transaction, we have had, I would 
say, decent bit of a positive, what you call, inquiries by, a lot of existing customers of Jayhawk 
as well as Anupam, wherein they said that, we kind of saw this news, we are very happy, having 
you kind of done this forward integration. 
 
And we do believe that, this combined business definitely provides a greater supply chain 
stability and flexibility. And hence, I would say the customers are pretty, I would say, kind of 
excited. And we are kind of, let's say, engaging with some of them, one by one. 
 
Of course, we will do more of those once the closing happens, which probably would be maybe 
another, whatever, 4 to 6 weeks away. But yes, to begin with, I think the customers are pretty 
excited. They are very keen, to kind of look at this integrated offering from us. 
 
So, yes, our idea would be to kind of, let's say, bring the best of both worlds, both, I would say, 
from Anupam and Jayhawk combined. But yes, we are seeing enough and more of them, kind 
of approaching us as we speak, wherein they are having kind of a discussion or wanting to have 
discussion with us or with our sales team. And I'm sure similar would be the case with Jayhawk 
as well. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
December 15, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Anshuman Gupta: 
Sure. And, sir, I think specifically, I wanted to focus on the manufacturing side of this 
transaction. And if you can elaborate, right, from a manufacturing strategy perspective, what 
does this combined entity, will do from a manufacturing perspective? 
Gopal Agrawal: 
Let me kind of answer this in two ways. One a piece which I kind of covered which is more of 
a kind of, let's say, integrated solution which is a combination of Tanfac offering, Anupam and 
Jayhawk. Two is that the current site has roughly three million square meter is in size. And what 
the existing, let's say, manufacturing setup occupies is hardly around I would say 15% to 20%.  
So, there is another 80% of land which is available clearly for us to kind of expand going 
forward. So, as I said we will look at initially to expand the existing protocol product offering 
to our customers. And then selectively look at some of the capex for which the land is available.  
The idea would be to kind of look at some of this manufacturing, or rather building some of the 
manufacturing asset in Jayhawk. This is our offering or ask by the customer, where we are able 
to kind of take benefit of integrated, I would say solution, which would combine Tanfac offering, 
Anupam and Jayhawk put together, especially on the flotation side of it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take the next question coming from the line of Meet Vora from 
Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Meet Vora: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. So, just if I were to put the growth plans of Jayhawk under 
context with a revenue around $78 million and EBITDA around 15 million, should a 20%, 25% 
growth on top line in EBITDA would be a fair number to work with? And an extension to that 
also on margin front, Anupam standalone entity is having a margin of around 25%, whereas 
Jayhawk is having a margin of around 19%. So, would it dilute some margin on a console level 
or do we expect Jayhawk's margin to rebound to say 24%, 25%? 
Anand Desai: 
So, I think as I said in our commentary we definitely are looking to kind of a more integrate the 
offering and given the integrated offering synergies which we have, we do believe that the 
combined Anupam and Jayhawk should basically be able to achieve the growth which we have 
been kind of envisaging for Anupam in the past and similarly the margin as well. As far as in 
terms of timing, otherwise we'll not be able to kind of guide specifically, but yes, Vishal bhai if 
you wish to add anything. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So, Meet I think what Anand bhai also indicated in the call and what even Gopal bhai has said, 
I think the way I would see it is that there is a strong growth opportunity coming for this company 
on a standalone basis itself. And we believe that along with that, if we add the synergies that 
Gopal bhai has said and the opportunities that we can combinedly target. 
I guess the number that you are speaking on an EBITDA basis, yes that should be there over the 
three to four year period especially, so even in the, so two parts to it. The growth of EBITDA 
should be around about what we said what numbers you had highlighted. And to my mind with 
the kind of a scale growth and the synergies that we see, I believe that effective margin dilution 
would not be there going forward over the next two to three years time period. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
December 15, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Let's just get you more specific numbers as we try and close this transaction and have a better 
visibility on the business plan, along with the management, along with Jayhawk’s management's 
view as well, more integrated in this position. Today, it is only coming from our vantage and 
our initial understanding. 
Meet Vora: 
Sure, sir. Just one question I had on the existing standalone business. So how are we seeing the 
existing business across agro and polymer segments? I think we had commissioned few large 
AIs last year, which was seeing decent traction at least in the last few quarters. Are we seeing 
any revised interest in those from the customer's end or in general how is the base business 
looking like? 
Gopal Agrawal: 
So again, Meet, I would say agro is kind of performing well. The volumes are kind of coming 
back for sure. And we do believe that it should start kind of contributing significantly. I mean, 
we did lose out, let's say, in FY24 and 25. But we do expect agro to kind of come back. As far 
as the kind of the particular AI you're talking about, I think we are getting a decent amount of 
forecast from our customer. 
 
And we, in fact, expect a significant increase as far as the revenue is concerned from that in 
FY27 both in terms of volume as well as in terms of growth rising. So yes, I would say, net-net, 
we are definitely seeing agro business reviving pretty well and particularly this molecule kind 
of doing very well for us. 
Meet Vora: 
Okay. And do we expect to put any further capex for this molecule or do you think that the 
existing capacity will be enough to suffice that requirement of the customer? 
Gopal Agrawal: 
Currently, we don't have require anything at this stage, for sure. 
Meet Vora: 
Okay. Thanks. That's all from my side and best of luck for the acquisition. Thank you. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you.  
Tanya: 
Hi, this is Tanya from Investec. So, sir, how do you envision allocating your products and 
processes between India and US sites to optimize your cost and customer proximity? 
Gopal Agrawal: 
So, Tanya I think as we said in our commentary, currently we are very clear. Whatever is being 
done in US, we do continue to be done there. We will only look to kind of enhance the product 
offering or scaling some of that in US. What we would do is that from a more of a backward 
integration perspective, if there are certain solutions, which we can offer from Anupam or from 
Tanfac or combined is what we will look to kind of do and thereby, as you said, more act as a 
catalyst to overall, I would say, Jayhawk's capability and look at then kind of increasing our 
offering to the customer. 
Both, I would say, existing customers of Jayhawk and even some of the customers which, you 
know, as I said, post once they heard the news, they do believe that there are certain products 
that they would like to kind of offer given the combined capacity. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
December 15, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
So, we will evaluate each of this, I would say, sitting with the management of Jayhawk, go 
through it case by case and then kind of look at it. But yes, in the short run, our idea is very clear 
that we will kind of continue things as is. 
And then, kind of from a mid-term and a long-term perspective, look at kind of integrating more 
like a dual-side model, wherein we kind of, we at Anupam India, become more of a cost-efficient 
partner to Jayhawk. And Jayhawk basically would be more someone who will be close to the 
customer. And then look at kind of combining the strength of the two and offer solutions to our 
customer. 
Tanya: 
Understood, sir. And are these polymer molecules, sticky, high-value molecules with multi-year 
lock-ins or are these mostly annual supply agreements? 
Management: 
So, there are, you know, kind of a long-term contracts which are there, with the existing 
customers and all of those will continue. Our idea would be, as I said again, to look at kind of 
augmenting some of this going forward. 
But yes, you know, there are what we call long-term contracts which are there, currently which 
are existing with the customer and they will continue. Of course, as I said, the idea would be to 
meet those customers and understand what more can be done with them while the existing 
product continues as it is. 
Tanya: 
All right. All right. And just a last question. What is the expected debt post-acquisition 
considering Anupam already has INR730 crores of net debt as of second quarter? 
Gopal Agrawal: 
Vishal, what? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Yes. So, as I said, at max, we are looking at around 40 million. We are looking at, not -- we are 
looking at around 40 million of investment. So, to that extent, you may want to count it in the 
net debt because either we'll use some of our cash or we'll use the debt that has been made 
available by a large bank which is our existing lender also. So, I think you can take it 40 million 
on it. 
Tanya: 
All right. All right. Thank you so much for answering my question, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next follow-up question comes from the line of Meet Vora from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Meet Vora: 
Sir, I just had one follow-up. In your initial remarks, you mentioned that we are planning to 
serve the semiconductor and performance materials industry put together. What was this 
thought? Is it coming from the Jayhawk acquisition or is it from Anupam's standalone? And how 
do you view these sectors going forward? 
Gopal Agrawal: 
So, Meet, I think from our strategy perspective, our idea was always to kind of target some of 
these high-end segment. Some of it, you know, we have been kind of, let's say, supplying this 
directly or indirectly to some of our customers. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
December 15, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
But yes, from a future perspective, now that we have Jayhawk who has capability on some of 
these high-priority chemistries, which have application, as I said, in some of these segments, 
which are going to grow, I would say, significantly. The idea would be to kind of combine the 
two, which is both Anupam and Jayhawk. 
 
And then look at kind of penetrating, I would say, our kind of entry, I won't say entry, but yes, 
our other, strengthening our positioning with the customer. So, please appreciate, you know, 
some of this sector, whether, as you would know, whether it's semicon, aviation and others. 
Some, you know, for you, for kind of, I would say, a player to even get into, the process could 
be anywhere between 5 to 7 years. 
I mean, if everything goes your way, you know, for your ability to kind of get the approval from 
the customer and kind of be part of their supply chain. With Jayhawk, kind of combining with 
Anupam, all we are saying is that our journey, as far as some of the segment is concerned, it's 
advanced by 5 to 7 years, if not more. 
So, yes, the way I would look at it, or I would expect you guys to look at it is, the combined 
entity now has advanced, let's say, Anupam's overall, what you call, strategy, as far as the 
performance material is concerned, by anywhere between 5 to 7 years, where we already have a 
decent bit of customers, who are approved by Jayhawk, who have been, let's say, with Jayhawk 
for decades together. 
So, from that perspective, I think we will be, you know, I would say probably a decent, what 
you call, combined force in performance material globally. 
Meet Vora:  
Okay. So, would we be creating a separate segment for performance materials, like what we 
have for agro, pharma, and polymers today, say, 2, 3 years or out? Yes. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
No. So, I mean, I said, from our perspective, it's more of the offering to the customer. I didn't 
understand when you say a separate segment. I mean, of course, what one would do is that 
whatever, let's say, products, you know, in terms of intermediate or otherwise, which we can 
supply to Jayhawk from here, we will do that. 
Obviously, would have some further, what you call, processing done by Jayhawk at US, 
depending upon the customer need. And then I said more look at supplying the integrated 
solution to our customers. So, I didn't really understand when you say a separate segment means 
what? Because from our perspective, it would be more like a combined Anupam and Jayhawk, 
which would be offering solutions across these segments. 
Meet Vora:  
Yes, I understood. So, it was more from end application point of view. Understood, sir. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
Yes. Okay. 
Meet Vora: 
That's all from my side. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
Thank you, Meet. 
Meet Vora: 
Thank you. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
December 15, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 360 One Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on the acquisition. So, first question is in terms of 
customer overlap between Anupam and Jayhawk. And then, a light question to that in terms of 
a product concentration risk on Jayhawk. Are there any challenges on these two fronts? And in 
terms of customer concentration again, is there heavy customer concentration for Jayhawk? And 
if it is there, how are we going to tackle it incrementally? Thank you. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
As we said in our initial commentary, I wish that there are a few kind of common customers. 
But would that kind of a lead to a concentrated, let's say, what we call this thing as far as the 
combined Anupam and Jayhawk is concerned? The answer to that is no. 
Because as I said, there are only very few, kind of a common customer. Jayhawk has, I would 
say, kind of a decent set of customers which they have built over decades with them. And if you 
look at their overall revenue, we don't feel that there is kind of a, let's say, concentration of a 
single customer or product, which should be kind of a, should be causing a concern or should be 
worrying any of us for that matter. 
So, I would say neither as an individual, let's say, Jayhawk nor as a combined Anupam and 
Jayhawk, we see any kind of, let's say, tilt or risk of consumer contribution of any single 
customer or a single product is a concern. I think I would rather only say that with both the 
entities coming together, I would say the overall, with the overall sales kind of a going up, or 
rather the revenue going up, some of this, I would say, concentration can only reduce in overall 
scheme of things. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. Correct. Got that. That's helpful. And second question is in terms of the promoters of 
Jayhawk monetizing. So, what could be the potential reasons that they want to monetize given 
that the business is likely in growth phase as the performance material segment is improving? 
And plus, the margins seem to be at relatively higher levels. 
And if you can just throw some light in terms of what could be the working capital cycle or 
ROCs that Jayhawk was making over the last couple of years that will be helpful. Thank you. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
I will have Vishal Bhai answer that and maybe I'll then add if there's something more, you know, 
which I feel like. Vishal Bhai. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So, Rohit, the first thing is that this is effectively owned. So, Jayhawk is owned by CABB and 
CABB is eventually hold by Parmira, a large private equity fund. It's a 80 billion dollar private 
equity fund, as you know. They, so basically their objective was that they had practically 
invested for a long time now in CABB. And it's over seven years that they've held this asset and 
it is time for them to exit. 
And they've been trying to do that for last year or more. So, it is more to do with the end of life 
or a life of their investment that they are looking at this divestment. So, that is one part of it. And 
second on working capital side, my under, as per our understanding, the numbers will be in the 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
December 15, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
range of, you know, 90 to 90 days odd working – net working capital would be, 90 to 100 days 
net working capital. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And the ROC profile in the last maybe couple of years? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
It will be double digit, but higher teens, sorry, mid-teens to higher teens. Yes, mid-teens, I would 
say. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes, fair enough. That's all from my side. Thanks a lot. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
The only thing I will add to what Vishal bhai said is that, yes, I mean, given a choice, they might 
have want to hold it. But as Vishal bhai rightly said, any private equity has to kind of look at 
exiting, some of their assets in five to seven years’ time. And from their perspective, it was more 
of that, which drew the decision than anything else. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right, right. Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question coming from the line of Mahendra Parmar, an investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Mahendra Parmar: 
Anand bhai, this is Mahendra Parmar. I just want to ask a simple question that this will be EPS 
accretive you told in the opening call. I just want to know that the current revenue of Anupam 
plus the revenue of Jayhawk combined, how much will be the growth of our EPS? At present, 
let's take into consideration how much is the revenue of Jayhawk plus the revenue of Anupam? 
Gopal Agrawal: 
Can I answer this? Mr. Mahendraji, the question you asked, in our standalone call that we had 
last quarter, we have given guidance on the growth rates of Anupam. And if we talk about this, 
like when Mr. Meet asked the question, we had given a prediction of this. And you will also 
appreciate that we have just made an acquirement, a definitive agreement. Its closing is going to 
be in January. 
It will be in the second half of January. Then we will have the clarity to sit and discuss with the 
management what our target is, what we are agreeing on, what we are focusing on. But prediction 
is, the historical growth of Anupam, we would like to see that in Jayhawk over the next 3 to 4 
years horizon. So, can you make a prediction from there as to what we want to say? 
Mahendra Parmar: 
No, no. I am understanding that. But if we combine the revenue, then our equity dilution is not 
happening. So, after increasing the combined revenue, we want to know how much growth can 
be made on the equity base of Anupam, EPS, just want to know. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
That's what I said. If you see, today their numbers will be practically fully consolidated in us, 
that's what I want to tell you. So, it will be according to that. 
Mahendra Parmar: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
December 15, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Okay. So, this is Vishal. First of all, thank you very much everybody for joining on a busy 
Monday. In summary, the acquisition for Jayhawk Fine Chem Chemicals LLC is a 
transformative step for us. It strengthens our US presence, significantly diversifies our revenue 
across end markets, across geographies, and across customers as well. And it helps us integrate 
into a very high growth end market like US. And we look forward to realizing the synergies that 
we've discussed today. And we'll be in touch as we look for the closing of this transaction in 
January later half. Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Anupam Rasayan India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
