VISHAL MEGA MART LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Vishal Mega Mart Private Limited) 
Corporate & Regd. Office: 5th Floor, Platinum Tower, Plot No. 184   
Udyog Vihar, Phase – 1, Gurugram, Haryana-122016, India. 
Phone: +91-124-4980000 Fax: +91-124-4980001  
Email: secretarial@vishalwholesale.co.in, Website: www.aboutvishal.com 
   CIN: L51909HR2018PLC073282 
 
Date: November 19, 2025 
 
To  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: VMM 
To  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001  
Scrip Code: 544307 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on results of the Company for the quarter 
and half year ended September 30, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript 
of Earnings Conference Call on results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2025, held on Friday, November 14, 2025. The copy of transcript is also available 
on the Company’s website at https://aboutvishal.com/. 
 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
_______________________ 
Rahul Luthra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No: F9588 
 
Encl: As above 
RAHUL 
LUTHRA
Digitally signed 
by RAHUL 
LUTHRA 
Date: 2025.11.19 
19:03:58 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
Q2 FY‘26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2025 
 
E&OE: This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on November 14, 2025, will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GUNENDER KAPUR – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – VISHAL MEGA MART 
LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VISHAL MEGA MART LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 FY26 Conference Call of Vishal Mega 
Mart Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Agarwal from Strategic Growth Advisors. Thank 
you and over to you. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Thank you. Hi, good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Vishal Mega Mart 
Limited Q2 FY26 earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. Gunender Kapur, MD and 
CEO; and Mr. Amit Gupta, CFO. I hope everyone got an opportunity to go through our financial 
results and investor presentation uploaded on the company's website and stock exchanges. We 
will begin the call with opening remarks from management, following which we will have the 
forum open for question-and-answer session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call may be 
forward-looking in nature and the disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Gunender Kapur, MD and CEO to give his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Gunender Kapur: 
Well, thank you very much, Rahul. Very good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and a very warm 
welcome to this call. What I propose to do is to run you through the quarter two and first half 
presentation very quickly, so that we can maximize time for questions. So firstly, I'll cover the 
quarter two performance and then move on to the first half highlights of the performance. 
In quarter two, we did a revenue of INR 2,981 crores. This was a growth of 22.4% over last year. 
Our adjusted same-store sales growth was 12.8%. Now one of the factors, which helped the 
September quarter performance, the Q2 performance, was the fact that we got the benefit of 
Durga Puja Festival, which is, as you know, a very popular festival in eastern India. And also, 
to a lesser extent, the benefit of Chhath Puja, which is again a popular festival in Bihar, East UP, 
etcetera.  
So, we got these benefits in September quarter this year, whilst the numbers were reported in 
December quarter in the last year. So, therefore, that incremental revenue, we got it in September 
quarter this year and we will not get it in December quarter this year, whereas, last year, there 
was no benefit of these festivals in September quarter and all the benefit was reported in 
December quarter. 
Moving on to EBITDA, the EBITDA for the quarter was INR 395 crores, which is a 30.5% 
growth over last year. And the EBITDA margin improved to 13.2% vis-à-vis 12.4% last year. 
PAT was INR 152 crores, which is a 46.5% growth over last year. And the PAT margin this 
quarter was 5.1% in the corresponding quarter last year, it was 4.3%. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Here we conclude the quarter two performance highlights and now I will move on to the first 
half performance highlights. In the first half of FY26, our revenue from operations was INR 
6,122 crores. This was a growth of 12.6% over last year and our adjusted same store sales growth 
was 12.1%. Sorry, we had a growth of 21.6% and the same store sales growth was 12.1%. So, 
in the first half, INR 6,122 crores revenue, growth of 21.6% over last year and adjusted same-
store sales growth 12.1%. 
The EBITDA in first half was INR 854 crores, which is a 27.8% growth over last year and an 
EBITDA margin of 13.9% in first half as against 13.3% last year. The PAT in first half was INR 
358 crores, which is a 41% growth over last year and the PAT margin in the first half of this 
year was 5.9% vis-a-vis 5% last year. We maintained our accelerated new store opening 
momentum and opened 28 new stores over this quarter and overall, for the first half, we opened 
51 new stores. 
 
This takes the total store count to 742 as on September’25 end and we have now presence in 493 
cities in India. We added 19 new cities in the second quarter in line with our agenda of deeper 
penetration into India and coverage of the white spaces, which are still there. Our trading area 
stood at 1.28 crore square feet. As you know, own brands are a very important part of our 
strategy. The revenue in the first half of the year from own brands was 74.7%, which is a 185 
bps improvement YOY. The category mix remained essentially the same.  
Our quick commerce expanded to 695 stores across 460 cities in the country and the registered 
users on quick commerce have increased to 1.08 crore people. 
 
Finally, to conclude, I would just add that we believe the government's initiative of GST rate 
rationalization is a very positive step towards stimulating consumption and Vishal remains 
totally committed to pass these benefits to all our customers to enable long term inclusive growth 
for all the stakeholders. 
Well, with this, I would like to thank you once again and I would request the moderator to open 
the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take our first question from the line of Vivek M from Jefferies. 
Please go ahead. 
Vivek M: 
Hi, sir. My first question is on the SSSG numbers. Now, obviously, we have data only since the 
time you got listed and period around that, which has been double digit. I know this question 
was asked to you last quarter also, but instead of, let's say second half FY'26, if you take a, let's 
say two, three year view, where do you think this number, let's say, settles at, let's say in two 
years from now on the SSSG side? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, Vivek, firstly, thank you very much for your question. And it's great to speak to you again. 
But as you know, we do not give any forward-looking guidance at all. All I would say at this 
point in time, we are optimistic about the future, because there is a very happy confluence of 
three factors, which is going to play out. One is, of course, the GST rationalization, which I 
spoke about.  

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
The second is, as you know, the income tax rates for the middle income group customers were 
rationalized on 1st of April. And last but not the least, while I'm not an agri-expert, but from 
what I've read or heard, since the rainfall for Kharif this year has been very good and somewhat 
extended, as you know, we should expect a good crop. So, at this point in time, there is really 
no reason for us to be not optimistic about the future.  
Of course, any macro events, which are based more on global rather than local events, cannot 
be totally ruled out. So, yeah, with that caveat, I would say that we are optimistic about the 
period that you spoke about. 
Vivek M: 
I see. Okay. And second on the GST bit, GK, so I understand the part from a retailer standpoint, 
but what happens on the own -- so what have you done on the own label side, number one? And 
number two, the low GST will make you more competitive versus, let's say, the regional and the 
local brands, each of these markets. Is the second part of my point, do you concur with that? So, 
both sides, what have you done with the lower GST in the own labels and the second part? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, firstly, Vivek, on GST on third-party brands and on own brands is all entirely being passed 
on to customers to the extent of the GST reduction. So, we are not differentiating between the 
two. 100% of the rationalization benefits are being passed on. 
On your second question, the view that I can share with you with certainty is that it is likely to 
have a positive impact on consumption. Now how specifically will it play out vis-à-vis smaller 
regional players? I don't have a view right now because I don't have really the granular data for 
each one of them to see. My assumption is that they would all be passing on the GST benefits to 
the consumers and customers. If that hypothesis is true, then the relative price parity will remain 
essentially the same. But consumption will have a positive impact. That I can say. 
Vivek M: 
I see. Okay. And last question, if I may, which is basically on the first half, adjusted EBITDA 
margins are almost about 9.5%. And I'm talking about pre-IndAS -- pre-ESOP charge. What is 
your outlook, let's say, over the next 12 months -18 months on pre IndAS margins? At what 
level do you want to cap it to? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Okay. So, Vivek, I'll give a holistic answer to this question. If you recall, right from the IPO 
time, we've been saying that the game plan for this business is to maintain the gross margins. 
And that essentially continues to be our opinion and view. So, I do not either commit to or in 
any which way forecast that the margin improvements that we've seen thus far will necessarily 
continue in the future. And I hope that Vivek answers your question. 
We are committed to ensuring that as we grow and our growth is largely volume growth, we get 
better and better buying efficiencies. And the margins, which may come because of better buying 
efficiencies, we have a plan to reinvest that either in product quality or in better pricing. 
Vivek M: 
Got it. That's good to know. Wishing you and your team all the very best, GK and Amit. 
Gunender Kapur: 
Thank you very much, Vivek. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you for taking my question, sir and congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir you did 
highlight that Q2 was partially benefited because of an early festive of Durga Pooja and Chhath. 
But we also gather that there were some regional disturbances in the Assam region. And you 
know, Assam has a very decent contribution to your overall growth. So, would that also have 
some offsetting negative impact during the quarter? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Absolutely correct. So, we had two things in the quarter which were significant. One is that we 
had the somewhat or quite significantly extended monsoons this year. And they did cause some 
disruption which would inevitably impact the retail businesses. So that was one factor. 
 
The second, as you said because of the very, very unfortunate passing away of the favorite singer 
for all of us, Zubeen Garg. There was a five-day mourning period in Assam where everything 
was shut. And that came bang in the middle of the peak Durga Pooja season. So, yes, you're 
absolutely right. That did have an impact on the revenue. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
So, would you like to quantify the impact of this, especially the Assam thing, if any? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Very, very difficult to quantify that specifically. I can say that it was significant in Assam. You 
see, because one cannot assume that the revenue that we lost in those five days is all a net loss. 
Because in several cases, the customers would go, and in the subsequent week, buy all the things 
that they were supposed to buy, or all that they wanted to buy. So, unless one engages with a 
very, very large cross-section of customers to figure out if there was any reduction in the 
purchases because of that five-day shutdown, very difficult to speculate on that. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. And my second and last question is with regards to the store expansion. I mean, store 
expansion is as per what you have been guiding. But we have seen the expansion is largely in 
the southern market, because out of the 20-odd stores opened during the quarter, a large part of 
it was opened in the southern market. So, any specific focus? And we are also seeing a decline 
in the average square footage of the stores as well. So, anything that you would like to highlight 
here? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Certainly. So, firstly, I would say that your observation is correct. We have opened a significant 
number of stores in the southern region. Firstly, as I mentioned in the last quarter call, we are 
getting a very good response from Kerala, which is one of the states that was mentioned. And of 
our total store openings four came from Kerala. Three came from Karnataka, which is an existing 
market for us. Four came from Telangana. And two came from Andhra Pradesh.  
So, the total was 15 stores. But the rest of the stores were opened in the north and some in the 
west. As you know, we are also piloting Gujarat and Maharashtra. So, there were store openings 
in Gujarat in the quarter. And that will continue to happen. So, your observation is absolutely 
right. But in the second quarter, 15 out of 28 stores opened in the south. 13 opened in the rest of 
the country as well.  

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Gaurav, I am sorry to interrupt. I request you to join back the queue, please, as we have other 
participants waiting for their turn. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Hi, sir. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on a strong 
performance. Sir, I wanted to check. There is a GST reduction that has happened. And you have 
indicated that consumption should see a pickup. So, you did indicate that your average bill size 
pre this reduction was about INR 800. So, I wanted to check.  
Are we sort of sustaining at that level? Because of this GST reduction, there is some level of 
reduction that has happened. The intent of asking this question is whether we have been able to 
sort of impress consumers to sort of spend more at the stores or consumers are sort of spending 
or taking the benefit of GST reduction themselves. 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, what I would say, firstly, it's too early to, with data come to that conclusion just as yet, 
because as you know, there was a transition period of three-four weeks before everything settled. 
But my assumption at this moment is that it would not impact our average bill value at all 
because I'm also quite optimistic that this will lead to an increase in overall consumption.  
So, we anticipate one of the two scenarios. And most likely, both will play out with different 
customers. One is folks who are going to buy more things from the store. So, earlier, if they were 
buying eight items per bill, they could buy nine, for example. 
The second thing also, which will inevitably happen is that folks who are desirous of buying a 
more aspirational, higher price point product may find that it's become somewhat more 
affordable right now. So, as a combination of the two, it is not our hypothesis that the average 
bill value will come down. But we will have in the next three months enough data to answer that 
with specificity. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood. And over on the portfolio level, sir, what is the GST reduction? Any quantifiable 
numbers that you can suggest? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, as you know, it's very different for different categories. In apparel, only 1% of our revenue 
is impacted because, as you know, all products which are more than INR 1,000 earlier were 
paying higher GST. That has been reduced to INR 2,500. So, our products, which are between 
INR 1,000 and INR 2,500, which is a very small part of our revenue, the GST reduced from 12% 
to 5%. That number is significantly higher for general merchandise, where almost 34% of our 
revenue is positively impacted by GST reduction. And this includes categories like footwear, 
household, appliances, sports, and toys, where the GST has moved to 5% from a range of 12% 
to 18%.  

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
And lastly, the largest impact would be on FMCG, where 50% of our FMCG revenue would be 
positively impacted by the GST reduction. So, yeah, as you can see, it's 1% in apparel, but 50% 
in FMCG. And in general merchandise, it's about 34% of our revenue. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood. Lastly, I wanted to understand, there are two new additions to your Board. There is 
some reconstitution that has happened. So, if you can highlight what is the strategic intent behind 
this? That's my last question. 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, we have, in the period -- slightly longer period, we've had three wonderful additions to our 
Board. As you know, Neha Bansal is our Chairperson. And we've had the privilege of having 
Soumya also as our Independent Director. And I think as we announced yesterday, with the 
results, we also have now Mr. Yogesh Yadav, who is another very welcome addition as an 
Independent Director to our Board. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And from Partners, there is... 
Moderator: 
Devanshu, I'm sorry to interrupt. May I request you to join back the queue, please? Thank you. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Garima Mishra from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Garima Mishra: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. First question. GK, you've mentioned in the press release 
that a large proportion of your stores offer the quick commerce service, right? Can you give 
some colour on revenue contribution from e-commerce, quick-commerce to your overall 
revenue pie? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Well, I can tell you the range, because as you know, all the stores are still not covered and they 
are getting added every month. So, the period for which they've been operational varies from a 
few weeks to more than a year. But the range falls almost between at the lower extreme 1.5 or 
thereabouts percent of our revenue and at the higher end, 9% plus of our revenue. So, that's the 
range in which we are operating. 
And once we are fully rolled out and matured in all the stores, which have all been recently 
added, we would have a better overall number for this. But yeah, I mean, that's the range. And I 
would say 9% plus in such a short period is a pleasant surprise for us. But we are indeed getting 
even that much in some parts of the country, I wouldn't say majority of the country, but in a 
significant part of our revenue. 
Garima Mishra: 
Got it. And just to follow up on this one. So, these revenues are attributable to individual stores 
and would thus be forming a part of the LFL calculation, right? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Absolutely. You're absolutely right. These are attributed to the stores and therefore do part of 
the total revenue numbers that we are reporting. Can I just make one clarification on the prior 
question, please, because I understood the question as independent directors? If I were to extend 
that to directors who are there from my investor side, there is the addition of Mr. Vageesh Gupta 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
from Partners Group to the Board also. So, the three folks I spoke about earlier were the 
independent directors. And Vageesh represents Partners Group on the board. Sorry, that's the 
comprehensive answer to the earlier question. 
Garima Mishra: 
Got it. And I have one more question. Could you talk about any specific supply chain 
investments that the business might need? We've seen once in the past, there was a little bit of 
one-time investment that you needed to build up supply chain. Is there anything in the offing in 
the next couple of years that we should be looking out for? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Absolutely. There will be further investments in the supply chain. I think I had mentioned in one 
of the earlier calls that we are making a 600,000 square feet warehouse in Haryana, close to 
Gurgaon. 
 
And this would be a fully automated warehouse to ensure that we are not running out of 
warehousing capacity for our future growth. So, as that gets fully implemented, we would be 
putting up similar warehouses, but depending on the revenue in that particular zone, maybe of 
somewhat different sizes in a very strategic fashion around the country. 
Moderator: 
Garima, I request you to join back the queue, please. Garima, as there are other participants 
waiting for their turn. Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Nihal Mahesh 
Jham from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Yes, good afternoon, Gunender and Amit. I have two questions. The first is, while you 
mentioned the adjusted SSG looking at some store closures and cannibalizations, just if you 
could quantify the impact of the shift in festive of Chhath as well as Durga Puja into this quarter. 
Had that not changed into the Q2 quarter, what would have been the ideal normal SSG? 
Gunender Kapur: 
See, I'll give you my best estimate. And it'll be an approximate number because when the festival 
dates change at this time of the year, the seasonality impact also changes. So, for example, if 
Durga Puja and Chhath are later than last year, then the winter sales also come into play. 
Likewise, the other way around also. So, it is very, very difficult to be that specific. But if you 
ask me for my best estimate, I would say it is probably 150 to 200 basis points. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
That is helpful, GK. The second question was on specifically the INR99 price point in apparel. 
Would it be fair to say that, at least anecdotally, looking at a lot of the other retailers that operate 
in your area, that you sort of have an exclusivity or very large market share in that price point, 
if that is a correct inference. 
 
And given recently, if you look at the fact that there has been an increase in aggression from the 
likes of Meesho, where you do find a lot of listings less than INR  99 also. So, how do we plan 
to differentiate ourselves versus a cheaper pricing of INR 50 - INR 60? Is it that the quality 
improvement that you are speaking of is more at the starting price point in the apparel or will it 
be across the board? These two parts and I'll be done. 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, firstly, it will be across the board. Secondly, I would like to just add one piece of information 
to complete the picture. The most fashionable, highest price points are growing the fastest. And 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
if you were to rank them, the middle price points are growing the second fastest. Both 
significantly faster than our entry price point. 
These are the price points where we've completely enhanced the fashionability and quality. And 
that agenda, you will see unfolding further in spring, summer 2026. For example, things like 
higher cotton content, etc. in our apparel, clothing, even at the lower price points. So, yes, that's 
correct. Equally, it is correct that we have price points lower than 99 already in the business. 
And these are largely in kids' infant and other kids' clothing.  
So, those price points which are less than 99 already exist with us. And yes, we will continue to 
ensure that A, on quality and secondly, on pricing, we are very competitive. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Just one follow-up there, that in the entry price point, if you see certain online competitors 
getting very aggressive with pricing and quality, then what approach do we plan to take? Or is 
it that we are confident with the current approach at this point in time? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, we have certain principles which we've been articulating. And I think I can say that those 
would be carried forward in the future also. On the opening price point, we will be the most 
competitive in the country. Now, I will clarify vis-a-vis all the organized sector retail, because 
the mom-and-pop stores, it's impossible for us to monitor anything, because there are so many, 
as you probably know, millions. 
So, in the organized retail, we will be the most competitive in terms of opening price point, 
which can be easily compared across retail. Beyond that, I would further say that I remain 
confident that if the inflation situation remains as benign as it is right now, with that caveat, we 
have no plans for price increases. But we will continue to upgrade our merchandise and keep 
introducing new and more aspirational products beyond the current price range on the higher 
side. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Helpful, GK. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sagar Tanna from Alchemie Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Hi, sir. At the start of the conversation, you mentioned about consumption likely to pick up, 
thanks to GST, income tax rates, and you also mentioned about upgrading our inventory to 
aspirational. Is it fair to assume that you see demand consumption coming back strongly over 
the next few years compared to the last few years, and there would be some kind of up-trading 
versus down-trading, which may have happened? And if yes, then how will it impact our private-
label business? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Okay. So firstly, I would like to say that the price benefit that our private brands offer over the 
third-party brands are very significant. They could be in the range of 20% to 45%, 50%. 
Obviously, different for different private brands. The GST impact is relatively much smaller, the 
GST benefit. So, I'm not certain whether the competitiveness of our private brands will get 
impacted at all. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Secondly, as I mentioned in one of my earlier answers, we have even on our private brands 
passed on the GST benefits. So, I can assure you that there is likely to be no change in the 
competitiveness of our private brands vis-a-vis the third-party brands because of the impact of 
GST or increased consumption. In fact, I would believe that given their immensely higher 
affordability, our private brands will participate very strongly if the consumption were to go up 
in that upgradation process. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Got it. And sir, any changes with respect to our capex plans, considering that consumption is 
likely to be more stronger than in the last few years? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, I will just reconfirm that we are going to be investing in supply chain, as I mentioned in one 
of the earlier answers. Secondly, I reconfirm that our agenda will remain accelerated store 
openings. Thirdly, our agenda will remain to cover the white spaces which we still have. 
For example, I spoke about Kerala, I spoke about Gujarat, I spoke about Maharashtra, and there 
is another state where we are not present at the moment, which is Tamil Nadu. And last but not 
the least, as you know, we are expanding our omnichannel presence, and we will continue to 
invest behind that. 
And yeah, I had also mentioned in one of the earlier calls that we are piloting a format for the 
smaller towns, which are ballpark 50,000 population. That pilot is also progressing well. And 
we will scale up that as well. So lastly, I would just like to assure you that we have enough cash 
on the balance sheet to fund all these plans. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best, sir. 
Gunender Kapur: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aditya Bansal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Bansal: 
Hi. Yes, thanks for taking my question. My first question is on the initial traction in Gujarat and 
Kerala. I see you have ramped up store additions there. So how has been the traction in those 
states, especially on the private label FMCG? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Okay. So let me specifically say that in Kerala, we are more mature than Gujarat and 
Maharashtra, in fact. So, as we speak, we have 16 stores fully operational in Kerala, and a 
pipeline which is more than 16, of stores which are going to be open soon. In Gujarat and 
Maharashtra, our experience has been rather limited at this point in time. But nonetheless, the 
early signs are very positive. And based on that, we are already expanding beyond the pilot 
stores in both these states. 
So, in, for example, quarter two, which has just finished, we've added two new stores in Gujarat, 
in addition to the one that we had opened earlier. And in Maharashtra, we have added one more 
store to the one that we had put up in pilot. So, we have a store in, I could be somewhat incorrect 
here, but I'm quite sure it's the right name. We have a store in Talegaon also in Maharashtra, in 
addition to the pilot store that we had opened in Pune. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
So, as you can see, we are getting more confidence. And we are fine-tuning our format, the store 
size, and the merchandise, etc. But we are cautiously optimistic, and that is giving us enough 
confidence to add more and more stores to both these states. 
Aditya Bansal: 
Thank you. The other question was on the divergence between SSG and the adjusted SSG. That 
has increased during this quarter, like, what would be the reasons for the same? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So that is to adjust for the impact of a few things. One is the stores which we've had to close, 
right? So, they are removed from the base then. And that impact is removed because it's like-
for-like comparison. 
The second thing is that every quarter, it is our agenda to, at the same time refurbish more number 
of our stores. Because our stores require refurbishment four to five years after opening, to ensure 
that they remain aspirational and relevant for our customers. So that impact is also removed from 
the numbers. 
And the last piece is that we right-size many stores, which is to say that it was earlier 25,000 
square feet. And now we have found that actually what we need is 18,000 square feet after a few 
quarters of watching revenue. 
So that impact is also included in these numbers. So, the three impacts which are included is 
stores closed, stores which are shut for refurbishment, and the stores which have been 
downsized. So that is the delta between, pure like-for-like sales and adjusted like-for-like sales. 
So, it's nothing beyond these kind of things. 
Aditya Bansal: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Gunender Kapur: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, GK and Amit. Good morning. I have only one clarification on the quick commerce bit. In 
your data analysis, what are you finding? Is it new consumers coming in? I know that you mixed 
up new versus the current set of consumers. But some colour on, let's say, the new customer or 
new consumer recruitment? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Well, absolutely. Firstly, good to speak to you again, Manoj. Our data suggests at this point in 
time, with a caveat that in some cities we are there for long and in some cities, we've just recently 
entered, about 20% of our e-commerce customers are coming to the Vishal franchise for the first 
time through the e-commerce route. 
So that has been, as you can imagine, a very pleasing outcome for us because e-commerce is 
helping us add new customers to our franchise. And while I do not have a data-based profile of 
these folks, my assumption is that these are the most, more relatively younger customers because 
e-commerce fits into their lifestyle much better than offline stores. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Manoj Menon: 
Interesting. Interesting. And that's an excellent outcome. Maybe at a much lower customer 
acquisition cost actually. The second one, if I may, some call I heard about the pleasing 
comments about the TAM expansion, particularly in some of the southern states, etc. Any 
qualitative colour subject to, obviously, confidentiality and maybe not putting the public 
domain?  
Any qualitative colour which you can tell about the tweaks which you have done, the learnings, 
etcetera, etcetera, which kind of would indicate maybe there is faster growth possible in this new 
geography? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, Manoj, just help me, just, can you just repeat the question because I lost a few seconds in 
between. 
Manoj Menon: 
No. First, I was asking what’s subject to whatever you can disclose to the public domain, of just 
trying to understand, let's say, the newfound confidence, if I can use that word, let's say, in 
expanding faster in Kerala, what are the tweaks you have done, what are those experiments? 
And it seems that finally you have arrived at the right marketing model here. 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, yes, very happy to answer that question, Manoj. So, the biggest difference that we’ve made 
is to our store size, because in Kerala, as is well known, but we sort of rediscovered that Kerala 
is a continuous state. There is the population and the catchment and the residential and the 
commercial places never end. It's just continuous. Unlike some other parts of the country where 
you exit a city and you reach the other city after one hour, one and a half hours or whatever. 
Now, therefore, in our attempt to be closer to the customers all the time and for their 
convenience, we are probably going to open more number of stores than earlier planned, closer 
to our customers, but of a smaller size. So, yes, that's been the fine tuning that we've done. And 
secondly, but not surprisingly, we are finding very, very good response to both our fast fashion 
offerings and to our private brands in Kerala. 
Manoj Menon: 
Understood. Thank you so much and all the best. And that's it separately sir. 
Gunender Kapur: 
Thank you very much, Manoj. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on set of results. Just wanted to understand 
the revenue mix category-wise. Is there any effort being taken to improve the revenue mix in 
any of the categories or we are comfortable with this mix that is there in the system right now? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Okay. So, thank you, Prerana. Right from the IPO time, we've been saying that our category mix 
is optimized and it will remain by and large the same. And as you may have seen in the various 
quarters, with some up and down based on either the seasonality or the impact of festivals, the 
revenue mix goes up a little, or comes down a little in favor of something or the other. But our 
intent is and our view is that it will largely remain constant. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. And the revenue share from the own brands, the thought remains the same that it should 
be near these levels? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, our endeavor would be to keep increasing it, but at a pace, which is obviously much slower 
than what we had when the revenue contribution was, let's say, 30%, 40%, 50% simply because 
of the fact that now the private brands contribute 74%-75% to our revenue. So, our endeavor is 
to make sure that it keeps going up, even if it is at a smaller pace, lesser pace. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. My second question is on capex. You alluded capex on supply chain and there will 
be capex on store as well. Could you just help us with some clarity on how much should we look 
forward that you will be spending on each of these categories in FY26 and FY27? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, Prerna, my apologies. I won't be able to share any specific numbers with you, but the general 
principle and what we are proposing to do as a plan, I articulated in response to an earlier 
question. And if you wish for me to repeat that, I'm very happy to do that. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
No, not required to repeat the earlier ones. No problem. If you cannot give me a number, no 
problem. Third question on our ESOP expenses. They have been coming down. Do you think 
that they will come down further with time or this is the expense that will continue for some 
time, given the layout in the system? Just wanted to understand the ESOP expense, since you've 
been categorically mentioning about it in the presentation. 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, as you know, it's impossible to be totally accurate on that one, because we have employees 
who get promoted and new employees who come and who are entitled to ESOPs, etc. But to 
give some colour to you on your question, I can invite Amit to speak on that in a more generic 
sense. Amit, all yours. 
Amit Gupta: 
So, Prerna, as you heard from GK, as far as the existing cost is concerned, that will keep coming 
down depending upon the phasing. But as GK also said that we can't comment on the future 
expenses on ESOPs. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, thank you. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations and thanks for the opportunity. On Quick Commerce side, if you can 
give a little more colour about the aspiration, what size of Quick Commerce expanding to various 
geographies and what size of sales we anticipate from – through Quick Commerce overall, and 
how the pricing is different from the in-store and through Quick Store, or if you give - ROCE is 
different because of same capital cost without additional capital cost, we can do business. 
Gunender Kapur: 
Okay. So, I can just give you some colour that we are fully aware of at this moment. Firstly, our 
revenue profile in a town quite directly depends on the number of players in Quick Commerce 
in that particular city. So, I can say it's generally speaking through that where we have less 
number of players, our contribution from Quick Commerce to the overall store revenue is higher. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
So that we have a number of stores now, which are both in small towns and large towns to be 
able to say that. 
Secondly, it's true that our FMCG contribution in Quick Commerce is significantly higher than 
what it is in the stores, right? So, as you know, in the stores, our FMCG contribution is above 
27%, 28%, whereas, in Quick Commerce, not surprisingly, our FMCG contribution is north of 
70%. So, the dominant contribution is from FMCG. 
Thirdly, based on the second point, I can state that our gross margin is, therefore, lower than the 
store gross margin because of the higher contribution of FMCG. 
 
The fourth thing I would tell you is that there is an additional delivery cost associated with 
delivery in Quick Commerce, which is incremental to the store, totally incremental to the store. 
And last but not the least, we are very excited to note that specifically in FMCG, our contribution 
of private brands to our total revenue is higher than what it is in the physical stores. 
 
So, the traction for private brands is even higher amongst our Quick Commerce customers 
compared to what it is in offline retail. So, these are the five things which I can specifically 
mention to you because we have observed that over the last one year. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Great. Has it been calculated, this Quick Commerce sales in SSG growth number, if you can 
clarify? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, our growth has been a very, very strong double digit in terms of SSG in Quick Commerce. 
But all those numbers are included in our overall growth numbers. So, it is just a subset of that. 
It is not incremental to that. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. Last question, sir, in your opening remarks, you stated that we are looking to grow the 
stores, smaller size store in 50,000 kind of a town, Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4. So, if you can give what 
level, I mean, we started pilot and how do we look at, or which geography are we looking and 
how different SKU will it have? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, we have indeed started a fairly, now at this stage with new store additions in that format, a 
fairly extensive pilot. We have nine stores in pilot today in the small format and more number 
of stores would be added this quarter also. And since we are adding stores, I can say that 
obviously, we are feeling more and more confident about that format. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. Will it – thank you. 
Moderator: 
Bharat, I request you to join back the queue, please. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi, GK, Amit and team. Good afternoon. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Gunender Kapur: 
Good afternoon, Percy. 
Percy Panthaki: 
I had a couple of questions. One is on the margin. So, in response to earlier question, you had 
mentioned that the endeavor is to keep the gross margin constant and any further gains you will 
reinvest in the business. My question is that you will get some operating leverage benefits below 
the gross margin. So, will you reinvest that also or that could actually result in some EBITDA 
margin increase going ahead? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, Percy, my comment was specific to gross margins, not to the EBITDA margin. We will 
inevitably with higher growth get the benefit of EBITDA margin improvement in our P&L. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it. Got it. Secondly, just wanted to understand your success on SSSG a little better. You 
have consistently delivered double-digit SSSG in an environment where almost every other 
retailer is struggling for growth. 
 
And also on an absolute basis, if you look at the growth in consumption spends or economy, one 
would expect that a normal SSSG level for any company would be, let's say, a 5% to 7% kind 
of SSSG. And you are clocking clearly above that. So that means that there must be certain 
specific drivers for this high SSSG, which probably remain for a few years but can't remain 
forever. 
 
So, my question is, can you call out what these drivers are, both in absolute terms and what you 
are doing different versus the other retailers? And also, how long of a runway do you have before 
the SSSG normalizes to a mid-single-digit kind of a level? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Well, the last part of your question is something which I would hope that it doesn't happen. And 
at least it doesn't happen in the time frame that we can speak about Percy. So let me answer that 
first because as you know, organized retail is a very small part of the total consumption in the 
country. The dominant consumption is still with mom-and-pop stores.  
And the second piece is that there are a very significant number of Indians who are still not a 
consuming class. They are still out of the consumption bracket. And so that scenario is something 
that we are not building into our plans just as yet, given the opportunity for growth. 
In response to your other question, what is it that we are doing? Let me add some specificity to 
that so that it's helpful. See our same-store sales growth is driven by three factors. And I can tell 
you relatively how they are playing out at the moment. One is new customers and customers 
who are buying more number of items, which leads to volume growth. You would notice that a 
very large part of our growth today is coming from volume growth, right. So, it's driven by 
volume growth. 
 
The second part of our growth would come from people who are upgrading to higher price 
points. As I mentioned in my earlier comments, that we are specifically adding significantly 
more fashionable or better merchandise beyond the highest price point that we have currently 
across the board to facilitate the upgradation of our customers to higher price point and better 
products. So, we are seeing some significantly smaller impact of that, also in our growth. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
And the third element could be the upgradation from either mom-and-pop stores or indeed from 
folks who are not even in the consuming class at the moment. And I have during the last 45 
minutes or so, underlined the fact that our commitment to competitiveness and relevance of 
opening price points would not get diluted. And both that commitment and investment in pricing 
is to drive or to facilitate people from upgrading to Vishal from either mom-and-pop stores or 
not even from the consumer.  
So that's the sort of framework, Percy. And I've added some colour to that vis-à-vis the current 
context to provide a comprehensive response to your question. 
Percy Panthaki:  
Got it, got it. Can I squeeze in one more quick question? 
Gunender Kapur: 
It's the lady's decision. I'm not the one who decides, Percy. Of course, Percy, you can ask. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Yes, okay. So, are we, I mean, is the board or anyone actively looking for your successor, GK, 
or that is still a few quarters away, that process? 
Gunender Kapur: 
See, let me answer the second part first. My sense is that I'm going to be here for foreseeable 
future and it will entirely depend on the decision of the board, obviously. But I can, from my 
side, give you reassurance that I wish to be around. So, there is no, but the time plan is something 
which the board decides and it's entirely the board's decision.  
My commitment more means that I will continue to support this company in whichever way I 
can into the future. So that is my view. The second thing I would say is that I think the board is 
continuously looking for possible potential successors, both from outside and inside the 
company. That is a process which a board follows all the time. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it. Thanks. Thanks for all your answers. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we'll take that as the last question for 
today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gunender Kapur for closing comments. Over to 
you, sir. 
Gunender Kapur 
Well, once again, thank you very much, everyone, for being interested in Vishal and 
participating in this call. I deeply appreciate that. And I wish you all the very best because, to 
you and your families, because I'm aware of the fact that I could speak and all of us could speak 
only in the next year now. So, my best wishes to you and your loved ones. And once again, thank 
you very much. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Vishal Mega Mart Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
