 
Regd. Office: A-18, First Floor, FIEE Complex Okhla Industrial Area Phase II, New Delhi – 110020 (India). Tel.: +91-11- 41610660 
 
 
 
 
 
   November 10, 2025  
  
Sub: Transcript - GE Vernova T&D India Earnings Conference call with Analysts / Institutional Investors  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and further to our letter dated November 3, 2025, please find enclosed Transcript of earnings conference 
call with analysts/ institutional investors held on November 3, 2025, in respect of Un-audited financial results of the Company 
for the quarter and period ended on September 30, 2025. 
 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
For GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
(Formerly known as GE T&D India Limited) 
 
 
 
 
 
Shweta Mehta  
(Membership No. A18600)  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Contact No.: +91-120-5021500 
The Secretary  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy 
Towers,  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai-400 001 
 
 
Code No. 522275 
The Manager 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol: GVT&D 
 GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
 (Formerly known as GE T&D India Limited)  
 L31102DL1957PLC193993 
Corporate Office: T-5 & T-6, Plot 1-14, Axis    House, Jaypee 
Wishtown, Sector-128, Noida-201304, Uttar Pradesh 
 
T +91 120 5021500 
F +91 120 5021501 
Email id: secretarial.compliance@gevernova.com 
Website: 
https://www.gevernova.com/regions/asia/in/gevernova-td-
india 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
• 
GEVERNOVA 
SHWETA 
MEHTA
Digitally signed by 
SHWETA MEHTA 
Date: 2025.11.10 
17:15:21 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Conference Call” 
November 03, 2025 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANDEEP ZANZARIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER & MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. SUSHIL KUMAR – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. ABHISHEK SRIVASTAVA – HEAD, BUSINESS 
OPERATIONS 
MS. KANIKA ARORA – COMMUNICATIONS LEADER  
MS. SHWETA MEHTA – COMPANY SECRETARY 
MS. MEGHA GUPTA – INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
- 
GE VERNOVA 
• 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Conference Call hosted by GE Vernova 
T&D India Limited for Quarter 2 of Financial Year 2025-'26. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Megha Gupta from GE Vernova T&D India Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Megha. 
Megha Gupta: 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the GE Vernova T&D India Limited earnings call for 
quarter 2 of financial year '25-'26. I'm Megha Gupta from Investor Relations team and I'm joined 
by Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria, CEO and MD of the company; Mr. Sushil Kumar, Whole Time 
Director and CFO of the company; Mr.  Abhishek Srivastava, Head Business- Operations;           
Ms. Kanika Arora, Communications Leader; and Ms. Shweta Mehta. 
 
Before we begin the call, I would like to highlight that today's discussion may contain a few 
forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may 
differ materially from those expressed or implied. Now, I turn the call to Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria 
to initiate the discussion. 
 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Thanks, Megha. Good evening. Welcome, everyone. India’s energy goals—including the 
ambitious target of 500 GW of non-fossil fuel capacity—mean a fundamental redesign of our 
transmission backbone. We expect peak power demand to climb by close to 80% by 2032, 
necessitating an unprecedented expansion of the grid. The outlook for the transmission segment 
remains highly positive, alongside strong prospects for the generation sector. The government is 
planning to add 36 GW of Hydro/PSP storage, 90-100 GW of conventional capacity by 2035 and 
nearly 100 GW of nuclear capacity by 2047. Since transmission is generation-agnostic, it will 
continue to be one of the most stable and growth-oriented segments in the coming years. At the 
heart of this expansion is the necessity for HVDC technology. It is the most efficient and reliable 
way to transport bulk power over long distances, connecting remote renewable energy parks to 
consumption centers, and stabilizing the national grid. 
 
There are significant opportunities emerging in HVDC, STATCOM and digital solutions. These 
areas will play a key role in driving overall growth. On the technology front, digitalisation is a 
major focus. Asset performance management is being positioned as a key differentiator, helping 
customers optimise both Capex and Opex strategies. 
 
With this growth in mind, we are expanding our engineering and manufacturing footprint with 
additional investment of BINR 8 focused on advanced grid technologies. This investment will 
expand our capacities at Vadodra for transformers and reactors. We will install new lines for 
bushings and air core reactors at Hosur. We will also expand capacities for AIS and GIS products 
at Hosur and Padappai. The above capacities will support domestic market as well as exports.  
- 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
This investment of BINR 8 is in addition to the BINR 1.4 announced in May this year.  
Now turning to our financial performance, we had a productive, strong quarter of robust demand, 
significant revenue growth and EBITDA margin expansion.  
Our order book remained strong in Q2, and we saw bookings of INR 16.1 billion, down by 66% 
YoY, compared to INR 46.8 billion in quarter ended Sep’ 24. 
Our Q2 revenues stood at 15.4 billion INR vs 11.1 billion INR in Q2 FY 24-25, up by 39% 
YOY. 
New orders outpaced revenue, further expanding the orders backlog to 131.1 BINR as at Sep'25 
vs 129.6 BINR as at June’25, up by 1% QoQ. 
Our Profit Before Tax & exceptional items for quarter ended Sep 25 was at 4.0 billion INR 
compared to around 1.9 billion INR in the corresponding quarter of the previous financial year, 
growing by more than 2.1x. 
The cash and cash equivalent balance was at 15.2 BINR as on Sep 30, 2025, vs 12.2 BINR as 
June 30, 2025. The cash generated in Q2 was 4.3 BINR before payment of Dividend. 
Overall, urbanisation, rising per capita energy demand, and increasing investments in industries, 
data centres and green hydrogen are creating strong drivers for energy growth. These trends will 
naturally translate into higher demand for transmission infrastructure. Technology will play a 
critical role in strengthening the company’s position among the top transmission players in the 
country. It is indeed an exciting time to be a part of this sector. 
 
On behalf of the leadership team at GE Vernova T&D India, our sincere thanks to our valued 
customers, our dedicated investors, and our exceptional teams.  
 
 I'll now request Abhishek to share the execution highlights. 
Abhishek Srivastava: 
Good evening, everyone. So just like previous quarters, we have been continuously and actively 
delivering our commitment for strengthening the transmission network of the country. In this 
pursuit, some key highlights that we want to share with you all for the last quarter are 400 kV 
substation bays that we commissioned for THDC-Khurja.  
So THDC-Khurja is our thermal power plant of 1.3 gigawatts, which has been fully functional 
now and adding to the power supply demand of the state of U.P. So, the plan was made fully 
commercially operational on 22nd of September, and we partnered with THDC in this journey 
for building up the capacity of electricity generation in the state of U.P. 
 
Another key highlight was 300-megawatt wind power evacuation substation set up for Vivid 
Renewables, in the state of Karnataka. So, this was for the first time we were actively working 
with this company, and we had completed this project in a record time of less than 12 months. 
And now this is fully commissioned and supplying power to the adjoining states and regions.  
- 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Similarly, we have been partnering with other developers and commissioning our products 
predominantly transformers, like for Power Grid in 765 kV Dausa, single phase ICT 500 MVA 
was commissioned, 400 kV station of Kallam, where we commissioned 3 phased shunt reactors 
of 63 MVAr, then PGCIL-Narela 765 kV substation where we had commissioned 110 MVAr 
single phased shunt reactor. 
 
Similarly, we had been partnering with other developers in terms of commissioning and 
supporting them through supply of GIS products. So, we had commissioned successfully 220 
kV GIS for Transglobal at Ganesh Nagar. Similarly, 220 kV GIS for JSL at Jajpur.  
And then at several sites circuit breakers right from 765 kV to 145 kV had been commissioned, 
and we have been actively working and supporting our customers like Godrej, Elecnor, Tata 
projects and Adani. And we remain committed in terms of strengthening the transmission 
network of the country and making it more and more robust to our products and services. Now, 
I hand it over to Sushil to take it forward. 
Sushil Kumar: 
Thanks, Abhishek, and good evening, everyone.  
Turning to financial slides in the investor presentation, overall, we had another strong quarter 
with strong revenue growth, a high EBITDA performance and strong cash generation. Now, we 
maintain a healthy cash and cash equivalents.  
As highlighted by Sandeep earlier, demand remained robust as we booked 16.1 BINR of orders 
compared to 46.8 BINR in Q2 24-25. Our Q2 orders are in line with last year excluding the large 
orders in Q2 24-25. In last year orders, we had booked ~ 31.0 BINR of large orders which 
included a large product order for export and couple of large orders in our software business.  
In this quarter, most of the orders were booked from domestic customers representing ~83% of 
the orders in the quarter. Rest 17% orders were received from customers outside India. 
The orders in this quarter were received from a very diverse set of customers for all categories 
of HV equipment in our portfolio. These included orders for transformers and reactors, GIS and 
AIS equipment, automation products from various utilities, TBCB players and EPCs.  
Our backlog remains healthy at 131 BINR. The solid backlog is >3 times the revenue of last 
financial year (i.e FY 24-25). We are building this backlog in a very disciplined way through 
disciplined underwriting with 97% of the backlog from private customers, central utilities and 
PSUs. The exposure to state utilities is limited to less than 3% of the backlog. Healthy backlog 
gives a strong visibility of long-term growth in our business. 
We had another quarter of strong execution achieving a revenue of 15.3 BINR delivering a 
significant 39% growth on year over year basis. In this quarter about 32% of the revenues was 
generated by execution of export contract whereas 68% of the revenue was generated by 
- 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
execution of domestic contracts backlog. Overall, in first half of this financial year, we achieve 
28.6 BINR of revenue against a growth of 39% on year over year basis  
We reported a strong EBITDA of 25.8% during the quarter representing and EBITDA expansion 
of about 700 basis point over EBITDA in FY 24-25. This significant increase in EBITDA was 
driven by volume, price and productivity.  
Deep diving a bit more about individual components-   
First component volume: As mentioned earlier our volume is up 39% year over year basis. We 
maintain a strong focus and control over fixed costs. With growth in volume, we see the impact 
of favourable operating leverage.  
Second component price: The orders under execution now were booked in last couple of years 
at improved price realization compared to earlier years. These better priced domestic orders 
coupled with high margin export orders are leading to improved gross margin and EBITDA 
performance. 
Third component is productivity: We have been able to execute well through lean delivering on 
time and saving on material and overhead costs.  
Overall, in first half, we delivered EBITDA of 27.3%. We have higher confidence to delivering 
EBITDA in the range of mid 20 in this financial year  
In addition to strong P&L performance, we continued to generate positive cash flow. In H1, we 
generated entire profit after tax of ~5.9 BINR in cash.  
As a result of this positive cash generation, we now have a healthy cash & cash equivalents of 
15.2 BINR with no debt. This cash balance is after returning 1.3BINR to shareholders in the 
form of the dividend in Q2.  
Healthy level of cash balance supported by strong market demand gives us confidence to 
continue to invest in our core business. Today, we also announced ~8.0BINR of additional capex 
to be funded from internal resources in addition to ~2.4 BINR capex. Overall, our capex 
announcements stand at 10.4 BINR  
We can now open for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura India. 
Umesh Raut: 
Congratulations for a very strong set of results. Sir, my first question is on ordering side, 
especially outlook for domestic orders on the base ordering cell for transformers, switchgears 
and circuit breakers. So, how do you see second half panning up as compared to H1 considering 
- 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
that in H1, we have seen challenges with respect to industry for ROW issues or slower tendering. 
So, how do you see outlook in terms of second half? 
 
And second, similarly in case of export market, considering that we have approved proposal of 
closer to INR3,000 crores in terms of ordering from related party, what is the exact update on 
that outlook in the subsequent second half? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Umesh, we have seen some softness in the pipeline. But I'm expecting it to pick up because the 
National Committee of Transmission, has identified multiple projects, and we expect this 
pipeline to be much stronger in the time to come.  
On the RPT side of INR3,000 crores, the group entities were bidding for a large project. So, the 
outcome of that has not yet been finalized. That's why, we have not yet received any order or 
any confirmation, so the opportunities are live still. 
Umesh Raut: 
Got it, sir. Second question is pertaining to the capex announcement of INR8 billion. So, if you 
could quantify the capex in 4 heads that you have mentioned in your presentation. How does 
that is divided in between transformer reactors, Air Core reactors, bushings and GIS and AIS 
products. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Those final details, probably, we will not be able to share. That's why we have shared an overall 
number with the breakup of what all activities we will be doing in the capex. 
Umesh Raut: 
Okay. Got it. And last question is on the data center side. So, for a company what kind of 
opportunity you see in case of data center, which all products we can supply? And are we 
qualified for international orders with respect to data center? If yes, which all geographies where 
you can supply those products for data centers? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
If you see a large data centers which are coming they have substations which will get built from 
220 kV up till 765 kV. So, on receiving of the power, we are qualified for all the products, which 
are there. So, if, for example, there are local EPCs, which are participating, then we support 
them with gas-insulated switchgear, transformer automation system or at times we directly 
participate for the project as well.  
For the international market, definitely we are qualified, but today data center market globally, 
of course, we know that U.S. and all is a big market. But again, U.S. market, as you know, that 
is a dead tank technology market. So there, most of the market is being fed from the U.S. 
factories only. Balance other places also, for example, if there's any opportunity which comes to 
us, we'll be targeting that along with our group companies. 
Umesh Raut: 
Got it. And how much of addressable market we can cater to an overall data center capex? Any 
percentage number here? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
You're talking about the complete data center package? 
- 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Umesh Raut: 
Yes, yes. So, I suppose data center costs at about, say, INR40 crores per megawatt basis, how 
much of that total capex we can address in terms of providing our products and solutions? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
I don't know about that, but if I give you a guidance, typically, a 200-300-megawatt data center 
will have close to about INR75 crores to INR100 crores of opportunity pipeline from our side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Congratulations on a very, very strong result. My first question is, sir, while you have done 
superbly in the first half, is it possible to give some color on the margins in the current order 
book beyond FY '25? And the related question is, are you are you seeing same kind of pricing 
power, what you have done in the new orders? 
Sushil Kumar: 
I think Sandeep mentioned in the earlier call that prices are now kind of stable, neither improving 
nor deteriorating. And in terms of margin, I think we don't give a forward-looking guidance for 
multiple years. But I said earlier in the call that in this financial year, we should be able to deliver 
a margin of around mid-20s in this financial year. 
Mohit Kumar: 
And some colour on the pricing environment, sir, how do you see -- is it similar? Or is it 
changing? or is it worsening or improving compared to last year? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
I would say that it's not improving, at least the prices are not going higher, or I would say, at the 
same level, there is slight pressure on that, but not a substantial one. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood. My second question is, sir, your parent entity has bought JV stake in Prolec, right? 
And do you see any implications of this on our business in India and medium term in terms of 
our offering or to try this for market? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
No. So Prolec is dedicated to North American market. So, we don't see any impact of that 
happening in our geography. 
Mohit Kumar: 
I think reading the transcript, I think it is more about increasing our TAM on the data center side 
by providing power to rack solution. Is that? Have you heard any conversation around that? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Prolec is a transformer manufacturing joint venture. Prolec has nothing to do on low voltage 
side. 
Mohit Kumar: 
So that was the outcome, of course, I was reading the transcript of the global industry 
domination, what is driving this phase capex? Of course, you're doing a large capex compared 
to your current gross block. How much is export as a driver for these investments? Some color 
will be helpful, sir. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
If you really look at the market scenario, the National Transmission plan and our export 
potential, we have decided to go ahead with the Capex. This has been thought over meticulously, 
planned thoroughly, discussed with the Board and then only it has been approved. Going 
- 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
forward, it's very difficult to predict the number which is going to come from export. We expect 
a strong domestic market for which the Capex is being put. 
Also, the capex involves a number of multiple products like air core reactor, bushings, 
transformers and reactors, part of AIS product, GIS product. So, there's multiple products, 
everything will have a different ratio of export and domestic. So, it's not possible to give a 
specific number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. 
Amit Anwani: 
First question is on the capex. So, I just wanted to understand 2 things. One is your current 
capacity utilization. And second, with this capex, including 150 plus 800, what could be the 
possible peak revenue target you would like to achieve in upcoming years? And third, in the 
event of HVDC win, will you be requiring further capex or the current expansions would be 
covering any HVDC wins also? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Thank you, Amit, for asking this question. So different products have different capacity 
utilization, for example, transformer reactors have a pretty high-capacity utilization. But AIS, 
GIS, we still have threshold further up in terms of taking more orders and increasing the 
utilization factor.  
Of course, capex is also like looking into the market, we are also preparing ourselves for the 
future because the implementation of capex is also going to take 2 to 3 years. For HVDC today, 
definitely, we can deliver at least one HVDC order with the existing capacities what we have. 
But we are preparing ourselves because if we look at the HVDC pipeline, that's a pretty strong 
pipeline.  
Regarding peak revenue, peak revenue is a combination of a lot of factors, which include, if you 
win an HVDC then there's a large part, which comes from third-party sources including 
engineering and technology part of it. So, I think difficult to give a number of peak revenues, 
but definitely, if you look at about INR 1,500 crores of quarterly revenue, then we are looking 
at somewhere between INR5,500 crores and INR6,000 crores of annual revenue this year, which 
is again going to be close to about a 35% growth over last year. 
And if you look at our backlog as well, as Sushil said, that it would take last year's order -- the 
backlog and last year revenue were sitting at close to about 3x of the revenue. I think we still 
have a lot of headroom to increase our revenue, and that's what this additional capex is going to 
increase that headroom and let us grow further. 
Amit Anwani: 
Sure. So, second question on the margin. So very strong margins in Q1, Q2. And I can see a lot 
is happening on the cost optimization as you have been highlighting the operational efficiency. 
The other expense was only 10%. Just wanted to understand, and you have guided for some 25 
kind of mid-20 EBITDA margin.  
- 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
So, is there any scope with respect to current factories and more cost optimization? And the 
newer capex, which is coming, would we have a similar kind of advanced facilities that the 
expenses would be controlled, some understanding on how we are able to achieve this so far. 
And is there more headroom with respect to the fixed cost optimization? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Thanks, Amit. So, cost optimization is a journey. I mean in GE, we adopt lean, which means 
continuous improvement over the achievements that we have already secured. So, this is 
something that will continue. And as you see, most of the capex invested into our existing 
facilities, INR8 billion that we announced today is entirely for the existing facility, part of the 
earlier announcement was for separate new facility. 
 
So, considering that we are investing in our existing locations, it is expected to give us more 
operating leverage because we don't plan to have additional fixed costs. And in the earlier 
questions Sandeep answered that we are growing at 39% - 40% of the revenue. And in future, 
when further revenue comes with this capex plus HVDC win and so on. So of course, there will 
be an operating leverage from now onwards as well. 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. So, my final question on the order inflow, H1 saw roughly about INR3,200-odd crores, 
and export is about INR500-odd crores, which is obviously relatively lower since we had very 
strong intake in H1 last year. But then our spread for H2 is quite high. So, I wanted to understand 
are we eyeing very strong finalizations as you highlighted that National Committee on 
Transmission has a very strong pipeline? 
Just wanted to understand some colour because we had a very strong intake FY '25 and H1 
indicates H2 should be very, very strong in terms of inflows to continue the momentum? And 
second, colour on HVDC order status, South Kalamb and South Olepad the value and the nature. 
Are we bidding together with someone or some colour if you would like to give there, that would 
be helpful? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
South Olepad order is very much active. However, we'll not be able to give any other further 
details on that, neither on the value nor on the participation part of it because the bids are under 
evaluation. So, for the second project, which is Barmer to South Kalamb, we expect the tender 
for the developers to come next quarter. So that's the next year order what we expect based on 
the finalization schedule what do we see today. For H2, we are looking at a decent pipeline, last 
year when we had participated and when we have delivered a very strong order number, it had 
2 large orders which was the related party transaction order, which was close to about INR2,200 
crores and then a few digital orders put together.  
So, excluding that, we booked order close to, about INR7,000 crores. And we are looking at 
repeating that, that is the target of the team to repeat at least a similar number of order intake. 
That will also give us growth in the order backlog by more than like INR1000 to INR1,500 
crores. 
- 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Amit Anwani: 
If I can squeeze the capacity expansion, anything in mind with respect to exports also while 
setting up this new capex, sir? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So, when we are setting up the plant, of course, we look at the market, we look both at the 
domestic market as well as the export market. But eventually, the capacities will go where we 
get the most optimized return on the capex. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. 
Nitin Arora: 
The first question just on the pipeline part. Are you also seeing some refurbishment pipelines 
also coming with respect to HVDC existing lines or HVDC lines relating to system upgrade 
involved? If yes, how big is this opportunity according to you? 
 
And second, how we should think about this related party of INR3,000 crores? You think the 
order finalization should happen by Q4 is what you are eyeing? Or will it happen once this capex 
gets completed? How should one think about that? That's my first question. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Thank you, Nitin. Yes, there is a market for HVDC and HVAC refurbishment. But the numbers 
are not that big to make a substantial impact on the order intake. The customers take a pretty 
long time in finalizing and making a decision. And HVAC, for example, today, we see a few 
opportunities which are coming in pockets, but that's not a very big business today. 
 
As far as the RPT of INR3,000 crores order intake, of course, a large part of it is dependent upon 
the customer decision-making process, that in any way is not linked to the capex  because if it 
would have been linked to the capex, we would have first taken a capex approval and then we 
would have gone for the RPT approval. But that if you look at that capex approval -- if you look 
at the RPT approval, the RPT very clearly said that these deliveries are like up till 5 years. So 
that's a pretty long cycle what we have. 
Sushil Kumar: 
We expect the decision by Q4 in the current scenario, however, it may change depending on the 
customer's plan. 
Nitin Arora: 
Okay. Got it. That's very helpful. And second, with respect to you saying that the pipeline are 
increasing only, opportunity increasing only. So, you have already bids coming in now going 
ahead for Q4. Sorry for asking a short-term question. Just to understand that there is nothing 
which has lost out there.  
And lastly, we've been following you for a long now. So you have been articulating so far no 
pricing pressure because despite capacity catching up because opportunity size is increasing and 
order pipeline is increasing a lot. For example, when you said one HVDC how much capacity 
gets booked for a transformer companies across if one HVDC gets rolled out. 
 
So how one should think going in next year, next 2 years, I know I'm asking something a little 
longer expected. But do you think opportunity size will be huge enough where you see growth 
at least for the next 2, 3 years for the sector to remain pretty strong, and that's where it should 
- 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
not -- I mean, obviously, you're such a healthy margin company, 50, 100 basis points doesn't 
matter here and there. But generally, a sense how one should look at it. So, these 2 aspects and 
just a short-term question on the momentum in ordering and on the pricing growth for the next 
year. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So, Nitin, there was a slight lull, but now I think we're seeing again a pickup which is happening. 
It's not a major one, but at least there is an uptick, which is happening in the pipeline for the 
TBCB. When you're looking at capacities, the capacities are not getting added on immediate 
basis. The capex which has been announced like 3 years, most of the capacities we expect to 
come in 2 years plus or 3 years' time. And today, a large part of the order intake, what we take, 
what we do is like a 24-month cycle. 
 
That is maximum, what is it, 24 to 27 months or 30 months. So, what you're saying is right, we 
will see some impact in the next year pipeline and because next year, there will be an additional 
impact of new capacities coming in like 2 years' time. But if the pipeline remains healthy and 
more HVDC or more TBCB gets decided, it is going to offset between the pipeline and the 
additional capacity. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Subhadip Mitra from Nuvama Wealth Management. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Many congratulations on an excellent set of numbers. Just wanted to understand that with an 
order book, which has an export mix of 35%, and we understand that export bit tends to have 
superior margins. Do we see an annualized export mix in sales remaining around the 30%, 35% 
mark? And in the same win, can we then assume mid-20s kind of an EBITDA margin could be 
the new normal? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Subhadip, yes, you're right that our backlog has about 30% to 35% of export mix. And on the 
long term, we expect that revenue execution should be also in the same proportion, where exports 
will be around 30% to 35% of revenue. This quarter, it was 32%. We are now doing mid-20s 
kind of EBIDTA. The endeavour of the management is to maintain a healthy margin. 
 
As Sandeep answered that a typical backlog execution cycle is 18 to 27 months. We already 
have a backlog for the next 2 years with us. So hopefully, we should be able to maintain the 
EBITDA margin above 20%. Now our focus is to look beyond EBITDA as a percentage and 
look at more EBITDA as a number. So, as we grow our revenue at 39%, 40%, while the EBITDA 
may be slightly lower than what we are delivering today, but in value terms, the EBITDA will 
be higher. 
 
This quarter also, if you see the EBITDA percentage is lower than the previous quarter, but 
EBITDA number is higher than the previous quarter. So that is the effort of the management and 
with the additional capex, the operating leverage that we earlier talked about, plus counting on 
the HVDC to come at some point of time, the overall EBITDA as a value will be more focus for 
us. 
- 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Understood. So, if I understand you correctly, you are endeavouring to keep the EBITDA above 
the 20% mark. So probably somewhere between 20% to 25% is where you would want to keep 
the EBITDA number. 
Sushil Kumar: 
So, I'll more focus on EBITDA as a value. I think percentage, as I said, becomes less relevant as 
the volumes keep growing at a higher pace. But yes, our endeavour will be to remain at a healthy 
margin, not giving a specific number, but will remain healthy. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Understood. Lastly, I just wanted to understand that do you see an HVDC pipeline panning out 
beyond the current 2 which are getting into bidding. So, beyond the South Olepad project and 
the Barmer project, do we see maybe another 2 HVDCs coming up for next year, maybe the 
Lakhadia Alpheta project or the Bikaner project? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Yes, sure, we see that at least 2 projects more in pipeline after the Barmer. And then maybe in a 
shorter time after the Barmer once gets floated. So maybe one is Lakadia and it's going to be 
from Rajasthan only the next 2 projects. 
Moderator: 
Question is from the line of Deepak Pandey from Sagun Capital. 
Deepak Pandey: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Just wanted to understand the market size of GIS in India 
and what sort of demand are you seeing domestically and in exports? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
We'll not be able to give you the market size of the GIS offhand because GIS comes in 2 ways 
that one, it is a part of a project and then a lot of loose opportunities as well. But there is a robust 
demand for GIS opportunities because of the space limitations and also issues at places like, for 
example, if you go to places like Khavda and all where the environmental conditions are so harsh 
that you cannot put in AIS products.  
So, there are multiple factors which are today driving the demand of GIS product. On the export 
market as well, we are seeing a much higher traction of GIS happening, including the European 
countries, etc. And of course, for global market, it depends upon market to market. So, it is very 
difficult to give overall number for an export market opportunity for GIS. 
Deepak Pandey: 
Got it, sir. And sir, secondly, on the same lines, what percentage of your GIS system BOM is 
currently being imported versus locally sourced? Is there a number to it that you can provide? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
It depends upon different voltage to voltage. So, for example, 145 kV is more localized, 765 kV 
there's still a process of localization going on. So, it would be like between, on the minimum 
side, it would be like 55%, 60%. On the higher side, it could be like 75% plus. 
Deepak Pandey: 
75% local only? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sameer Thakur from Ambit Capital. 
- 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Sameer Thakur: 
I have just one. I just wanted to say, what is the current capacity which you have for transformers 
-- for power transfers in MVA terms, if you can disclose? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So Sameer, that's what I keep on saying that the capacity in transformers in MVA is a very 
different thing because for example, an HVDC transformer, you might have 500 MVA or 400 
MVA HVDC transformer. But if you compare it with an equivalent AC transformer, it might be 
like a 1,200 MVA or a 1,500 MVA. But if you look at the rating play, it is only 400 MVA. Same 
thing happens with STATCOM transformers, same thing happens with 3 Phase transformers. 
And then, of course, reactor is a different volume. 
 
For a 3-phase 500 MVA, it's a different revenue realization and the number of hours is different 
than a 500 MVA 765 kV single phase, which is much easier to build. So that is what I keep on 
saying that MVA is not the real metrics of tracking a transformer factory. It is more a 
combination of ratings, which make the revenue mix rather than in MVA capacity. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Capital. 
Renu Baid: 
Sir, my question would be while you've seen multiple cycles. And obviously, this cycle has been 
pretty kind after a very deep-down cycle. In your view, this 20%-plus kind of margin range that 
one may try and endeavour to maintain. How long can the pricing or demand supply mismatch 
sustain in the market in your view? Last cycle, it was for about 12, 18 months, the peak 
profiteering phase. This cycle in your view, could it be like 2 years, 3 years? How long could it 
continue? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So Renu, what Sushil said that we are not giving a guidance and the endeavour of the 
management is not to look at now at a 20% or a percentage margin, but it is more like to grow 
the revenue and then to see what is the absolute delivery of margin, what we are able to achieve 
on a higher revenue. 
Renu Baid: 
So, my question was also from an industry perspective, not just from the Vernova T&D, but 
many other peers also in similar range. So, any comment from an industry perspective of this 
peak margin profile on the pricing side? Is it now almost peaked out, will taper down in the next 
few quarters or the parting may long much longer than what one is expecting? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So, it's difficult to comment, but there are a few factors which let me tell you, Renu, this is what 
I feel. Pricing up is like difficult now, like other capacities are coming not today, but at least 
maybe in 2 years down the line and from next year onwards, there will be more capacities 
coming in. So, it's also going to depend upon the demand, which is going to come into the 
market. But looking into the government plan of multiple HVDC projects and then also looking 
at offshore wind, if you are also looking at 36 gigawatts of PSPs, if you look at data centers. So 
there are various factors. 
 
On the demand side, I don't see a slowdown happening like in the previous cycles in a very fast 
fashion. My assessment is that this time, the demand is going to last much longer. So obviously, 
- 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
I'm not saying that we've reached the peak, but I don't see a very high growth of percentage 
margins happening, not only -- I'm talking about the industry, I'm not talking about GE Vernova 
T&D... 
Renu Baid: 
Second, in terms of would you have any pipeline of projects internationally, where we are 
supporting the parent on the HVDC or other project side? Any material large ticket size projects, 
which you can highlight? Anything notable? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
We had taken an approval of about INR3,000 crores for a RPT, which is yet to be decided, that 
was taken in our AGM. That is what the information, which is available in the public domain. 
And if there is any other opportunity which will come, we'll go through RPT process where all 
the shareholders are informed at the same time. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it. Got it. And lastly, while I guess there is discussion on the HVDC and other projects. So 
far, we have not been able to successfully get any project at a reasonable price. You think with 
few more LCC in pipeline, GE should now be at an advantage to what we secure 1 or 2 of them, 
given the other peers are already reasonably full of projects in their books? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So, Renu, that's the commercial strategy. So, it's very difficult now to make a prediction that is 
what's going to happen in future on the HVDC decision-making. But I can just say which we 
have been saying that HVDC is a focus area for our growth something which we have been 
maintaining, and we keep on stressing on this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sandeep, congratulations on a great quarter, sir. So, my first question is that the capex, which 
you have announced, that's almost, including the old ones, totalled to almost $120 million, 
INR1,040 crores based. So, I think last time, the global capex, which was announced was $600 
million, and out of that $20 million was in Grid Solutions.  
So, I just wanted to understand, I mean, especially in Asia, so where we have other factories in 
China and Japan and the quantum of capex announced for India seems to be very, very high after 
many years. So, is there any thought that for Asia at least and part of Europe, India may become 
a manufacturing hub for the parent company? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So Parikshit, in the various calls, we have been saying that today, because of the global demand 
for the electrification or for the energy transition, there are a lot of boundaries which are broken, 
not only buyers, but customers are also accepting the factories from India.  
So, it's not that we are looking at India becoming a declared hub or this thing for Asia and all, 
we will see the opportunities coming. For example, if I get a better opportunity in domestic 
market, why I will go for export. But as we have said that export normally gives a few 
percentages higher margins, so we'll still maintain a mix between export and domestic market. 
- 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So again, related to that, sir, I mean, earlier, you highlighted that domestic maybe the prices have 
stabilized. So now in the export market versus last quarter, the RPTs which you have signed and 
the ones you announced in the AGM or other which you are evaluating. is there any positive 
delta or any comment on the pricing on the export market side? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
No, Export market is difficult to comment because it comes from different geographies, where 
you have different competitions, and export cannot be put in a block of a pricing strategy like 
the domestic is being done. In domestic also, for example, State Electricity Board is different 
and Central Utilities is different and like, for example, private customers are different. So, like 
there is no set rule for that. 
 
So similarly for exports, when we have different countries which are there, it's very difficult to 
put like a block saying that, okay, this is going to be the export percentage or export margin 
percentage. Australia might be different, Japan might be different, Africa might be different, 
Bangladesh might be different. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Just the last question is around this. After this India capex, which happened, will it imply that 
India will become the largest factory, at least in Asia compared to Japan and China? And also if 
you can comment the product acceptability in Asia and other geographies from India. So, has it 
improved over the last 2, 3 years because we have seen the rise in the export opportunity even 
in the RPTs? So, the product acceptability also if you can comment. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So, I'll say that, again, as I've been maintaining, so even without the capex, we have one of the 
largest facilities in Asia. Regarding when you talk about the acceptability in Asia and all, as we 
have said in the past, for example, certain countries have a different voltage. For example, a 
country has a 362 kV or a 500 kV, that is not an Indian voltage is what gets produced in India.  
So that is different for a different country. For example, wherever there is a 400 kV or 245 kV, 
definitely, it is going to go. It's not something where, as example, we become the sole source for 
Asia, but there are different factors which make a decision like the voltage rating, the delivery 
cycle, a lot of other factors, which helps decide that specific opportunity to be targeted from 
which factory. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. And sir, any dedicated line being transferred to us in this capex, I mean, have we won any 
mandates or just for global manufacturing from here? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So, there's nothing like a global line which has been put for, like a line which has been put for a 
dedicated global application and all, there's nothing like that. It's purely as we have declared in 
our press release or the presentation, it's a flexible thing depending upon the opportunity, the 
expanded capacity can be used for domestic market, can be used for exports, either or both. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura India. 
- 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Umesh Raut: 
So, my question is on power stability solutions side, especially on STATCOM. You have earlier 
mentioned about closer to 20, 25 projects on STATCOM side closer to $1 billion to be awarded 
in next couple of years. So where exactly we are currently? And is there any delay in terms of 
transmission from STATCOM opportunity in terms of new orders? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So, Umesh, there is presently a slowdown at least in the STATCOM opportunities. But I think 
next year, we expect them to bounce back, and we'll have much more opportunities of 
STATCOM. This year has been a lull for STATCOM opportunities. 
Umesh Raut: 
Got it, sir. And second, sir, if I look at, say, strategy-wise, parent has also product offering 
towards grid scale energy storage side. So, in future, in medium term, do we expect to launch 
any products on those side? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
We are not planning anything on that side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayur Patel from 360 ONE Asset Management. 
Mayur Patel: 
So, most of the things got covered. You said there was a lull in demand for a while. That was 
related to the Indian market or the export market or both markets? That's question number one. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
That was in the domestic market. 
Mayur Patel: 
Okay. And sir, second thing is in addition to what you said the pipeline is such that you can end 
up having the same base order inflow like the last year, excluding the lumpy ones, is it fair to 
say, in addition to that, the pipeline also includes the HVDC, one HVDC this year, which you 
said is under evaluation, and there could be more lumpy orders in export and Indian markets? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Mayur, whatever question you had asked till now, I will answer that. So, we have taken an RPT 
approval for INR3,000 crores. So, if GE Vernova wins that project, then definitely, we will have 
that opportunity coming. –The global endeavour is to take the order before Q4. And if we are 
able to do that, then of course, that's a big order which is going to come in. And as we said that 
there is one HVDC, which is under discussion or under finalization. If we are able to win that, 
then that will be over and above what number we are talking. 
Mayur Patel: 
Sure. Perfect, sir. And just one more, if I can squeeze in. Data center is going to be a huge 
opportunity unfolding in the Indian market itself based on just the 3, 4 public announcements, 
which we have seen. Do you expect FY '27 to be a year of some material inflows from data 
center as a segment for you? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Yes. So today also, we get orders, but you are right that it is not large part of backlog because 
the number of data centers is not as significant as in U.S. and all. We get orders, but not as 
significant like a percentage of our overall order intake. It is pretty small. 
- 
GEVERNOVA 

 
 
 
 
GE Vernova T&D India Limited 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
But I expect that I think with the recent announcement, India story of data center is going to 
become much bigger and bigger. And you are right, we expect '27, '28 to be a much bigger story 
for data centers. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Ms. Megha Gupta for closing comments. 
Megha Gupta: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We hope the insights provided by our speakers 
have been informative and valuable to you. We value the trust and support of our investors and 
analysts and ensure to remain committed to maintain transparent communication and fostering 
strong relationships. If you have any further questions or require additional information, please 
do not hesitate to reach out to me or our communication leader. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of GE Vernova T&D India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
- 
GEVERNOVA 
