 
13th November, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,Fort 
Mumbai - 400001 
Script Code: 540061 
ISIN :INE412U01025 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, BLOCK G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol: BIGBLOC 
ISIN : INE412U01025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call for Q2 H1 FY26 financial results held on 10th 
November 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 we hereby enclose the transcript of the Earnings 
conference call held on Monday, 10th November, 2025 to discuss on Q2 H1 FY25-26 
results and business outlook of the Company. 
 
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company: 
www.bigbloc.in  
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For BIGBLOC CONSTRUCTION LIMITED, 
 
 
 
Pooja Gurnani 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
POOJA 
GURNANI
Digitally signed by 
POOJA GURNANI 
Date: 2025.11.13 
11:49:14 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 4 
 
 
  
“Bigbloc Construction Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY 26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 10, 2025 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MOHIT SABOO – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BIGBLOC CONSTRUCTION LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Bigbloc Construction Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 2 of 4 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Bigbloc Construction Q2 and H1 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing (*) then (0) 
on your touch-tone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit 
Saboo. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mohit Saboo: 
Hello. Good afternoon, everyone. It is my pleasure to welcome you all to Bigbloc Construction 
Limited Earnings Conference Call for the Q2 & H1 FY26 ended September 30, 2025. Thank 
you for joining us today. 
 
I'll take you through our financial and operational performance for the Q2 & H1 FY26, followed 
by key business updates. During the quarter, business conditions showed gradual improvement 
despite a prolonged monsoon that impacted construction activity across some regions. As 
demand picked up towards the end of the quarter, we witnessed a steady recovery in volumes. 
 
The positive momentum combined with improved capacity utilization supported our overall 
performance for the quarter. For Q2 FY26, consolidated revenue from operations was Rs. 673 
million, reflecting a growth of 30.3% compared to the same period last year and 19.5% 
sequentially. The improvement was largely driven by higher sales volume, which increased 
43.7% Y-o-Y and 18.3% Q-o-Q to 198,555 cubic meters. 
 
For the first half of FY26 revenue from operations was Rs. 1,237 million, a growth of 19.8% 
over the corresponding period of last year. On the profitability front, EBITDA for Q2 FY26 was 
Rs. 19 million with a margin of 2.8%, while for H1 FY26 EBITDA was Rs. 32 million with a 
margin of 2.6%. The sequential improvement in margins was driven by better capacity 
utilization and stable input cost. 
 
The company continues to focus on optimizing logistics and improving process efficiency to 
enhance profitability. From an operational standpoint, overall capacity utilization improved to 
62% in Q2 FY26 compared to 53% in the previous quarter. The improvement was broad-based, 
reflecting higher activity levels across subsidiaries. 
 
At our joint ventures SIAM Cement BigBloc Construction Technologies, utilization for AAC 
wall panels increased to 43% from 36% in the preceding quarter. The wall panel business 
continues to gain traction as acceptance of large format walling solutions grows among 
developers and contractors. 
 
On the strategic front, the company remains focused on ramping up utilization levels across 
facilities and scaling its AAC wall panel operations. The upcoming commissioning of the 
construction chemicals facility at Umargaon in the second half of FY26 will further diversify 
the product portfolio and strengthen Bigbloc's position as an integrated building materials 
company. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Bigbloc Construction Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 3 of 4 
 
 
Furthermore, renewable energy continues to play an increasingly important role in our 
operations. At SIAM Cement BigBloc Construction Technologies, nearly 50% of the power 
requirements are now being met through solar energy. This initiative aligns with our long-term 
focus on reducing dependence on conventional energy and enhancing the environmental 
sustainability of our businesses. At the industry level, construction activity is expected to 
strengthen in the second half of FY26, supported by the government's focus on affordable 
housing and infrastructure development. 
 
The recent modernization in input prices and improvement in liquidity across the real estate 
sector are also expected to weigh demand for AAC blocks and wall panels. Looking ahead, our 
priorities remain centered on improving capacity utilization, increasing adoption of AAC wall 
panels and expanding our product portfolio with construction chemicals. 
 
With the demand trends turning favorable post monsoon, we are confident of delivering an 
improved performance in the coming quarter. With that, I conclude my remarks. And now we 
can open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Deepam Gala, who is an Investor. 
Please go ahead.  
Deepam Gala: 
Congratulations on the good set of revenue growth. I just wanted to know that how is the Gujarat 
market performing for us? Like can you give me the numbers for H1 for StarBigBloc? 
Mohit Saboo: 
So, you need specific numbers for StarBigBloc? 
Deepam Gala: 
Yes. 
Mohit Saboo: 
Given the capacity utilization for the StarBigBloc plant, which was at 90% in Q2 of FY26. 
Deepam Gala: 
Okay. And how has that performed revenue-wise? 
Mohit Saboo: 
So, revenue-wise on a Q-o-Q basis, it has been improving and 90% is sort of an optimum 
utilization for the StarBigBloc plant. 
Deepam Gala: 
Okay. And what is the realization that we are getting as of now in the market? 
Mohit Saboo: 
So average realization has been quite similar with a variation of just around 1% to 2% from Q1, 
which has improved in Q2 as compared to Q1. And generally, post Diwali in Q3 and Q4, the 
realizations can further improve. That's what we are targeting. 
Deepam Gala: 
Okay. And lastly, how much is our logistics cost coming roughly? 
Mohit Saboo: 
So, logistics cost is in the range of approximately 12% to 20% of our turnover for the outward 
transportation, which varies from region to region and from location to location in the territory 
where we are operating. 
Deepam Gala: 
So with the new plants coming up like in Madhya Pradesh and all, we are expecting it to go 
down or we are further going to cater new markets? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Bigbloc Construction Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 4 of 4 
 
Mohit Saboo: 
So, with a new plant in MP, which we are planning to start soon, we will be reducing some 
logistic cost as some transports which we are doing from the existing StarBigBloc plant to MP, 
they'll be saving on the logistics cost. And at the same point of time, we'll be also penetrating 
newer markets with newer territories when we start the MP plant. 
Deepam Gala: 
So, when will we be able to see a margin expansion or it will remain at the same level more or 
less? 
Mohit Saboo: 
So, that plant will still take some time before we begin commercial operations. So it's too early 
to comment on the margin expansion for that location. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit 
Saboo for the closing comments. 
Mohit Saboo: 
Thank you all for taking the time to join us today and for your continued interest in Bigbloc 
Construction. As we continue to navigate opportunities ahead, we remain committed to 
delivering consistent growth and value in the coming quarters. As always, if you have any further 
questions, please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations advisor, Churchgate Partners, 
and we'll be happy to address your queries. Thank you once again. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Bigbloc Construction, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
