 
 
14 November 2025  
  
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 524669 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Symbol: HESTERBIO 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam: 
 
Subject:  Transcripts of earnings conference call held on 12 November 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, enclosed is the transcript of the earnings conference call held by the management 
of the Company with all the investors over the telephone call on Wednesday, 12 November 2025 at 
2:00 p.m. (IST) to discuss the financial results for the for the quarter and six months period ended 30 
September 2025. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Sincerely 
For Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
 
 
Vinod Mali 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Vinod 
Mali
Digitally signed 
by Vinod Mali 
Date: 
2025.11.14 
16:58:01 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
“Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
Q2/H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
12 November 2025 
 
 
 
.
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJIV GANDHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MS. PRIYA GANDHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – HESTER 
BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. ASHISH DESAI – GROUP FINANCE CONTROLLER - 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. DIVYESH MARU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. NISHA SHETTY – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
12 November 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Hester Biosciences Q2 H1 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nisha Shetty from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Nisha Shetty: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I 
welcome you all on Q2 and H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Hester 
Biosciences. And I thank the Hester Biosciences management team for giving 
us this opportunity to host this call. Today, on this call, we have with us Mr. 
Rajiv Gandhi, CEO and Managing Director; Ms. Priya Gandhi, Executive 
Director; Mr. Ashish Desai, Group Finance Controller; and Mr. Divyesh Maru, 
CFO, India. 
I will now hand over the call to the Hester management team for their opening 
remarks. Thank you. Over to you, ma'am. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Good afternoon, everybody. This is Rajiv Gandhi. As always, it's been nice to 
take this call and to interact with all of you. I now pass it on to Priya Gandhi 
to take the proceedings further. 
Priya Gandhi: 
Good afternoon, everyone. This is Priya Gandhi. Thank you all for joining us 
on this investor call for Hester's Q2 and H1 FY26 results. As always, we really 
appreciate your continued interest and belief in our journey, one that's built 
on science, purpose and long-term value creation. 
 
The first half of FY26 has been a mixed period for us, marked by a weaker 
performance in our India business, but a stronger profitability at a consolidated 
level, supported by various internal plus external reasons. Internal reasons 
being improved cost control and stability in our overall operations. 
 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
12 November 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
 
Coming to our stand-alone business. Our standalone divisional product sales 
for Q2 stood at INR64 crores, making a 12% decline over the same quarter 
last year. For H1 FY26, the sales were at INR128 crores, also down by 13%. 
Profitability was impacted correspondingly with EBITDA NPAT declining by 
13% and 15%, respectively, on an H1 basis.  
While the overall top line was subdued, we've kept our focus on protecting 
margins through process standardization, efficient manpower deployment and 
a more balanced product mix. These measures are not a short-term fix, but a 
part of our sustained effort to make Hester structurally stronger and less 
dependent on any external variability. 
 
On the capital front, many of you have asked about our INR182 crore capital 
work in progress at our India plant. We expect this to be fully capitalized by 
March, post which the plant will start contributing meaningfully to our future 
growth. Over the next few years, we expect this facility to be a key growth 
driver, enabling a significant scale-up in our vaccine production. 
 
Coming on to our divisional performances. The Poultry Healthcare division 
remained to be on a positive trajectory, recording an 18% growth in Q2 and 
10% growth in H1. This growth was largely a volume led, supported by strong 
demand for our core strength, vaccine. We also achieved a significant 
regulatory milestone this quarter wherein we received the market authorization 
for our H9N2 vaccine.  
This vaccine is not only important scientifically but also commercially as it 
strengthens our poultry vaccine portfolio and opened export opportunities 
across regions where avian influenza preparedness is a growing priority. Apart 
from the vaccine itself, we are trying to bring a holistic solution by addressing 
bird immunity and farm biosecurity, together by launching Healthcare 
Solutions to complement our vaccine for better performance. This will be 
launched in this quarter.  
To answer a question we received in advance, sales of avian influenza vaccine 
are expected to begin post-receipt of our manufacturing license, which we 
anticipate by December. Export sales will follow soon after, supported by clear 
regulatory pathway we've now achieved in India. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
12 November 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
 
Coming on to the Animal Healthcare division. We saw a 50% degrowth in Q2 
and a 41% decline in H1, largely due to the delay in the government-led 
immunization program for PPR and Lumpy Skin Disease. These programs have 
experienced lower rollout across several states, but we anticipate the pickup 
in the activity in the large part of the year, particularly in Q4 as execution time 
lines normalize. Importantly, this is a timing-related delay and not a demand 
issue. And we continue to see our readiness to cater to this rollout once it 
begins. 
 
Meanwhile, the therapeutic and nutritional segment have remained steady, 
helping maintain customer engagement and market presence. We've also 
received questions about the large animal and dairy segment, particularly 
about the opportunities and challenges that we are seeing.  
The Lumpy Skin Disease outbreak in 2022 did cause temporary disruptions in 
the productivity and overall industry dynamics. But the sector continues to 
grow at around 5 - 6% annually. We are focused on introducing targeted 
solutions in both vaccines and health products that help address post-outbreak 
challenges and productivity gaps in the dairy sector. 
 
In Pet Care, our efforts to build a presence in key urban markets are continuing 
steadily. We're seeing better engagement from veterinarians and distributors, 
and we expect this to translate into measurable growth over the next few 
quarters. A question we often get is about the vaccine manufacturing for pets 
when sales might begin whether existing facilities can be leveraged.  
We plan to introduce Pet vaccines in India and Africa using our existing facilities 
without any major additional capex. At this stage, we are also exploring 
potential licensing opportunities ahead of establishing a dedicated 
manufacturing setup. While it's early to share time line, the groundwork is 
already in motion. 
 
On the international front, our consolidated division product sales stood at 
INR155 crores, marking a 7% degrowth over the previous year, with a net 
profit up by 99% primarily due to favourable forex, foreign exchange 
movements. Central Africa continued to deliver a positive momentum, 
recording a net profit of INR4.8 crores in Q2 and INR10.32 crores in H1 on a 
top line of INR6 crores and INR23 crores, respectively.  

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
12 November 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
The turnaround that began earlier this year has helped supported by stable 
operations at our Tanzania plant and stronger execution discipline.  
We've also marked an important collaborative initiative with GALVmed, which 
is the GALVmed-led VITAL program, which stands for veterinary, innovation, 
transforming, animal health and livelihood. This program aims to increase 
vaccine access and adoption for ruminant diseases across Africa.  
Hester's participation covers Tanzania, Kenya and Nigeria and reinforces our 
role as a regional partner in improving animal health and livelihood. We remain 
on track to achieve breakeven in our Africa operations by FY'28 as mentioned 
earlier. The overall environment in Africa remains uneven due to political and 
delays in institutional orders, but our long-term positioning in the continent 
continues to strengthen over time. 
 
Coming to Hester Nepal. Hester Nepal reported a net loss of INR1.1 crores in 
Q2 though it maintained a profit of INR0.8 crores for H1 on a top line of INR0.5 
crores and INR5.6 crores, respectively. The quarter was impacted by the timing 
of institutional orders and temporary disturbances in Nepal during August, 
which affected logistics and field movement.  
However, we continue to maintain a strong market presence and expect 
institutional execution to resume by the second half of this year. At a 
consolidated level, our margins remained stable, driven by operational 
discipline and cost control. On recombinant vaccine, as you have asked about 
the pace of development and whether there have been any delays. I'd just like 
to clarify that there are no delays.  
Recombinant vaccine naturally take longer to develop and validate due to the 
complexity of the technology. Work is progressing well, and we expect 
meaningful outcomes over midterm to long term. As we move ahead, the 
current financial year and particularly this quarter has been a period of 
consolidation and strengthening for us at Hester.  
Our strategic focus is clear. We want to strengthen the business fundamentals 
and reduce dependency on tender-based revenues, thereby creating a more 
balanced and resilient portfolio. To deepen our presence across commercial, 
private and export markets, supported by operational discipline and process 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
12 November 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
standardization, put H9N2 now commercialize to leverage export opportunities 
that open up across markets where avian influenza control is a priority and to 
continue driving innovation, margin stability and sustainable growth through 
product diversification and geographic expansion. 
 
We remain confident that the groundwork laid over the past two quarters will 
begin to reflect in stronger performance in the second half of this financial 
year. Hester continues to be driven by science, sustainability and purpose, 
strengthening animal health while building lasting value across markets. 
 
Thank you all for hearing me out and for your time and continued support. 
And we now look forward to your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question comes from the line of Harshal Mehta from Zennivesh.  
Harshal Mehta: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Mr. Harshal please unmute your line and go ahead. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are audible, sir. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Good afternoon, sir. So sir in FY25 annual report, you have shared the 
capacities of all three plants, right? So on a conservative basis, can we assume 
that inflows will be roughly accounting for 2 times just on an average case that 
we can consider? 
Moderator: 
Sorry, can you repeat your question? It's not clear. We're not able to hear you. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Am I audible now? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
There was muffing in your voice. Maybe you are on speaker or something. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Is it better now? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Okay. So sir, in FY25 annual report, we have shared the capacity of all three 
plants, right? 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
12 November 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Harshal, you're not audible. The line from Mr. Harshal has got 
disconnected. The next question - we'll move on to our next question. The 
next question comes from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
I wanted to understand regarding how do we decide on allocating which 
vaccines to manufacture and an allocation policy? Because it seems that this 
business is lumpy. So we need to have the right kind of vaccine at the right 
time. So if you can help us understand that whenever the next outbreak comes 
out, can we expect Hester to like benefit from that? 
Priya Gandhi: 
So you are referring to our allocation of vaccine products in our three plants, 
is it? 
Madhur Rathi: 
Yes. 
Priya Gandhi: 
See, with vaccines, country-specific strains are very different. So we try not to 
duplicate whatever vaccines that are required in India. And sometimes, the 
strains which we produce in Africa are not allowed in India and vice versa. So 
depending on the regulatory approval of which strain is approved, where and 
what the higher demand is for which product, that's how we have allocated. 
And our aim is to minimize as much as duplication, which is not even the case 
at this point. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Or if you are referring to how do we manage at each of the plants, the answer 
is there is a demand, there is a market need and there is a study done on the 
cost and the time taken for each vaccine. So any decision to what to produce 
depends upon all these factors based on which we decide the product mix at 
each of the plants. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, so I'm trying to understand that our poultry vaccine has over the past 5 
years, there has been not much growth, like it was INR150 crores in FY21 to 
it's INR170-odd crores in FY25. So there is not much growth per se, but there 
might have been some of the other cases of either poultry outbreak or some 
kind of disease that is happening in poultry. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
12 November 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
And we keep on hearing that Bharat Biotech has been taking on various vaccine 
approvals or tech know-how from the government. So I'm trying to understand 
that how is Hester placed versus any other vaccine manufacturer in the 
country, where whenever the next outbreak happens, we can expect Hester 
at least gain some portion of the incremental demand whatever comes in? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. We are not here to actually comment on what another competing or 
another vaccine manufacturer is doing. From our side, it is on record that the 
highest number of technologies taken by any company on the veterinary 
sphere from the government of India is Hester Biosciences. And our 
preparedness is as much there absolutely all the time to take on new 
challenges.  
We had the Lumpy Skin Disease outbreak 2 years ago. We were the 100% 
supplier for Lumpy Skin Disease immunization via the Goat Pox vaccine. 
Likewise, as far as H9N2 is concerned in poultry, there have not been -- now 
that government has given the license and all companies together had taken 
the license and a little before or after all companies have been or will launch 
the vaccine. 
So by no means that there is any delay or anything by our side. And there has 
been no such major outbreak or anything that has come up in the poultry 
industry, which has put 1 company ahead of the other or anything of that sort. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir, just a final question. Sir, is it fair to assume that the distribution 
network for the animal health vaccine would be different from our poultry 
vaccine distribution or can we leverage more commercial opportunity that we 
have from that to the poultry distribution network? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The distribution network up to a distributor level is common between the two 
in some cases. While there are specific distributors for poultry, there are 
specific distributors for ruminant large animal vaccines, end users are 
absolutely different, and our marketing and sales team are different between 
the two divisions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manish Jain from GormalOne LLP. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
12 November 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Manish Jain: 
Thank you, Priya, for very insightful opening remarks. Just wanted to know 
that you all have been keen to launch Lumpy Skin Disease vaccine instead of 
Goat Pox in India. You have already launched outside India. So when is that 
likely to happen? And what kind of advantage will it provide to you all? 
Priya Gandhi: 
Yes, Mr. Manish. At the moment, the government of India is using the Goat 
Pox vaccine to immunize against lumpy skin. We are in process of also working 
towards launching our lumpy skin, but that's going to take some time. It's 
going to happen in the middle of the next financial year. And I mean, at the 
moment, in terms of advantage, right now, we are anyway supplying our Goat 
Pox vaccine against the LSD vaccine. Once we receive the regulatory 
authorization is when we will be supplying the LSD vaccine. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I would like to add on to this that as what Priya mentioned, today, there is not 
a loss of even INR1 in the business are to Hester Biosciences and the 
government of India. Even as of today, even as on yesterday, they are buying 
the Goat Pox vaccine to immunize the Lumpy Skin Disease. And by next year 
when the companies have all registered and they are able to sell, that is the 
time when government would look at shifting over. For the moment, it is Goat 
Pox vaccine. 
Manish Jain: 
Beautiful. And Priya made a very powerful statement that for your Pet Care, 
the vaccines, your existing capacities will suffice. Just came to get an insight 
on the approx capex that you are planning for the current year and next year? 
Priya Gandhi: 
So right now, as mentioned already with respect to Pet, there is no additional 
capex that is required. As you all know, our capital work in progress is 
something which will fully get commercialized in March and that will anyway 
double up our capacity pretty much depending on the product mix. Over and 
above that is just certain routine capex investments that we are doing in the 
coming year, and that's pretty much what we have planned for the coming 
years. 
 
With respect to - just a little insight from our side with respect to our Pet 
vaccines in terms of the opportunities that we see. One is, of course, the rabies 
vaccine and one is the canine vaccine, which is the technical term called the 
9-in-1 vaccine, which is quite in demand. A lot of vaccine right now get 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
12 November 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
imported, and we are trying to compete in a way that we have a locally 
manufactured and indigenized vaccine.  
So these are the two vaccines, which we are working. But it's at a very, very 
nascent stage at this point in time. I will not really be able to give any time 
line. And maybe specifically, the opportunities are many in India as well as in 
Africa. So these are vaccines which are currently lying in our R&D, and we are 
focused on these vaccines, but a long way to go for that still. 
Manish Jain: 
Beautiful. And 1 last housekeeping question is on debt repayment. Given that 
capex is not happening, all the cash generation, can we expect debt repayment 
to continue the way it happened in last fiscal year? 
Ashish Desai: 
Yes, Manish bhai this is Ashish. So the debt repayment will definitely happen 
as per the schedule. We already paid in the current year and in the coming 
years, the repayment is done, and it will be done as per the schedule. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I would like to add on to this is that while repayment, fast repayment is, of 
course, an endeavor that we would want to embark on. At the same time, we 
have been producing vaccines since 1997. We have got totally four 
manufacturing units in Ahmedabad at our plant in Kadi. Something minor 
comes up, some renovation, some changes due to the drug authorities. So et 
cetera, all these things do come up. So there will be a small portion that would 
be diverted to that but it has not been pinpoint that we will give INR10 to this 
or INR100 or something, but that's what it is. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Vekariya from Samarth 
Capital. 
Jay Vekariya: 
I have two questions. In the FY25 annual report the capacity which you have 
told of all the three capacities, can you share the per dose average price and 
second question is that in India 6.2 billion dosage facility in that BS 5 facility 
we have approved? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
We can’t say average price. If you are a Gujarati, I'll explain it to you in 
Gujarati.  
Jay Vekariya: 
Yes, Gujarati. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
12 November 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
In vaccine does not have an average price because we sell the vaccine for 
INR5 to INR6 and cheaper vaccine sell for INR0.04. So, we do it according to 
the demand and requirement. 
Jay Vekariya: 
Okay. So, will you be able to assume 0.02 cents per dose? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, we can't make any assumptions in this because as I said, it's more than 
INR5 or even than INR5 if it's from Africa, it's INR15 to INR20 there is a dose 
of INR15 and there is a dose of INR0.04 here. 
Jay Vekariya: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. And sir, what facility is this BS5? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
BSL-3. 
Jay Vekariya: 
So, it's the same for humans?  
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, for humans. We have got the permission from the government for 
repurposing and we will start animal vaccines here and our production capacity 
will increase there. 
Jay Vekariya: 
Okay. Thank you, sir.  
Rajiv Gandhi: 
We are trying our own vaccines Rabies or whatever is available. 
Jay Vekariya: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshal Mehta from 
Zennivesh. Please go ahead. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Sir, just a follow-up to the previous participant's question. You said that we 
have already got the approvals regarding that BSL-3 human vaccine facility. 
So the capacity that we are having for that particular objective, was that 
already included in our 6.25 billion doses capacity of India or that will be over 
and above? 
Priya Gandhi: 
No, we've not yet received. We've received a permit to repurpose it from 
human to veterinary use. While the commercialized- I mean, the 
manufacturing license now we are yet to receive, which is anticipated to be 
received in the next quarter or early Q1 next year. And no, whether the 1 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
12 November 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
billion -- the doses that we have already mentioned, it doesn't factor for that. 
So this will be an additional calculation. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Okay. Got it. And just 1 more thing. As we are having huge capacities in all 
the geographical locations that we have already done the capex, and we have 
a huge runway in front of us just on the basis of demand. So can we assume 
that for next 2 to 3 years, at least, we won't require any kind of further capex 
in this particular segment that we are catering? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
In a way, yes, I just answered Mr. Manish Jain on the capex requirement that 
things come up as we progress in the existing plants. So there, definitely we 
would be making some capex towards that. But by and large, on a major scale 
or something like that, no, there will be no. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question for the day. I will now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Priya Gandhi: 
Thank you all for joining and your continued support and trust. We are always 
happy to also receive questions off the line and give answer. I did try to answer 
as many questions in my opening remarks. Yes, this quarter has been a little 
bit damp relatively, if we compare it to the previous quarter, but we do have 
the next half of the year to cover up and we are at it. And yes, we are here to 
grow and fulfil all the commitments that we make to all of you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
 
---------- X ---------- 
