Siemens Limited
Management: Sunil Mathur
Dr Annie Besant Rd.
400030 Mumbai
INDIA
Tel.: +91 22 6251 2191
www.siemens.com
Registered Office: Birla Aurora, Level 21, Plot No. 1080, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai – 400030; Corporate Identity number: L28920MH1957PLC010839;
Tel.: +91 22 6251 7000; Fax: +91 22 2436 2404; Contact / Email: www.siemens.co.in/contact; Website: www.siemens.co.in.
Sales Offices: Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chennai, Gurugram, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Mumbai, Nagpur, Kalwa, Puducherry, Pune, Vadodara.
December 18, 2025
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
BSE Limited
Scrip Code –
National Stock Exchange of India Limited: SIEMENS EQ
BSE Limited: 500550
Information pursuant to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)
Dear Sir / Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30, 46 and other applicable regulations of the Listing Regulations, please
find enclosed the transcript of the Company’s Analysts / Institutional Investors meet held on
December 12, 2025.
The 
said 
transcript 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at:
https://www.siemens.com/in/en/company/investor-relations/analyst-meet.html#2025
Kindly take the above information on record.
Yours faithfully,
For Siemens Limited
Ketan Thaker
Company Secretary
Encl.: as above
KETAN 
NANDKISHOR 
THAKER
Digitally signed by KETAN 
NANDKISHOR THAKER 
Date: 2025.12.18 10:43:09 
+05'30'

 
 1
 
Analyst and Investor Meet for Siemens Limited 
for 12 months ending September 2025 
 
 
Management:  
 
• 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer  
• 
Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig – Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer  
• 
Ms Radhika Arora – Head, Investor Relations  
 
 
− Ms. Radhika Arora - Head Investor Relations, Siemens India: 
− Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to welcome you all to the Analyst and Investor 
Meet for Siemens Limited. I am Radhika Arora, Head of Investor Relations. It's wonderful 
to see so many of you here today, especially as this is our in-person gathering after a long 
time.  
− The past couple of years have brought significant change and progress for our company, 
as many of you would have seen. A major development during this period has been the 
demerger of Siemens Energy India Limited, which is now a separately listed pure play 
energy company. Many of you would have attended their Analyst and Investor Meet just 
a few days ago. Today our focus is firmly on Siemens Limited, our business and financial 
performance and our future.  
− I am delighted to introduce our management team: 
− Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, who will share insights 
into our strategic direction. 
− Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, who will present 
a financial overview and discuss priorities as we move forward.  
− Today's agenda will cover a review of Siemens Limited's performance since 2021, a 
detailed business and financial overview of our segments - Digital Industries, Smart 
Infrastructure and Mobility, and a discussion on our future priorities. The presentation 
will be followed by a Q&A session. Please note, we will be discussing the 12-month period 
ending September 2025. This is not our financial year end. As you may be aware, Siemens 
Limited is transitioning its financial year from September into March end cycle. So our 
next financial year will conclude in March 2026.  
− Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that the disclaimer page that is a part 
of the presentation we will be discussing today, and is also available on our website. By 

 
 2
participating, we take it as read, that you have acknowledged the disclaimer. During the 
course of the meeting, I would request all of you to please put your phones on silent 
mode. Thank you once again for joining us. We look forward to an engaging and insightful 
session.  
− With that, I would like to invite Sunil and Wolfgang on stage, and Sunil to start his 
presentation.  
− Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
− So, good morning and thank you, Radhika. Good morning to everyone and welcome to 
the Analyst Meet. A long one or a long-awaited one where we were also looking forward 
to interacting with you, and I hope we can keep it interactive after we have done our 
presentation here.  
− As Radhika mentioned, our intent is today to give a little bit of how we see the macro 
environment in the country, how we see Siemens addressing the macro-economic 
environment in the country, and then we will deep dive a little bit into the performance 
over the last couple of years to set the context for what we are actually planning to do in 
each of the three segments - Digital Industry, Smart Infrastructure and Mobility. So, let's 
start first with how we see actually what's happening in the economy. 
− Now, 6.5% growth, from our perspective or from my perspective, I think is more or less a 
given. I think the question is can we get to a 7-7.5% growth rate, particularly taking into 
account the fact that private CapEx has been muted. The last couple of years, and indeed 
the last year, has been encouraging on multiple accounts. Firstly, investment in CapEx in 
infrastructure has continued. So, public sector CapEx, in spite of everything, has continued 
to happen. And I know there were a lot of discussions about you know why the CapEx in 
infrastructure in the budget had not been bumped up substantially, it was only a 10% 
increase over there. The reality is that over the last five years, we have seen unlike in prior 
periods, that roughly 70 to 80% of the announcement made in the budget in terms of 
CapEx spending in infrastructure have actually got converted. Now, there is a limit at one 
point in time to the element that you can keep bumping up 20 or 30% CapEx. So, from my 
perspective I think we are not unduly worried about the fact that there was a 10% CapEx 
increase in the last budget, and I wouldn't be unduly worried in the coming budget if 
something similar happened again. The more important factor for us is to make sure that 
we are able to achieve the announcements that have been made in the budget. That is 
more critical for us to plan our capacities and to ensure that we deliver accordingly.  
− So, I think the government has done a fair amount on public spending in CapEx. As you all 
know, the critical factor was consumption and the consumption story; 57% of India's GDP 
is consumption linked, and that was not picking up. And that had a knock-on impact on 
the demand and consequently private sector investment in CapEx. And we did see muted 
CapEx in the last two or three years, which probably was one of the reason why the 

 
 3
country was stuck at 6.5% GDP levels. I think the government did a great move by revising 
the income tax rates, and then subsequently the GST rates.  
− We saw a first uptick in November; there is always a lag effect. We saw a first uptick in 
November. December so far is not looking too bad, but I think it is too early for us to say 
whether that uptick is really consistently happening and whether this will be a sustainable 
event or not.  
− The consumption story always takes 5 to 6 months to kick in. Once the income tax rates 
have actually been revised down which was April onwards, and then in September the 
GST rates got revised down, and I think it is usually about 5 or 6 months after that. So we 
will be looking carefully, monitoring this very, very carefully in the next couple of months. 
And I think the first signs will probably come starting April onwards when you start seeing 
whether that consumption story has started picking up, and consequently whether 
private sector CapEx is picking up.  
− Having said that, I think it is fair to say new-age CapEx, and I've said this before, 
electronics, battery manufacturing, solar cells, all of these areas have been doing well. 
Pharmaceuticals have been doing well. Where we have still to see a catch-up, and we'll 
discuss this a little later, is the areas of food and beverages, chemicals, fertilizers, steel. 
Steel was impacted; steel and cement was impacted. Steel as you know was impacted 
because of the dumping that was happening to them. We've seen the first signs, but really 
the first signs of initial CapEx coming back in. Again, too soon to celebrate, but at least we 
haven't seen a continued decline in that area. And that's a good sign. The moment we 
start seeing steel and cement beginning to pick up, and automotive which is a lead 
indicator for us as well, and automotive as well… and automotive is beginning to pick up. 
Commercial vehicles of course as you know is doing pretty well. Passenger vehicles have 
picked up but is still sluggish there, and we'll just see how this pans out in the next couple 
of months.  
− So with that, with these two impacts of private sector, of the income tax reduction, the 
GST reduction having an impact on the consumption story, impacting in turn the demand, 
hopefully private sector CapEx will pick up. And that means hopefully there's an uptick 
expected very clearly out of the 6.5% GDP levels that we have been currently at.  
− Link that now to the headwinds that we currently have on account of the US tariffs. And 
while, to a large extent, I don't believe that that has a direct impact on a lot of the CapEx 
industries here in the country, I think it is more a question of sentiment and the question 
of uncertainty; what will really… how will these tariffs really impact the global economy? 
So I believe for us, there's a greater challenge of an indirect impact rather than a direct 
impact over there. As and when the tariffs do start coming down and there is an 
agreement reached over there, I do believe that there's a further possibility for an uptick 
in the economy because that will free up a lot of Indian entrepreneurs who are currently, 
probably a little bit more cautious because they don't really know what is happening. And 
I'm talking mainly about the CapEx cycle overall as we see it.  

 
 4
− Moving on, and you look at the plans of India, and you look at the plans of India under 
the Viksit Bharat program, we have focused on four that we find particularly relevant to 
us, and you're looking at an economy where the government has an ambition to grow 
from where we are, a 4 trillion economy, to a 30 trillion economy in 2047. That means 
roughly a 9 to 10% growth rate that needs to be achieved. Now is that possible? Yes, it is. 
Could the entire consumption cycle, or will the entire consumption cycle contribute to 
that? Most definitely it will. But what will be the major drivers? And we've outlined four 
elements over here which tie in, in a way, to the consistent statement that the 
government has been giving, which is talking about increasing the share of manufacturing 
in the GDP from 15% of GDP to 25% of GDP. 
− Now what does that mean? If you look at 15% of GDP, $4 trillion economy, you're talking 
about $600 billion contribution to GDP today. If you assume a 7 to 8% growth rate in the 
near future, and let's take a number, 5 trillion economy in the near future, 25% of GDP 
kicking in, you're already talking about 1.25 trillion contribution to GDP. Which means in 
the next couple of years you're looking at a gap, 1.25 to 600 billion, 650 billion roughly, of 
contribution to GDP coming out of manufacturing itself. Now if you're looking at a 650 
billion contribution to GDP coming out of this program, you're looking at roughly double 
that element, 600 billion going up to $1.2 to $1.5 trillion of CapEx that is going to be 
required to deliver on the $650 billion of contribution to GDP.  
− Now there's no other country in the world that is able to do that right now. And if you 
look at where the world is going, they're looking at smart manufacturing, for lack of a 
better term, there are multiple terms for it. We in Siemens are very much into industrial 
metaverse, into industrial AI; we're probably the only company in the world that is 
actually having a platform on industrial AI there. But if you look at the program of the 
government, and again, there have been programs and program, but linked to the 
programs that are critical for us, you're looking at innovation and AI and manufacturing 
growth, and the government has got very clear programs aligned to those ambitions. 
When you look at urban development, again over here, very clear programs in place that 
have started kicking in to start boosting that. Energy transition and the green energy 
initiative over there, the same thing.  
− And when you look at where we are positioned as Siemens, we are positioned in all of 
this. When you look at our Digital Industries business, that coincides very clearly with the 
innovation, AI leadership and the manufacturing growth ambitions that the country has. 
When you look at our Smart Infrastructure, that goes very closely in line with the energy 
transition and the green energy leadership and carbon footprint that the country is 
focusing on. When you look at our Mobility segment, that falls into the urban 
development and the advanced infrastructure. So very clearly, we are synced in to the 
ambitions of the government, structurally synced in, and not only as an ambition, we are 
structured in line with the ambitions of the government.  
− Now that then boils down into specific verticals, market segments as well. And that means 
verticals like automotive, life sciences, rail transportation, etc. All those verticals will have 

 
 5
to grow over a period of time in order to achieve these ambitions. And again, we will talk 
more about these verticals as I flip to the next slides. But we are present in every single 
one of these verticals with technologies that can really transform these verticals.  
− And when you look at it from our strategy overall, you see our growth levers, and I've 
spoken about them multiple times - we are very clearly increasing our focus on customers, 
finding new ways to address customer needs as customer needs change. Now how are 
customers' needs changing? Traditionally, the business has been: customers come out 
with a tender, you get five companies that are bidding for those businesses and the lowest 
party wins. That is changing. Customers right now are looking at flexibility, are looking at 
quality, are looking at speed, are looking at agility. And when you're looking at all these 
different elements, it is not about a product at a cheapest price, it is about delivering a 
solution that answers a specific problem of a customer. It could be: can you reduce the 
amount of wastage in my biscuit plant? Can you help me bring in energy efficiency in my 
hotel? Can you help me increase the speed and flexibility of manufacturing in my 
pharmaceutical plant? Can you help me speed up the cycle from development of a drug 
to commercial production of a drug? So the challenge that customers are now putting on 
to companies is different. Now most companies can choose: will we continue to sell 
products, individual boxes, or can you go out with a solution that is an end-to-end solution 
that answers these specific needs? And that is what we are actually aiming to do, and I'll 
talk more about this further down.  
− Now when you start saying this is what we are aiming to do, you can't have an identical 
product or solution for a biscuit plant as you have for an automotive plant. And this is 
where you need vertical know-how. You need the know-how of the process of 
manufacturing of cars and buses and motorbikes, as much as you need process 
knowledge of how to manufacture noodles and pharmaceutical drugs. That is what we 
have, and that is what we are able to stitch together, and I'll talk more about that as well. 
− Products and portfolio is what I just talked about. We do have the family of products that 
is able to deliver answers to these challenges. We do have solutions and partners with 
whom we are combining to see that we can deliver the complete suite of products. And 
finally, our strategy has always been: we will localize and continue to expand our portfolio 
where it makes sense.  
− Now the continuous question that we have is make or buy. Do we continue to import? Do 
we continue to buy from the local market? Or does it make more sense for us to 
manufacture ourselves? Today the new company Siemens Limited, ex Siemens Energy 
India Limited, has 25 factories. We still have 25 factories. A lot of our businesses are still 
very heavily localized and the process of localization continues.  
− So when you look at that and look at where our footprint currently is in the country, when 
you look at the industrial metaverse and the digitalization footprint that we do have: one 
in three automation controllers, PLCs, in the country that have been installed, are from 
Siemens. Over 75% of utilities distribution discoms are powered by Siemens switchgear. 

 
 6
Over 50% of the metros in the country are electrified by Siemens. So we do have a strong 
footprint in the country. We do understand the customers. We do have a bandwidth that 
is continuously increasing, but also deepening.  
− Where has that led us over the last five years? And I'm just talking about five years. We've 
doubled our revenues, tripled our margins, in almost every business. Now if you look at 
the Digital Industries business, that is… private sector CapEx. As we all know, in the last 
five years there has not been too much of an uptick on private CapEx. It is a business 
where we have no localization. That's why the margins are driven by transfer pricing. But 
effectively, the business has still grown at 1.5x in the last five years with a corresponding 
growth in the profitability. As public sector CapEx has continued to grow, our Smart 
Infrastructure and our Mobility businesses have also grown substantially with margin 
expansions continuing to happen.  
− I'd just like to remind you, particularly on the Mobility segment, a lot of the margins have 
been impacted because we did heavy investments. We moved from only looking at being 
an electrification and signaling business in Mobility to expanding that into rolling stock. 
And obviously that has an impact initially on the margins. You've already seen, we won 
the locomotive order and there are other opportunities there. We've started exporting 
bogies out of our factories over there. And all of this required CapEx where the kick-in 
now on revenues and margins will come in. 
− But this is not the end of the story. Again, this is a CAGR that we were talking about which 
is not just a point-to-point number. This has been a continuous growth over the last five 
years year-on-year, both on the top line as well as on the bottom line. And that really 
reflects the strategy that we have: is to ensure that we continuously have a top-line 
growth as well as a bottom-line growth which is embedded into our growth strategy in 
the company. That, of course, has reflected as well in the markets where we have 
outperformed the markets in spite of the fact that there have been global headwinds, in 
spite of the fact that private sector CapEx has not yet kicked in, in spite of the fact that 
currency volatility has continuously been there. 
− We've also been recognized right now as being a leader in the area of governance and 
sustainability. Sustainability is an element that is becoming critical even for our customers 
right now. And we can do a separate segment on that if any of you are interested at a 
later point in time. But, we are doing a lot in sustainability internally within Siemens, but 
also helping our customers who have got an increasingly ambitious target on their 
sustainability goals, to help them be more carbon-friendly over there.  
− So moving on, if I'll move now into the individual segments and try and give some colour 
over there and then Wolfgang will take over and talk about the financials for each of the 
segments. So if I start with the Digital Industries business, now this is a completely 
different picture from what we have been talking in the past. In the past we've given you 
a macro overview. We are now shifting the focus to give you a more 360-degree 
perspective of what we actually do in the Digital Industries business.  

 
 7
− Roughly 50% of our business comes from three market verticals. That's manufacturing, 
particularly machine building; that's metals, particularly steel; and that's automotive. 
Roughly 40 to 50% of the business of Digital Industries comes from these three verticals. 
The rest of it comes from pharmaceuticals, food and beverages, cement and so on. And 
the route to the markets are also different. The route to the markets happen via OEMs, it 
happens via our territory sales that are selling into industries as well over there.  
− But if you look at the growth that has happened in ’21 to ’25 in these three segments, you 
can say roughly 50% of the business has grown at around 5%, and I'm talking about the 
Siemens content in this business. So don't mix this up with the growth of the industry. We 
are looking at it as the growth of the Siemens content in these three businesses has grown 
at roughly 5%. The expectation is, with the uptake in private sector CapEx that we hope 
will kick in, that this will now grow from around 5% to 8%, possibly more as well as there 
becomes a CapEx expansion in the private sector.  
− And what are we doing here is mentioned there on the chart, for each of these verticals? 
It's just symbolic to show you what exactly we do in terms of each of these verticals. I 
don't need to go into the details. Each of these are elements where we are helping the 
customers with end-to-end solutions. This is not only providing a box over there, but it is 
also providing an end-to-end solution that makes a major difference to this customer. 
And that we do not only by ourselves, but we do it also with partners, and this is the 
difference.  
− So how are we doing this? We've got a suite of products. Yes, there is a hardware part of 
it, but there's also the software part of it which is linked into the hardware that we sell. 
In addition to that, there is a layer of software that comes on top which is not a part of 
Siemens Limited but is complementary, and we work with the other company of Siemens 
in India to support our customers with that additional software layer. But there is 
embedded software in the products that we already deliver, and we use these offerings 
that we have got to bring real value to customers. And I talk about one of them in 
particular. 
− When you look at the PLCs, traditionally PLCs were boxes; were boxes where you had 
these controllers in them, and every time you needed an upgrade you had to go to the 
factory and you had to upgrade the software on that particular PLC, or you had to replace 
a PLC completely for the upgrade. We've now come out with a virtual PLC which is 
essentially upgrading the software by remote. And this means a complete revolution in 
the way automation is done in industry, right? This means that our fixes to software can 
be done remotely, time is reduced, speed is increased, cost is optimized, both for the 
customer as well as for us. And this is something that customers are looking for - how can 
you increase the speed and bring in new variants without us having to keep on changing 
the hardware every six months, every year? And these are the kind of technological 
advancements that we are able to offer the customers as well. 

 
 8
− When you look at the plant engineering software, the COMOS, this is something where 
you can actually design the product, design the manufacturing process, and you can 
design the entire flow of automation and of manufacturing in a plant before you have 
even put the first brick in the ground. Now, when you can design it, and you put a layer 
of artificial intelligence on top of it, and you put a stack of man-hours onto that, you can 
actually get a digital experience where you can walk into a factory, you can walk around 
the factory, you can open the machines in the factory, you can look into each machine, 
you can already identify where people should be standing, what angle they should be 
bending at, how high the workplaces should be; all of this you can design and cost before 
you have put the first brick in the ground. 
− And then when you have put the factory up and you start the manufacturing process, you 
link what you had designed with what is physically happening on the ground, and you do 
this in real time. So every time you want to make a change in the manufacturing process, 
you don't need to first do it on the ground and see what impact that has, you can do that 
first and simulate the impact of that in the software, and see what the impact of that is 
going to be, and how much you are able to optimize each machine individually, and then 
optimize each machine collectively to see that you get the best product at the most 
productive value.  
− Let me make this clear: in the overall plans for India to become a manufacturing hub for 
the world, we have a factory in Germany that is manufacturing products at a productivity 
level of 99.99%. India's average productivity level is 75%. There is no way you will bridge 
25% of productivity just by skilling people. Technology will be that differentiator, and we 
have that technology, and that is a potential for the Digital Industries business as the 
Indian manufacturing environment grows.  
− So what will be our focus moving forward? One is very clearly: our Digital Industries will 
focus now on verticals, on finding solutions for customers, not only selling individual 
products, for all the reasons that I mentioned. Now we are conscious that no individual 
company has got a complete portfolio to provide an end-to-end solution, and that is 
where we are starting partnering. We partner with system integrators, we partner with 
distributors, we partner with other technology players, we partner with other suppliers, 
we partner with solution architects, we partner with IT firms, and together, we curate 
solutions that bring the best impact for our customers. So that's going to be the second 
focus.  
− And the third is really going to be: how can we leverage our installed base… and I talked 
about the installed capacity in the country that we already have. How can we leverage 
that installed base to grow the service business? So that's going to be the focus for our 
Digital business moving forward. 
− Moving on to the Smart Infrastructure business. Here again, three key verticals contribute 
40 to 50% of the business, and this is transmission and distribution in the power sector, 
data centers, and commercial buildings. Now transmission… we don't do transmission; 

 
 9
that is done by Siemens Energy India Limited, but we do the software for that and the 
entire distribution framework is what we do; Siemens Energy does not do that. On data 
centers, the entire energy requirements… and you know that data centers are the largest 
guzzlers of energy, and you know that increasingly data center operators are turning 
around and saying, “We only want green energy, and can you help us create data centers 
which are much greener?” And that is what we can support them with. And finally, 
commercial buildings: how can we make commercial buildings safer and more energy 
efficient? And that's what we can bring in with our complete offerings of distribution, 
automation, smart grids, but also in the building space, network operations, and so on. 
So there's a very wide range of offerings that we have got here. The market here has 
grown over 10%, and that's why you have seen a good growth rate in the Smart 
Infrastructure segment. Commercial buildings is growing extremely well. Data centers are 
growing extremely well. And the power distribution market is opening up and is becoming 
increasingly conscious about upgrading their technologies, becoming more efficient in 
their energy distribution cycles, and more green-resilient as well. And that's where we are 
right now. 
− Moving into the next five years, we believe for the next five years this trend will continue. 
The Smart Infrastructure, at least in these three segments, will continue to grow at plus 
10%. So I think this is our prognosis there. How will we address this market? And here 
again we do have the hardware solutions, but we also have software solutions. And I point 
out one: when you look at the chiller optimization solution that we have, this is about the 
heating, ventilation, air conditioning in commercial buildings. Let's start with hotels. 
− 40% of the fixed cost of running a hotel is actually the energy that they use. Now, if we 
can help bring down their energy costs… energy consumption by 10 to 15%, that goes 
straight to their bottom line, and that is the technology that we are able to bring, not only 
with the hardware but also with the software, not only by ourselves but partnering with 
system integrators as well, and partnering with other solution providers. We have a 
platform for a command-and-control center where, if there are companies that have got 
multiple factories that are using electricity, multiple offices, multiple stalls, stadiums, 
malls, we are able to support them in comparing the energy consumption in one stadium 
with the energy consumption in another building and find out where there are leakages 
in energy. 
− Now you see over here as well, similar to the Digital Industries business, this is not only 
about selling hardware; it's also about selling solutions, and this is about changing the 
narrative from only selling medium-voltage switchgear to saying we can answer some of 
the most complex problems that you have. Being a technology company, which is where 
we have now moved towards; away from being only an electrical company, away from 
being only an automation company, and now to being a technology company where we 
can provide and bring together the combined strengths of electrification, automation, 
and digitalization to provide solutions to our customers that make a difference in their 
operations. So if I focus here as well, here again the focus has to be on vertical markets, 
and we will continue to look at hospitals, hotels, ports, airports, distribution centers, data 

 
 10
centers, commercial buildings, and so on. We will continue to localize and expand 
capacities. We've already done that with the medium-voltage GIS programs, the vacuum 
interrupter localization as well. So this will continue to be an ongoing program.  
− And finally, partnerships will form a critical part of our expansion strategy, which will be 
not only trying to do everything ourselves, but combining with a host of other partners to 
deliver solutions. M&A is something that we are looking at to see whether we can expand 
the portfolio here, more in the buildings area rather than in the electrification area where 
we are already pretty strong. C&S continues to be a great success; their exports continue 
to grow. We continue to get traction there; the business is growing. But more important 
than the exports, we are seeing significant traction happening in the C&S acquisition even 
on the domestic business as well, and we think this is a strategy that worked and can be 
replicated in some of our other businesses as well.  
− Finally, Mobility. This is going to be the growth driver that we believe, in terms of volumes, 
in the business moving forward. Here again, the market has grown in the last five years 
at over 8 to 10%. Now it is very difficult really, when you talk about the Mobility market, 
to say this is going to be continuous growth. You get one large order of a locomotive; you 
get a spike. The next year you may not get the large order; you may get other orders not 
of the same magnitude. But this is very clearly a business that is going to be on an upward 
trajectory. As you know, until 2025 really, we were very clearly primarily operational in 
the electrification, signaling space as also in the propulsion area.  
− Moving forward from 2022, we got into the rolling stock. We introduced rolling stock into 
our portfolio i.e. we reopened the bogie factory, started manufacturing bogies. Of course, 
you know about the locomotive project there, and we continue to look at expanding that 
portfolio. Signaling: we are looking at both mainline, commuter rail as well as metros, and 
we will continue to do signaling there.  
− What have been the growth drivers? I think the continuous CapEx spent by the railways 
of 2.5 lakh crores on an average, that is something that they have actually been delivering 
on. The rate of tenders coming out of the railways continues to be at the right pace there. 
Of course, the entire signaling network in the country continues to be a huge opportunity. 
The entire 67,000 kms. of network still needs the latest signaling operations. The railways 
will not be able to deliver on their ambition of bringing down logistic costs, increasing the 
passenger freight, unless the signaling systems are able to keep track with the speed that 
is required on the network. That is why the Kavach program is so critical. Of course, the 
entire rollout of the Vande Bharat, the Vande Metros, high-speed rails, metro projects, all 
of these present huge opportunities, and see that coming in over the years ahead. Finally, 
of course, we won a great success in the high-speed rail signaling project for the 
Ahmedabad–Mumbai route. 
− Moving forward again, that portfolio continues. The opportunities are there, as I 
mentioned. We will continue to localize. The pipeline continues to be strong. We have 

 
 11
increasing visibility on the pipeline there as well. We do believe this business should be 
growing at least at a 10-plus rate, and the market should continue to grow at that level. 
− So, our focus here will be now, in addition to electrification and signaling, will now be on 
rolling stock and the increased signaling under the new Kavach program. We will continue 
to transfer technology to India, either software for the Kavach, for example, or hardware 
technologies for the propulsion systems and the rest of the rolling stock portfolio. Of 
course, this is all about implementation. These are large projects. Many of them are 
actually product supplies coming out of factories. So, the locomotive business, which is 
categorized as a project, is actually manufacturing multiple locomotives in a factory and 
getting it out. But we need to ensure that we continue to be efficient in that project 
excellence process.  
− So, finally, the low-voltage motors. As you've probably heard, the board has approved the 
sale of low-voltage motors to Innomotics India. Now, just to give you a quick recap, 
globally in October ‘24, Siemens AG carved out the low-voltage business to KPS at a global 
level. Low-voltage business in Siemens AG was called Innomotics, and they carved it out 
to KPS Capital. Consequently, the IPs got carved out. Siemens in India did not have the IP 
rights, does not have the IP rights, neither do we do manufacturing here in the country. 
It is within Siemens Limited. It is outsourced manufacturing. Revenues are cyclical, as you 
know, for motors. The expectation was that the volumes will increase. Those volumes 
have not increased in the country. These are very closely interlinked to economic activity, 
particularly private sector CapEx. It is very closely linked to commodity prices, in particular 
copper. So, basically, the business in Siemens Limited is a sales organization which is 
licensed to sell products, low-voltage motors where the IP is of the parent, the brand is 
Innomotics in the Indian market.  
− And this was then finally approved by the board of Siemens Limited in terms of a sale and 
transfer on a slump sale basis to Innomotics India at a purchase price of 22 billion, which 
I will remind you was the same price that had been offered earlier on by the parent 
company. Considering the fact that the volumes have declined, in the meantime, it is only 
6% of the overall volume of Siemens and only 2% of Siemens profits in the meantime. We 
believe this is a deal which is in the interest of shareholders, and we expect the 
transaction to be closed sometime in mid of next year as well. 
− Finally, very quickly around the sustainability. Just to highlight the fact that 90% of the 
products that we have within Siemens contribute to the sustainability requirements of 
customers. And essentially, this is in three areas: decarbonisation, resource efficiency, 
and people-centricity. And we do have examples around all of these here in India. And 
when you look at energy efficiency, as I mentioned, in the Taj Hotel group, already we 
have addressed over 18 properties where we have helped them bring energy efficiency 
into their operations there. When you look at resource efficiency in manufacturing, 
particularly looking at consumption of water, we've been able to help an automotive 
company to reduce the consumption of water by approximately 4 litres a wash in terms 
of their operations as well.  

 
 12
− Finally, on the people part, of course, our entire offerings in terms of the railways in this 
very prestigious line, the Sivok–Rangpo rail line, has been able to bring connectivity to 
people as they are able to move in and out of Sikkim as well. So very clearly, our portfolios 
are also aligned to the sustainability portfolios.  
− With that, I hand over to Wolfgang to give you a quick overview of the financials, and then 
I'll summarize at the end, and then we open it up for Q&A.  
− Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
− Thank you, Sunil. So a warm welcome from my side as well. My name is Wolfgang 
Wrumnig. I'm the CFO, and I started my journey here in India in March 2024. 
− So before I come to the financials, maybe a couple of introductory statements regarding 
our operations here in India. As you are very familiar with our operations, we are 
operating in three major businesses: Digital Industries, Smart Infrastructure, and Mobility. 
Of course, our numbers for this fiscal year still include the low-voltage motors business. 
But as you just heard, we announced, a couple of days ago, the sale of the business, and 
going forward, it will then be a discontinued operation, and I'm not covering the business 
in my presentation today anymore. 
− Secondly, Siemens includes then all four businesses, including LVM, but also two 
consolidated subsidiaries, which is C&S Electric and also Siemens Rail Automation, which 
is also included in the total financial KPIs.  
− And finally, just as a recap, you have heard from Sunil our more or less success story over 
the last five years: doubling our volume, our revenue, and tripling our profitability, also 
increasing our share price by 380%, outperforming the NIFTY 100. And I have to say all 
businesses have contributed to the success story, and we are continuing addressing this 
success story with focusing on growing verticals. And I can only say we are well positioned 
in India's success story, Viksit Bharat, going forward.  
− So, with this, I move on to Digital Industries. So, I'm sure you remember, in our last virtual 
analyst meet, I gave you a more detailed insight on the story of Digital Industries over the 
last couple of years, and about the business development. And this business 
development… this development was not specific to India only. It was also seen in other 
countries, it was even seen on the global level, but you could also see it with our 
competition.  
− So, just to summarize, the story started pre-COVID, where we more or less had a very 
stable business with a book-to-bill of 1 approximately, with growth rates about 5%, and a 
profitability in the range of 6 to 8%. Then COVID came, we saw a significant drop in the 
top line. And then after COVID, we were faced with the supply chain crisis. In this period, 
you know, the price levels have increased significantly, the orders were skyrocketing, 
prices went up, and our backlog went up. You know, we were faced with book-to-bill rates 
of 1.4, 1.5, which is very unusual for this business. And also, followed by an increase in 

 
 13
revenue, but also what we have seen at that point in time was significant order 
cancellations. 
− So, after this period, we saw the business then again stabilizing in the years 2023 and 
2024. Orders were coming back to normal, revenue went still up because of the huge 
order backlog we had, and also the margins were coming down from the peak level. I 
would say, as this business is predominantly a trading business, so more or less we are 
selling products, we import from our mother company, from Siemens AG, and Sunil 
already mentioned it, it's a business driven by the transfer price framework.  
− So, this is more or less the business. I have summarized it in the last virtual meet, and I 
could say right now we are more or less now back to a normal business cycle.  
− So, which brings me then to the financial KPIs. So, as you can see, last fiscal year, our 
orders finished at INR 38 billion with a growth of 13%. And to point out specifically, we 
had a very strong Q4 with a growth of plus 30%. So, more or less the book-to-bill was +1, 
which also reconfirms that we are back into a normal business cycle.  
− When it comes to revenue, we have seen in last fiscal year a -7% decline in revenue. So, 
which was more or less as a result of a kind of a slow start into the 1st Quarter. So, the 
revenue was pretty slow, also based on a low backlog, and as already mentioned, muted 
private CapEx, but we could catch up. So, when you look at Q2 to Q4, the average revenue 
went up to almost 10 billion on average, which is clearly a sign of recovery and also based 
on the expectation that private CapEx will pick up going forward, we are cautiously 
optimistic with regards to the future developments.  
− As also already mentioned, the key verticals we address in this business are automotive, 
metals, machine building, food and beverage, and chemicals. The sales channels we use 
in this business are partners and distributors. Also, we are working directly with OEMs, 
but also with end customers. Our portfolio ranges from industrial automation hardware 
to process instrumentation and motion control and drive technologies.  
− Some insight on the business mix: I mentioned already the DI business is predominantly 
a product business. So, we sell products to our customers, but also we sell solutions. And 
last but not least, we also have a, I would say, sizeable service business, which is close to 
the 20% range. Important, and I repeat it, this business is a transfer-price-regulated 
business, which more or less makes sure that our margin quality, margin range is more or 
less in the 6 to 8% range +/-.  
− With regards to manufacturing, unfortunately, we don't have a lot of local value-add, 
means manufacturing in this business in India. So, we just started a small operation with 
regards to flow meters here in India. And we will continue to discuss opportunities to 
localize, but we will only do it if it makes financial sense.  

 
 14
− With regards to exports, as we don't have local manufacturing, there is also not a lot of 
export in this business. We do export projects on a case-by-case basis, and currently the 
export share is in the low single digit. And we will see how this develops going forward.  
− When it comes to profitability, and I mentioned it, transfer pricing minus 45% versus prior 
year, so, we are now down to 2.7 billion profit in fiscal year 25, which is a profit margin of 
7.3%. And also, when you look into the different quarters, you could see there is some 
fluctuation in the quarters from 4.7% to even 11.1%. And this is due to transfer price 
adjustments. So, usually, this happens also then in the following quarter. But on an annual 
basis, on a fiscal year basis, we'll make sure going forward that more or less the margin 
will be in this target range of 6–8%. 
− So, in summary, I would say, again, our business is now back to normal. Our focus, going 
forward, will be on top line, addressing the growing verticals in India, also expanding 
channels, optimizing our sales setup, and gaining market share. So, this would be my 
summary on DI, and I move on with Smart Infrastructure. 
− So, Smart Infrastructure, I can only repeat again, excellent performance over the last 
couple of years: doubled the revenue, and even 5x profitability. A reason for this 
development is also that we expanded our local footprint here in India. You have heard 
from Sunil already that we have, especially in the SI business, a significant manufacturing 
footprint here in India.  
− So, when it comes to manufacturing, and you know it, we are continuing to invest in 
manufacturing in Smart Infrastructure. In 2023, we announced the investment, a CapEx 
investment in vacuum interrupter factory in Goa. In 2024, we announced the investment 
in the factory in Goa as well for gas-insulated switchgears and blue GIS for domestic and 
for the global markets, an investment of INR 3.3 billion. And we will continue to look for 
opportunities, and also the investment in local footprint will also give us opportunities to 
expand our margins. From an overall perspective, our portfolio is roughly 65% localized. 
So the rest is imported.  
− We are addressing, as you already heard, verticals like power utilities for power 
transmission and distribution solutions and data centers. In another segment, we are 
addressing the low-voltage market with protection devices. And last but not least, we are 
also addressing verticals like commercial buildings and data centers as well. The sales 
channels we are using in this business are very similar to DI, so we are working with 
partners, distributors, OEMs, also with EPCs and end customers. 
− With regards to product mix, still more than 50% of our business is product business in 
Smart Infrastructure, followed by solution and systems, and we also have a growing 
service business. The export share of this business is pretty much stable, close to 20%. 
And, we will continue to look for opportunities to increase the share of exports going 
forward. And also with the investments we announced and we are right now executing, 

 
 15
we assume that it will also impact our share of exports going forward. But also, our focus 
is, the domestic market is India. 
− With regards to competition, also a statement for Smart Infrastructure: we do see 
competition and competitive pressure rising. But also, I believe we are well positioned, 
we are well equipped, and also the strong performance in fiscal year ’25 confirms we have 
a strong market position and we are committed to profitable growth going forward.  
− So now when it comes to the financials: orders 103 billion, plus 15%, investments in power 
grids, public transportation and commercial buildings, but also, the new technologies like 
AI have a very strong impact on the demand with regards to data centers, and data 
centers is one of the focus verticals in this business. This with regards to revenue: plus 
14% versus prior year, 92 billion in revenue, despite the fact we had a slow start into Q1 
as well, due to… one reason was the QCO topic. So, but then we managed it pretty well, 
picking up. And in Q4 we hit 27 billion, a growth of 19%, which is more or less very close 
to the CAGR we have seen over the last five years. And this was not only one segment, all 
business segments within Smart Infrastructure have contributed to this development in 
Q4.  
− With regards to profit, I believe this is also another success story: 12.5 billion in fiscal year 
’25, plus 13.6% profitability. We have been able to expand the margin by another 20 basis 
points, and this is due to, of course, the revenue increase, due to mix, but also due to 
operational execution, despite the fact we have seen heavy competition in this business.  
− So let me summarize here as well: I would say the success story in Smart Infrastructure 
continues, and we will continue to focus on top line and on margin expansion. We will 
continue to do investments in manufacturing, and we will keep our strong focus on 
operational efficiency. 
− With this, I'll move to the last business, which is Mobility. So also in Mobility, we have 
been able to expand our performance. We have increased our revenue 4x. We have 
doubled the profit, and also I have to point out here: the Mobility business is a completely 
different business than the other two businesses. So from a business mix, it's 
predominantly a project business. Is it electrification? Is it signaling? Then of course, 
related to the projects, there is also a share of service business. And we also have kind of 
product business when we sell components like propulsion systems to customers, to 
Indian Railways, and sometimes even to competition.  
− Also, one special specialty in this business is sometimes we also do turnkey projects. So 
more or less, where we are the general contractor… for example, I can quote here the 
Pune Metro, where we do a turnkey project, more or less delivering a full metro line, 
including construction, including signaling, electrification, and including rolling stock. 
− With regards to our portfolio, as already mentioned by Sunil, it's signaling, it's 
electrification, it's rolling stock, it's bogies, and it's components. Our customers are of 
course in India: Indian Railways as a railway operator. Municipalities for metros, for 

 
 16
example. But as already said sometimes even competition, and of course we also have a 
share of export in this business as well.  
− When it comes to manufacturing, we have two manufacturing locations here in India: one 
for components in Nashik and one for bogies in Aurangabad, both addressing the 
domestic and the export market. And there is one other factory we are operating right 
now, which is the factory in Dahod for our local 9,000 HP locomotive project. I’ll come to 
this a bit later.  
− So with regards to exports, we are high single-digit with regards to export share in this 
business, and it's especially bogies for some European rolling stock projects. And I'm sure 
there will be future opportunities coming up as well. So I'm positive that we will be able 
to expand export share for the Mobility business going forward.  
− When it comes to competition, yes, you're certainly aware that we are faced with strong 
local competition here in India, and there is strong pressure, also pressure on prices in 
the market. Also I mentioned it already: the Mobility business is different. It's a very lumpy 
business. Sunil mentioned it as well. Sometimes you have quarters where orders are 
skyrocketing, then sometimes you have quarters where you don't see a lot of orders, and 
it's just the nature of the business. Maybe the revenue is a little bit more stable, but also 
there you see some ups and downs. And you're certainly aware, this is a business where 
we recognise revenue on a percentage-of-completion method. So when costs are coming 
in, then of course also then the revenue is increasing.  
− So let me now come to the financials: 50 billion in fiscal year ’25; almost 50% growth. 
Major orders in this fiscal year: we have won the high-speed rail signaling, the first one in 
India, for the line Ahmedabad–Mumbai based on the ETCS technology in Q3. Then we 
have also won signaling and communication for Metro Nagpur in this fiscal year. And you 
know I said lumpy business. Also, just if you look at the development of the quarters in 
this fiscal year: Q1 we booked 8 billion in orders, in Q2 we booked 16 billion, in Q3 we 
booked 19 billion, and in Q4 back to 7 billion. So it's really a little bit of a roller coaster. 
But anyway, important is that we win orders. 
− With regards to revenue: 33 billion, plus 15 %, and here the growth is coming from the 
project ramp-up and from execution in our projects. Revenue, I mentioned already, is a 
result of costs coming in for the various projects. So it's based on percentage of 
completion. And usually when we enter into a new fiscal year I would say, maybe roughly 
80% of the future revenue in the new fiscal year is already in our backlog. So more or less 
the book-to-bill, or more or less the orders we need to book in the fiscal year, is more the 
smaller portion to get to our revenue targets.  
− We are doing well on the ramp-up of the local delivery. As you most probably know, we 
have delivered the first loco in May this year, and our Prime Minister has flagged off the 
first locomotive. And for us, and not only this project but in general, the execution of the 
projects is very critical for our margins going forward. Just as an FYI as well: 9,000 

 
 17
horsepower. So this year the increase in revenue for this project versus prior year was 
close to 60 %. So you see, the revenue for this project is picking up. 
− Just a few comments on this project because it's really one of ‘the projects’ for us. The 
project and the development and the ramp-up is on track. The first loco was delivered. 
The factory was set up in record time. So we are ready to raise capacity as planned. And 
for the future, of course, flawless execution of the ramp-up is critical. With regards to 
profit, we have reached 2.6 billion in fiscal year ’25, which means the profitability went 
up by 23% and reached a margin of 7.7 %, which is an improvement of 50 basis points 
versus prior year. The reason for this improvement, again, is of course the revenue ramp-
up. It's the mix of the business, and we have been able to more or less minimise negative 
impacts like NCCs (non-conformance costs) in last fiscal year.  
− In summary, fiscal year ’25 for Mobility was a good year. We booked some important 
orders which are critical also for the future success, also adding again to our already big 
backlog, and the successful ramp-up of our operations is happening, and you could see 
the effect in 50 basis points margin improvement.  
− So now I come to the total picture for fiscal year ’25. Orders are up 21% to 200 billion. We 
have a huge backlog of 423 billion on our books. The revenue grew 8 %. SI and Mobility 
have contributed by double-digit growth. As already mentioned, DI was down due to the 
development back to normal, but we have seen already in DI as well, growth in Q4 in 
revenue.  
− Profit and margin is down. The reason is the decline of profitability in DI. Also we had 
some decline in profitability in the low-voltage motors business. But Mobility and Smart 
Infrastructure, both businesses have compensated. Profit before tax is also down, and 
there are two major, I would say, one-time impacts we have seen this year. In 2024 we 
had a sale of property of 2.9 billion. We couldn't unfortunately repeat in ’25, so that's one 
of the reasons. And the second one: we had energy demerger-related expenses. In ’24 it 
was just 0.1 billion. In ’25 it was 1 billion. So more or less, these two topics explain the 
significant decline in the reported profit before tax. 
− So let me finish: 2025 for us was another successful year. We have completed the 
demerger of the energy business in record time, and we have increased, more or less, 
shareholder value of plus 40% combining both share prices. We have grown our top line, 
especially orders double-digit, but also with the revenue at 8% also close to double-digit. 
We have expanded our profitability and assigned Mobility. And we will continue to focus 
on profitable growth, productivity, and execution. And as also mentioned, our focus will 
also continue to be on investment in capacity in India for domestic and global, wherever 
it makes financial sense. 
− So with this I close my presentation and hand it back to Sunil. 
− Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 

 
 18
− Thanks, Wolfgang. So final slide before we open it up for questions. First is, I think you 
can see that we've delivered consistent performance over the last five years. Our portfolio 
and our strategy is very clearly linked to the Siemens global strategy, is very closely linked 
to the India country's strategy as well. Differentiators will of course be sustainability and 
digitalisation. The way we go to the market is very different now. We are focusing on 
verticals; we are focusing on solutions primarily. We will continue to expand our 
capacities and localise wherever it makes sense. And of course, we have to continue to 
keep an eye on operational excellence.  
− There was a question in the break earlier on around how significant is Siemens India for 
Siemens Global? Maybe just to put that into context: we are the fourth-largest country in 
the Siemens AG world. We are the fastest-growing country, or the fastest-growing market 
for Siemens globally. And I think that puts it in context in totality. The importance for 
Siemens Global in Siemens India is increasing. Strategies are very clearly aligned, and you 
saw the first major moves that were done, which was bringing in rolling stock in the 
Mobility area as well. A lot of transformation that has happened in our Mobility area with 
the Kavach technologies, with software coming in, with the rolling stocks as well. Smart 
Infrastructure continuing on its growth path. 
− So I think the focus is very, very clear. We have almost monthly visits from global board 
members coming to India, which gives an increased focus here on the country. Our Global 
CEO has visited India. He comes once, twice, thrice a year on an average. So there is a 
very clear focus now on India: India for India, but also using India for the rest of the world. 
− With that I hand it back to Radhika for questions and answers.  
− Question & Answer Session: 
− Ms. Radhika Arora - Head Investor Relations, Siemens India: 
− I think you can raise your hands, and maybe we can pass on the mic to you. There is 
somebody in the front row. 
− Mr. Mohit – ICICI Securities: 
− Good morning. This is Mohit from ICICI Securities. My first question on the Mobility. Given 
the strong order book of I think maybe more than 50 billion and 1.8 exportable ratio, even 
excluding the 9,000 HP loco order and the expected supply ramp-up in the 9,000 HP loco, 
I think there are 35 trains, loco sets which are supposed to be delivered in the near term, 
right? My question is: should we expect greater than 20% CAGR in the revenue in the next 
couple of years, and double-digit margin with improvement in the revenues? 
− Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
− Yeah, so if I understood your question correctly, so the loco project should, more or less, 
contribute to the significant… or to growth going forward in the next couple of years?  

 
 19
− Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
− The growth and the margin, both.  
− Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
− To the growth and the margin. Okay, yes, it will. It definitely will, and it will be a kind of a 
step-up process. So most probably you will not see the growth consistently on the same 
level. So whenever we reach the next level of delivery, the delivery schedule, the revenue 
of course will ramp up also because the costs are coming in. So yes, we will see significant 
growth in the next couple of years. Definitely double-digit going forward, and it also 
should contribute to the margin expansion going forward.  
− Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
− So just to put that into context: the contract requirements are 40 to be delivered for the 
next two years, which then gets stepped up to 80 for two years, which then gets stepped 
up to 100 for two years, which then gets stepped up to 160 for the rest. So every time… 
and that's going back to the comment he made, every time there is a step-up, there will 
be that step-up in the volumes, and then there will be continuous growth. 
− Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
− And to add to that, of course, also with the delivery of the locomotives going forward, 
whenever the locomotive is delivered, then also the service part of the contract will kick 
in as well. So it will be over the next couple of years, then definitely a growth story.  
− Mr. Mohit – ICICI Securities: 
The second question is on Smart infrastructure. It has done pretty well for us for the last 
five years. Do you think we can sustain the double-digit growth? And the question is, can 
we see the margin improvement given the fact that the global, I think, reports 18% EBIT 
margin, if I'm not wrong, in the same segment, right? And we have almost localized, 65% 
is the localization level, which is also pretty high.  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- So, the growth will continue as India continues to grow. And why am I saying that? Your 
Discoms, the moment they get privatized and the more privatized they get, the more they 
will need to upgrade their equipment. The entire space that I talked about, in terms of 
buildings and so on, will increase. So, the topline growth we definitely do expect. The 
bottom line growth, yes, you're right, the global achievement is 18%. We are not 100% 
localized yet in that business. But the intent is to continue to expand the bottom line as 
well.  
 
- Mr. Mohit – ICICI Securities: 

 
 20
 
- Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Harshit - Equirus: 
 
- Hi, Sir. This is Harshit from Equirus. Sir, firstly on Digital Industries, we had launched 
Siemens Xcelerator a few years back in India to have the complete ecosystem of 
hardware, software, services alongside our partners. So, what have been the adoption 
levels in India at the moment? And what proportion of our DI business now comes 
through this route?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- So, Siemens Xcelerator; a very good point. We, today, have over 500 customers who have 
used, who have received orders or who have given us orders through the Siemens 
Xcelerator platform. Now, we don't measure digitalization per se as a separate metric 
there because when you look at Xcelerator, that is running across all of Siemens, right. It 
is not only a DI or an SI portfolio, it is covering both of them and it runs across multiple 
subsegments as well. So, we don't measure that. What we do measure is the number of 
customers who are getting interested in solutions that we are offering on Siemens 
Xcelerator is increasing. That has contributed overall to the revenues, not only of DI but 
there could be also SI. 
 
- And I give you an example. We had a Dairy manufacturer who turned around and said, 
‘Can you help reduce my fat content from the time the milk is taken from the cow to the 
tetra pack?’. There is no human intervention in that process. Now, that involves a part of 
process knowledge, which is DI, but it could also involve a part of heating ventilation, of 
the air conditioning as the milk is transported from the farm to the factory. And, 
therefore, you have a combination of both of these elements coming in where we have 
to look at the complete combined offering of Siemens. And that's why we don't measure 
it individually. We look at it customer inwards, which is, can we deliver that solution to 
the customer and then bring together the complete offerings. 
 
- And this is what we offer on Xcelerator. Once we have that offering, customers can go in, 
other customers can go in and say, ‘Hey, they have achieved that efficiency over there, 
I'd like to have something similar’. 
 
- Mr. Harshit - Equirus: 
 
- Understood. Sir, secondly on the Smart Infrastructure business, what would be the size 
of India's Building Automation market in your assessment? And at the moment with the 
portfolio that we have, what proportion of that we are able to address? And what we are 
going to do to fill up the white spaces that we have at the moment?  
 

 
 21
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- So, look, the Building Automation market is the entire commercial buildings, the new 
commercial offices, etc., complexes that are coming up. It is malls, it is stadiums, it is 
airports, it is ports, right. It is even factories, when you put up a factory building. So, all of 
these first require electricity, which we can deliver them via the Low Voltage, Medium 
Voltage products that we have, and then they'll require air conditioning and the 
management of the energy that is used which we can also deliver to them. And, finally, 
they require an overall portfolio or an overall platform that can help bring energy 
consumption down, which is also what we can offer them. 
 
- So, the size of the market is huge, it is growing. The number of airports, you have to see, 
70-80 airports coming up in the next 4-5 years. That's an opportunity. Every airport 
requires electrification, requires energy savings, etc. and that's where we have a space in. 
But just to give you an example. Hospitals; all of these are all part of that portfolio.  
 
- Mr. Harshit - Equirus: 
 
- Thank you, Sir. Just one clarification on the Mobility piece because it’s going to be 
percentage of completion methodology. Will the profit margins be in line at, let's say, step 
ups, give or take few basis points? I'm not saying that if it’s X, so it should be X. Or will it 
be also in a step up form like it can be a percentage and then next and then next?  
 
- Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- Of course, the margin will develop somehow close to the development of the revenue. 
So, when we see a step up in revenue, then you will also see an increase in margin. And, 
of course, if I look at the overall business of Mobility, maybe the contribution then to the 
overall profitability of Mobility maybe a little bit less than specifically only for the project 
piece, yeah. But expect also a margin expansion going forward from the project.  
 
- Mr. Harshit - Equirus: 
 
- Tech services. 
 
- Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- Tech services.  
 
- Mr. Harshit - Equirus: 
 
- Because the delivery of loco would be one part, services would be in one part. 
Theoretically, services should be higher margin than delivery of loco; theoretically. So, the 

 
 22
revenue recognition is on a percentage of completion, so will the cost recognition be in 
line?  
 
- Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- In general, you know, if you really look long term and you notice Mobility project, first, 
there is 11 years of delivery of locomotives and then during this period already the service 
part will partially kick in and then later. And you said that you expect the service margin 
be higher, so more or less, then you would see more margin in the outer years.  
 
- Mr. Harshit - Equirus: 
 
- Okay. 
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- The bump up because even now when we deliver the 40, the service starts for those 40, 
right. 
 
- Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- Exactly, yeah. 
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- So, there will be that increase over a period of time. 
 
- Mr. Harshit - Equirus: 
 
- I think we were, during the break, discussing the capital allocation piece. Now, if I want 
to put numbers behind it, we have almost 70 odd billion of cash, we will be getting 22 odd 
billion of cash from the sale of LV. We do 20 billion of PAT every year and that is going to 
be increasing at a percentage every year. Today, our fixed assets are close to 11-12 odd 
billion, give or take. For our next leg, there are two elements to it. One, you mentioned, 
there will be strategic M&A. So, a part of cash will go there as and when it comes. But 
from our localization perspective, especially in the DIPs where it seems like a chicken and 
egg situation that India is not scaling up so we are not localizing, and maybe India is not 
scaling up because we are not localizing. So, do you think that maybe we can, given that 
we have enough balance sheet, we can upfront some of the investments to localize and 
then look at profitability? I'm talking from a 5-10 year perspective. How are you thinking 
from that?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 

 
 23
- So, look, the capital allocation, one is definitely an M&A. The second is continuous 
investments that we will continue to do in Mobility. And by the way, the investments are 
not only CapEx, right. We are adding hundreds of people every year, right, for 
engineering, for signaling, for example, for a lot of the other areas as well. So, it also goes 
into that. 
 
- Now, localizing ahead of a curve, that is ambitious, right. You've got to turn around and 
say, ‘We will put the money on the table and because we expect the volumes to come’. 
The question that we've got to answer, and he asks more pointedly, is when will that 
volume come? Because that has a different on your IRRs, whether it comes in 1 year or in 
5 years, right. We expected private CapEx to kick in 3 years ago. Had I invested 3 years 
ago, we would have had a challenge right now, right. So, it’s a continuous call that we are 
taking, ‘Where do you invest?’. 
 
- The other part that we have to keep in mind is, some of these products are already being 
manufactured globally. Now, if you look at the global environment, we have the 
opportunity to say, ‘Either you sell the product to us at a price that is competitive in the 
Indian market, that's all that we are interested in’, or we will manufacture it ourselves 
over here. And that's a continuous conversation that we have with the parent company 
because it doesn't make sense, neither for them, because we are a part of their global 
supply chain as well, where, for example, our Goa factory is exporting substantially to the 
parent company. So, we are integrated into the global supply chain. For them, they have 
to take a call does it make sense for them to set up another factory in India and have 
vacant capacities in some other part of the world just to achieve a local price level? Or 
does it make sense for them to drop their price to us so that we can address the local 
market? 
 
- The critical discussion that we have to have is, it's not about setting up a new factory, it's 
about meeting the price level in the market, right. And if we can meet the price level and 
continue to deliver margin improvement, because you want profitable growth, if we can 
meet the price level and continue to deliver margin improvement by importing or by 
buying then that's obviously a preference. It's a much more efficient way to do things.  
 
- Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- I just wanted to add, at the end of the day, it's a question of global demand as well. We 
do see right now in the energy environment, utilities, you know, globally the demand is 
rising, rising, rising, which makes it just much easier to make investment decisions in India. 
So, if you have other industries where the demand is not rising and the manufacturing 
footprint is already there, it makes, of course, investment decisions much more difficult.  
 
- Mr. Harshit - Equirus: 
 

 
 24
- One last question from me. Coming back to Mobility, the electrification order, the large 
electrification order, we know that, as per press reports, the gap between you and the L2 
was pretty large. Does that give us a sense that given where you are in signaling, your cost 
efficiency versus competition is that you can be extremely competitive in that piece? And 
electrification, like you mentioned, 50% market share in metals. Do you think that market 
share at least is sustainable as India electrifies more in Railways?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- So, yes. I think the simple answer to that is yes. Our intent is to continue to gain market 
share, our intent is to continue to grow the topline but to grow the bottom line along with 
it. So, we will not sacrifice the topline at the cost of the bottom line. We have not done 
that in the last 10 years, we won't do that in the next 5 years. The critical factor over there 
is, yes, every now and then you have to take a strategic call on one or the other project. 
But so long as the general trend continues, as we showed you on the chart continuous 
growth in the topline and the bottom line, we will continue to take those calls, absolutely. 
 
- Ms. Radhika Arora - Head Investor Relations, Siemens India: 
 
- I think there is somebody here asking. Yeah.  
 
- Mr. Bhavin - SBI Mutual Fund: 
 
- Couple of questions. So, when we virtually met last year, your outlook on private CapEx 
was not so positive, how do you see that now? I mean, how positive are you versus the 
last year because it looked from the presentation more positive? And while there are 
impediments that you mentioned about the tariff, now 3 years out. So, the outlook 1 year 
and 3 years, how positive are you in high, low or medium? And what drives the change in 
the view that you have? What's driving the optimism?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- So, I mentioned it in my initial comments. The reason why a year ago I was cautious on 
private CapEx was the consumption story was not kicking in, right. You had the problem 
on consumption, therefore, on demand. You had capacity utilizations at 80%-85%. So, the 
logical message would be, if you have capacity at 80% and you see India, you believe in 
the India growth story, that private sector should be investing. But they weren't. Why? 
Because the rate of consumption continuously went down. Obviously, the government 
had a similar view, which is why they came out with these two interventions - reduction 
in the income tax rates and in the GST in September with the hope that that will pick up, 
that will drive consumption. 
 
- Of course, there is a lag period, which is where we are right now. So, in the medium term, 
I am optimistic. I believe by April to June we should start, logically, with everything the 

 
 25
government has done. You have got a PLI in place, you have got a reduced income tax in 
place, you have got a reduced GST in place. I don't know what else the government can 
do. The only thing that is not rounded is the tariff, right. That's the only thing where we 
don't have a conclusion yet. 
 
- How much of a role that plays finally in a private sector decision? Yes, there will be some 
who are cautious, more cautious than others. But, logically, with the reduction in income 
tax and GST, there should be an uptick in private sector. And that's where I am more 
positive. 
 
- Where do I see this story going 3 years later or 2-3 years later? I am very positive. I believe 
the discussions with the US and with Europe, the FTA discussions will get resolved. 
Whether it happens in 1 month, 3 months or 6 months is a matter of detail. But on a 
medium term horizon, 2-3 years, I believe that should get resolved and I hope that the 
tariffs will come down from the US. If they do come down substantially, that should 
definitely contribute to an uptick in the GDP and also, therefore, into the private sector 
CapEx.  
 
- Mr. Bhavin - SBI Mutual Fund: 
 
- The second question, again, is on Mobility. What was the share of the locomotive in the 
revenues the year gone by? And in one of the conference calls that… 
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- I don't want to go into that granularity. 
 
- Mr. Bhavin - SBI Mutual Fund: 
 
- No, but…So, in one of the conference calls that you had mentioned that the margins of 
the locomotive would be equal to the company margins, which were at about 10%-11% 
then, so are you seeing the margin level now that…because that was the time you had 
just bid, now that you have finished the execution, the construction and now you're… 
how do you see the margins now versus your anticipation?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- So, I think what Wolfgang has mentioned, this is a POC contract, right. And the project 
has been calculated at the right margins. It has met our margin hurdle targets over there, 
taking into account the volume of the business. And now, it's a question really of over the 
lifecycle of the project, delivering on those margins. And that is a function of the cost, as 
he mentioned. 
 
- Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 

 
 26
 
- I said it in my presentation more or less that the project ramp up is on track. So, more or 
less, right now no areas of concern. And so, with this, I would assume that we continue 
this way. 
 
- Mr. Bhavin - SBI Mutual Fund: 
 
- So, when I look through the other segments, Mobility by far has the highest level of 
localization and the manufacturing intensity. Maybe you mentioned there is some new 
costs that are there, why are the margins lowest amongst the all 3? And to us, it seems 
disappointment, these should be at least high teens or low teens. How do you see over 2-
3 years out, given the investments that you have done?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- It's CapEx. Look at the amount of CapEx we've put in in the last 2 or 3 years. We've done, 
in Mobility, we opened a bogie factory, we invested in the locomotive factory there, we 
continue to invest in Kavach signaling activities over there, electrification, continuous 
CapEx going in over there. So, it's a CapEx cycle that we are putting in there.  
 
- Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- Look at the margins of other companies in the Mobility business. So, most probably, you 
know, the global Mobility business has a margin of, I don't know, double-digit, 10%, 9.9%. 
And if you look at other competitors, maybe they are more in the range where we are 
right now with 7.7% or 7.8%. Of course, there are also exceptions but also these 
exceptions maybe then your question, is this really the real margin or not the real margin? 
Or is it subsidized when you look further to the East? So, I believe we are not bad with the 
7.7%. And, as we both said, we believe in this business. We will see revenue going up and 
we also believe that we will see margin expansion. And maybe our aspiration is, of course, 
we want to get to the same level as the global business at some point in time.  
 
- Mr. Bhavin - SBI Mutual Fund: 
 
- Just last question on the Digital Industries. We had low teens margins over the previous 
3 years this year. And my understanding of this business was the product may be sold free 
but the money is made in the services, which you said is 20%.  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- No, no, no, no. 
 
- Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
 

 
 27
- You know, the high margin in the past couple of years… 
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- That’s not the business model here. 
 
- Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- It was related to really the special circumstances. You know, there was a lot of demand 
from customers because they were afraid that they don't get any shipments because of 
the supply chains. So, the prices were skyrocketing at the end of the day. So, the transfer 
price model didn't work the other way around. So, more or less, we didn't transfer any 
profits back to the headquarter but we kept it here. 
 
- So, that was more or less the reason why we had significant higher margins than in the 
normal business cycle. And I told you that the more or less the margin range we expect is 
6%-8% plus/minus, where we are right now and where we also will be in the future. Of 
course, the more we grow, the more in absolute terms, the margin will grow. But the 
margin ranges will be, I would assume, in a similar ranges other than we grow the service 
business significantly because the service business is local business and at least not…You 
need to exclude spare parts but everything which is related to value add, this gives us 
opportunities to grow. And here we will, of course, focus on services. But I told you, 
predominantly, the majority of the business is product business.  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- And we won't sell 5 crores or 8 crores automation system for free just to expect 
potentially service project later on.  
 
- Ms. Radhika Arora - Head Investor Relations, Siemens India: 
 
- Yeah, Subhadip. 
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- Hi, good morning. Subhadip here from Nuvama.  
 
- Mr. Subhadip - Nuvama: 
 
- Hi, I am right here. My question is around the Mobility business. I think if we were to look 
at the scenario… 
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 

 
 28
- We will do a separate section on Mobility. Go ahead.  
 
- Mr. Subhadip - Nuvama: 
 
- Right. So, maybe about a year and a half or two back, I think the narrative was more 
around these big bang large loco orders, Vande Bharat orders, etc., whereas today it 
seems to be that the market has moved a little bit more towards subcomponent and 
subsystem orders. Do you envision that the larger orders can come back over a period of 
time? 
 
- And, secondly, there was a large export potential that we had thought of. I understand 
that exports have already started. But, again, anything big bang anticipated on that side, 
let's say over a 2-3 year period?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- So, you're absolutely right. The challenge is the Railways takes a decision on a case by 
case basis, right. Yes, there was a 12,000 horsepower, which is on the horizon. Yes, there 
is a 9,000 horsepower. Yes, there is a 6,000 horsepower on the locomotive. Vande Bharat, 
Vande Metro, all of these are there. Question, there's a commuter rail, one, MRVC tender, 
which is now out, etc. The challenge is, every tender is unique in itself, right. Some of 
them, they turn around and say, ‘Just supply us the components’. Some of them, they 
turn around and say, ‘Do the whole thing’. Some of them, they turn around and they say, 
‘Supply parts of this and the rest we will do. Do the entire EPC’. So, there are different 
models that they are adopting for different tenders, which makes it, to be honest, difficult 
for any supplier to really plan in terms of how do you want to go. You have to react to 
every tender that is coming out in a unique manner. 
 
- Having said that, will more cities require trains, suburban trains? Yes, right, not only 
Mumbai. Will there be intercity trains coming in? So, you're looking already at NHRCTL 
between Delhi to Varanasi, Delhi to Agra, Delhi to all these places. Those are going to 
increase, right. That is their intent, etc., etc. But everyone is different. Some, they say, 
‘just give us the components’. Some, they say, ‘Just do the electrification’. So, it's a 
mixture. It's very difficult to generalize on what their business model is going to be 
keeping in mind they already have their existing factories, which they also have to keep 
occupied as well. 
 
- So, it's a mix and match for them. But they need technology, they need to upgrade the 
technology. So, it's a question of where do they do it? Who supplies the car bodies? Who 
supplies the wagons? Who supplies the interiors? Who supplies the propulsion system, 
the bogies? 
 
- On your second question on exports, yes, we have done two major export deliveries in 
our bogie factory. We are looking at future opportunities as well coming out of the bogie 

 
 29
factory. We're exporting out of our propulsion equipment. So, there are exports taking 
place. When you talk about a big bang export, it doesn't happen necessarily in the railway 
business. So, you won't export a series of Metro trains. You will export 5 cars, 6 cars, etc., 
but that depends on how the global market is developing and how global decides to 
service that requirement as well.  
 
- Mr. Subhadip - Nuvama: 
 
- Understood. Secondly, taking cue from the slides that you presented, the 3 key segments, 
if I look at the story of the last 5 years, I think the industry was growing somewhere 
between 5%-8%. Naturally, you grew at a much faster pace. Your own estimates of 
industry growth are much better now. And then taking cue from what you also said about 
the private sector CapEx, so probably we are looking at 8%-10% plus growth. So, let's say 
over a 3-5 year scenario, can we assume that SI continues to grow at 20% plus and the 
overall businesses, let's say, to a high teen to a 20% growth story, from a topline 
perspective? 
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- So, I'm not going to give a number because a lot of it…and it's not because I don't want 
to, it's just that the visibility in these kind of projects or in these kind of businesses is very 
short term, right. When you look at the SI business, there a lot of it depends on how much 
of investment is going to go, when will the investment actually happen in airports and 
ports. As and when an airport gets built, we will be there. As and when a hotel gets built, 
we will be there. As and when a port, a stadium, a mall gets built, we will be there. So, a 
lot of it is dependent on that visibility. 
 
- We have an element of that business which also feeds into private sector CapEx. So, same 
electricals are used in factories. So, as and when private sector CapEx picks up, that should 
also pick up, right. So, there are a lot of variables over there which are very closely 
interlinked into India's growth story. And that is why it becomes difficult, I don't go out 
deliberately with giving a number because it has to be linked in to India's growth story 
because the Indian investment pattern will determine our growth story over there.  
 
- Mr. Subhadip - Nuvama: 
 
- Understood. Lastly, specifically in SI, any levers for further margin expansion?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- Yeah, we've spoken. Localization, we've talked about. We are looking at, the more you 
grow the topline, it's a volume game. Low and Medium Voltage is a volume game. So, the 
more you grow the topline, the cost degressions happening over there, which will help. 

 
 30
We are looking in all our businesses, DI as well as SI, to get broader in our offerings and 
deeper in the offerings. And that should also help in that process. 
 
- Mr. Subhadip - Nuvama: 
 
- Okay, thank you so much.  
 
- Ms. Radhika Arora - Head Investor Relations, Siemens India: 
 
- I think we can have one question.  
 
- Mr. Sameer Thakur - Ambit: 
 
- Hello, Sameer Thakur from Ambit. So, just on M&A strategy you talked about, is it more 
on bolt-on acquisitions or you're looking for bigger acquisitions as well? And will it be 
driven by global or local management?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- No, no, we are looking for everything, to be honest, yeah. We have a deal book, we've 
scanned the entire market and this ranges from small, very small to very large. The 
challenge that we have…and it is more driven by the needs in the local market rather 
than in the global requirement. What we look at is a couple of things-  
 
• Will this acquisition give us a product that we don't have? 
• Or access to a market that we are not present in? 
• Or a technology that we don't have, which we can scale up not only in India but 
globally as well? 
 
- So, broadly, these are the parameters that we are looking at. And it has to meet our 
margin hurdles as well. So, how do you get all of that? And the challenge is we have a 
deal book that we are continuously reviewing, Not only internally but the board reviews 
it, globally they review it as well to really see what are the opportunities there. But this 
is the criteria that we are following right now. 
 
- Mr. Sameer Thakur - Ambit: 
 
- Okay, thank you. And just on margins, you talked about DI the margins between 6%-8%. 
So, do you have any number for SI and Mobility, any range?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- We're not giving guidance.  
 

 
 31
- Mr. Sameer Thakur - Ambit: 
 
- Okay, fair. 
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- He gave the guidance on 6%-8% because it's transfer price driven. So, there's not much 
that we can do over there unless we do increase service business, as he said. But on the 
rest, we don't give the guidance. 
 
- Mr. Sameer Thakur - Ambit: 
 
- Okay. The last one, on Kavach, what is the strategy there? Are you bidding for Kavach 
orders or it is just for your locomotives or something like that?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- No, no, no. We want to be a serious player in Kavach. We already have a first 
developmental order from the Indian Railways in Bangalore. And we will definitely be a 
player in the Kavach market. 
 
- Mr. Sameer Thakur - Ambit: 
 
- OK, thanks.  
 
- Ms. Radhika Arora - Head Investor Relations, Siemens India: 
 
- Yeah, please. 
 
- Mr. Jonas - Aditya Birla: 
 
- Yeah. Hi, gentlemen. Jonas here from Aditya Birla. So, a couple of questions. Firstly, you 
know, given that the company is now sort of X Energy… 
 
- Ms. Radhika Arora - Head Investor Relations, Siemens India: 
 
- Only 2. 
 
- Mr. Jonas - Aditya Birla: 
 
- Yeah-yeah, couple. So, if you can give us a broad split of revenues? I think you used to 
give it earlier projects versus products, it will be good to understand X Energy, how does 
that split look like now? 
 

 
 32
- Also, you spoke a lot about the solution selling, you know, which of the 3 segments is 
more indexed to that? And does it only have a read-through on revenue or also has a 
margin impact? 
 
- And lastly on, you know, the government facing side of the business, particularly which 
of the 3 segments…You know, Mobility obviously will have a government facing that 
between SI and DI, which is more direct government facing, if you can speak about that?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- So, I'll start from the back because that's what I can remember and then I hand over to 
Wolfgang. Government facing, you are right, Mobility is entirely government facing. SI is 
to the extent of power utilities, the distribution business, that is government facing. The 
rest of the business is a mixture of government and industries both. Digital Industries is 
no government, it is 100%  private capital. 
 
- The share of project… 
 
- Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- You just take what we have shown in the last Analyst Meet, it hasn't changed significantly. 
And that's why we decided not to show again because there was no major movement 
between project and product business.  
 
- Mr. Jonas - Aditya Birla: 
 
- And on the solution piece? 
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- So, on the solutions, it varies. It depends how we do those solutions there. There will be 
some solutions where we go to a system integrator where we provide products to the 
system integrator. Then our margins, our product margins, and the system integrator gets 
a solution over there. There will be some customers who will want us to stitch the whole 
thing together. And then we buy everything in and then it becomes a kind of a solution. 
 
- But we prefer not to do that unless we are able to develop a scalable model out of it. So, 
most of the solution, which is primarily DI and SI, would be the kind where we offer the 
products and the system integrator stitches it together.  
 
- Ms. Radhika Arora - Head Investor Relations, Siemens India: 
 
- We have one question behind here. Yeah. 
 

 
 33
- Participant: 
 
- First, on the cashflows front, if you look at your operating cashflows versus what Siemens 
used to do in the past, they are much weaker, right, less than 20%  of EBITDA. So, any 
specific thing? Because on year-on-year basis that might not be comparable because… 
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- CapEx investment has gone up.  
 
- Participant: 
 
- On the operating front because of… 
 
- Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- Sunil is right. On one hand, of course, we have CapEx with regards to our investments in 
manufacturing. Then, also we have OpEx related to these investments. And one big 
portion is also we invest a lot in working capital right now for the Mobility business.  
 
- Participant: 
 
- Okay. And as the Mobility share goes up, that means it would keep on increasing the 
working capital need?  
 
- Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- Honestly, no. This was just more or less related to the ramp up of the 9K horsepower 
project and also some other larger projects. So, I would expect right now the majority is 
done, so it will stabilize. And, so, we should see a more positive development on the 
cashflow side going forward.  
 
- Participant: 
 
- And second question, sorry, on again the Mobility front. Just you explained the 
percentage completion method because it's a contract with just two parts - O&M as well 
as the product delivery, right. So, when you consider margins as IND AS 115, these would 
be considered two separate obligations? And you first recognize margin only on products 
or it's considered entire lifecycle, including O&M for margins?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 

 
 34
- No, it is considered as two separate contracts. There's a supply contract and there's a 
service contract. Both of them are POC. And as and when the cost comes in for each of 
them, the revenue is recognized.  
 
- Participant: 
 
- Okay, thanks. 
 
- Mr. Wolfgang Wrumnig - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- Maybe just to clarify my statement, so when I say our cashflow should improve, it's not 
that you will see now something you won already. So, I'm talking about the full fiscal year.  
 
- Ms. Radhika Arora - Head Investor Relations, Siemens India: 
 
- So, we'll just take last 2 questions.  
 
- Mr. Amit Mahawar - UBS: 
 
- Yeah, hi. Amit Mahawar from UBS. I have two questions. First, on Smart Infra. Since the 
time you've taken over C&S, you know, we took some time. You know, a lot of cleansing 
has happened and profitability is up. But I think the revenue momentum of C&S 
integrating and marketing Siemens and Siemens marketing C&S portfolio globally and 
locally, we're yet to see the best of it. So, if you can throw some light on how are we 
geared up even on the capacity side for C&S and non- C&S portfolio? Because, 
theoretically speaking, it can be a large market and you will choose, you know, when C&S 
markets Siemens to the infra customers and Siemens markets C&S to the energy 
customers? What would be the rationale? 
 
- And the second part is on the Mobility side. The pipeline from a 2-3 year view, I 
understand Railways is very unpredictable, so Metros, Indian Railways and the semi- high-
speed and the locos. Still you must be having a 3-4 year, you know, glide path of what 
kind of pipeline is there? 
 
- So, these two questions. Thank you.  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- Okay. So, on C&S, actually, the volumes are not too bad. We have plus 20% volume 
increases in C&S. So, those are increasing. What we don't do, deliberately we won't do, is 
we will not get C&S to market Siemens products and Siemens to market C&S. Otherwise, 
we cannibalize each other's markets, right. And that's why we are keeping a very clear 
firewall between C&S and Siemens Limited in the market. Of course, at the back end, we 
coordinate but we make sure that you don't get a C&S salesman going to a customer and 

 
 35
a Siemens salesman going to the same customer, right. Because, obviously, then you have 
got cannibalization happening. 
 
- So, effectively, we have identified clear markets in which C&S will enter into, which are 
the mid-level markets, which is why we bought it, where Siemens is in any case not 
competitive, right. And Siemens stays in the premium markets, which are more mature, 
where C&S can't get a foothold into over there. 
 
- Come to the export, the export process has taken time to pick up. And the reason is, every 
country that you go to, you need to get that qualification done of your products and that 
is taking time over there. Having said that, it's still doing reasonably good exports. But 
that is something that we have to grow. The domestic business of C&S is doing very well. 
 
- On the Mobility side, yes, our visibility is there for the next 2-3 years. Kavach is definitely. 
The question that we can't answer to you is when will the next bunch of tenders come 
out, right. The opportunity on Kavach is there, the market is there. When will the next 
bunch of signaling tenders come out? When will the next bunch of commuter rail come 
out? Usually, they do 1 or 2 a year but a lot of it depends on States. A lot of it is not only 
Central subject, it's also a State subject. And then you have the main line, which is mainly 
the Railways, where they are looking at semi-high-speed and so on over there. That is 
continuing. 
 
- But there again, going back to the earlier question, they are adopting different business 
models. Now, do they want only components or do they want the complete wagon over 
there, the complete car, etc., etc. So, the need and the market is visible to us. The timing 
for when the tenders will come that is not visible to us. We know what is coming in the 
next 3-6 months because that is the timeline that it requires to prepare the tender. But 
beyond that we don’t really have that visibility.  
 
- Ms. Radhika Arora - Head Investor Relations, Siemens India: 
 
- Yeah, go ahead. Can we have a mic there, please? Okay, please go ahead.  
 
- Ms. Teena - Motilal Oswal: 
 
- Just one question from my side. This is Teena from Motilal Oswal. Which all segments of 
Siemens got impacted by QCO norms? And is it possible for you to quantify the impact on 
overall cost because of this? And is it over or it may continue for another few more 
quarters?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 

 
 36
- So, as Wolfgang mentioned, we had one quarter where there was a slowdown because 
of QCO but then we picked up afterwards and we haven’t had any impact of QCO since, 
right, in none of our businesses. 
 
- And the reason is, we started this process. We were the first company that got the license 
from the QCO authorities, the moment they announced it over there. But it took us those 
2-3 months, that one quarter, time to get it not because of us but more because of the 
government’s internal processes. 
 
- Over a period of time we have continued on this path of localization. So, the impact for 
us is has not been very, very high. Where has it impacted primarily in the Low Voltage 
business, to a little extent in the Mobility but very, very negligible over there, but mainly 
in the Low Voltage business, both in C&S and in our regular Low Voltage. But both of them 
were up and running after that first bump, that Wolfgang talked about in, Q1.  
 
- Ms. Teena - Motilal Oswal: 
 
- So, now they are fully compliant and no more incremental investments are needed?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- Yeah, now we are okay. Now, we are okay. And, as you know, the QCO has now been 
lifted indefinitely and we will continue our process of localization, not knowing whether 
they will bring it down again at some point in time. So, we are well aware of that. But we 
are working with the BIS and all the others on that process. So, it has not impacted us. 
We are not worried.  
 
- Ms. Teena - Motilal Oswal: 
 
- Sure. Thank you.  
 
- Ms. Radhika Arora - Head Investor Relations, Siemens India: 
 
- Just one last question, please.  
 
- Mr. Mohit - Citi Research: 
 
- Yeah, this is Mohit from Citi Research. Firstly, if you can just share an update on the 
ongoing CapEx, the likely commissioning timelines? Yeah.  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- So, the ongoing CapEx is basically the Medium Voltage, GIS Medium Voltage, and the 
Vacuum Interrupters. I think we will start commercial production in October’26 on the 

 
 37
Medium Voltage and a couple of months earlier, plus/minus couple of months, on the 
Vacuum Interrupters. Those are the major ones that are happening, the rest are routine 
in capacity. 
 
- Mr. Mohit - Citi Research: 
 
- And on the Mobility side, I understand in Aurangabad certain CapEx… 
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- Sorry? 
 
- Mr. Mohit - Citi Research: 
 
- Mobility CapEx, Aurangabad.  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- So, Aurangabad is bogies, we have done it already. And we are looking now how we need 
to do that. We are even considering whether it really makes sense to do it ourselves, do 
we work with partners instead, how much to localize. So, those are the discussion that 
we are having right now.  
 
- Mr. Mohit - Citi Research: 
 
- Understood. And second question is on Discom privatization. Just wanted to get a sense 
of how meaningful it could be given that you’re saying already 75% or more of the 
Discoms are using switchgears, right? So, can it be very meaningful from these levels 
already?  
 
- Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens India: 
 
- Yes, I didn’t say that the market for Discoms is over, quite to the contrary. I only said the 
installed capacity, right, has got a lot of our switchgear in it. Now, all the installed capacity 
needs to be upgraded. The Discoms weren’t able to do it, they didn’t have the financial 
capability to do it. All of that needs to be upgraded. You need fresh switchgear, you need 
fresh SCADA systems, etc., etc. And all of that is something that we have. 
 
- As privatization comes in, the first thing that the developers do is to see how to cut losses 
over there, both transmission commercial losses and distribution losses as well. And that 
is where we come in and we can help them on the switchgear side, on the circuit protect, 
overall on the automation side, networking, etc., etc.  
 
- Mr. Mohit - Citi Research: 

 
 38
 
- Understood. Thank you.  
 
- Ms. Radhika Arora - Head Investor Relations, Siemens India: 
 
- Okay. So, with that, we will close the session today. Thank you everyone for joining us, 
both who are joining us online and who are here with us, and you can join us now outside 
for some tea and coffee. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
