HDB Financial Services Limited  
HDB House, Tukaram Sandam Marg, 
A - Subhash Road, Vile Parle (E), 
Mumbai – 400057. 
Web: www.hdbfs.com 
Tel: 022 – 4911 6350 
Fax: 022 – 4911 6666 
CIN: L65993GJ2007PLC051028 
Email: investorcommunications@hdbfs.com 
 
Registered Office: Radhika, 2nd Floor, Law Garden Road, Navrangpura, Ahmedabad - 380 009. 
 
 
HDB/SLC/2025/1393 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
 
To, 
Listing Compliance Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400051 
 
Scrip Code: HDBFS  
To, 
Listing Compliance Department  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai -  400001 
 
Scrip Code: 544429 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended September 30, 2025 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
In continuation to our letter dated October 15, 2025, we wish to inform you that pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Earnings 
Call with analysts and investors held on October 15, 2025, in relation to the Unaudited Standalone Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2025, has been made available on the website of 
the Company at the link: 
 
https://www.hdbfs.com/investor/dur62-financial-results 
 
A copy of the transcript is annexed herewith.  
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For HDB Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Dipti Jayesh Khandelwal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F11340 
 
Encl.: As above 
DIPTI 
KHANDELWAL
Digitally signed by DIPTI KHANDELWAL 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=400002, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
street=MUMBAI, l=MUMBAI, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=182f8564be816cacd3c45db6ee9c88399fce6
c3c06fb46b298295493da9812ac, 
pseudonym=2492da44b5af493f9cf84eeb015633ab, 
2.5.4.20=390c0f054b2c43e2ef08c3e9c738862674827c1dc6
7e3ab466b1ccd9605d00de, 
email=DIPTI.KHANDELWAL@HDBFS.COM, cn=DIPTI 
KHANDELWAL 
Date: 2025.10.18 13:44:47 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
HDB Financial Services Limited 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
For the Earnings Call held on October 15, 2025, 18:30hrs IST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. G RAMESH – MD & CEO 
 
MR. JAYKUMAR SHAH – CFO  
 
MR. VISHAL PATEL – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Disclaimer: Certain statements in this release are forward looking in nature, which involve a number of risks, and uncertainties 
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. HDB Financial Services 
Limited (HDBFS) does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or 
on our behalf. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted 
by HDB Financial Services. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Ladies and 
gentlemen, also note this conference call is only for analysts and investors and not for media.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Patel from HDB Financial Services. Thank you 
and over to you, Mr. Vishal. 
Vishal Patel: 
Thank you, Sagar. I welcome you all to the Q2FY26 earnings call of HDB Financial Services 
Limited. We have with us Mr. G Ramesh – MD and CEO along with Mr. Jaykumar Shah – CFO 
and the senior management of the company. 
I believe all of you would have had a chance to peruse our financial results, investor presentation 
and press release, which have been filed with the stock exchanges earlier today.  
We will start with the management remarks and then open up the call for Q&A. Audio recording 
of this call will be available on our website shortly after the call ends. 
 
I will now request Mr. G Ramesh for his opening remarks, followed by Mr. Jaykumar Shah who 
will provide a brief on the financial results. We will open up thereafter for Q&A. 
G Ramesh: 
Thank you, Vishal, and very good evening to all of you who have joined us today. Greetings of 
the season.  
Briefly on the macros, India seems to be in a very unique situation in terms of domestic 
economic activity, showing resilience in spite of geopolitical uncertainties as indicated by GDP 
estimates and high frequency indicators. 
 
The latest monetary policy review commentary on growth and inflation estimates bodes well for 
the economy. The robust monsoon season is expected to perk up rural consumption. Easing 
inflation, and the impetus provided by GST rationalization bodes well for the broader economy 
and financiers as we step into the festive season.  
The regulator’s comments as a part of the latest monetary policy commentary on the draft 
circular for forms of business is meaningful and augurs well for us, while we wait for the final 
guidelines. 
 
 
 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
Coming to the quarterly business updates, as you would all recollect, we have our businesses 
which are bucketed into three distinct business lines.  
The first business is what we call Enterprise Lending. This business has both secured and 
unsecured loans.  
The secured lending products, which primarily consists of loan against property (LAP) and 
enterprise business loans, grew moderately in Q2. On gold loans, recent changes in regulations 
in the gold loans business has helped us gain good traction in Q2 along with increase in price of 
the metal and augurs well for this segment going forward.  
We have held a conservative position on unsecured business loans. As asset quality pressures 
ease, we expect to return to a growth trajectory in the coming quarters.  
The second business that we have is what we call Asset Finance.  
In Asset Finance: We had faced challenges in the commercial vehicle financing segment (CV) 
on asset quality in Q1 and this continued through Q2 as well. Monsoon accentuated matters as 
high precipitation in specific geographies of the country, i.e. North and East, impeded vehicle 
deployment with consequent impact on customer cash flows. Based on our business insights, we 
believe that vehicle idling, which is a phenomenon that we normally notice in Q2 because of 
monsoon, was much higher this year than in the prior years. The second factor was that there 
was deferment of demand for vehicles because of announcement of GST rate rationalization. 
 
However, with the extended monsoon season and a seasonally slow quarter behind us, we 
anticipate a positive momentum in book growth with the onset of the festive season and 
supported by key policy changes made by the Government through GST rate cuts, which have 
essentially reduced the cost of ownership of commercial vehicles. 
 
On Consumer Finance, which is the third business line  
In this segment, again, growth was moderate in Q2 due to demand deferment on expected GST 
reductions, which have actually now come through specifically in some product categories like 
two-wheelers, consumer durables and auto.  
There should be a pickup in demand in auto, two-wheelers and consumer durables (CD) on the 
back of 1) Festive season, 2) Easing inflation, 3) Better kharif crop sowing and growing farm 
incomes, and that should be a positive for this segment going forward. We have already started 
seeing good movement in retail offtake in the first few days of October, which should reflect in 
the months ahead.  
Thank you all for joining in and wishing everyone a very happy Diwali and a wonderful festive 
season. I will now hand over to our CFO, Mr. Jaykumar Shah for an update on the financials. 
 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thank you, Ramesh. A very warm welcome to all. Moving on to the financial performance for 
the quarter.  
 
Customer franchise grew to 21.0 million with an increase of 4.2% sequentially and 
19.6% Y-o-Y.  
 
The Gross Loan Book as of September 30, 2025 stood at ₹111,409 crores, growing 
1.9% sequentially and 13% Y-o-Y. Secured loans comprise 73% of the Total Loan 
Book 
 
Disbursements for the quarter ended September 30, 2025 was ₹15,599 crores, up by 
2.8% sequentially 
 
Branch count stood at 1,749, spread across 1,157 cities and towns  
 
Net interest income for the quarter was ₹2,192 crores, an increase of 4.8% Q-o-Q and 
19.6% Y-o-Y 
 
Net Interest Margin (NIM) for Q2FY26 improved to 7.9% vs 7.7% in Q1FY26 and 
7.5% in Q2FY25 
 
Cost-to-income ratio for our lending business declined to 40.7% in Q2FY26 as 
compared to 42.7% in Q1FY26 and 42.7% in Q2FY25. The ratio for the half year was 
41.6% as compared to 43.0% compared last year H1FY25 
 
Cost-to-assets reduced from 3.8% to 3.7% Q-o-Q  
 
Pre-provisioning operating profit for the quarter was ₹1,502 crores as against ₹1,388 
crores for the prior quarter  
 
Credit cost for the quarter was ₹748 crores as against ₹670 crores for the prior quarter.  
 
Profit after tax for the quarter ended September 30, 2025 was ₹581 crores as against 
₹568 crores for the prior quarter 
 
Gross Stage 3 as at September 30, 2025 stood at 2.81% as against 2.56% as at June 
30, 2025  
 
Provision coverage ratio on Stage 3 stood at 54.73% as at September 30, 2025  
 
RoA (annualized) for the quarter ended September 30, 2025 stood at 1.93% which 
includes opening assets of approximately ₹9,000 crores of OFS money on June 30, 
2025. Adjusted for this, the RoA would be 2.02% 
 
RoA (annualized) for H1FY26 stood at 2.1%  
 
RoE (annualized) for quarter ended September 30, 2025 stood at 12.23% 
 
Earnings per share for the quarter was ₹7.0 and Book Value per share stood at ₹233.1  
 
Our borrowing mix remains well diversified with a positive cumulative mismatch 
across all buckets up to 5 years  
 
We remain well capitalized with total CRAR i.e. capital adequacy of 21.82% as at 
September 30, 2025  
 
So, this was a summary from our end. Sagar, we can now open the floor for Q&A. 
 
 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the Q&A session. Our first question comes from 
the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Good evening, sirs. Thank you for taking my question. So, a couple of things. In your opening 
commentary, you spoke about some stress that we saw in CV in 1Q and that continued in 2Q as 
well. You also spoke about some vehicle idling, which in 2Q was much higher than prior years. 
 
Likewise, in the last quarter, you had shared something around MSME that we have seen. If you 
could just touch upon that. In addition to that, are there any other newer retail stress segments 
which have emerged within the quarter? That is my first question. 
 
The second question was, now that we have practically seen through almost the festive season, 
maybe another five days to go, what is the view that is emerging? I remember you ended your 
opening remarks by saying that in the first few days of October, we are seeing a good retail 
uptick. So, if you could just, for the benefit of all of us, kind of dwell on that, how has the festive 
season been, both Navratri and what is Deepavali looking like? 
 
And lastly, sir, given that you are among the first NBFCs to report in a new season, if you could 
just kind of speak about some of the trends that you would have seen in the last quarter, that 
would help all of us? Thank you, sir. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thank you, Abhijit, for your questions. I will try and answer them. Jaykumar here.  
So, in terms of the stress segment, Abhijit, I will just cover it as a whole, I think, so that it helps 
holistically. As you are aware, Enterprise Lending is approximately 38% of our book, Asset 
Finance approximately 38%, and the remaining is Consumer Finance.  
We spoke about, and you specifically referred to MSME. We had quoted last time stating that 
we had seen stabilization in our MSME book, and that is continued into Q2 as well. So, we 
haven't seen any significant stress increase in MSME space within the Enterprise Lending 
segment that we had called out earlier. So, that's one. 
 
Second, on the CV space in specific, we had stated at the end of Q1 that there were certain 
challenges. As Ramesh alluded to, on account of some of the monsoon challenges, i.e. flash 
floods that you have seen in the North and East of the country - there have been certain areas 
which have actually been closed for more than a week/10 days/or even 15 days. This has resulted 
in vehicles not really plying the roads, which has impacted our customer base, and, as a result 
of which, that there has been stress which has come through. As we have moved into towards 
latter part of September – we believe that that was an event that happened in August, or July and 
August, and we should be moving forward from here on.  
In terms of the festive season view, we are, as you know, all of us have read in the newspapers, 
and as all of us are looking around in the market, there is a lot of positivity that we see all around 
us in the retail segment. We are very hopeful that with that positivity, we should be able to ride 
that, ride the market, and do well over the coming quarters. 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Just a follow-up there, sir. So you spoke about this positivity in the festive season. We have seen 
that across both auto as well as consumer durables? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So in the consumer segment, we are surely seeing it. In the other segments, there is some amount 
of positivity, but I think we have to give it time. It is the first week, 10 days of October. As we 
go through the month of October and beyond, we will have to see that. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it, and so other than CV and MSME, there is no... 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Can I request you to come back in so that others also get a chance, and then I am sure I can 
answer more. Thank you so much. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Viral Shah from IIFL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So, if you can just, say, double-click on the asset quality 
piece. So, you mentioned that MSME has not seen any deterioration on a sequential basis. And 
even in Asset Finance, it is only commercial vehicle. So this entire stress of, I would say, what 
we are seeing in net slippages is attributable only to the commercial vehicle segment on a 
sequential basis. 
 
And secondly, Jay, if you can also talk about the provisioning. So, if I see and look at the Stage 
1 and 2 numbers also, I understand Stage 3, there could be some write-off impact. But why has 
the PCR come down for the Stage 1 and 2? That would be two questions for my end. Thank you. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Okay. So I will cover the first one first, which is on terms of slippages, etc. It is materially 
coming from the CV segment. There has been a little bit of construction equipment (CE) that 
gets affected, naturally. It is in a similar domain. But that is rather small. Largely, it has come 
through the CV segment. So when you look at 2.56% to 2.8%, that is what contributes to it in 
terms of slippages. 
 
As far as the provisioning is concerned, you would think about it – as the last time also we had 
spoken, ours is largely a formula-based piece. We have a very diverse portfolio ranging from 
LAP through to Consumer Finance. The book mix in terms of what sits in what book drives it a 
lot more. Plus, the PD-LGD of each book is very different. If you look at our Stage 3 provisions, 
again, as the secured book has gone into it, there is a slight bit of difference, but that's more 
because each product has a PD-LGD.  
On Stage 2, our provisions are largely similar. On Stage 1, as some of the book mix has moved, 
there is a slight bit of reduction. But on overall basis, fundamentally, there is no change in 
approach that we have towards provisioning. 
 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
Viral Shah: 
Got it. And just on your piece and commentary with regard to the CV segment, you mentioned 
that that is the major contributor. Within that, is it the new or the used piece? And has it anything 
to do with the correction in the CV prices, especially on the used piece? 
G Ramesh: 
What happens in Q2, it is a seasonal thing and it happens both in construction equipment and in 
commercial vehicles, that there is some amount of idling that happens. For example, let's say a 
construction equipment is being used in a mine, and the mine gets flooded because of rains. So, 
there will be idling of the machine. Similarly, if there is very heavy rains, and if a vehicle 
typically covers, let's say 100 kilometers or 150 kilometers a day, that might come down by 
about 20%-30%. So, historically, if you look at Q2 as a season for commercial vehicles, there's 
about 20% idling that you can look at in this period, as compared to Q3 or Q4. Some of our 
insights suggest that this time in certain markets, that went as high as 30%-35%. So, it's not 
really a vehicle type, but really where the vehicle was and how the vehicle got impacted by 
unseasonal rains or inability to commute because of weather conditions. 
Viral Shah: 
Yes, got it. Thank you so much, and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Shubhranshu Mishra from Philip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, quickly on the climatic change impacting our book. Climatic 
change today is a reality. So, are we providing additionally for this and because even the climate 
change can be predicted to a certain extent. So, and this should be a seasonal thing. So, anything 
more to eat into the asset quality and what should be a sustainable credit cost that we should 
punch into our models? Also, if you can spell out the PD and LGD assumptions for the CV 
piece. Thanks. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thank you. So, Shubhranshu, I will cover the second part, first. So, in terms of PD, LGDs, how 
we look at, we have depending on the individual product between a 5-8 year bucket in terms of 
the data that is available. So, we go through the cycle in terms of what is the probability of 
default (PD) and the loss given default (LGD) for each asset type and that is what we factor in.  
In terms of specifically on seasonality, you are right, it does affect in certain times and India is 
a country where seasonality of course is there. That largely gets factored into PD, LGD and also 
in the asset movement. So, today, if you look at it where some of the book has moved to Stage 
3 from Stage 2 between September and December, sorry, between June and September, you are 
actually seeing provisions increase. So, it naturally factors it in terms of the risk parameter, for 
us to look at it more closely and then work on corrections and recoveries. 
 
 
 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
What would be blended PD-LGD, if you could please call that out for the CV book? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
We don't put it out because I think it's a complex model. But what I would suggest is you speak 
to our IR team, you speak to Vishal after the call and we will see how to best factor that in. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Can I just squeeze in one last question? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Shubhranshu sir. May we request you return to the queue for any follow-up 
questions, please? Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shweta from Elara. 
Please go ahead. 
Shweta: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. So, I have two questions. The first on credit cost. So, barring 
the pandemic period, today the credit costs have actually reached historical highs. So, at 2.7%, 
knocking off the seasonal challenges pertaining to the first half of the year, what is the 
normalized credit cost going forward, say, for the next two years? That's the first question.  
Second, again, sorry to harp on asset finance, on the CV side. So, while you mentioned about 
certain distinct challenges of vehicle idling, also certain markets or regional challenges, will 
these challenges be able to – will these challenges negate the positives coming from GST rate 
rationalization?, and therefore, do we expect CV vehicle financing growth to remain subdued 
even for the remainder part of the year? Yes, those are my two questions. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Okay. So, in terms of credit cost, let me take on that one. Shweta, what we look at is, I would 
not say, we do not provide an immediate term forecast. But in the 3-5 year period, we look to 
operate within a 2.2% plus/minus in terms of overall credit cost, and that is where we believe 
the ideal range for our book is. Today, we are at 2.7%, which is on the elevated side, and we 
expect that to start coming down from the coming quarters. That's the first one.  
In terms of GST rate rationalization, I think we have got to watch that space closely. It is a very 
recent phenomenon, where things have just about panned out in the last two weeks, if I can put 
it that way. People are still getting to terms, in terms of how should some of the used segment 
play and some of the new segment play. We believe that with the country growing, there is 
enough opportunity. As we go through this coming quarter, I think it will be worth watching that 
space and then commenting on it. 
G Ramesh: 
So, one more point, Shweta, that you asked about the credit cost. So, if you look at pre-pandemic, 
our product mix is very, very different compared to what it is today. For example, our consumer 
book was just about 10% six, seven years ago. So, really, you can't compare credit costs, let's 
say, five years ago with the credit cost today, because our product mix has changed substantially. 
Many of the products that were very small in our book five years ago are large contributors to 
our balance sheet. So, when we look at credit cost, it has been sort of a blended cost based on 
the product mix, and as I said, Jay has sort of given you a credit cost that we are comfortable 
with, given our current product mix. 
 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
Shweta: 
Right. So, just a follow-up question there on commercial vehicles… 
Moderator: 
Shweta ma'am, may we request you to return to the queue for any follow-up questions, please? 
Thank you so much, ma'am. Our next question comes from the line of Avinash Singh from 
Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening. Two questions. The first one is that can you please help your mix of 
new and old in your CV? And the second question is, with all these kind of – some bit of 
challenges that were there and some bit of a demand revival across businesses and added 
consumption, this 13% kind of growth, of course, I would think are lower than normal. What 
kind of growth do you expect to pan out in H2 and probably in FY27? Thanks. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thanks, Avinash. So, Avinash, let me answer both your questions. The first one was new and 
used. So, if you look at our slides, this is something which a lot of you had asked for. So, if you 
look at our slides on Slide 18, we have actually put it out. So, CV new is 16% and CV used is 
9% of our book today. In terms of your other question was?  
Avinash Singh: 
On growth outlook, because I mean, 13% growth… 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Yes. So from a growth outlook point of view, the way – I think one of your colleagues asked the 
question earlier. The way we would look at it is Q3, again, as I mentioned, we see a lot of upbeat 
in terms of the entire expectation from the market, expectation from the customer and 
expectation on the street. Now, that needs to translate – the first week, 10 days, as Ramesh 
mentioned, have been positive on the consumer side. We are very hopeful that that translates 
into a much better growth momentum for the entire retail industry. That should augur well for 
our growth for the quarter and beyond.  
In terms of the medium term, if I were to look at a 3-5 year trajectory in terms of how we build 
our projections and we build our growth forecast, we look at 18% - 20% CAGR book growth 
over a period of time. Of course, as GDP moves forward and grows well, we would adjust and 
we have the absolute engine and the capability to do a lot more. So again, GDP numbers came 
in positive over Q1 and assuming that continues over Q3 and Q4, you should see good 
momentum pick up for us as well. 
Avinash Singh: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shreya Shivani from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I have a question on the LAP book. I can see your ticket 
sizes are on the higher side in this book. However, if you can help us understand, do we have 
under 10 lakh ticket size over here? What is the stress trend in this portion, if any? 
Now, second question is on the business loan and the gold loan. Broadly similar kind of a ticket 
size and assuming that the same kind of customer would come to you for either of the loans. Can  

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
you help me understand, was the trend very divergent? Did you go slow on business loan and 
gold loans, do we have an idea which must have grown at a much faster pace? So those are my 
two questions. Thank you. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So, thank you so much. Shreya, on terms of LAP book, we might have a few loans here and 
there in terms of less than 10 lakhs, but most of them are, in the average book that's mentioned. 
So it's, you know, 2.5 million plus, right? That's one. 
 
In terms of business loans, as Ramesh mentioned, we have been slightly conservative in that 
space. It is an area we have specifically called out over the last, I would say almost 3 quarters, 
where we have had stress and we have watched that space closely. We have now achieved some 
level of base where we believe credit cost is moderated and expected to come down. We would 
hope and work on growth in that business in the coming quarters.  
Last one being on the gold side, that is an area as was specifically mentioned at the beginning, 
we see it as a good opportunity with all the rules harmonizing. Our book has almost grown by 
10% Q-o-Q and 40% Y-o-Y in the gold space. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Just on the LAP portion, any stress trends for your portfolio? I understand you do not have under 
10 lakhs, but anything that you would like to highlight over there? 
G Ramesh: 
So, just at a level, the way LAP is underwritten is that – this is a customer who has got a property 
that he or she owns, and that's a collateral for a business loan that the customer takes, which 
means that the business has to have sound financials to generate enough cash for a monthly EMI. 
Now, if you are looking at a loan of, let's say, 5 million, you are looking at a EMI of upwards of 
₹50,000 a month and what you expect the customer generate adequate cash flows to be able to 
service that kind of EMI. So I think the advantage of a collateral is that the company is able to 
give a slightly longer term loan, so which reduces the monthly outflow. But also because you 
are writing a longer tenure, you have to make sure that the business that the customer has is of a 
quality that can sustain for the next few years while the loan is being serviced. 
 
Unsecured business loan, by contrast, is for smaller amounts, and if you can see our ticket size 
is about ₹300,000, but they are also underwritten for shorter tenures, which means that the EMI 
is in the region of ₹10,000 to ₹15,000. You are evaluating the customer for ability to service a 
smaller amount for a shorter tenure. 
 
Gold loans, by contrast, are typically shorter tenure contracts, because this is a product where 
customers would like to pre-pay as soon as possible, because it is really a temporary business 
requirement that they are looking at to fulfill. So, I think your question is probably around micro 
LAP as a segment. We typically do not have exposure to that segment. We are underwriting 
customers with larger value properties and larger ticket sizes. 
Shreya Shivani: 
No, no, completely understood. This is very clear. Thank you so much. 
 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 
G Ramesh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rajiv Mehta from YES Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening. My first question is on asset quality. So when I look at your loan stages 
and the movement to the quarter, so Stage 3 increasing is a very is pretty much in line with the 
seasonal pattern. When we look at the overall Stage 3, including the right of amount. 
 
But when we look at Stage 2, Stage 2 is stable and broadly by calculating the flows coming from 
Stage 1, the flow rate seems to be improving while I mean, Q1 Q2 improves, but even by and 
by the flow rate seems to be stable. Are there any early indications that from Stage 1, the 
collection efficiency is now getting better or the flow rates from Stage 1 going into Stage 2? Is 
it getting better in the recent months? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So Rajiv, let me give you a little longer answer and try and address your question. If you look at 
Stage 3, right, as we called out earlier, there has been certain flood like situations. Assam was 
closed for 5 days for certain reasons, the northern belt had certain challenges. So some of the 
expectations that we had in terms of bringing the book back in towards the second half of 
September actually faced challenges. We are working on obviously improving that and getting 
the book back in. In terms of a number of actions that we had taken through July and August, 
that did help us in curbing some of the flow forwards from August to September. Recoveries is 
something which we have to improve, coming into October, November that should really help 
us bring the Stage 3 back in. 
 
These were very specific things on the ground, which happened due to which circumstances, did 
not help in reaching out to customers for a reason or the other. Obviously, there are reasons and 
we are very hopeful that we could bring that back in in the coming months. 
G Ramesh: 
But your observation on Stage 2 assets being stable or improving is correct. There is obviously 
a higher focus on collection efficiencies, which we have started seeing across most products. We 
expect commercial vehicles to also improve as the economy and, you know, next few months 
that we are looking at. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. Internally, what will make us push growth? I mean, I know Macro, GST, some demand 
will improve. But internally, what are the indicators? What thresholds will make us push growth 
on the ground?, and a related question is on competition, do you see the competitive space 
getting slightly more cleared now, some irrationality in competition going out in certain 
products? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So from a growth point of view, Rajiv, I think that is something we are equally focused on. Let's 
see how, the Diwali festive moves forward for across all segments of us, be it business loans, be 
it, the LAP side, as Ramesh mentioned, it's businesses that we are funding, and as confidence 
starts to come back, we should see a better offtake there. 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
Similarly, on the CV side, as you have seen, we are doing more of used, as prices also move 
around, that is still a portfolio, which we believe, there should be good growth coming in. 
Similarly, on the consumer side, as we mentioned, the first 10 days have seen some good traction 
on the field and we are very hopeful as we move from now through to 23rd, 24th of October, 
and to the end of the month, that traction actually pushes us into a zone where, not just October, 
but the entire quarter looks a lot more positive. So we are very well geared up within the 
company and within the team to push for a reasonable amount of growth. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Renish from ICICI. Please go ahead. 
Renish: 
Yes, hi. Sir just two questions. Sorry for coming back to the growth outlook. So given we have 
a very large bucket of products. So incrementally which product do you feel should drive the 
growth and which are the products where you will still go little cautious in near term? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So the way I would look at it Renish is growth across all, if I can put it that way genuinely, 
segment that we have been slightly cautious of and which is just about stabilizing is the business 
loan segment that we have. We believe in the coming quarters that should also start to see 
growth.  
Some of the consumer side, clearly if you look at auto loans it has kicked up in terms of really 
well over the last two to three weeks, two wheelers have also started picking up and so have 
consumer durables. So over the course of Q3 and Q4, we believe there should be, given the 
economy as well as the customer sentiment, there should be enough amount of power behind 
each one of these products for us to grow. It is obviously going to depend on the overall 
economic and the geopolitics that plays out, but let's assume if everything stays equal, we should 
be able to move ahead on most fronts. 
Renish: 
Okay, so should we assume CV might take a couple of more quarters before we start pushing 
growth or do you see that product segment as well contributing to growth incrementally? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So CV is a reasonable sized book for us. There are some segments within that which we will 
push more on, in terms of where we see long term focus, and there are certain segments like 
HCV, for example, where we may not push very hard in the short term. 
Renish: 
Got it, and just a last question on the asset quality only. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Renish sir, may we request you return to the queue for any follow up 
questions, please?  
Renish: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Shreepal Doshi from Equirus. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for giving me the opportunity. My question was particularly on the enterprise 
lending and within that, especially on LAP, Business Loans and Enterprise Loans. So how have 
we seen the bounce rates, let's say, for September versus what it was probably in Feb, March 
period? Have we seen signs of improvement there or is it still at the same -- or has it gone down? 
So just some color on that front? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So Shreepal the way I would like you to look at it is, our LAP book has been fairly stable –  
something which has very low credit costs and it has operated in a similar zone over the last six 
to nine months or maybe almost a year. So that is how I would want you to look at it rather than 
an increasing, decreasing trend. It is a stable portfolio, something we are very focused on, 
something we wish to grow and has reasonably good asset quality. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
And so that is for LAP, for business loans and enterprise loans? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So for Business Loans, as I covered it earlier, there has been a stabilization in Q1. There has 
been further slight amount of improvement in Q2, and that is something we are very hopeful of 
as the book matures, we will see good amount of improvement in the coming months and we 
should see growth also coming back. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. The second question was pertaining to rejection rates. So, I understand that all lenders 
have tightened their underwriting norms probably around 1Q period. So are we continuing with 
the similar strategy or have we moderated it given that some of the segments are showing signs 
of stabilization on bounce rate as well as improvement? So are we moderating our underwriting 
norms and are we seeing rejection rates coming off, some color on that front if you could give 
and particularly for Enterprise Lending? 
G Ramesh: 
Yes, so when you look at approval rates, it is really a function of product, the asset risk. So in 
case of a mortgage you look at the asset, you would have a measure of asset risk. There is an 
element of customer risk in terms of the customers’ own income and cash flows and previous 
financial behavior. Then you are looking at a forecast for that business. So when you when you 
really do an underwriting, you are looking at asset risk, you are looking at customer risk, you 
are looking at geography risk, you are looking at business risk, for example, which industry is 
the customer in. So, there would be a flavor of that in terms of the underwriting. There could be 
businesses that naturally lend themselves to better cash flows as compared in certain markets. I 
mean, if you look at India, there are pockets, for example, there will be a textile hub, there will 
be a manufacturing hub, there could be a retail hub, and what you are really trying to do is to 
marry these into your credit policy and underwrite the customer.  
So in Enterprise Lending, we really do bespoke underwriting. It is not really a scorecard. 
Scorecard might be initial filter, but you end up doing a bespoke underwriting because the ticket 
sizes are large, which means that a credit officer does a detailed evaluation. So we would fine 
tune these credit policies really to a micro market or to a customer segment or to a particular  
 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 14 of 20 
 
 
category of customers based on our own internal experience of how things are progressing, how 
everything is moving. For example, what could be the impact of tariffs on certain industries. So 
we might decide to tighten the regulations, tighten the policy or moderate the policy. Broadly, I 
think our approval rates have not been very different in Enterprise Lending over the last one 
year.  
About a year ago, we did make some changes to our underwriting policy on unsecured lending 
because we found that we had certain sets of customers who had higher propensity to borrow 
from others, because there's just a bunch of lenders who lined up and were essentially doing 
credit score based underwriting, and that was something that we were not comfortable with. For 
us, leverage is important, total exposure of the customer is important and that's the way we really 
look at underwriting. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. Thanks for the detailed answer, sir. But just to sort of conclude, have you seen 70%, 80% 
of our underwriting for, let's say, be it geography, customer profile centric, have you seen some 
moderation or are we looking at moderating it in terms of the underwriting norms or we are sort 
of, you know, still broadly keeping it intact? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So Shreepal the way we look at it is the Chief Credit Officer today, along with the data that he 
has, he will look at each segment, each geography in a very detailed manner and will go through 
that and take decisions. It's not a one size cut formula that you would go in and say, let's slice it 
or dice it in a simple piece of paper. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. Thank you. Thank you for the answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next follow-up question comes from Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Yes. Thank you for allowing me to follow up. So just two follow-up questions that I had. First 
thing how should we think about margins now? The last call you had shared that 95% of our 
bank borrowing are EBLR linked, which will obviously reprice in line with your external or 
market benchmarks. Assuming they have already repriced, right? 
 
How should we look at the cost of borrowing trajectory and the margin trajectory? Obviously, I 
mean, assuming status quo, while there are room for a few more research in the December and 
the February policy, but assuming status quo, how should the cost of borrowings and margins 
trend? 
And lastly, on the CV side, we have discussed a lot in this call already, but I just wanted to pick 
your brains on one thing. When I look at CVs, there are predominantly two things which are 
driving CVs today, right? So, your consumption and the other thing is your construction and 
infrastructure activities. So while consumption might pick up given all the actions that the  
 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 15 of 20 
 
 
Government has taken, what is it that you are seeing on the construction and the infrastructure 
activities? That's all from me. Thank you. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thank you. So I will take both your questions. On the margins and cost of borrowing, the way 
we would like everybody to look at, Abhijit, is today, I think we have taken a lot of actions over 
the last few months, and that's exactly what we spoke about with the confidence in the Q1 call. 
That has allowed us to bring margins up and reduce our cost of capital, where NIMs stand at 
7.9% 
For somebody like us, the way we look at it, the sweet spot is between 7.9% - 8%. While 
pressures may come on every side, we will work towards trying to maintain in that region. That's 
how I would want to look at it. That’s on the margins, and obviously, cost of borrowing yields 
both factor in that, right? 
 
On the CV side in specific, as you rightly said, the consumption side is improving. On the 
construction and infra side, we are very hopeful that the initiatives that the Government is taking 
helps bring some of those, you know, activities back in, as we saw in previous years, and as that 
comes through, we should be able to see that segment also growing from here on. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Perfect. Okay. Very useful. Thank you for taking my questions, and I wish you all the best. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
 Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next follow-up question comes from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from 
Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Hi, thanks for allowing me to follow-up. Given the fact that our asset mix has changed 
considerably over the last 3 years, how do we look at the asset mix in the next 3 to 5 years? 
That's the first. Second one is, how do we also forecast the credit cost of each specific asset class 
when it is growing? Thanks. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Okay. So, in the asset mix, Shubhranshu, the way we look at it is the consumer business should 
grow faster, while the other two verticals will also continue to grow. So, what you see as 23% 
today should inch up a few percent over the next couple of years, right?, and the reason I say 
couple of percent, because the other businesses obviously would grow fast as well. Pace would 
differ in each one of them. So there is no set target that we have today. The most important focus 
for us as a company is to grow our entire diversified portfolio that we have, keep focused on 
every product that we believe is a long-term focus for us and continue to grow in each of our 
products and each of our markets. So that's a very important one that we should do and we will 
do. 
 
Second piece around credit cost, at this point in time, the way we look at it is because it is a very 
diversified portfolio and we spoke about some of the products where, for example, LAP comes 
at a very minimal credit cost. There are other products, which come at a slightly higher credit 
cost like consumer durables, etcetera. The way we look at it is we need to balance it out as a  

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
portfolio, as a whole, for the company and really focus on how are we going to manage a 
balanced return that we wish to give and work from there. So that's been our key focus and that's 
how we would even want the investor community to look at us, that the diversified portfolio 
helps us grow in a balanced fashion across cycles and also balance out the credit cost. While it 
has been a little high in the last quarter or two, we are very hopeful of bringing it to a moderate 
level in the coming quarters. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Thanks. Any new products you are planning to launch in the next three to four quarters to make 
our portfolio diversified? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Shubhranshu, I have been told as a listed company, as soon as I think of something and we get 
it approved, I have to publish it on the exchange. So, you will see it as soon as we are doing 
something. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Thank you so much. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Prithviraj Patil from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Prithviraj Patil: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Just one clarification that I wanted. In the product mix, you have 
mentioned something on the lines of relationship PL. So, I just want a clarification on what 
product that is, and the second is on adoption of technology. So, if we look at some of the other 
peers in the sector, they have adopted technology for underwriting or for sourcing. So, I just 
wanted to know what HDB is doing on that front? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Yes. Relationship PL for us is an absolute product that we have made only for our customers. It 
is what most people would call as cross-sell. This is a product that is available exclusively to 
HDB customers. It comes as a cross-sell to the product base that we would have in the consumer 
book, as well as some of the other books that we have. 
So that customer, if performing over the first 6, 9, 12 months, depending on the customer profile, 
depending on the product they have come to us first with, we give them an opportunity to take 
the second loan and we work from there. It is a book we have been able to grow over the last 4 
to 5 years really well with our customer base, and we are very happy with how we are functioning 
there and we will continue to grow well in that space. That's one. 
 
On the technology front, there is a slide that we have put up on “HDB on-the-go,” and Prithviraj, 
I am sure, you know, all of us today live in the financial services world, which is almost a 
technology company more than anything else. Technology is so akin to our blood system that if 
we do not have good technology, I do not think we would be able to progress very well. 
 
So, in terms of slide number, I think it is 38 and 39, we talk about it. You can have a look and I 
think you can give, you know, our IR team a call and we can take you through in detail. But  

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 17 of 20 
 
 
fundamentally, I think we have made sure whether it is, you know, a loan within two minutes, 
whether it is making sure a customer is able to finish their journey online. 
 
We are trying to make sure that every single one of those basics that a customer expects from a 
company like us, we have that in our works and we are able to execute it for the customer. The 
most important thing is that, you know, we are the right choice for our customer and we are able 
to progress from here in a manner that the customer chooses us because of, you know, the 
technology and the service and the right fit for him or herself. 
Prithviraj Patil: 
Sure. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Jain from GCJ Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Gautam Jain: 
Good evening, sir. First, in last quarter, you said your NIM will expand and that perfectly 
expanded in Q2. Now, can we say that, the higher credit cost which started from Q3 of last year 
has peaked and we will come back to the normal credit cost itself from Q3? 
Second, on the growth side, again, I mean, growth will pick up from Q3. Can we assume that? 
And second is your cost to income ratio has come to 40%. Historically, we had even lower than 
that. So what is our ideal cost to income ratio we want to achieve?  
The third question would be, would you blame higher competition in the market? and because 
of that, the credit growth has been lower than some of the peers. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thanks a lot, Gautam. So in terms of growth, as I covered it earlier, very hopeful that, we are 
able to grow well in the coming quarters, and there is a lot of underlying market, how do I say, 
sentiment which does show that Q3 should be a lot better than Q2 and Q1. If you look at the 
commentary also that has come from other banks or financiers, all of us are very positive on how 
we see Q3 going forward. So Q3 and Q4 should augur to good amount of growth. That's the way 
we look at it. 
In terms of cost to income ratio, if you look at on an H1 basis, we are 41.6%, and we were 42.7% 
earlier. As we grow and as we push on a number of initiatives, we believe between a 41.5% to a 
42%, that is something fairly ideal for us as we continue on our growth journey.  
The more important metric there is in terms of cost to asset. It is there in one of our slides, I can 
give you the slide number in a minute. I will give you a slide number in a second. So, that's 
something we are very focused on. It is 3.7% today, it was 3.8% earlier. And our whole focus is 
(on slide number 26) where we clearly reflected 3.7%, and that's something, if we are able to 
manage between a 3.6% and a 3.7%, as we continue to invest and grow, I think it should augur 
well in terms of us reaching our RoA targets. 
Gautam Jain: 
And on credit cost? 
 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 18 of 20 
 
 
Jaykumar Shah: 
On credit cost, as I mentioned, the medium-to-long term, we should be able to operate within a 
2.2%. 
Gautam Jain: 
And it will start reflecting from Q3 onwards, right? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Gautam, I am sure it will start to improve. If it starts reflecting from Q3 onwards, I am sure I 
will be as happy as you are. 
Gautam Jain: 
I have one more question. Can I ask? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Sure. Go ahead. 
Gautam Jain: 
This time your BPO profit also went up sharply Q-on-Q and Y-o-Y. So can you comment on 
that? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So we had earlier mentioned the way to look at BPO and sometimes there is obviously, billing, 
which will be +/- a month or accruals which get deferred. If you look at a PAT of ₹15 crores per 
quarter, it more or less flat lines towards that a PAT of ₹60 crores per annum is where it largely 
moves around +/- a few. So there's been a little bit of billing which would have moved from one 
quarter to another, but nothing more than that. 
Gautam Jain: 
Okay. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So margins are fairly stable there. There's nothing which changes fundamentally. 
Gautam Jain: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rajiv Mehta from YES Securities. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Hi. Thank you and thank you for taking my follow up. This Relationship PL, which is 8% of 
your portfolio, and you said that it's offered to existing customers. So what is the existing product 
overlap? Can you name the product with which it overlaps with? And what is this portfolio 
growth has been on Q-on-Q and Y-on-Y basis with Relationship PL? 
G Ramesh: 
So Relationship PL is a product that is offered to only existing customers of the company. So 
it's a business where we offer loans to our existing individual borrowers, and the customer could 
have originated to us through any of the other businesses, including consumer.  
If you look at our company, we have today 21 million customers, but a large proportion of them 
would be to our consumer finance business, right? So, as the customer matures with us and the 
loan tenure is towards closure, we look at multiple ways of engaging with the customer, either 
to follow up products or -- the advantage of Relationship PL is because unsecured loan, it can 
be used for multiple use cases by the customer, right? 
 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 
So the customer will have a pre-approved limit either for purchasing a consumer durable, if you 
take a consumer finance case, he could have a pre-approved limit for buying a consumer durable, 
he could have a pre-approved limit for buying a two wheeler or he could have a pre-approved 
limit for a unsecured personal, right? 
So these will be different limits based on what product the customer looking to buy, because the 
tenures are different, the transaction sizes are different. We engage with the customers on a 
continuous basis either through our in-app notifications or through our outreach programs to the 
customers. That is how we engage and build this book. Any color in terms of growth that you 
want to give, Jay? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So it is a focus business for us, Rajiv, and something we will continue to grow over a period of 
time. If you look at the same product four years ago, I think, we would have almost grown up 
CAGR of 40% plus over a period of time. So we are very focused on the consumer segment as 
a whole, as I mentioned, and that's something which we will continue to grow. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And would it also have CV and CE customers as well here in the in the in the customer base of 
this, this RelPL product? 
G Ramesh: 
Yes. There would be customers. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
There would be. But if you would like to think about it in terms of the customer base, right? 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Yes. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
It would obviously be a slightly smaller customer base. So if you have a 1 million customers in 
consumer durables, you might have 10,000/20,000 customers in CV and CE. So the number of 
people to whom you would cross-sell obviously would be there as a percentage of that customer 
base, but absolute number of people would be lesser. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. Okay. Now, second thing is on the cost levers and cost dynamics. Now that we are in a 
very moderate growth environment and we are also constantly checking on growth, right? What 
are the cost levers or dynamics available to us to manage the pre-provision operating 
profitability? Are there anything more that we can do on the cost efficiency side or productivity 
side which will help us control the people? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So at this point in time, Rajiv, the way I would look at it is on the cost front, we believe we are 
fine. I think this quarter, as there was slightly lower growth, we have made sure we managed to 
moderate some of the cost as well, and we would continue to do that. So, I do not see that as the 
biggest worry. 
Our key focus is to our businesses, let's invest, let's focus on the long term in terms of how we 
build on this as a growth area, right? The most important focus, if you think about from a long-
term point of view is, how well do you invest so that you achieve your medium-term growth 
targets and also achieve your RoA as a whole, yes. That's how we look at it. 

 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
October 15, 2025 
Page 20 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we are at the end of the time. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Jaykumar Shah for closing comments. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thank you very much, Sagar. So from everyone here at HDB, wishing you all a very, very happy 
Diwali, a prosperous new year, and a year full of good health and happiness. All the very best, 
and may your families do well as well. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HDB Financial Services, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been lightly edited for clarity and accuracy 
