                                                                     
  
                                        
 
11/13 Botawala Building 1st Floor Office No 2-6 Horniman Circle Fort Mumbai 400 001 India 
Tel: 91-22-6121-8400 | Fax: 91-22-61218499 
Registered Office: 1, Bishop Lefroy Road, Kolkata – 700 020 
Corporate Identity Number (CIN): L15491WB1962PLC031425 
Email: investor.relations@tataconsumer.com 
Website: www.tataconsumer.com 
 
Public
November 7, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
Scrip Code – TATACONSUM 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code - 500800 
The Calcutta Stock Exchange 
Limited 
7 Lyons Range 
Kolkata 700 001 
 
Scrip Code – 10000027 (Demat) 
                      27 (Physical) 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call pertaining to financial results for the quarter and  
half year ended September 30, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), please find enclosed the transcript of Earnings 
Conference Call held on Monday, November 3, 2025, in respect of the financial results for the quarter 
and half year ended September 30, 2025.  
 
The same can also be viewed at https://www.tataconsumer.com/investors/financial-information/call-
transcripts  
 
This is for your information and records and treat the same as compliance with the applicable provisions 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
 
Delnaz Dara Harda  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS73704 
Encl.:  as above 
 
Delnaz 
Dara Harda
Digitally signed by 
Delnaz Dara Harda 
Date: 2025.11.07 
15:43:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Tata Consumer Products Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 03, 2025 
 
 
 
 
  
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUNIL D'SOUZA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TATA CONSUMER 
PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
MR. ASHISH GOENKA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – TATA CONSUMER PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
MS. NIDHI VERMA – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS AND 
CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS – TATA CONSUMER 
PRODUCTS LIMITED  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANOJ MENON – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Tata Consumer Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, everyone. Season's greetings from ICICI. As always, it's our absolute pleasure to host the 
management of Tata Consumer Products for the results conference call, this one being the 2Q 
FY '26. 
 
Over to Nidhi Verma from the company for the intro and the proceedings. Over to Nidhi, 
please. Thank you. I'm sorry for that. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Thank you, Manoj, and thanks, ICICI, for hosting us. Hi. Welcome, everyone. We announced 
our second quarter FY '26 results earlier today, and I hope you had some time to go through 
some of our materials. 
In terms of the format, as we usually do, we'll perhaps use the first 20 minutes or so to go 
through some of the key highlights, which will be covered by Sunil D'Souza, Managing 
Director and CEO; and Ashish Goenka, Group CFO; post that we will open the floor for Q&A. 
And I just want to draw your attention to the disclaimer statement that is up on your screen. 
 
With that, handing it over to Sunil. 
Sunil D’souza: 
Yes. Thanks, Nidhi. So in terms of summary, we had a good quarter, I would say. Revenue up 
18%. More importantly, the India branded business UVG was 14%, which is, I think, a strong 
double-digit volume after some time. 
 
Core India business, we've seen the second quarter of double-digit growth both in tea and salt. 
We've seen sequential acceleration in the growth business overall. While we always 
maintained that growth business it will be 30% of our portfolio growing at 30%. This quarter, 
they grew 27%. Sampann was up at 40%, RTD now has come back quite strongly, 31% 
volume and 25% value. 
 
Most of our growth businesses fell, and that's including RTD, fell into the 18% or 12% bracket 
on GST. And we did have a hiccup at the end of the quarter, the only reason why you will not 
see the hiccup on RTD, because it is an impulse business. And you don't wait to drink a bottle 
of water or GlucoPlus when you're thirsty, whereas everything else you can hold back 
purchases. And I think we saw that hiccup up in Capital Foods, Organic India and Tata 
Soulfull. 
 
International momentum continued its top line with a 9% growth. Non-branded, while revenue 
grew 26%, profitability came back to par compared to last year because last year, we had the 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
advantage of low cost inventory and higher prices. Whereas right now, it's par for both 
inventory as well as pricing. 
 
EBITDA grew 7% year-on-year. As we had mentioned that Q2 would be the bridge between 
Q1, which was a bit pressurized on margins, and Q3 where we expected tea prices broadly to 
come back to normal. While tea prices will come back to normal, it's coffee which will be the 
one to watch out for as we go forward. 
 
But coming back, consolidated EBITDA grew at 7% with a margin 13.6%, sequential 
expansion of 70 bps. Good part is the India business is broadly operating on a normalized 
EBITDA margin as we go forward. We continued the pace of innovation with 25 product 
launches in Q2. 
 
Overall, Q2 revenue growth of 15%, India Beverages; Foods, 19%; International, 15%; non-
branded, 28%; all in, close to INR5,000 crores at 18%. In terms of H1 as well, close to 
INR10,000 crores at 14% with all businesses delivering double-digit growth. 
 
So yes, close to INR5,000 crores, 18% growth, margin of 13.6%, PBT up 10.5% -- sorry, 
margin of 10.5%. Group net profit margin of 8.2% at INR400 crores and now close to 
INR1,000 crores of cash back in the portfolio. Yes, I’ll just skipped the H1, close to 
INR10,000 crores, 14% growth. 
 
Yes. So we continue to power our brands and we maintain our A&P-to-sales in India at 7.4%. 
Salt market share value came in flat. Tea market share showed a dip of 80 bps, but I would just 
like to reiterate that Nielsen measures only general trade and a portion of modern trade because 
one significant player doesn't share revenue and they do not consolidate the e-com and quick 
com numbers into this. Incidentally, between e-com, quick com and modern trade, this quarter 
is now -- 37% of the contribution is from these channels. 
 
So a significant portion of the new and emerging channels is not captured by Nielsen. Next 
slide. Yes. This is -- I already talked about it. 32% contribution growing at 27% versus our 
guidance of 30%, so broadly in the ballpark. Continued to launch 25 new SKUs in Q2. 
 
We strengthened our commitment to responsible business. We improved our Dow Jones 
Sustainability Index from 65 to 71. We released our human rights score. We rolled out a 
biodiversity conservation policy. And we are now certified water neutral based on third-party 
evaluation. In fact, with a global positive water index of 2.2 which is very significant. 
 
In terms of macros. Tea prices, just to recap, we had maintained at the beginning of the year 
that last year, tea prices, which went up 30%, we had expected them to come down by 20%. 
And that was in line. You see the 250 and 204 numbers broadly in the North India tea. There 
will be ups and downs as we go depending on the weather. 
 
But broadly, we would expect to play in this ballpark. Coffee prices have started coming 
down. There was a slight bit of an upward blip with the Brazil tariffs coming in. We're keeping 
our fingers crossed to see how that pans out. 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
Next slide. In terms of business, packaged beverages, 5% volume growth; 12% revenue, 
overall margins have shown a healthy recovery. Broadly, tea margins, we have always 
maintained, should be operating between the roughly 34% to 36%, 37% mark, and we are into 
that ballpark now. 
 
Coffee, we continue our robust performance with a 56% growth. India Foods, 11% volume, 
19% revenue and maintained salt market share. Value-added salts grew 23% in the quarter and 
Sampann delivered a 40% sales growth. All our launches and innovations are doing quite well 
in this space. 
 
Ready-to-drink, back to growth. We had said we are aiming to grow 30% in this space. 
Volume was 30%. Net revenue was 25%. The net revenue also should start catching up in Q3, 
Q4 in line with volume. 
 
Tata Copper+ grew 36% continuing its strong trajectory. Organic India delivered INR133 
crores top line, Capital Foods, INR223 crores. Overall, we had said that these margins are 50% 
accretive to our base, and they continue to be that, delivering a 48% combined gross margin. 
 
As I mentioned, we did have a bit of a hiccup at the end of the quarter in line with the GST 
disruptions, probably continued for the first week of October. But broadly, we are back to 
business as usual. Non-branded business, 26% revenue growth. Margins did come under 
pressure but back to normative margins that the business should have. Tata Starbucks, the 
good news was we've got to 8% revenue growth. Same-store sales growth was positive, we had 
slowed down net new stores in line with the overall slowdown in the industry and, therefore, 
opened only 7. But we are now inching towards the 500 store mark and we're now present in 
80 cities. 
 
U.K. revenue from the quarter, we are cycling a high base of last year and, therefore, planned 
revenue decline of 5%. Margin continued to be very healthy. Teapigs, as we have said, the 
focus in the U.K. is to maintain our share in black tea but continued growth in fruit and herbal 
and specialty. 
 
In line with that, Teapigs penetration expanded up 35% year-on-year, and Good Earth sales 
grew double versus the same quarter last year. U.S. business -- sorry, just to point out in the 
U.K., now fruit and herbal, we are up to 10% shares in fruit and herbal. 
 
In the U.S., business registered a 21% growth driven by volume as well as value. Eight O'clock 
continued to gain market share. The only catch out here is the coffee prices continue to be 
volatile, and that is a watch out. Canada came back to growth. 7% growth in the quarter, 
margins healthy. 
 
Tetley continued to retain its market leadership. And the ethnic foods portfolio has come 
strongly to the party in Canada, where we've always said we need to grow beyond tea. This is 
the one other leg that the team is building out very strongly. 
 
Financials, Ashish? 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Ashish Goenka: 
Thanks, Sunil. So as Sunil mentioned, I think we had an overall 18% consolidated growth in 
the quarter. The growth was broad-based and volume-led with almost 14% UVG in India 
business. Across the board, we saw good growth, India growing at 18%; International growing 
at 9%, and non-branded growing at 26%. 
 
In terms of margins, we have seen a significant recovery in our tea margins in India, while 
coffee volatility creates headwinds in both the U.S. and our non-branded business. However, 
the margins were -- EBITDA was 7% up. And sequentially, we have improved EBITDA 
margins by almost 80 basis points. 
 
In terms of first half rounding it up, overall revenue growth was 14%. EBITDA was flat over 
last year, largely on account of the impact that we had on tea costs in quarter 1. In terms of 
overall financials, just looking at the quarter, I think we are on the path to margin recovery at 
an overall EBITDA and EBIT level. There were no exceptional items this quarter. 
 
I will just want to draw your attention to the tax line. We had a significant one-off in the base 
when we had consolidated or merged our wholly owned subsidiaries into the mother company. 
And therefore, the ETR was significantly lower, which has led to PBT growth of 23% but a 
PAT growth of only 10%. 
 
So I think that pretty much sums of the presentation, and I'll probably now open it up for 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. We'll take our 
first question from the line of Mihir Shah from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Shah: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question. So first question is on tea. It is a two-part question. 
On tea, you've grown well in double digits over the past 4 quarters, but I believe there were 
some price cuts put into effect in second quarter because of the soft tea prices. Should one 
expect further price cuts to continue or all the price cuts are behind now? Firstly, that. 
 
And secondly, given that you will start cycling a higher base, what level of sales growth 
should one expect in the second half for the tea business? So that's the part one. Part two, on 
the tea margins, you highlighted that they have come back to normative levels. So should one 
expect similar margins for tea in the second half or there is still room for further margin 
improvement for tea in the second half? So that's my first question. 
Sunil D’souza: 
So Mihir, let me answer the second question first. We’ve broadly always said we will operate 
between roughly a 34% to 36% gross margin range for tea. And we have broadly reached that 
level. And the reason why we say 34% to 36% is if we try to go beyond that, you have to 
remember that, A, it's a competitive environment out there; B, it's a largely commodity price 
indexed business. 
 
And therefore, we will start bleeding share at that point. And market share to me is an 
extremely important factor in any business. So we will operate in the 34% and 36% and make 
sure that we keep making corrections in pricing as and when needed. So that's number one. 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
Number two, going back to your first question. Again, the principle is it's a 34% to 36% 
margin, that is the longer-term guidance, A; B, also, we've always maintained that in tea, we 
will have mid-single-digit growth, volume growth and a couple of bps of price mix and 
therefore mid- to high single-digit total revenue growth. 
 
Now that formula can change between volume and price from time to time. Last year, we had 
high price-driven growth. I would think as we give out pricing, as we take down prices, we 
will see volume-driven growth coming back into the category. So broadly, I would say, more 
importantly, the mid- to high single-digit top line growth is what we would guide for. 
Mihir Shah: 
Secondly, on international sales in non-branded, it seems to have turned better largely because 
of coffee or coffee prices. Are these sustainable? And if not, what level of growth should one 
expect in these businesses? 
Sunil D’souza: 
See, in the unbranded business, I would urge not to look at the top line. It is more the margin 
because more or less, it's conversion, right? We buy the coffee, convert it into either spray 
dried, freeze dried and sell it back to the big boys, right? And therefore, it is a margin which 
matters. While we saw a 26% top line, the margins were broadly in line with where it should 
be. It is, I would say, the low teens is where non-branded operates, and that is where we've 
landed. 
 
So coffee prices going up and down, your guess is as good as mine. Everything was starting to 
come down from a $4 level. It had come down up to $3. And then this 50% tariffs in Brazil 
happened. Brazil supplies roughly 30% of the U.S. coffee, and then the whole thing went north 
again. We are starting to see some softness again. But I would say broadly, it's the margin and 
not the absolute numbers that I would urge you to look at. 
Mihir Shah: 
And on international business, Sunil? 
Sunil D’souza: 
On the international business, if you are referring to its U.S. coffee, U.S. coffee, we took one 
round of price increases in July. We've had one round of deweighting happening in November 
and we have announced a price increase around the corner starting early next year. So we're 
keeping our fingers crossed. 
 
But we are announcing pricing in line with what other players in the market are doing in early 
2026. The point is, given our market share in the U.S., we are more price takers than price 
makers. 
And the good part is we've grown volume as well as market share in the U.S. in bags. K-Cups 
also has started to see positive traction. Margins are under pressure, but it depends on how 
coffee prices move. And I would not try to second guess coffee prices now. 
Mihir Shah: 
And last is a quick bookkeeping question. Other expenses seems to have gone up sequentially 
quite a bit on a consol level, actually. What is triggering that? And should one expect them to 
remain at these elevated levels? 
Ashish Goenka: 
Referring to our other expenses? 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Mihir Shah: 
Yes, Ashish. 
Ashish Goenka: 
I think we had some one-off in that. So I think current levels are normative levels, should 
continue to remain at these levels. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood. Thank you very much. Wishing you all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shlok from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh: 
Thanks. This is Abneesh here. Congrats on very good performance. My first question is on 
Capital Foods. So first part of that question is in terms of GST disruption, other large 
companies have said the impact is 2 days to 4 days. So I wanted to understand in this part of 
the business, which was GST impacted. What would have been the normal growth if GST 
disruption was not there? 
 
And second, you have come out with a lot of new products in Capital Foods post the 
acquisition. Initial remarks, you said you are excited on most of the new launches across 
brands. In Capital Foods, I wanted to understand which are the new product lines you're more 
excited in terms of the medium and long-term also? 
Sunil D’souza: 
So, Abneesh, I didn't get the 2 days to 4 days point. 
Abneesh: 
GST disruption Impact. GST disruption impact, if that was not there. Then Q2 growth of 
Capital Foods, how much it would have been higher? 
Sunil D’souza: 
So that is -- your guess is as good as mine. We were tracking on a, let me say, a very good, 
high double-digit -- or a decent double-digit growth rate before 22nd. I had not expected to see 
that much disruption that we did see, and the disruption was both GT and MT. MT, obviously, 
because they were downstocking, because they wanted the right price on the shelves, GT 
because on 22nd onwards, we started to pass the extra GST as a discount. 
 
And obviously, retail trade a lot of it, general trade sees this as margin so that probably we 
didn't calculate in as much detail. But that I would say broadly, we are back to normal sales. In 
terms of new product development; A, the core Chinese chutney and the extensions thereof, 
right, including the chili oil, etc., that's one pillar that we're working on. 
 
The second pillar we are working on is the noodles portfolio. Which is you've seen we've got 
hakka, we've got instant. And most importantly, the third piece, which is now we've -- I think 
we said that when we had bought out Capital Foods is that we had looked at it as moving 
beyond desi-Chinese into an oriental portfolio. 
 
So the Korean launches which we have done, right now, it's only, I would say, ramen and 
instant noodles. But you would see much more coming out of the Korean platforms as we go 
forward. 
Abneesh: 
One follow-up here. On the re-inventorization bit, there has been a different kind of takes on 
how much will be the GST re-inventorization in Q3. So if you could tell us because you have -
- obviously, you also are facing -- have faced that issue. And you said October 1st  week also, 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
there was some GST transition impact. So if you could tell us, do you get back all the 
inventories, say, destocking which happens? 
 
Or there is a genuine stock-out, so that part of demand obviously will not come back? So some 
clarity on how much is the GST re-inventorization in Q3 versus the days lost in first week of 
October and in Q2? 
Sunil D’souza: 
So Abneesh, your guess is as good as mine. We are in the food and beverage business. So it's 
not that you can -- you don't have to eat food to, this thing, you can push up purchases to a 
little extent. But my broad assumption, and we're seeing that, right, overall, we are seeing the 
categories come back to what it was pre-GST. 
 
Now how much of that was postponed and/or completely lost, I wouldn't want to hazard a 
guess. But broadly, our -- this thing about 30% of the growth categories, driving 30% top line 
continues to remain. 
 
RTD, like I said, didn't have a -- while the GST rates did drop from 18% to 5% for categories, 
didn't have that much of an impact because it is impulse and that's not something you can 
postpone. And therefore, RTD continues to deliver strong growth going forward. 
Abneesh: 
Last question was on your remarks that e-commerce, quick commerce, and modern trade is 
37%. My sense is that is obviously at a pan-India level for you. My specific question was on 
your 2 main core categories, the legacy categories of salt and tea. There, if you could tell us 
how the competition is versus, say, the other large player in tea. Because that player said that 
when tea normal deflation happens, that the large branded players get uptrading back from 
consumer. 
 
Because last 2 years, we have seen that the consumer has been down trading. So, if you could 
comment on that. Do you expect that you and the other large player in tea should get a benefit 
of that? And similarly, in terms of competition from some of the D2C start-ups in tea, any 
comments in terms of the e-commerce and quick commerce? If you could give that color? 
Sunil D’souza: 
So let me say the advantage of operating in staple categories, Abneesh, is that it's not a 60%, 
70%, 80% margin category and, therefore, smaller D2C players coming and challenging you 
very strongly, that is not a fact for us in tea, salt and staples, A; B, in terms of e-commerce, 
quick commerce, we are market leaders, as measured by Nielsen. But the only reason I believe 
Nielsen doesn't report is because not all the channels give them the numbers. 
 
But we do internal tracking. And we are market leaders on e-commerce and quick commerce. 
See, as regards downtrading, uptrading, I wouldn't want to make a comment on gaining share, 
losing share. All that I would say is we strive to be between the 34% to 36% gross margin, at 
which point, we know that we will continue to gain market share with execution. 
Abneesh: 
Yes, thanks. That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vivek M from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Vivek M.: 
Hi, Sunil and team. Three questions. First, on the international margins. You have mentioned 
about the reasons. But do you think second quarter F'26 marks the trough and things should 
start to get better? 
Sunil D’souza: 
So Vivek, I actually wouldn't -- this thing, on tea, broadly, we're back to where we should be. I 
would still say we are at least one quarter out from seeing normalcy just because between now 
and this thing, I don't know how the moment -- see, tea, essentially, we had started coming off 
the highs as commodity. 
 
And it has started, like I said, from $4.17 was the high, it had come down close to a $3. And 
there was news that it will breach $3 and come down. Unfortunately, the 50% tariffs on Brazil 
happened, and that's when it went back. 
 
We are now starting to see softening. But if I see -- start to see softening now, it's at least 3 to 4 
months out before it seeps into my supply chain. So I would say we're at least 1, if not 1.5 
quarter out before seeing margins normalize. 
Ashish Goenka: 
Yes. And just to add to what Sunil said, I think the other variable in the whole, this one is 
tariff. And we don't know where it will settle. Because right now, we are still not pricing for 
tariffs. We're just still pricing for the increase in commodity costs, which is coffee beans, 
right? So I think that's the other variable, we'll have to watch -- do a close watch on. 
Vivek M.: 
Sure, Ashish, tariff part, yes, that uncertainty is there. But just, let's say, just to conclude, so do 
you still think that international margins have downside? Or do you think second quarter 
broadly is where the trough would be? 
Sunil D’souza: 
I would say we are at least -- Vivek, I'm 1 quarter out from calling out where I'm going to land, 
right; because there is so much upheaval. So coffee, last year, I said I wouldn't try to hazard a 
guess on where coffee prices are going because every time I guessed, I guessed wrong, right? 
And right now, I wouldn't try to guess how tariffs are going to settle. Because remember, there 
was a 10%, then there was a 25%, then there was a 50%. 
 
So it's a bit all over the place. We have announced price increases effective January. If all of 
them go through, we will be slightly below where we should be and it will probably take one 
more round of price increase, probably around March or so, for us to come back to normative. 
Vivek M.: 
On the market share, Sunil, 2 things. One is on the salt side. The growth is good both volume 
as well as value, and the market share is flat. Now is it just quarter-to-quarter anomaly because 
last quarter, there was a share loss or I mean, I was just thinking at this growth, the market 
share numbers should have trended up because unlikely that industry would have grown at the 
same rate, right, the rest of the industry? 
Sunil D’souza: 
Vivek, like I said, we are giving out numbers for broadly indicative directions of Nielsen. As I 
said, when 37% of my business or maybe close to 32%, 33% of my business is not measured 
by Nielsen, and this is despite us taking it up with them again and again, right? Saying your 
panel doesn't represent what -- so very simply put, even if you do the competitive commentary 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
on tea and then look at my competitive commentary and do the math, it doesn't add up. So I 
would say I would not comment on the numbers. 
Ashish Goenka: 
But just to clarify, Vivek. I think what you're seeing is MAT. Of course, in the last 3 months, 
we have gained significant share in salt, almost 100 basis points plus. So I think if it continues, 
then we will start seeing it reflected in MAT as well. 
Vivek M.: 
Sure. And apologies on market share on the tea side because we have seen this trend, and I 
understand the part about MAT. Do you think -- so let's say, more than one-third you are 
saying is not getting represented. And I recall maybe a year back or so, you mentioned that the 
gap is basically -- or maybe 6 quarters back, the gap is basically you need to still penetrate 
deeper into the general trade. 
 
Do you think that ex of that -- so basically two-third of the market, you are still losing share in 
that? Is that how -- because your comment has been specifically about the new channels? So 
how are you doing on the general trade side? And what will it take you to stabilize market 
share if there were any losses? 
Sunil D’souza: 
No. So general trade, broadly, Vivek, the hypothesis that if I equate distribution, I will equate 
market share. That math continues to hold. So there is no dispute in that. It is just that I'm 
taking that much more time to cover that gap. That's about it. 
Vivek M.: 
Okay. And so on the distribution side, what will it take you, Sunil, to bridge the gap? 
Sunil D’souza: 
So it is primarily to do with specific geographies in, say, Eastern UP, specific parts of Andhra 
and specific parts of Tamil Nadu for me to cover the gap. If I just total these 3 geographies, it 
is more than the India number, right, which means the rest of the India number overall average, 
I'm ahead in distribution than this. So the focus continues to be drive there. And this is mostly 
semi-urban rural. So it's taking time for us to go down the pop strata. 
 
As I said, last year, we have gone up to distributors at 50,000 pop strata. And right now, we are 
appointing sub-distributors at 20,000. At some point of time, we will look at going below that 
pop strata as well. That is the -- it's just a question of going -- taking penetration deeper into 
the hinterland. 
Vivek M.: 
And last question, between Organic India and Capital Foods, there has been a fair amount of 
disparity in terms of growth rates. You mentioned about October first fortnight or first couple -
- first week or so. But once we are out, let's say, of this quarter, do you think Capital Foods 
should move to, let's say, high teens, if not higher than that? 
Sunil D’souza: 
Yes, yes. So the reason why you're seeing the disparity, Vivek, is, remember, half the business 
of Organic India comes from exports, right? And if you remember in the last quarter, one of 
the hiccups in Organic India was that our supply chains in the U.S., we figured out quite late 
that it was a long, long lead time. 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
And this quarter, we've got it right. And that's why the U.S. has come very strongly to the 
party, A; B, in India, Organic India, one of the big assumptions was that building the pharma 
channel will give us growth. 
 
And also by extension, Capital Foods, building a foodservice will give us growth. The pharma 
channel has given us a far better contribution in overall terms to Organic India than Capital 
Foods -- the foodservice channel in Capital Foods. So that is what is driving Organic India. 
But going forward, it should be, I would say, a strong double-digit growth for Capital Foods as 
well as Organic India. 
Vivek M.: 
Good to know that, Sunil, wishing you and your team all the very best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
Tejas Shah: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Sunil, last time you had called out that you are not very happy 
or content with growth portfolio's performance and it has very visibly turned around this 
quarter. So just wanted to know, 2 parts, at what scale do we expect base effect to catch up 
because we are growing very phenomenally well over here? 
 
And then within this portfolio, how should we think about whether the brand equities started to 
establish in terms of repeat purchase or is it largely still in experiment stage and we are just -- 
it's a beneficiary of both product expansion and distribution expansion? 
Sunil D’souza: 
So Tejas, I would say broadly 30% of portfolio growing at 30% will continue for some time to 
come. The whole parameters inside might change, but overall, we do expect to deliver 30% 
growing at 30% for at least, I mean, the foreseeable near term, right? 
 
And the reason we're quite confident about that is whether it's Organic India, Capital Foods, 
the penetration levels remain low. Distribution remains a big opportunity and the TAM for the 
categories that we play in are significantly high. And like you've seen, we've now expanded for 
Capital Foods, we started to play Korean. 
 
We started to play the noodles portfolio. We've expanded beyond just the Schezwan Chutney. 
Organic India, you've seen the whole organic food space lighting up apart from the 
supplements and this thing, the distribution ramping up. 
 
RTD per capita consumptions are abysmally low in India compared to any country, I mean, 
any middle-income country. So that's going to continue for some time. Sampann, everything 
that we've done seems to be working very well. My dry fruits portfolio is hitting a INR300 
crores run rate. It is, what, a 2-year-old phenomenon. 
 
My cold-pressed oil is sitting at INR250 crores run rate. Nidhi is nodding in front of me. 
Vending business, which you just started a year back, maybe 15 months back is now INR80 
crores, INR90 crores run rate. Foodservice is at a decent clip. Pharma is at a decent clip. 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
We've just got listing into the largest pharma retailer in India. So distribution, penetration, both 
brand and execution-driven portfolio expansion, TAM expansion, I think, opportunities for us 
across the place. If we don't deliver 30%, I think the fault is on our side. 
Tejas Shah: 
Super. Second, last quarter, you kind of exited with the promise that we will go back to the 
16% margin in the near future and we'll have a bridge quarter where we'll land up at 13%, 
13.5%. And then we have kind of achieved that. So how should we think about margins not in 
near future also, but would you say that we are out of that slump and margins should stabilize 
now at your desired level? 
Sunil D’souza: 
So I've always maintained that a good foods business in India should be between a 17% to 
20% EBITDA margin and we strive towards that. Yes, we did get it into a little bit of a reverse 
gear after -- I mean, through last year as coffee prices shot up. I think Q4 of FY '25, if I'm not 
mistaken, we came close to 15 plus number. Now we do expect by Q4, broadly, we should be 
in that ballpark. The only spoiler in the whole piece is coffee prices. 
 
More to do with the branded coffee business in the U.S. more than anything else because, as I 
said, the unbranded piece is a pass-through and therefore margin is not impacted as much. But 
it is the U.S. coffee which is probably the only outlier in the pack. By the way, if I added the 
impact from the U.S. coffee back here, I was in the 15% ballpark even this quarter. 
Tejas Shah: 
Very clear. Thanks and all the best for coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Hi, team. I had a few questions on the RTD beverage business. So if you could just highlight 
with the GST rate drops, do you see any fundamental advantage in this category because there 
is a lot of, I would say, non -- or local players in the segment is what we understand? So do 
you expect any fundamental improvement in growth because of the GST cut? 
 
And the second is that this quarter obviously is quite noisy. There was very bad weather 
conditions. Other companies have not done well in the segment. But you also would have had 
some channel adjustment at the end due to the drop in GST. So overall, I mean, how are the 
pluses and minuses in terms of how should we see a normalized growth in this going ahead? 
Sunil D’souza: 
So Arnab, I think channel adjustments, I would question because this is an impulse business. 
And normally -- by the way, in season, I would say there are -- for the high-volume outlets, 
there are multiple deliveries in a day, not only in a week. So inventory is never a big -- or 
never should be a big thing in this business, number one. 
 
And therefore, like I said, we did not see too much of an inventory adjustment in RTD, and 
that's why we delivered the growth, A. B, in terms of competition, I would say the 5% does 
help us because, as you said, we will not play in carbonated soft drinks. And carbonated and/or 
caffeinated soft drinks continue to remain in the high GST bracket. 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
So from that perspective, affordability is definitely an option here. Actually speaking, in water, 
for example, we've dropped prices. The INR10 bottle is now INR9, INR20 bottle is INR18. So 
we will probably look at upsizing at some point. But yes, compared to carbonated and/or 
caffeinated beverages, affordability is a strong point now. 
Arnab Mitra: 
The other thing is the competitive intensity continues to be high. Other than water, where 
you've done well, the other parts of the portfolio has really, I think, struggled in that initial 
Campa aggression. How are those segments doing? Any steps further that you need to do to 
get consistent growth there? 
Sunil D’souza: 
So Arnab, broadly, you've seen the business come back to normalcy with a 25% volume 
growth. And we had consciously taken those price drops last year, right, in line with Campa. 
So I would say broadly as long as you are clear of your value proposition, you are clear about 
your brand promise and your product acceptance with the consumer, making sure that the 
value proposition to the retailer stays right, which is a critical piece we've seen us coming 
back. I would say you would only see growth accelerating on the non-water portfolio, if you 
may, on RTD going forward. 
Arnab Mitra: 
And my last question here, Sunil, was this energy drinks where you're now coming with a still 
formulation. So could you just share your thought process? And again, is this in pilot stage? 
And how would you think about the potential consumer of this product? 
Sunil D’souza: 
So let me say, fundamentally, if you dial back 20 years, the entire energy segment was still. I 
can go on and on about carbonated energy and how it was invented, but that's for a separate 
time. But incidentally, from a consumer perspective, still or sparkling doesn't make the 
difference. This is the actual product benefit that the consumer looks at it. 
 
And the hypothesis is energy at a INR10 price point, which is sustainable from a profitability 
for me, does have a role to play. And we had done a test market last year. The brand name, the 
product formulation, the whole marketing mix did not resonate. That's why we pulled it out. 
This is -- I would say you're right. It's probably -- I would call it an advanced pilot phase. 
 
We're testing out the proposition albeit on a slightly broader footprint. If it works, then we'll 
figure out how to put muscle behind it. As of now, it is early days, early signs are good. But I 
would say we're still not there in calling it a slam dunk. 
Arnab Mitra: 
One last question on Sampann, where we have seen a significant acceleration. Is it -- how 
much of this would be pricing, volume or are there new segments, you mentioned dry fruits, I 
think, which are contributing to this, you were growing at 25%, 30%, which has become 40%. 
So just trying to understand what has driven this incremental growth? 
Sunil D’souza: 
So A, Sampann broadly is in the commodity profile. So there cannot be too much of a pricing-
driven growth, right? Because as you're moving people from unbranded to branded, the 
premium over the unbranded and/or the regional brands is a critical piece. For example, in 
pulses, we very, very clearly fixed the premium that we will operate in versus specific regional 
players. 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
Now the whole growth in Sampann, of course, the base portfolio continues to grow at a very 
healthy clip. The dry fruits and the cold pressed oils which we have launched, I think that have 
only accelerated the growth. 
 
Now you'd remember, it's -- dry fruits is today, a Board member reminded me that it's a 
INR75,000 crores category in India, largely unbranded. So it plays perfectly well in our 
hypothesis for Sampann that we will enter categories which are trust deficit, high TAM, good 
margin, good growth rate and where I can build a differentiated portfolio. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Okay, thanks so much, Sunil, sir for your detailed answers. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nihal Jhamb from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Nihal Jhamb: 
Yes, thank you so much. Good evening, Sunil and team. Sunil, I had 2 questions, both on 
NourishCo. First one was that Campa started in your territory, which is mainly, say, Orissa, 
AP, Telangana, and post that, they've sort of expanded. So is it that over the last 1.5 years as 
we see the growth accelerate this quarter, it is mainly the case that we put our distributor 
margins in place or is that the competition from Campa has sort of stabilized and that has also 
helped in terms of its growth improving? 
Sunil D’souza: 
So I think last year, we had said very clearly, the INR10 proposition has not changed. It is just 
that Campa came in with 2x the retailer margin. It is not distributor. It is 2x the retailer margin 
that they were offering versus our INR0.80 and thereabouts, they came in with a INR3.50. 
 
And in categories like soft drinks and water, the retailer plays a very, very big role because 
that's impulse, you're thirsty, at the point, you're willing to pick up what the retailer is giving 
you. That was what made the difference. 
 
We should have taken the shot early in 2024, but we did not see it. And finally, by the time we 
took this thing -- action was about June of last year. So we've cycled more than 1 full year of -- 
and as I said, as long as your product proposition to the consumer is strong and you execute 
against that, I see no reason why anyone else coming in can disrupt this thing. 
 
So we did index our price. And therefore, you see -- even this quarter, you see volume at 31% 
but value at 25%. So we did do that indexation. But going forward, we'll continue to maintain 
that and be competitive both on a retailer margin as well as consumer value proposition. 
Nihal Jhamb: 
The second one was a hypothetical question. There is obviously a scale up in terms of the 
competitive intensity from the reliance itself in hydration, the bottled water segment. 
Himalayan is obviously a very different segment. 
 
But in case of Tata Copper, in case you see a similar kind of aggression play out of maybe 
where retailer margins have stepped up and there is more volume sort of effort, then what is 
the thought process we have to sort of not see a repeat of maybe what happened with the other 
portfolio? 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Sunil D’souza: 
So we're very, very clear. We will not lose market share this time around to retailer margin. 
We're keeping a close eye on it. Either retailer margin or consumer value proposition, if it 
changes, we will react. To me, maintaining market share is always a better proposition because 
I can build back margin at a later point of time. Maintaining margin and losing relevance and 
market share is not an option. 
Nihal Jhamb: 
That's very clear. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Akshen from Fidelity. Please go ahead. 
Akshen: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My question is pertaining to the India 
margins. You flagged risks to international margins from coffee. But if you were to just look at 
the India EBIT margins, would you say the current margins have further upside or these are the 
margins that you are comfortable working with? I'm looking at close to 10% EBIT this quarter. 
And I think your peak was about 12%, 13%. 
Sunil D’souza: 
I'm not sure about the peak of 12%, 13%. Broadly, India margins, we are in the ballpark of 
where we should be. I would say EBITDA, we are roughly in the 15% margins for this quarter, 
and that's where we should operate. 
Broadly tea, salt, everything, the gross margins are in the 34% to 36% range. And growth 
businesses, probably a little bit of a play out there but it's relatively a smaller part of the 
portfolio. So I would say India margins, broadly where they should be. 
Akshen: 
Okay. Because I would have thought that since tea prices started to correct through the quarter, 
with some benefit out of the lower tea prices would start accruing in second half as well, plus 
some of the goodness of growth that will come from your M&A would also start flowing. So 
my question was actually from that context. 
Sunil D’souza: 
So on the tea prices, I maintained, right? We operate in the 34% to 36% gross margin. If you 
try to get too greedy, we will lose market share because it's a commodity-driven business. 
There is a big competitor and there is multiple regional and local players out there. We've seen 
time and again, if we don't operate in the 34% to 36%, we start losing share. 
 
So we have started -- actually, this quarter has been delivered despite us giving back some 
pricing. A lot of the pricing was -- some of the pricing was given during the quarter. A lot of it 
came during the end of the quarter. So tea prices going up and down, my this thing would be 
not to read too much into it as long as I operate in the 34% to 36% range. 
Akshen: 
Okay. Second question from my side is just on the competitive scenario with the other players 
in the tea market. Could you just help us understand when these prices are being cut, who's 
taking the lead? Is it one player over another? Is it somebody who is a market leader in a 
particular geography that is taking a cut? How are you and the other player approaching 
pricing? 
Sunil D’souza: 
I don't know how the other player is approaching. All that I would say, where I lead, if there is 
an issue, I would take up price if there is a pressure on tea cost. Because similarly, if I see tea 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
prices going down, I know people -- I mean, if I'm the market leader, then share has to come 
out of me, which I'm not comfortable with. That's why I go down first on pricing. So I would 
say wherever I'm the market leader, I move first. But where I'm not, I would wait for the 
market leader to move. 
Akshen: 
Okay. Thank you and all the best for the rest of the year, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sir, there have been some news articles about discontent in the distributors and some protests. 
So of course, there is some reasons given in those articles. But in your view, what is the reason 
behind this discontent with the distributors? 
Sunil D’souza: 
So Percy, fundamentally, when we started off in 2020, distributors were either tea distributors 
or salt distributors. We integrated, more or less, I would say, about 85%, 90% of the 
distributors whom we selected as common distributors were from within that fraternity. 
 
Now as we expanded our portfolio, we've got Capital Foods, we've got Organic India, we've 
got Soulfull, we've got Sampann. And I do think distributors of Tata Consumer Products have 
to distribute to the entire portfolio of Tata Consumer Products. Picking and choosing portfolio 
is not an option in my mind. 
 
I would say that is the single biggest driver. Yes, after that, there were some operational issues, 
which are par for the course in any distribution business. But the fundamental thing is it has to 
be a full portfolio distributor for Tata Consumer. 
Percy Panthaki: 
But isn't this a little weird, generally in my experience, distributors are happy to take on more 
lines because it adds to their business. So why is it a problem this time around? 
Sunil D’souza: 
So salt is a more wholesale-driven business. So life is more comfortable. You sit back and 
make deals. Capital Foods is a retail outlet to outlet distribution, you've got to make a little bit 
of more effort. 
 
So every category is different. Every distributor has different strengths, Percy. So some people 
like it, some people don't. But you're absolutely right. In my mind, more categories means 
more lines, more top line and therefore, better money in the bank. I just hope everyone sees it 
that way. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. Do you think that whatever this issue is could cause some disruption in terms of 
some sort of extra inventory in the pipeline currently, which will normalize later on or 
something like that? 
Sunil D’souza: 
Percy, the good part is when people start throwing about inventory numbers and all that, I'm 
also amazed because sometimes I also struggle to get the same numbers, right? I mean, 
everyone is free to put whatever numbers there are. We follow an ARS system. We monitor 
distributor closing stocks every month. 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
Actually, last month, stocks have dropped, not increased in the distributor system. It is just that 
the ARS system makes sure you are ordering every single -- or every salient SKU across 
categories that we want to sell in that geography, and you've got to maintain a specified 
number of days of inventory. That, I think, is a critical point. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. Second question on margins. So you mentioned that gross margins and, indeed, 
India EBITDA margins also are more or less where you want them to be. However, consol 
margins are still low. And going into 3Q, 4Q, we would be sort of lapping a high base of 
margins. So do you think that there is any chance of a Y-o-Y margin compression going into 
the next couple of quarters? 
Sunil D’souza: 
You would see a Y-o-Y expansion of margins going into the next couple of quarters, Percy, 
because if I said that by Q4, we will come back to broadly the ballpark of about a 15% 
EBITDA, right? I have to cross about 130, 160 bps, if I'm not mistaken, from here to there. 
And apart from the U.S. business, U.S. coffee business to be specific, broadly, there is no 
pressure on margin from any of the other businesses. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. Got it. Okay. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Over to you, Nidhi. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Yes. Thank you. So I have gone through the questions on the webcast as well. I think we've 
covered all of them during the course of Q&A. But in case there are any pending questions, 
you can always reach out to me later on. 
 
But I think for today's call, we'll just conclude it, and I would like to thank you all on behalf of 
Tata Consumer, and good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
