 
 
 
CSD/BSE&NSE/2025-26 
November 1, 2025 
 
To 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
To 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543064 
Scrip Symbol: COHANCE 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
conference call conducted on October 28, 2025. 
  
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cohance Lifesciences Limited 
(Formerly, Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited) 
 
 
 
Kundan Kumar Jha 
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer and Head-Legal 
 
Encl: as above  
 
 
 
 
 
KUNDAN 
KUMAR 
JHA
Digitally signed 
by KUNDAN 
KUMAR JHA 
Date: 2025.11.01 
16:46:47 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
Cohance Lifesciences Limited  
Update Conference Call 
October 28, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Cohance Lifesciences Limited Update 
Conference Call on the change in Directors.  
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Cyndrella Carvalho, Head of Investor Relations. 
Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us on a short notice. As you would have 
seen our stock exchange communication, this call is regarding the update on our Managing 
Director's resignation. Today we have with us our Executive Chairman, Mr. Vivek Sharma 
and our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Himanshu Agarwal. 
 
With that, I'll hand it over to Mr. Vivek. 
Vivek Sharma: 
Good evening, everyone. I would like to share an important leadership update effective 
immediately. Dr. Prasada Raju will be stepping down from his role as Managing Director of 
Cohance. Dr. Prasada Raju has resigned from his position considering his personal 
priorities and to continue his learning journey. Prasad will remain associated with the 
company to orderly transition for an extended period ending this fiscal. 
 
The board has placed on record deep appreciation for his invaluable contributions, 
leadership, and commitment in steering the company through its growth and transformation 
journey. In light of this development, the board has approved a revised organizational 
structure, one that better reflects our multi-business portfolio and expanding global 
footprint and positions Cohance strongly on its path towards a $1 billion U.S. vision. 
 
This new structure is designed to bring greater agility, faster execution, and deeper 
accountability across our businesses. With this in view, we are realigning our organization 
structure to strengthen focus and expedite decision-making. As you are aware, over the past 
year, we have established three distinct business verticals, each led by a highly experienced 
and accomplished industry leader who brings deep expertise and proven track records in 
their respective domains. 
 
These business unit leaders have full operational ownership and accountability will 
henceforth report directly to me. We will also be welcoming a platform COO shortly, a 
seasoned industry leader who will be based out of Hyderabad. A techno-commercial 
professional with over three decades of experience, he brings a strong blend of operational 
excellence and on-the-ground project execution. 

 
Page 2 of 11 
 
 
Our new COO will further strengthen our technology and operations backbone across the 
organization. Additionally, I am pleased to share our CFO, Mr. Himanshu Agarwal will be 
joining the company's board as director, ensuring continuity and alignment across 
leadership and governance levels. You are all aware of our leadership structure but let me 
take a moment to reintroduce our key business leaders whose key responsibilities areas are 
fully aligned with our vision and the next phase of cohesive growth. 
 
Mr. Yann D’Herve, Pharma CDMO. Yann is based out of Pennsylvania, brings over three 
decades of global experience across pharma and specialty chemicals, including more than 
15 years in the CDMO space. Yann's deep understanding of drug substance, CDMO, high-
potent APIs, and complex chemistry positioned in this scale of CDMO and niche 
technology franchise globally drive customer-centric partnership and ambit for operational 
excellence as a core differentiator. 
 
Mr. Gunjan Singh for API plus business. Gunjan will be based in Hyderabad, brings 
extensive leadership experience across top Indian pharma companies, combining strategic 
portfolio management with a strong commercial and operational agility. 
 
Gunjan's focus is to expand our differentiated API portfolio, improve portfolio productivity, 
and strengthen customer engagement across regulated markets. Mr. Amrit Singh, Specialty 
Chemical Business. Amrit has close to two decades of experience across leading Indian 
specialty chemical corporates with a strong track record in scaling new business and 
managing global customers. 
 
Amrit's priority will be to accelerate growth in agro and performance chemical space, 
leverage our technology integration, and enhance international partnership to build a 
sustainable specialty platform. This revised organization structure will enable us to deliver 
on our vision through a value of customer-first, accountable, empowered, trustworthy, and 
sustainable. Our two business units leaders along with their commercial teams are 
participating at CPHI Frankfurt right now, meeting with global customers and partners to 
strengthen strategic relationships and explore new collaboration opportunities for 
governance. 
 
We have unveiled our new brand identity at CPHI Frankfurt event, reinforcing our 
positioning as an integrated global CDMO with niche technology platform. To sum up, this 
transition further accelerates our positioning of Cohance's global platform with three 
engines of growth with three strong leaders for each business unit that will help drive 
growth and our vision for US$1 billion by 2030. Thank you. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you, Vivek. That concludes our formal remarks. I would like to remind everyone 
that we are currently in our silent period ahead of our quarter 2 earnings and hence we will 
not be able to take or comment on any quarter specific or financial number related 
questions today. We will now open the floor for questions from participants. 

 
Page 3 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a question from 
the line of Chirag Dagli from DSP Asset Managers. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Yes, good evening. Can you spend some time on how are you managing this transition in so 
far as client interface, etcetera is concerned? And of course, you must have spoken to 
clients. What is the initial feedback around this whole transition? 
Vivek Sharma: 
Chirag, thank you for the question. Our businesses and business CEOs, you know, they 
directly work with the clients and they're managing clients and they're all at CPHI right 
now, right, dealing with clients. And between the commercial team and the business CEOs, 
there is very good connectivity with the clients. 
 
And there is no single dependency on Dr. Prasada on any specific client. All these 
relationships were already transferred as part of normal transition to the business CEOs. 
However, Prasada, as part of transition, will be with us for the next few months. 
 
And in that period, he will attend key important meetings and work on transition where the 
relationship transition is required. Or if there's any key customer meeting, he will join that 
to make sure that the handover properly happens. This just happened a little bit ago. 
 
So, we have not broadly communicated except for the communication you just see on this 
talk. Actually, we have not gone out to customers. We will be through these meetings at 
CPHI communicating. 
 
Actually, we just communicated to our team a few minutes ago. So, we are now 
communicating to our team. So, we'll be telling our customers who are participating at 
CPHI through that process. And as needed, we will communicate at other forums. 
Otherwise, it will be one-on-one meetings during the CPHI. We will be communicating to 
our customers. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Understood. And just broadly speaking, of course, this company is changing a lot. It is 
expected when six entities become one to see some bit of churn. But when do you think a 
lot of this churn kind of normalizes and things start to find some base in terms of attrition or 
churn within employees? 
Vivek Sharma: 
Yes, Chirag. You are right. I mean, six companies coming into one, right? It's a platform. 
And our hope is that we don't end at six. We keep adding more and we're looking 
aggressively to add more. 
 
Some of this, listen, I think is natural. However, with the Cohance and Suven merger earlier 
this year, I think what you see are some changes that, in my view, are big in nature. 
However, with the verticals that we have with the new CEOs, with the new CEO coming, 
we have a few other talent, actually, senior people that will be joining us in the next month. 

 
Page 4 of 11 
 
 
I expect at the senior level we are reaching that phase of stabilization. Now, as we continue 
to expand, as we have just hired a Chief Operating Officer for the CDMO business who 
joined us about three weeks ago, as we continue to expand and as we continue, there might 
be changes and upgrades that you might see at different positions. But at the senior level, 
my hope is that we are reaching that point of stabilization right now. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Understood. And sorry, I joined a little late. I don't know if you've covered this, but are we 
already looking for a replacement? Have we finalized? When do you think we can hear 
from getting a new CEO? 
Vivek Sharma: 
Yes. So, Chirag, we did talk about it that we have changed the structure from what it was 
before. The new structure will have three new business CEOs who were actually in the 
system before, and they will not directly report to me. 
 
We are, however, creating a new position of platform COO who will be joining us shortly, 
hopefully in the next few weeks. And he will also report to me, so that these operations 
dotted line also report to him in addition to supply chain qualities. But the businesses will 
have complete autonomy and they will report it to me. So the structure will be slightly 
different from what it was before. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Understood. Thank you so much. Best of luck. 
Vivek Sharma: 
Thank you, Chirag. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
Vivek Sharma: 
I can just give a brief update on the -- that you may find helpful. This is given, as you 
know, that we are in quiet periods, we cannot share any numbers, but just general update. 
We've recently completed four major customer orders across our CDMO facilities, and they 
all went very successful. 
Our RFP pipelines, which, you know, with the addition of a BD team and all these 
investments we've been making in commercial infrastructure is becoming more and more 
robust. Pharma is taking time to make decisions, but we are excited with the pipeline, with 
the relationships we are working, with our engagement with customers at different front. 
One of our large Japanese customers has confirmed its Phase 3 order, which is very 
important for us. This is a very important milestone in our CDMO journey. Our SuryaPet 
facility is scheduled to be capitalized in line with this confirmed order, which reinforce our 
readiness for commercial scale execution. This is one of the four Phase 3 commercialization 
products that we were expecting, so we are pretty excited about it. 
In addition, our recently onboarded large innovator-customer relationship is progressing 
very well with multiple mid-phase projects under active discussion, and their leadership 
team is actually expected to visit us shortly. Our ADC business continues to gain traction, 

 
Page 5 of 11 
 
which means an alternative payload program and steady progress across both existing and 
new partnerships, supported by an NJ Bio in the U.S. 
Surya, our oligonucleotide unit, has successfully completed equipment validation and 
remains on track for commissioning in Q4, marking another important milestone in 
expanding our advanced therapy capabilities. This is the site in Nacharam in Hyderabad, 
which just got completed, and we are working on the validation1 process. 
Now, on the recent OI classification of our Nacharam FTF unit, which we updated to the 
stock exchange last week, we are in the process of appointing a leading U.S. FTA 
consulting firm to also help us in addition to an Indian firm to guide us through the 
remediation process. 
We're working proactively with external experts to address observations and engage with 
the agency in the best possible manner. However, as we have said in the past, this business 
is less than 1% of the overall, impact EBITDA that we have. However, we're giving it all 
the due importance and continue to work, making sure that we address everything in the 
right way. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs with the next question. Please 
go ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Yes, thank you for taking my question. Just the first question on the change. Do you expect 
any large change in strategy following some of the recent changes, Dr. Prasada, before that 
Dr. Sudhir? So, anything that is changing, or maybe just as two platforms come together, 
there are going to be personal changes. Are we going to pivot into something different, or is 
there a thought process to change the execution strategy? 
Vivek Sharma: 
If there's a change, it is to expedite actually our growth journey and to bring more execution 
and to accelerate everything that we are doing. But fundamentally, our vision of a US$1 
billion business by 2030 remains there. We are committed to reach there. And as part of 
that, we're bringing in more global leaders, more talent that can help us reach there faster 
and improve our chances of reaching there. But fundamentally, no, there is no change in our 
strategy. We remain committed to a US$1 billion business, with a significant portion 
coming from CDMO, with focus on tech-driven businesses. 
 
However, as part of progression, it's important to bring in, leaders that can help us reach 
there faster and better. And that's why you are seeing a lot of new additions to the team. We 
have added three business CEOs. All of them have joined us in the last 6, 7 months. We're 
adding a COO position. We're bringing in some other functional expertise. 
 
The commercial team has strengthened significantly, and a very different level of 
commercial team that I'm excited. So, to answer your question, there's no change. All our 
efforts are to accelerate and to ensure that we reach that path. 

 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Shyam Srinivasan:  
Helpful, sir. Just a second question on industry development. The US Biosecure Act has 
been cleared by the Senate. So, this is much delayed, right? This was started in December 
last year at the House. So, anything that you're picking up now from a conversation that 
you're having with customers on – or is this legislative change, going to be more lasting in 
terms of its impact? 
Vivek Sharma: 
Yes. Shyam, as you know, this has been going on for the last, what, 6, 7 months or 9 
months now, right? And we have seen ups and downs. Myy answer is going to remain 
consistent with what I've been saying. Listen, people are moving towards figuring out a 
China-free strategy. I think that trend, irrespective of biosecure, I think companies are 
trying. 
 
However, the pace at which they move depends on company-to-company. Indian 
companies will definitely continue to benefit. Now, the Act, as you know, is still being 
reviewed and it's not fully passed, but it's a step in the right direction. Now, with some 
changes, right, they took some of the names of the companies, they made some 
modifications to the original version. That will definitely have impact. But overall, this is a 
positive sign in my view for India and the India CDMO and CRO industry. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Naresh Suthar from SBI Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Naresh Suthar: 
Yes, thank you for taking my question. Has there been any attrition in plant operation, 
senior level, as well as in the R&D team in the last 2-3 months? 
Vivek Sharma: 
Naresh, as your line was not very clear, but let me repeat the question just to make sure I'm 
getting the question? 
Vivek Sharma: 
We have a new head of R&D for the CDMO business. We actually have two senior guys 
who joined us in the last one year. They've taken over as the head of R&D, Dr. Somesh and 
Dr. Ashok. Both were in the system and they are now running the R&D, including the 
ADCPs for the business. 
 
On R&D part, we've also added the ADC segment with NJ Bio expansion. We have not 
seen, except for one or two changes at the top, apart from that, below that, we are actually 
expanding and we've added a lot of R&D resources in the company. 
 
So, while there were some people that left a few months ago that got replaced right away, 
there is actually more addition to the people. And now with the Oligo site coming up, we 
are adding a lot more talent and a lot more people. We have won some new contracts in 
ADC and we are adding people for talent for that as well. So, there is actually growth in the 
R&D overall in our R&D workflows. 

 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Naresh Suthar: 
Okay. I mean, my reference was whether because of the attrition, is the workflow with the 
clients or the communication with the clients have been impacted? 
Vivek Sharma: 
If I understand your line is unfortunately very bad, but if I understand, is there any impact 
on the workflow with the client? So, no, our delivery motive on R&D remains at 100%. We 
are very good in delivering our R&D project. We have had success in winning some larger 
projects with the new team in R&D. Our head of R&D in the CDMO was in Europe. They 
are actually at CPHI. He was in Europe meeting with our key customers last week. 
 
So, we have seen, if anything, we have seen all positive improvements and we're just 
working on launching the Oligo site, which is also part of R&D. We have won a large 
contract with a large CDMO for ADCs. That is also a result of our R&D capabilities. So, if 
anything, Naresh we are seeing a lot of positive momentum. 
Naresh Suthar: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Karthikeyan from Suyash Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Karthikeyan: 
Good evening, Mr. Vivek. Thanks for the opportunity. Just want to understand from a 
cultural perspective, how do you view the attrition that has been observed in the recent 
past? As outsiders, it is for us a bit more disturbing because this is a very senior level exit. 
So, how do you, A, view this? Is there a cultural element that you want to call out? And B, 
how do you ensure that this doesn't become a recurring feature, joiners and leavers being a 
recurring feature kind of a thing or do you believe that we should get used to this as a 
normal? 
Vivek Sharma: 
I think culturally, we actually are a very unique organization. Somebody started saying we 
are a combination of six family-owned businesses that have now become part of who we 
are today, right? There has been a cultural transformation in the company, in the journey. 
And for us to really realize the $1 billion ambition, we'll have to continue to evolve in our 
journey. 
 
As we are becoming more global in nature, as we are becoming more integrated in nature, 
as we are moving up the value chain, our culture has to keep evolving and keep moving up 
for us to really deliver that ambition that we have for our shareholders, for our customers, 
for our employees, right? So, that journey will continue. These were all different nature of 
businesses in different places. Now, they're all part of global company. And there is 
definitely a transition in culture. And you will see that natural transition in culture. 
However, the common thing that binds us is our values, is our ecosystem is our 
performance system is our culture. For example, we just had a call with all our leaders to 
communicate about Dr. Prasada, that have leaders from all different parts of the different 
businesses globally, because they're all part of the business. 

 
Page 8 of 11 
 
 
Tomorrow, we are having a global town hall where every single employee in the company 
is being invited to that. So, we are very open, we are very transparent, we are very 
collaborative. We shared with them jointly with Dr. Prasada on these calls as to why he's 
leaving and what is, how the company will continue to work, right? 
 
So, to me, that is also cultural transformation that we are really bringing in transparency, 
openness and, opportunity. Cultural transformation also, somebody asked a question about 
the head of R&D. We are building talent internally in the company that can move up. 
 
The replacement of the head of R&D has happened actually with internal upliftment, 
internal moving up. And we are working strongly to build that pipeline that as we grow and 
as we walk, that we have internal leaders who are really can move up rather than we keep 
hiring people from outside. 
The third, which I really want all of you to focus on is the amount of talent we have added. 
It is true that some people have left for different reasons. However, as we aspire to really 
reach a $1 billion vision, as we work on our commitment to deliver something aggressive, 
we need people with that experience, with more global experience, with people who have 
been there, done that, who are bringing in different relationships, different technology 
expertise and a different vision. And while some people may have left, but I can tell you, 
we have hired and added a lot more talent than the people that have left, right? 
So, yes, there has been some churn, but some of this was designed, some of this is timely, 
people have decided for personal reasons. But I'm actually excited with the new leadership 
team that we have built and the people that are coming to join, because they're coming with 
a vision to be part of this $1 billion vision. And we remain committed to really go on that 
journey as fast as we can and as steadily as we can. 
But we don't have any planned activities that, will trigger more people, that people leave for 
their personal reasons, that sometimes happens. And then we work on transition and 
developing internal leadership to take on those roles. And top level has become, has 
reached a point where I believe that, now we will see more stability, because there's been a 
lot of changes, a lot of upgrades that we have done. So, I'm personally optimistic that you 
will see a lot more stability at the top level. 
Karthikeyan: 
Yes. Sure. I'll take that positive note. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bansi from JP Morgan. 
Bansi: 
Two questions from my side. Firstly, Vivek, with the ongoing buildup of talent that you've 
spoken about across functions, how should we think about the impact on overall cost 
structure and margins then? 
Vivek Sharma: 
Okay. What's the second question? 

 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Bansi: 
The second question is that in your vision of achieving a $1 billion revenue milestone, 
we've highlighted that inorganic will also play a role. So, in that light, if you could guide us 
as to any areas that you are prioritizing, any geographies that you are looking more closely 
to build capacities or capabilities? 
Vivek Sharma: 
Okay. So, I think, yes, there is cost involved with the new people that are coming in and 
there will be some overlap also, because when new people come in, old is there. So, 
sometimes there will be a timing difference and some of these things. However, we are also 
very cautious of cost and looking at every single opportunity to optimize cost. We have 
some internal programs that we are running on Lean Six Sigma. 
 
We have a team that focus on, we take very aggressive targets, looking at every single piece 
of cost everywhere. People cost is only a portion of the cost, but there are other areas where 
we have looked at. The guidance that we have given, we remain committed to that 
guidance. However, short-term, there could be, because of the overlap, there could be some 
minor impact that we are trying to make sure that we manage it in a smart way by looking 
at every single place of the cost. 
On your second question, in terms of the non -- the inorganic growth, we are aggressively 
committed. We actually have in-house M&A team of two people that is very experienced. 
We are aggressively looking at opportunities all the time, and as we are talking, there are 
some discussions going on.  
These are, again, focusing on our strategic direction that we said that we want to be a key 
CDMO player and looking at capabilities that allow us to become a niche tech player. In 
that direction, we continue to look at opportunities that fit our strategy and that fit our 
vision, and as we make progress, you will hear more about it. 
Bansi: 
And how should we think about funding some of these opportunities, would they be large, 
will you be able to manage them with your internal approval? 
Vivek Sharma: 
Yes. Sometimes, opportunities are what they are. We don't create opportunities, right? You 
bet on what is out in the market. Our plan is to fund everything with internal funding. If 
required, we can borrow money, but right now we're looking at everything with internal 
funding. Our idea is to remain cash positive and then just leverage our internal resources 
and the kind of opportunities in the capital structure we are looking at for equity structure 
aligns with our vision that should be just with internal funding and minimize borrowing. 
We don't need, we have to otherwise just look at what we can do with our resources. 
Himanshu: 
Bansi, I'll supplement to what Vivek has said that as you would recollect, the vision is very 
clear that we will be cash positive at the end of the strategy period. But yes, as Vivek also 
mentioned that it all depends upon the size of the opportunity. We are neutral to using 
internal funding as well as a part loan if it were to be required in the internal period and 
then we'll kind of stay to cash positive delivery at the end of the strategy period. 

 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Bansi: 
Got it. That's helpful.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harith Ahmed from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead.  
Harith Ahmed: 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for the opportunity. So, on the resignation of Dr. 
Prasada Raju, which follows Dr. Sudhir Singh's resignation earlier. So, I'm just trying to 
understand if under our previous organization structure at the top, was there too much of an 
overlap in terms of executive roles and responsibilities and was that a reason for this 
iteration at the top? And if that was indeed the problem, then with these changes, has the 
problem been addressed? 
Vivek Sharma: 
Harith, we explained, I don't know if you heard or not, we explained the new organization. 
We have three new CEOs who are running the business with complete authority and P&L 
accountability, responsibility and commercial teams. As you know, the organization has 
evolved over a period of time. Six companies coming together.  
So it was important to really re-look at the organization and make sure it is geared for our 
long-term ambition of a billion-dollar company. That's why you see that we have three 
different CEOs come with very unique global experience into the space with the expertise 
in this space and have complete authority being supported by the head of operations, head 
of quality, head of supply chain, head of EHS and all that to really help us. 
 
So that's the main reason why you see the new structure change. There is no other reason 
why it was changed, or you don't know about the overlap and all that. There was no such 
thought process that there was an overlap of responsibility. It is to align with the future 
growth of the organization. 
Harith Ahmed: 
Yes. Got it. And then Vivek, your role as Executive Chairman, that continues and will you 
be adding more designations or responsibilities to your current role given the changes and 
exits? 
Vivek Sharma: 
I think, yes, I have no desire. I am very busy with what I do right now. I don't have no other 
designation, but yes, I am continuing. I am spending a lot more time in India. I am here 
every other week. A lot of you guys have met me. So that continues and then they become 
very active actually. I am excited that I will get to work with a lot of talented individuals. 
So yes, there is no change. I am fully committed to the company and fully active in the role 
that I have. And now it has become a little bit more hands-on with these changes and are 
being more involved with the CEOs and other people reporting to.  
Harith Ahmed: 
Got it. Thanks for taking the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Foram Parekh with Bank of Baroda 
Capital Market. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Foram Parekh: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. I just have one question. Since we have mentioned 
about scouting opportunities in the M&A side, so I would like to know, I mean, if you can 
just share some color that are we looking to expand into existing modalities of ADC and 
oligonucleotide? Are we looking to expand into a newer modality? Because in a very short 
span of time, we have transformed the entire business from small molecules to newer 
modalities. So are we looking to venture further into newer modalities or are we restricted 
to ADC and oligonucleotide? 
Vivek Sharma: 
Yes. Thank you, Foram. And thank you for using the word transform and I appreciate your 
appreciation of our transformation journey. So, idea is to look for capabilities, not 
capacities. ADC, we have an East capability. We have a West capability. Oligo, we have an 
Eastern capability. You know, if we find something in the west, then Oligo will be happy, 
but we are looking at assets that are profitable, that bring unique capabilities to our 
portfolio. 
And they are all part of niche tax, something with niche capability. Sometimes, we have to 
buy a bundle, and, in that bundle, you may get something that is not your first priority, but 
it comes with it. So, it depends on the asset, but we are looking for differentiated assets. 
Foram Parekh: 
Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have no further questions, ladies and gentlemen. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Ms. Cyndrella Carvalho for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you, everyone for joining us on short notice. See you in the quarter 2 call. Thank 
you. 
Management: 
Thanks, everyone.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Cohance Lifesciences Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us.  
