                  Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. 
Mahindra Towers, 
Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg, 
Worli, Mumbai 400 018 India 
 
Tel: +91 22 2490 1441 
Fax: +91 22 2490 0833 
www.mahindra.com 
Regd. Office: Gateway Building, Apollo Bunder, Mumbai 400 001, India | Tel: +91 22 6897 5500 | Fax: 
+91 22 22875485 | Email: group.communication@mahindramail.com | mahindra.com | 
CIN No. L65990MH1945PLC004558 
7th November, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor,  
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051. 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400001. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange  
35A Boulevard Joseph II,   
L-1840 Luxembourg. 
  
London Stock Exchange Plc 
10 Paternoster Square 
London EC4M 7LS. 
 
Sub: Disclosure of Transcript of the Analyst/ Institutional Investor Meeting 
 
This is further to our letter dated 8th October, 2025, wherein we had given an advance intimation of the 
Analyst/ Institutional Investor Meeting in terms of Regulation 30(6) read with Para A 15 (a) of Part A of 
Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
The Company had conducted M&M Q2 FY26 Earnings Con-Call with Several Funds/Investors/Analysts on 
4th November, 2025 with respect to the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the 
Company for the Second Quarter and Half Year ended 30th September, 2025 and the Presentation(s) made 
thereat along with the weblink of the Presentation(s) and weblink of the AV Recording of the said Earnings 
Call was submitted vide our letter dated 4th November, 2025. 
 
 
The Transcript of the aforesaid M&M Q2 FY26 Earnings Call with Several Funds/Investors/Analysts is 
enclosed and is also available on the Company’s website and can be accessed at the following Link: M&M 
Q2F26 Analyst Meet - Transcript 
 
Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed in the aforesaid Earnings 
Call. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Yours sincerely, 
For MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED                     
 
          
 
 
SAILESH KUMAR DAGA 
COMPANY SECRETARY  
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sailesh 
Kumar 
Daga
Digitally signed by 
Sailesh Kumar 
Daga 
Date: 2025.11.07 
19:31:41 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Q2 FY26 Analyst 
Meet” 
November 4, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. ANISH SHAH – GROUP CEO & MD, MAHINDRA & 
MAHINDRA LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH JEJURIKAR - ED AND CEO, AUTO AND 
FARM SECTOR, MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED 
MR. AMARJYOTI BARUA - GROUP CFO, MAHINDRA & 
MAHINDRA LIMITED 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 4, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
Divya Gulati: 
Good afternoon everyone and a very warm welcome to the quarter 2 analysts’ meet of 
Mahindra and Mahindra Limited. For the main presentation today, we have with us, our group 
CEO and MD, Dr. Anish Shah, ED and CEO of our Auto and Farm Business, Mr. Rajesh 
Jejurikar and our group CFO, Mr. Amarjyoti Barua. Once the presentation concludes, we will 
start with the Q&A session. 
 
Just a reminder, this meeting is being recorded. For the purpose of completeness, I wish to read 
this out. Certain statements in this meeting with regard to our future growth prospects are 
forward looking statements which involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from such forward looking statements. 
 
                                 
With that, I now hand over to Dr. Shah for opening remarks. 
 
Anish Shah:       
Thank you Divya. Good afternoon everyone. 
 
Just before this, at the press meet, I started by saying that, I am delighted to announce results 
for this quarter and as many of you know me well through many many quarters, I do not think 
you have heard the word delighted from me so far as yet. It has always been good steady 
performance, we are doing well, we are on track but this one is different, because we have seen 
all our businesses come together and take in the challenges of the quarter. It was not an easy 
quarter overall but despite that, I would give a lot of credit to our teams across businesses and 
therefore you also see a simplified version of our key messages page because sometimes when 
numbers say what they have to, you do not need to say much beyond that. And what you see is 
a strong performance across businesses with farm profits up 54%, with auto at 14% but 
impacted by the GST transition, because a number of vehicles were not delivered from 
September 8th onwards or rather delivery was postponed to October. And 14% generally is a 
very good number but in the context of our overall numbers, we feel that it could be higher and 
that is again because of the transition.  
 
Mahindra Finance delivers, we have been talking about Mahindra Finance for some time and 
we will give more details on that but I look at this as sort of the end of phase 1 in terms of what 
we have to deliver for Mahindra Finance and a very strong quarter with 45% operating profit 
growth.  
 
Tech M on track, profits up 35%, this does include exclusion of a one-off gain from land sale 
last year and that is, therefore an operating number of 35%. Growth gems are accelerating, as 
you heard before, I typically do not talk much about profits for growth gems because we are 
looking at investing in these businesses and growing them multiples and therefore we will look 
at profits for a few years down the road, not today. But despite that, we have got a good 
outcome for growth gems right now and on balance consolidated profit is up 28%, accounting 
for three one-offs. 
 
First is gain from land sale last year, second is gain from PLI this year, what was recorded in 
this quarter but for prior quarters and therefore we have counted the prior quarters part 
obviously as a one-off and are not taking that gain into account and third is the tax payment on 
SML Isuzu transaction, of about 217 crores. So those are the three that we have taken out and 
therefore we want to show the operating profit numbers, which is up 28%, ROE annualized is 
up 19%, with my standard caveat which is please do not expect 19% going forward, it will 
always be in the range of 18 and could be slightly higher or below that.  
 
Consolidated numbers, revenue up 22% year over year, year-to-date up 22% as well, so it is not 
just a quarter, it is performance for the year, profit operating up 28% for the quarter, 29% year-
to-date and therefore I want to go back to the reason for the word delighted is, this time we 
have got all our businesses really contributing in a very meaningful way. It is not just the 
numbers, it is the quality of the numbers behind all our businesses contributing that delivers 
that outcome.  
 
Drivers of consolidated PAT, auto and farm up 28%, tractor volume strong at 32%, auto 
volume given the transition a little lower at 13%. You will see a steady margin expansion, 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 4, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
completion of the SML acquisition and that has driven again a very strong outcome for the auto 
and farm businesses. 
 
Tech M and Mahindra Finance, both businesses that are on a track to meet peer averages and 
then over time exceed peer averages. Mahindra Finance has completed that first phase as I 
mentioned and what you see here again is, great results for both businesses. And growth gems, 
where we have got a 5x growth challenge, what you see is a 22% increase, one-off here which 
is not one-off we captured in overall numbers. There was a one-time tax impact which we have 
just basically shown for the growth gems only and because overall numbers are smaller. But 
real estate is strong, Aero has continued strong wins. The Airbus helicopter fuselage that we 
will supply globally is a big win for the aerostructures business and Accelo has continued 
growth momentum. 
 
Auto, little more details on the auto business, revenue up 25%. As you have heard from us 
before, there will be a mismatch between revenue and profit growth for a few reasons and 
Rajesh will cover that in more detail as well. SUV penetration from an electric standpoint is 
8.7%, up 90 basis points, sequentially quarter on quarter and export momentum is strong. This 
is a growth vector for us and we are seeing a 40% growth in exports and hopefully we continue 
to see that, be a meaningful growth vector as we go forward. Market share, this is a remarkable 
number, up 390 basis points from a revenue standpoint year over year for the same quarter, 
literally 4 percentage points of market share gain. LCV market share, despite it being 50% plus 
has increased as well by 100 basis points to 53.2% and that has resulted in the profit numbers 
that we have talked about. 
 
Farm, just outstanding execution on the ground, premium segment growth albeit from a small 
base, operational execution driving both profits and cash. You will see the cash numbers a little 
later as Amar presents them. We have completed the sale of Sampo in Finland. We continue to 
maintain that discipline and what we have always said is, where we need to exit a business, we 
will and this is what we have done with Sampo. Market share up 50 basis points, farm revenue 
starting to deliver the potential that we have been talking about for some time, up 30%, 330 
crores of revenue for the quarter is starting to move towards profit, is profitable now as well 
and therefore you see, the remarkable number of profit after tax growth of 54% for the farm 
business.  
 
As you think about achieving full potential, Mahindra Finance is one where I would look at this 
as a breakout quarter. We have talked earlier about improving asset quality, about tighter 
controls and technology and data being a key part of the business. All of that is done. Asset 
quality is maintained steadily at less than 4.5 for GNPA. It is at less than 4 in fact for this 
quarter.  
 
Controls, a lot of work has been done and the business has a much stronger set of controls now. 
We are looking to pivot to growth because we have got technology and data also largely in 
place with the Udan stack that we have talked about in the past going live and very strong 
adoption across our teams for Udan, which is effectively creating a whole new system 
architecture, much better customer experience and much easier process that will result in, not 
just customer delight but also lower costs as we go forward and that digital transformation is 
done. 
 
We also see a NIM improvement this time of 47 basis points, AUM growth of 13%. This is 
despite not really focusing on growth for the last couple of years but we will as I said earlier, 
pivot to growth now and that has overall resulted in a very strong number of operational 
performance, 45% profit after tax growth for this quarter.  
 
Tech Mahindra on track, gains in BFSI, manufacturing and retail in a tough industry. 
Accelerated our AI effort, have launched Orion. Margin progression is on track as has been 
outlined by us as well and therefore, we feel good about where this business is and again 
reflected in some ways in the operational PAT number for 35% growth.  
 
As you look at our scalable growth gems, logistics with Hemant coming in has seen just a 
remarkable improvement across various parameters from an operational standpoint. We will 
start seeing the benefits of that from a financial standpoint as well but that will take a little bit 
of time, not too long but we are starting to see some very very strong execution and we see, the 
first quarter for a positive gross margin for the express business. White space reduction which 
is excess warehouse space that we had has been reduced quite significantly, not at the level 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 4, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
where we want it as yet but still more work to be done on that. E-commerce segment growth, 
revenue is up 11%, EBITDA is up 70 basis points at 5% and putting the business on a very 
solid turnaround track that we will start seeing more results for. 
 
 
Hospitality, occupancy hurt by some of the weather related issues in this quarter and that has 
been offset by average unit realization being much higher at 85%. We are starting to focus a lot 
more on quality and on the average unit realization, as compared to just number of members. 
So number of members, you will see 1% growth but this is a key area for us. 
 
Some geopolitical headwinds for our holiday club business in Finland but it is a business that is 
still profitable, a good asset overall but it is one that we feel can do a lot more as we think about 
holidays going to the next level. Room inventory of 5% and on balance, what you will see here 
is a good strong business that delivers very well for its customers, has a potential to grow to a 
lot more and we will come back with details on how we do that in not so distant future.  
 
Real estate on a very strong trajectory, you saw GDV last year being extremely strong, that 
trend continues this year as well. Last year if you remember, we had the 37 acre land in 
Bhandup as part of our GDV and resulting in maybe somewhere around 18,000 crores, I don't 
have the exact number but somewhere in that range and this year is also on a very, very strong 
track. So you see, this business be one that has broken out again, the plan for GDV growth of a 
pre-sales growth rather which is a key metric from a real estate standpoint for this decade is 
14x, from what we had in fiscal 20 to what we planned for in fiscal 30 and the business is still 
looking at how do we grow faster than that and that is really what we have seen here. The GDV 
that is required for the pre-sales growth in the next 5 years is largely in place as well which 
gives us confidence that the delivery is more based on execution now, not based on external 
market factors and that is what you see in the launch pipeline, in addition to that, good 
realization from the IC business. So residential pre-sales up 89%, GDV acquired up 3x, still 
coming from a fairly good year last year.  
 
And that brings me to the slide that you have been very used to seeing, consistent delivery on 
our commitments. ROE continues to be in the range of 18%, this quarter it is 19.4 and EPS 
from the time we had committed 15% to 20% EPS growth, we have delivered a 35% EPS 
growth. So all in all, very strong execution across businesses for us and that is where the word 
delight comes from and with that Rajesh over to you. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Hi everyone, thanks Anish. Just a quick look, you have seen a lot of this, I am just going to zip 
through quickly. The volumes were up 32% for the quarter, of course, with the preponement of 
the Navratras, so it is not completely like to like but still, very robust growth and gain in market 
share of 50 basis points. 
 
The trend continues to be a strong trend with 44% market share in the first half of this year. 70 
lakh tractors rolled out between the two brands, of course over decades but 45 lakhs for the 
Mahindra brand and 25 lakhs for the Swaraj brand, both milestones got achieved between 
September and August this year. Farm machinery business saw a very good quarter, 330 crores, 
every month clocked 100 crores plus, so it was a very, very strong quarter performance and we 
are seeing good momentum now kicking in, into the farm machinery business. 
 
The farm margins were very strong, core tractor PBIT was upward of 20, so 20.6%, which is a 
very strong performance and something which makes us feel good about, normally quarter 2 is 
not a very strong profit quarter, it is quarter 1 and quarter 3, so 20.6 in quarter 2 is a very strong 
margin performance. This is a chart we normally show you with respect to market growth, how 
we are able to keep a band of margin and we have seen now consistently last three quarters of 
20% plus core tractor margin. The PBIT growth has been 44%, this is consolidated with a 1600 
crores profit. 
 
On the auto side, 7% growth as Anish mentioned, impacted by complex logistic issues starting 
right from 15th August and then the GST announcement on 4th September after which we 
completely stopped all high sales products, so we then had a huge bundling towards the end. 
But as you saw the October numbers kind of made up for the loss in September billing 
numbers. Very positive trend that we are beginning to see on LCVs finally, quarter 2 saw 13% 
growth for us and we gained some market share. So, as you will see when we come to the LCV 
chart, after many quarters of flattish volume, we are finally seeing growth in segment. The 
volume dip in quarter 2 is a reflection of the transition of GST and the billing, but overall 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 4, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
depending on whichever cut you look at it, we are in the mid to high teens. So, if you look at 
April to September, April to October, only festival day’s retail, we are in the mid to high teens 
irrespective of the cut by way of how our SUV growth has happened. 
 
Revenue market share still continues to be number one, come down marginally from the 
previous quarter because of the reasons that we spoke, but otherwise strong performance. We  
introduced the two new Boleros, they got delayed a little bit because of liquidation of the older 
versions as GST transition was happening, but the response has been very, very strong. All 
versions are priced below Rs.10 lakhs, which is a great opportunity to create category and with 
the changes that we have made, we ourselves are pleasantly surprised with the kind of response 
that the market has brought forth for both of these changes and both the new versions that are 
out there. 
 
The Thar 3 door with the ROX interiors coming in, some minor exterior changes, also has got a 
very good response and the benefits of all of these, because both of these were mid-cycle in the 
middle of festival transitions, we will see the benefits of that as we move into the next quarters. 
We sold 30,000 electric SUVs, totally cumulative till date, very good feedback from customers, 
very good word of mouth, very good analytics that we now have on the kind of usage, how 
much of it is more than 1,000 kilometres per month usage, 20 days more per month, so on and 
so forth. We will put out this analytics, we were thinking whether we should do it today, but 
then we said we will reserve that for 26th November, which is the first anniversary and we will 
put out a more comprehensive customer understanding with numbers, because these are all 
connected vehicles and we have some really good analytics on how the vehicle is being used 
and profile of people and percentage of customers who have run so many kilometres per day, so 
many times in their ownership cycle, so there is some really good analytics, we will put that out 
in a comprehensive release on the 26th of November. 
 
The Batman edition has been a huge revelation and a huge learning for us, just shows us what, 
it actually came out of customers who, when they started seeing the black BE 6, started calling 
it the Batmobile, that is what gave us the idea to do the Batman edition and then we tied up 
with it. We announced it at 300, we saw the demand is going to be way more, so we increased 
that to 999, which got sold in no time, so we are in the process of completing the deliveries and 
we will talk more as we go forward but we have learnt a lot out of how to use special editions 
out of the Batman experience.  
 
The penetration in our portfolio is now 8.7%, which we think is a very good number at this 
stage of the launch with the two products that are out. This should strengthen further as we 
introduce and add more products into the portfolio. In the first half, we have been at revenue 
number 1, in quarter 2, we were number 2, we had a competitor who had a new product in and 
you can see that there is a small gap but we were in the quarter marginally below number 1.  
 
This is the point I was making on LCV, you see a reasonably large period of time which was 
flattish and then we have seen  69,600 volume in one quarter as a very positive turn in the 
segment. 
 
The auto margins are, this is a standalone without contract manufacturing, the next chart will 
explain this as a format we put out, so 10.3% is we believe a very strong performance. This is 
how it breaks up. So what you see as reported is 9.2, which is 10.3, which is a standalone 
business, contract manufacturing, we make 10 crores on the 2,900 crores, so that drops it to 0.3 
and the weighted of that is 9.2. So, we will continue to show it like this so that you are able to 
see the operating auto performance without the contract manufacturing getting merged into 
that.  
 
We had also said that you will see the end-to-end of the electric performance and hence you see 
Mahindra Electric as a company, which had an EBITDA of Rs.173 crores in the quarter. This 
only reckons the PLI for that quarter. As Anish mentioned, the PLI that we got for quarter 4 of 
last year and quarter 1 of this year is treated as exceptional. So, this is only the quarter 2 PLI 
accrued, which takes the EBITDA to Rs.173 crores and we earned Rs.29 crores as contract 
manufacturing. So, the end-to-end of that is Rs.173 plus Rs.29 which is the Rs.202, that you see 
up.  
 
Last mile mobility had a very good quarter, 42.3% market share and as you can see a very 
strong electric volume of 32,000. 
 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 4, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
The auto consolidated you have seen this, revenue grew 25%, PBIT grew 14%. Coming to the 
event on 26th, 27th, so this is my closing couple of videos, we see a huge opportunity to build 
on the equity we have around racing. India has become much more conscious of racing, two 
things that changed, one is the Netflix show on Formula Racing, the second is the movie F1. 
Both of these have heightened awareness around racing. We had a really good season last year, 
we were number four, ahead of many strong pedigree brands. We do want to leverage this as 
we start the new racing season in December in Sao Paulo. So, we have a video which we have  
 
been running over the last couple of weeks leading into the 26th event where we will reveal 
some of the new livery and the prep going into the December races. So, the first video is really 
about that, this is on air for the last few days.  
 
(Video played 
 
So, this is one part of what is going to happen on 26th November in Bangalore. We have also 
started teasing the 9S as we are now calling it. So, the first teaser was out yesterday which I 
will play for you now.  
 
(Teaser played 
 
So, thank you. With that, I will hand over to Amar. We are excited about 26th, 27th November.  
 
Amarjyoti Barua:  
Thank you, Rajesh. 
 
So, you have seen this chart, but after the media interaction, I got a few questions. So, I just 
want to reiterate a few things about how we call out one-offs. We do not call out something we 
had not called out last year when we are doing a comparison to last year. If you look at our 
charts for last year, we had the Rs.304 crores gain for land sales called out last year because it 
was truly a one-off event and is not likely to repeat. And so, the intent of showing that again 
this year is to make sure you have an operational baseline to compare to. Similarly, if you see, 
even though there was a big PLI gain in the current year, it was offset by the one-time tax we 
paid on SML, which is why the net impact of that is the Rs.14 crores that is called out. You will 
see exactly these numbers reflected next year when you see that. So, we are very consistent in 
this. I just want to reiterate that because I got a lot of questions on it after the media interview. 
 
And even the criteria for calling out something as a one-off, it is not a sub-100 or even sub-200. 
We would typically take something which is above Rs.200 crores for consideration in our one-
offs. So, I just wanted to clarify that. 
 
This chart gives you the picture that Anish showed on one page. So, I just wanted to reiterate 
again the key messages there. You see the auto growth, you see the phenomenal farm growth. 
Even in services, you can see the Tech M and Mahindra Finance and as he called out on his 
chart on growth gems, that growth gems and investment line item does include a one-time 
charge we took for Mahindra Holidays, details of which you can see from their reports. It is 
truly a one-time and it is a tax catch-up that we had to do and we have proactively done that in 
line with our very strong governance standards. And you can see that reflected here, the big 
contribution from farm but also very meaningful contribution from auto and the services 
franchise.  
 
Standalone results, exactly same principle. You will see that, out of the Rs.304 crores, Rs.201 
crores were land sale of what we used to call K-Land, which is what was reflected last year as 
well. So, we have called that out and in the Rs.219 crores is the tax we had on the SML 
transaction, that is also called out. As I mentioned again, it is one-off. So, 23% year-to-date 
growth in revenue, 31% year-to-date growth in profitability, excluding those two one-offs that 
we have called out. So, clearly very very strong performance. 
 
This is the chart that most proud of because I think this reflects a lot of effort from the teams 
because you got to keep both in sync. You have got good profitability but if you do not have 
good receivable management payables, etc., you could get out of sync and this is something 
which reflects the strength of the results you have seen in the first half. You can see we started 
the year at Rs.27,000 crores. We have spent close to Rs.2500 crores on CAPEX. We have done 
the three rights issues that you are well familiar with. We have done the SML transaction and 
we paid out dividends, yet the total cash balance has increased in the first half. So, it reflects 
very, very strong operational results across the group but special call out also for the auto and 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 4, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
farm team, for what they have done on working capital management through. As Anish 
mentioned, some very trying circumstances that we have seen at least in the second quarter. So, 
I will wrap up with that and we will take questions from here. 
 
Q&A Session 
 
Divya Gulati:  
 
Okay, we can start with the Q&A. Take the first question from Kapil of Nomura.  
 
 
Kapil: 
Yeah, thanks, Divya. Congratulations, team. I think, it was really a tough quarter, so solid 
performance. My first question is on the GST cuts. If you could just share your thoughts on 
what is the impact across your portfolio. So on the automotive side, we have the 40% GST 
bracket and the 18% GST bracket. What are your thoughts on how the consumers are reacting? 
Because some of your peers have said that the industry growth may be around 6% going ahead 
with 10% growth in small cars and not so much effectively growth coming from SUVs. And 
then, you know,.maybe you can share some thoughts on LCVs and tractors also, if you feel, 
with the GST cut, there will be some impact on demand there as well. So, I'll leave it open for 
you to share the details across the portfolio.  
 
Anish Shah: 
So Kapil, just to start with, an overall view and then go to your question specifically. And I will 
request Rajesh to answer that. Overall, I think this is a very, very good move by the 
government because for the longer term, it simplifies things as well as reduces GST. And there 
will be, in our view, a fairly strong multi-year benefits from this move. In the shorter term, 
what we are seeing is, the fact that the strong fundamentals of the economy were waiting for 
some stimulus to be able to translate that into optimism from an overall feeling standpoint, 
which is important as well. And we are seeing that happen right now. So that's a short term 
impact for this. I talk about across the economy. I'm not talking about auto farm in particular. 
We operate in, as you know, in 70% of India's GDP and we're are seeing that across businesses 
right now is a very positive thing. So therefore, for both of those aspects, we think it's a very 
good step forward. Yes, a little bit of pain in the short run as we talked about, but that's fine. 
We'll take that any time for the benefits that that we are seeing here and with that, I'll request 
Rajesh to specifically answer your question.  
 
Rajesh Jejurikar:  
Kapil, I will walk through all the 3 segments because it's important to understand each, So, in a 
way, tractors and LCVs, I am first taking as one bucket. Over the last five years, customers 
have seen unprecedented price increases. I at least I have in, you know, if you go back many 
years, not seen this kind of a price increase in such a short period of time, huge commodity 
increases that happen starting 2020, more like 2021. Regulation change that kicked in, 
especially with BS6 and then BS 6.2 and multiple other regulatory costs that got added. So 
customers have seen more than 25, 30% cost increases. This was having especially in the LCV 
segment, a major drag on ability to grow, because the fleet owner or the vehicle owner was not 
able to pass on that on a freight cost charge to customer. So it was creating a drag. So I think, 
this was much needed to as a fillip to boost demand. And it's not a small I mean, I don't think 
any OEM could have taken a 10, 12% price correction. It was just way too much for anyone to 
do to, you know, kind of trigger an upside in demand. So, as Anish said, I think this is a very 
significant move from an overall approach to boosting growth in the economy. So I think LCVs 
will as we've already seen that through the festival period, but we'll see a lot of the latent 
demand over many quarters, which didn't kick in, probably start to kick in. That is accompanied 
with, you know, positive mandi arrivals and many other things. But you know, we've been 
talking about mandi arrivals for a while, but I think both these needed to have come together, 
and that's happening now. So, that's a positive enabler.  
 
On the tractor side, again the same thing. It was very, very high cost increases on the tractor 
commodity and other things. So you know, it's quite a substantial reduction again, for the 
farmer. So it is that along with the mood right now in rural many enabling factors. So both of 
these are clear category enabler. In both these segments, there is a clear category enabler in 
place through the GST. 
 
Coming to passenger vehicles, which is, you know, everyone has their point of view on how 
this story will play out. Whichever way it plays out, it's going to play out for good. Now, 
whether some sub segment gains more or less, time will tell. Every customer set is looking for 
something in particular to their life, when they're making a purchase decision. So you know, 
when we think of, what you were calling the 40% slab, so if you think of vehicles in the 40% 
slab, they actually start from, interestingly, from even as low as ten lakhs. In fact, we had done 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 4, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
an analytics of volumes that happen in different GST slabs earlier, connected to size and price 
and you will find in the 40 of earlier 48% slab, vehicles as low as seven lakhs going up all the 
way to 50 lakhs or 60 lakhs or more. So now for a customer, who is in the 12, 15-17 lakh 
bracket, they're still paying 40% GST and they're at a certain budget. Now they are able to 
move up the ladder of feature offering for the budget they already had. So they are not first time 
buyers who are going to come into the category or not based on a certain price. But what they 
choose to buy, they will. They can upgrade based on a certain price. So there may be customers 
who were till now not thinking about buying, let's say, a bigger SUV but today can, because 
we've enabled it. And I just spoke about an example of, let's say Bolero or Bolero Neo. If that 
product was 1.5, 2 lakhs more, it may have excluded some set of customers. But today, when  
 
they've gone below ten lakh and hence the we are also able to get the on road benefit because as 
you all know, you know most states have a differential road tax about ten lakhs, you start 
getting the multiplier effect on road price. This, along with reducing interest rates, creates a 
compelling package for those who are in the mid end of the market to upgrade either from what 
they were buying earlier and as some of our peers referring to that comment would say, for 
those who are not thinking of buying a car earlier and are now thinking of buying a car earlier. 
So you have a spectrum of buyers who are going to be reacting differently. For some people, 
it's a question of, should I buy a car or not? And, you know, the size of the overall passenger 
vehicle market goes up because more people come in over a period of time, they're going to 
upgrade. And while we may not get that customer into our portfolio today, they will be our 
customers for the future.  
 
 
 So, I think, you know, at the end of the day, I am sorry giving a very long answer to your short 
question, but I think this is going to be good for everybody. 
 
Kapil: 
 No, that was the intent actually, I wanted a more detailed answer. But can you cover EVs also 
within that answer? Is there an impact because the differential has changed?  
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
 So, far we are not seeing that. I still think the EV propositions, firstly, most of our EVs are in 
the big size and, hence, play against the big SUVs. So, the gap still is 5-40. We were not in the 
5-28 category, we were in the 5-48 category. So, yes, the gap has come down but 5-40 is still a 
very substantial gap. 
 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
 Kapil, can I just add one thing, which is a fringe benefit of this, is the simplification on the 
working capital side for the farm business is pretty significant. I do not know whether that was 
as obvious earlier, that is a business which used to have a 12-18-28 kind of structure, right, and 
now it is far simpler for the team to manage and working capital will be better managed as a 
result and should free up some as well. It is a big benefit. 
 
Kapil: 
Sure. Yeah, thanks so much.. Sir, second question is on the CAFE norms, we saw some 
changes in the draft, particularly I was a bit surprised to see lower credits for EVs than what 
was originally being proposed. Where are you placed on this? What is the EV penetration 
required now? Is this draft final? Do you need hybrids in your portfolio as well as you move 
forward? And also, if you can share some color on festive bookings? Since your portfolio is 
under transition, probably if you can share some numbers there would be helpful. 
 
Anish Shah: 
I will just start again by saying that we do not believe the draft is final. There are a number of 
inputs that have been sent after that across the industry and SIAM also has sent or is sending a 
set of inputs on that. And our sense is the government will look at all of those before finalizing 
it. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
So, the fundamental word draft means it is not final and we treat it as such. So, there is a 
process of dialogue and discussion which is on, which was the purpose of the draft, and that 
process is right now under discussion. In either case as we have said, you know, we will be 
ready to do what we need to, to manage customer expectations and part of that is managing 
CAFE norms. 
 
 
I think the journey on CAFE is a while away. We feel comfortable that with what is likely to be 
an outcome not necessarily the current draft in its process. We will be able to have enough EV 
in our portfolio along with any other fuel types that are needed to be able to meet the CAFE 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 4, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
norms. So, that is the direction towards which we are working. But the draft is far from final.  
 
Kapil: 
Sure. And, Sir, on the festive?  
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
On the festive, I, in a way, indicated that, Kapil, while I was presenting. So, you know, there 
are multiple ways to cut it and everybody is cutting it in the data in different ways. There isn’t 
any one simple way to look at it. So, actually, we have 8 cuts of whichever way you want to 
look at it. The reason I am saying that is this time the first 7 days of Navratri were way better 
because the period before Navratri customers were not really buying at all. normally, pre-
Navratri you had Shraddh but South was buying who were not so much into the Shraddh 
mindset. So, it is just very hard to compare anything. So, we are just looking at basically April-
October as a period or Q2 as a period or we have also looked at only September, October. 
 
So, whichever way we look at it, we are mid to high teens on our retails as a number. So, we 
are in line with what we have been thinking should be the offtake. I am not getting into first day 
of Navratri to last day of Diwali because this time demand has spilled over beyond last day of 
Diwali as well as we have all seen, when you look at Vahan. 
 
So, I do not think there is any one right way to cut it and we have cut it multiple ways but we 
feel overall comfortable. Given the limitations that were there of having the right product mix 
because of, you know, dispatch delays and all of that, so given all of that, I think, we feel 
comfortable about the way demand was. Not specifically reacting to bookings right now 
because actually booking numbers are very, very healthy. Now, it is just hard to say what of 
that is going to convert and we have decided not to get into sharing bookings. But booking 
momentum has been much stronger than retail momentum.  
 
Kapil: 
Thank you. Best wishes, Sir.  
 
Divya Gulati: 
Nitin, please proceed.  
 
Nitin: 
Thank you very much. Just on this consumer behavior, what you talked about, people might 
want to upgrade because it is not like income is increasing but it is like the price is reducing. 
How do you see that mix of because 1.5-litre diesel becomes very attractive especially for the 
mid-SUVs versus a petrol when we look at the price bracket? And some of your competitors, 
especially Koreans, are talking about a lot of bookings coming in the diesel in the midsize and 
we have that very strong product there. So, any transition, any consumer behavior you have 
seen a change because the product is very well accepted, some market share gain can happen 
there? How consumer is behaving to that part, diesel versus petrol, especially in that particular 
segment? 
 
 
And second question to Anish Sir. I think as an investor in ‘2023 I asked you a lot of questions 
about RBL. 
 
Anish Shah: 
You should have placed bets as to how soon that RBL question is going to come in. 
 
Nitin: 
Finally, it is a very big strategic investor is there, how you are thinking about now? He already 
owns, I think, 60% of the bank. So, just any input from your side on how now you are thinking 
about that part? 
 
 
So, those are the two questions, thank you.  
 
Anish Shah: 
So I will start with that as a shorter answer because, as we said earlier, one of the key reasons 
was a Treasury investment as well. We saw significant value there and that has played out. So, 
if you just see the gains, it is probably more than 50%, I do not know the exact number. But for 
us it is, in a sense, a validation of what we had seen and it is one that we will continue to look at 
as a Treasury investment, make decisions on that basis from a Treasury standpoint. 
 
 
In the previous session with the press, I was joking and saying someone should just do an 
analysis of how much timeshare this gets versus the real impact on M&M and you will see a 
huge inverse correlation from that standpoint because everyone loves this question. So, it is a 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 4, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
good one to ask. Rajesh. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Your question is primarily around diesel, petrol. 
 
Nitin: 
Diesel and petrol. CESS was there and then diesel is was pretty much attractive to petrol, 1.5 
liters, specifically in that mid-size. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah. So, I will just quickly walk through different parts of our portfolio. So, 3XO is primarily 
a petrol offering now. More than 75%-80% is petrol. We are not seeing, at this point at least I 
have no input that there is a shift there towards diesel. There is a lot of shift there by way of 
which version becomes attractive because as prices come down a different version becomes  
 
attractive than what was so before the price change. So, in 3XO at least I have not so far picked 
up that there is more diesel demand because of a price drop. Though, it is an interesting input 
and we will watch it on 3XO but at least so far I do not have that input. 
 
 
On the rest of our portfolio, our diesel is in the region of 70%-75%, 25%-30% is the gasoline; 
varies from product to product. Diesel can be a compelling proposition now because of the 
price drop and that puts us at a competitive advantage clearly. So, you know, following up on 
Kapil's earlier question, different people are going to get different things out of the GST rate 
cut. I was earlier focusing on the ability to upgrade vertically but an interesting perspective 
could be gasoline diesel as well which will give us a competitive strength. But it is something 
honestly we have not picked up yet and thanks for sharing that, we will watch for that more 
carefully. 
 
Divya Gulati: 
Raghu, please go ahead. 
 
Raghu: 
Thank you, Sir, and congrats on the results. Sir, firstly on the LCV side, festive season, at least 
Vahan, shows a very strong, double digit growth and, how do you see the full year outlook? 
And within LCV, you know, for your customer set would there be a sense for how much of the 
customers would the GST be a pass through and for how many of them would the GST 
reduction will actually be a benefit when they are purchasing the product? 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar:  
Just to be clear on the second part of the question, you are talking about where they are able to 
get a GST set-off which is… 
 
Raghu: 
Yes. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
…a company buying, right? 
 
Raghu: 
Correct. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar:  
That is the point. So, the second one is, let me just try and get that out of the way. For pickups, 
we have very reasonably large market operation, buying which are individuals are not buying in 
companies or small aggregators of 3, 4, 5 vehicles who I do not think will be getting the GST 
trade off. 
 
 
 
Nal, you have a different take? 
 
Nalinikanth Gollagunta: 
It is about 60% or so. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar:   
60% are market MLOs or whatever. So, it is a fairly large chunk which retains the benefit. 
 
On the first question, you know, everyone will have a different view on it. I am sticking my 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 4, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
neck out and saying that I think the outlook will be a double digit growth for the year. I think if 
this momentum continues, which means not just the price impact but there is not too much of 
destruction in crops because of the late rains and Mandi arrivals continue to be good and robust. 
So, you know, the rest of the economic parameters play out the way they have played out in the 
last 2-3 months and along with the rate cut, I think, we will end up the year at double digit. But 
some may argue that it will be high single digits but at least I would stick my neck out to say 
that I would expect to see low double digit growth for the category. 
 
Raghu: 
Thanks for that. And also, on the tractor side now you are seeing a low double digit growth for 
the full year. So, how are you seeing the mix between North and other regions because other 
regions seem to be growing at a much faster pace? 
 
 
And also, recently there are some concerns in terms of, you know, like on the rain side, 
unseasonal rain side, cyclone side, anything we should read into it? So, that was the part. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah. So, Maharashtra, Karnataka in particular, have seen really strong growth this year. U.P., 
Rajasthan have not been all that bad, they are high single digits. So, they have been I think, 
from what I remember, in the 8%-9% range. So, in a way from a market share weighing point 
of view, that is good for us, that is positive for us. These are very strong markets for both 
Mahindra and Swaraj - Maharashtra, Karnataka, Telangana, Andhra, so on. Now, whether this 
will continue, I think my sense it will continue because some of the states were on very low 
base, you know, including for the second half of this year. So, I would expect that this mix is 
not changing too much for the balance part of the year. 
 
The effect of rains we are trying to assess. I have actually struggled to see in the past a 
correlation between significant off-seasonal rain. So, you know, often we get this happening 
also in Feb-March, it is not very directly correlated to tractor sales is kind of my intuitive 
judgment on this. But in this particular case we need to wait and watch and see what is 
happening and how much damage. The fact that there has been damage at this stage is 
uncommon. Normally, you get a little bit more of that in the Feb-March period when you get 
the early rains and you get damage, which I have not seen too much of impact of that. 
Hopefully, this is not going to have too much. We are not factoring in a slowdown because of 
the delayed rain which has just happened. 
 
Raghu: 
Thanks. Thanks for that. I mean it is a delightful result, just 2-3 concerns, wanted your thoughts 
on that. One is that Nexperia, would it have an impact on production in Q3 or Q4? Second, on 
the CESS refund. And, third, commodity prices, precious metal has been going up. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Second was? 
 
Raghu: 
CESS refund. 
 
Anish Shah: 
CESS refund. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar:  
Dealer CESS? 
 
Raghu: 
Dealer CESS. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah. So, on the first one, we have a reasonably high confidence that Q3 is fairly covered. We 
believe that the situation will ease out by Q4. If not, I am sure you have, Raghu, been tracking 
Nexperia closely, it is a very low value commodity kind of chip, roughly 20 cents. So, it is not 
hard to substitute. It is not like the semiconductor issue that was there through COVID which 
were all very specialized and very hard to replace and needed extensive validation. These are 
more commodity type chips. So, it is a question of finding substitutes for which we need a few 
weeks. We have over the last 3-4 weeks already solved for many, many existing parts which 
now gives us comfort that by and large this quarter is covered. Hopefully, by the time we come 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 4, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
towards the end of November, we would have covered with options most of our portfolio. 
 
There are multiple stakeholders hoping to resolve this issue. It has impacted Europe OEMs 
quite significantly and there is a lot of work happening between couple of countries in Europe 
with China to unlock this problem. So, I do not think as of now, we do treat it as an extreme 
risk and, hence, extreme caution by way of mitigation. So, hopefully, this should not be an 
issue. But, that being said, we have to be very watchful. 
 
On the CESS issue, we are just treating it right now as an issue dealers have to solve for it, sub 
judice. As you all know, the FADA has gone to the government, I mean gone to the Supreme 
Court, arguing for why it cannot be unilaterally discontinued. They believe they have a valid 
case and we will see how that plays out in court. Our view will be to wait and watch that out. In 
any case, it is a dealer liability in books of the dealer. Whatever we had to take by way of cost 
that we have incurred related to CESS, we built-in in Q2. So, we are not carrying anything in 
our books over but, of course, this is a dealer point of view. 
 
 
Can you repeat the third question? 
 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
Material inflation on precious metals. 
 
Raghu: 
Commodity and precious metals. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
So, precious metals had gone up. It started easing off a little bit, as we all know, over the last 
week or 10 days. That is something that we need to watch for. Each of these are volatilities that 
come out of nowhere, so we will watch for that is all I can say. This is all part of managing life 
today, you do not know what is coming at you from where. 
 
Amarjyoti Barua:  
Just if you do not mind my adding something on that. I just want you to altough feel good that 
the team does have a very strong focus on this and we do hedge everything. So, there was good 
anticipation by the strategic sourcing team that precious metals will see some pressure. We 
have taken a hedge position. From January to now, on average 3 precious metals have gone up 
between 60%-80%. So, you are absolutely right. But we are not as exposed to this phase 
because we have taken hedges, we have taken the offsetting gains for the expense that we have 
seen. But if, of course, the trend continues, then the hedging costs will go up and that will 
impact. 
 
Raghu: 
Thanks for that. 
 
Divya Gulati: 
I will just take few questions online. This is from Arvind Sharma of Citi. Amar, the question is, 
where would PLI reflect in the standalone numbers and what is the broad amount? Also, how 
much of it accrues to XEV 9 and BE 6?  
 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
So, PLI actually does not come up in the standalone results because it goes into MEAL books. 
It is reflected as a revenue item and the total amount for the quarter was around 460 of which 
150 pertain to…463 exactly, 151 pertains to the quarter and 312 pertains to prior period. That is 
what we have called out effectively. The tax affected amount of that is what we have called out 
in our results. And it all is for the 9E, the 6 has not yet qualified for PLI. 
 
Divya Gulati: 
Okay. Next question, this is Pramod of UBS. Rajesh, there are three questions. Can you please 
share a full year guidance for SUV, LCV and tractors? Second question, PLI, by which year do 
you expect PLI incentives to fade for the EVs? And the third question, can you share any EV 
booking trend post the GST cut on the ICE vehicles? 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Just clarify the last question, EV booking trend or ICE? 
 
Divya Gulati: 
He is saying because GST has been cut on ICE vehicles, so has it impacted the EV booking? 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah. So, on SUV for us, Pramod, we stay with mid to high teens, which was what we said at 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 4, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
 
the beginning of the year. We are not changing that. We believe mid to high itself was an 
aggressive outlook that we had put out and we stay with that number. For LCV, I just answered 
that in a way to say we think it will be low double digits for the full year. For tractors, we had 
said in the region of 5-7% I think at the beginning of the year, which we are now saying as low 
double digits. So, we are upping the Tractor industry outlook from 5%- 7% to maybe like 10%-
12% kind of thing. So, low double digits.  
 
 
PLI goes on till FY28 and we expect that it will continue till then if not longer. But, hopefully, 
it should continue till then. The claims against PLI, there is enough funds left. So, it should 
comfortably last us till FY28. 
 
Divya Gulati: 
And there was one impact on EVs post GST. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah. The EV, it is too early to say right now, Pramod, but as you can see even through the 
festival period the overall EV segment has continued to grow rapidly. With new products 
coming in from competitors, the segment has continued to remain strong. And we believe that 
will continue because, as I mentioned, especially in the segment in which we play and some of 
the new products have come in, the gap between 5 and 40 is still very substantial. Of course, it 
has come down from 5-48 to 5-40 but 5-40 is still a very large gap and we do not see that  
 
 
deteriorating. There have been on-off issues, Haryana, we are waiting for their EV policy to get 
effected which affects NCR region because you have Gurgaon as part of that. So, there has 
been an uncertainty on that. U.P. went through a few days of old policy to new policy. 
 
 
So, some of the state level things are also kind of getting clarified, which also makes a 
difference to on-road price. So, it is not just the GST, you have to see it as a combination. So, 
the new U.P. policy, the benefit is only on EV and not on hybrid, which was there earlier from 
what came in October. So, overall too early to say if there is an effect but we do not see that 
really having an effect on EV demand. 
 
Divya Gulati: 
Anish, there is a question. It says, you had expressed strong confidence that India will achieve 
8%-10% annual GDP growth. Can you please elaborate on impact of the revised GST and other 
government incentives and initiatives on the M&M businesses other than Auto and Farm?  
 
Anish Shah: 
So, not revising my 8%-10% estimate. As I said earlier, the foundation is strong, the sentiment 
change withthis is what we are seeing play out and that is why we felt that the economy will 
grow at 8%-10% for the next few years. M&M results, as you have seen, are fairly strong in 
this current quarter and I cannot say much for future quarters but we will promise to deliver 
what is in our control and deal with things that are outside our control the best we can. 
 
Divya Gulati: 
There is another question there that any further right issue capital investment planned in any of 
the listed or other subsidiaries in the near future?  
 
Anish Shah: 
There are no rights issues planned in the near future. Capital investments will be made in all 
businesses as they need them as part of our growth plans. 
 
Divya Gulati: 
Next question, this is from Chandru of Goldman. The first question, there is BEVs Pack One 
and Pack Two, can you please discuss how Pack One and Pack Two mix is progressing after 
deliveries have commenced earlier this year? Can you also share some color on the drivers that 
can help raise our BEV mix towards the targeted range of CAFE-3 vis-à-vis the 8%-10% BEV 
mix today? 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Pack One continues to be sub-10%, which is what we would desire by way of delivery. We 
wanted Pack Two to be a significant Pack because it creates the right price point, which is why 
we had introduced Pack Two 79 which is doing well. Right now, Pack Two’s are roughly 35%-
40% of each of the products. So, Pack One is sub-10%, then 35%-40% and 50%-60% is Pack 
Three. Broadly, that is the mix. 
 
To meet CAFE-3 percentage, you know, it is going to depend on multiple things once we see 
the final policy get play out whether it is going to be MIDC cycle, WLTP cycle, whether 
tailpipe emissions on the WLTP cycle will be treated as zero or not. So, you know, the 
percentages vary a lot. But, you know, we have new products coming in. So, the 8% odd 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 4, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
 
penetration that has been achieved, has been within 5-6 months of launch of being in the market 
with only two of our products and there is a portfolio of products that will come. So, when we 
are talking about CAFE-3, we are talking about roughly 2 years away. So, we have a substantial 
time to get to whatever is the needed percentage from where we are today. 
 
Divya Gulati: 
There is another question which says, we saw a decline in the monthly numbers for SML last 
month and a strong bounce back for the month of October, were there any production 
bottlenecks or any process refinements? What was the reason for the decline in the month of 
September?  
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
I think some of it was the transition issues around GST and getting the vehicles out but nothing 
more to be read into that. Of course, the SML does very well when school bus season kicks in. 
So, we do see a big increase in market share in the quarters or months where school bus buying 
happens. They are very strong, as we know, in the bus segment. 
 
Divya Gulati: 
Okay, this is from Gunjan at BofA. Some of these are taken, sorry take the ones which are not 
there. It is tractors; solid momentum, can you give more color on underlying trends supporting 
this euphoria? Sustainability of this and update on TREM-V regulations. And the second 
question, how should we see the margin for MEAL trending ahead?  
 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
So, TREM-V, Gunjan, firstly, TMA is aligned, has had meetings with the Agri Ministry. TMA 
has also met MoRTH to kind of put reality of implications on moving to very high level of 
technology from a serviceability in the marketplace. So, everyone understands that 
implementing TREM-V in a country like ours where farmers have to have service capability of 
very high end technology may not be practical. So, there is an understanding that we need the 
right solution for rural India so that serviceability for farmers is not constrained.  
 
Right now, there is a dialoguing on which is the TMA proposal to move the 25-50 horsepower 
from ‘2026 to ‘2028, that is the TMA proposal. And for the less than 25 horsepower, the date 
was April’26. Again, there is a conversation on to postpone that as well. Both of these are 
under consideration. In the less than 25 horsepower, the unit cost is not that high and the 
technology needed is also not that hard to service. But there is a conversation on between 
Tractor Manufacturers Association and the rest of the stakeholders on what the implications of 
transitioning to TREM-V are.  
 
On what you are calling euphoria, it has been a strong festive season for tractors across the 
board. GST was, of course, one factor but many underlying factors were building up. We have 
been saying over the last few quarters that the rural economy has been on a path to strong 
recovery. The rains have helped, reservoir levels have improved, the government spending, 
which is a key indicator of tractor buying as we have shared in the past, has been strong, farmer 
terms of trade have not deteriorated, export of crops from India have grown which adds to 
cashflow to farmers. So, multiple on-ground factors have favored tractor buying and the GST 
has really enabled that process of buying. 
 
So, I think, part of your question was how sustainable is that. You know, it is really hard to give 
an outlook for next year but we just stay with our outlook for this year moving up from 5%-7% 
industry growth to 10%-12% industry growth.  
 
Divya Gulati: 
There was another question on margin for MEAL. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Margin for MEAL, yeah. So, margin for MEAL is going to be, you know, series of things that 
kick in, which is what is the right Pack mix and pricing to enable growth in the segment. You 
know, we are at that stage where we are into category creation, so we do want to make sure that 
we don’t lose the overall objective of driving electric vehicle penetration by way of not doing 
the right things that are needed to make that happen. We do have a BE 6 which will hopefully 
by April’2026 meet PLI as well. So, multiple localization actions are in place which will all get 
executed in a way by which hopefully by Q1 of next year BE 6 will also meet PLI. So, that will 
be one positive enabler. 
 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 4, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
 
And there is some of the localization benefits also flow through to current portfolio products 
that are there which is the 9e as well. So, multiple actions but we just want to say that, you 
know, few quarters back we said we have a path by which we want to go and I think just a 
positive EBITDA was a very good surprise for all of you. Now, we are seeing a healthy 
EBITDA and we don’t want to lose sight of the fact that we want to create this category and 
have to play a role in driving volumes in this category because that is what will fundamentally 
ensure long term returns and long term margins. So, we don’t want to tradeoff the ability to 
grow for driving short term margins. That does not mean we are not taking all actions to keep 
cost under control but we do want to make sure that we are driving the adoption of the category 
in the most appropriate way. 
 
Divya Gulati: 
This is question from BII, this is Aditya Banoth. Do you see any details on first buyer 
penetration for the four-wheeler EVs? Any trends that you have noticed? 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Sorry, I didn’t understand. What first buyer penetration. 
 
Divya Gulati: 
He's saying details of first buyer penetration. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
First buyer, okay. When we say first buyer, do you mean first time vehicle buyer? 
 
Divya Gulati: 
Yes. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
No, very, very few. What we do see is a very substantial portion of non- Mahindra, almost 85 
of our BEV buyers have not owned a Mahindra earlier. So, it is a completely new target group 
that we are getting in. Fairly large number have multiple car ownerships but we don’t really 
have too much of never bought a vehicle earlier in our portfolio. Nal?  
 
Nalinikanth Gollagunta: 
Very small. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Very small.  
 
Divya Gulati: 
Alright. This is from ICICI Prudential, Sakshat. He's asking, we had mentioned about 3 new 
ICE SUVs in Calendar Year 2026, 2 midcycle enhancements and 1 new SUV; that was a 
composition we had mentioned. Does this include Bolero and Thar three-door refresh, which 
we have launched recently? Can you share more details on these ICE launches in ’26?  
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Unfortunately, we can't share more details. The reason we don’t share more details on ICE, just 
so that you know doesn’t look like we are evading the question, is because it does affect buying 
of current portfolio products wherever there is uncertainty in customer. So, we are very mindful 
that being a core part of our product that we don’t announce any new ICE product too much in 
advance for the year that is coming. So, we wait and watch as we go ahead. But we have a 
couple of 3-4 interesting things happening in ‘2026. Nal, is that number about right? 
 
Nalinikanth Gollagunta: 
It is. 
 
Divya Gulati: 
 Yeah. The question is also that the Bolero and the Thar three-door refresh, was that a part of 
the 3? 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
No. 
 
Divya Gulati: 
This is other question, exports had a strong growth both in SUV and tractors, which are the key 
markets, showing high growth. 
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah. So, for us firstly, on Auto exports were seeing very good response to 3XO both in South 
Africa and Australia. There's really very good momentum there. The 700 is also doing decently 
in both these markets. So, Australia, South Africa have become two very important parts of the 
export leg. The neighboring countries which had kind of, you know, got into a little bit of a 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 4, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
slowdown for multiple reasons, money availability, so on and so forth, they’ve all begun to 
open up. So, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, all of these, Nepal as well have all opened up. We’ve send 
our first lot of EVs to Nepal, they’re on the way in this quarter. So, seems to be very good 
demand that’s organically got generated in Nepal for the EVs, probably spillover out of the 
India story. So, that’s broadly what's happening on the Auto side. 
 
 
On the Tractor side, the neighboring countries again have opened up, which you know 
Bangladesh was having a lot of issues for a while, availability of LC, so on. Sri Lanka had 
slowed down, Nepal had slowed down. So, all of those have come back. Algeria, we’ve started 
doing business in, so that which again was shut for a long period of time because of the 
government not allowing imports in without a certain license. So, most India exports to Algeria 
had stopped for almost a 1.5-2 years, which has started. 
 
 
 By and larger covered it? Yeah.  
 
Divya Gulati: 
Just taking this one last question, this is Amit of Phillip Capital. What is the company’s strategy 
to grow the farm implements business? And as this business is growing, how do we look at 
maintaining the margin in line with the tractor margin?  
 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah. Firstly, I must say that right now the margin is not in line with the tractor margin. We are 
just starting to make some money, so we have a path to go. The competitor pool has reasonable  
 
margins, so as we evolve our volumes, the margins should be much better than what we are 
making now. So, the peers that we have in that segment do make a decent level of margin. 
Unfortunately, there is no formulaic solution to growing in farm machinery, it is really to get 
behind a product category and then work at it and grow. 
 
One of the segments in which we haven’t so far been in the past done as well is the harvesters, 
which goes under the Swaraj brand. We’ve roughly had 4%-5% market share. We now have an 
enhanced, improved product which is beginning to do well and that, hopefully, will help us 
drive overall growth. The per unit value of the harvester is about 20 odd lakhs, so that does play 
a key role in driving topline. 
 
Divya Gulati: 
Great. Thank you, everyone. On behalf of M&M, I would like to thank you for joining us 
today. Please, join us also for our Investor Day on 20th November, it’s a very exciting day 
ahead. And join us for snacks in the adjoining room. Thank you very much. 
 
 
 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
