 
February 16, 2025 
The Manager
Listing Department 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Mumbai,  
Maharashtra - 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 500238
The Manager
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East,  
Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400051 
 
Symbol: WHIRLPOOL
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Conference Call for Investors/ Analyst for Q3 FY 2025-26 
 
This is further to our intimation letter dated February 3, 2026 and February 10, 2026 wherein 
we had informed the schedule of the Conference Call, please find enclosed herewith a copy 
of the transcript of the Conference Call of the Company held on February 12, 2026.  
The same will also be uploaded on the Company’s website at https://india.whirlpool.in/?sc=1.  
Yours faithfully, 
For Whirlpool of India Limited 
 
Sweta Srivastava 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Plot No. 40, Sector 44, 
Gurugram, Haryana 
 
Encl: as above  
Sweta 
Srivastava
Digitally signed by 
Sweta Srivastava 
Date: 2026.02.16 
17:45:10 +05'30'

 
1 
 
Whirlpool India Limited 
Q3 Financial Year 2026 Analyst Call 
February 12, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Analyst Call of Whirlpool of India 
Limited. 
We wish to inform you that all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal the moderator by pressing “*” and then “0” 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sweta Srivastava, Company Secretary. Thank you and 
over to you ma'am. 
Sweta Srivastava: 
Good Evening, Ladies and Gentlemen. We Welcome You to Whirlpool India's Analyst Call for 
the 3rd Quarter for the Financial Year-ended 2025-26. 
Along with me, we have the Chairman of the Board – Mr. Arvind Uppal, Mr. Narasimhan Eswar 
– Managing Director and Mr. Aditya Jain – Chief Financial Officer of the Company, also joining 
the call. 
A Presentation on the Business and Financial Results of the Company is available on the website 
of the Company as well as the stock exchange. 
Before we move forward, I would like you to remind of the cautionary statement that forms 
part of the presentation. During this call, certain forward-looking statements may be made. 
These forward-looking statements are based on certain expectations, assumptions and other 
factors which may affect the business results. Please read the cautionary statement carefully 
and the contents of this call should be interpreted accordingly. 
With that, I would now like to hand it over to Mr. Eswar. 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
Thank you very much, Sweta. First, I would just like to introduce myself. I am Narasimhan Eswar 
– Managing Director of the Company. I would like to welcome you to this Analyst Call. Thank 
you for taking out your time and joining us. 
Let me get on with the “Presentation.” If I could ask you to please go to the section that 
basically has the agenda. There are three agenda items. 

2 
The slide that says agenda is Business Overview, Strategic Imperatives and Financial 
Performance.” 
I will be “Covering the Business Overview of the Strategic Imperatives,” and my colleague, “Mr. 
Aditya Jain will Cover the Financials.” 
If you can just go to the slide that says “Signed Long-Term Contracts.” So, Slide Number6. The 
first thing that we would like to highlight is that we call it “Secure the Future of Whirlpool of 
India Limited.” And we have been able to do that because we have signed transaction 
agreements with Whirlpool Corporation for the long term. Now this was already placed into 
the market on the 16th of October 2025, but I am just highlighting this. This is the first time 
that I am speaking to a large group of analysts post that transaction. 
Now, what does it actually consist of? It comprises the following: Firstly, the Brand License 
Agreement or the BLA. We have exclusive rights to use the Whirlpool brand in our territory for 
30-years and the royalty rates are extremely competitive. These have already been shared with 
you. 
What is important is that we have got this for a slightly expanded set of markets. So, that is 
also helpful for us as we look towards the next 30 years. And the good news is that at the end 
of 30 years, we can have an option between us and Whirlpool Corporation to renew for another 
10-years at a time into eternity. 
The second part that we have been able to secure, which we are very happy about, is we have 
got the brand, but what about the technology? So, we have worked out a technological license 
agreement with the Whirlpool Corporation of the US to make sure we have access to current 
and future technology for major domestic appliances. 
So, these are in categories that we are currently covering and they are also in a couple of 
categories that we are not currently covering. But the intent in refrigeration and washers 
basically, and the intent will be to make sure that we have all the very best technology available 
to us going forward. On this one, we basically have it 10-years. For the next 10-years, it is up 
and then after that, it us up to us category-by-category to renew it five years at a time. So, this 
is even more good because we have the option to ask for the technology to be renewed five 
years at a time after 10-years if we need it. But if we feel we do not need it, then we do not 
need to take the technology. We can use our own technology. So, it is a very flexible technology 
access agreement that guarantees us access to world-class technology. 
The third part of this agreement is basically the “Transitional Service Agreement.” Now, as you 
all know, typically, companies have a TSA that could be somewhere between six months to 18-
months long. Given the unique nature of this transaction, we have worked out with Whirlpool 
Corporation written agreement that this will continue for us till March 2029. That is three years 

3 
and four months from the date of signing of this agreement, which we feel is an advantage, 
because if the timing had been very short, then we would have had to kind of scramble to figure 
out how to get to our own systems of working going forward. But now we have plenty of time 
to sit back, think through really well, what do we need to keep in the current systems, what do 
we need to delete, what do we need to modify, what do we need to add on? So, we have 
enough opportunity for us to work out something really strong for us in the next three and a 
half years. 
Lastly, on the “Service Agreements”: 
There has been a comprehensive service agreement also detailed now. We were taking some 
services from Corporation. Corporation was taking some services from us. All of those have 
been clearly called out in the service agreements. 
One of the most critical things is that we were servicing the Global Technology Center, which 
we call G-Tech. And that service agreement will continue until March 2029 to enable us to get 
to continuity and then adjust it as we go forward. 
Next slide, please. So, now moving on to the “Business Results,” which was the other part 
that we will discuss of Q3 '25-26: 
I am now talking only Whirlpool of India Limited standalone results. At a very top-line level, I 
think we have been able to sustain market shares in what was quite a competitive market. A 
weak industry, but a competitive industry nevertheless, while growing profitability. We have 
grown our revenue by 4% versus last year in a relatively weak industry environment driven by 
weakness in refrigerators and air conditioners. 
We are very, very proud of our productivity for growth through the P4G cost takeout program 
that led to delivery of 30%-plus gross margin. With the result that our EBITDA growth is 47% 
versus last year and our profit before tax, before exceptional items, which is basically the new 
wage code that has been introduced, the profit before tax is 32% growth versus last year for 
Whirlpool of India standalone without Elica. 
We are happy to see all the positive results come through from our ROI-based investments, 
which we use as our mantra. 
And lastly, operationally also, we seem to be doing the right thing so far. Working capital is 
quite healthy. We are again at a negative net working capital this quarter. And so that makes 
it four out of the last six quarters that we have had negative net working capital. 
Next slide, please. Moving on to Slide Number8, it just shows you the numbers stacked up. The 
left part of the slide is basically standalone revenue growth versus last year, and the right part 

4 
is standalone PBT before exceptional items versus last year. So, you can see in AMJ, what 
actually happened was, we were minus-3 on revenue, minus-2.8 on revenue, and our profits 
were flat in AMJ. In July-August-September, we were minus-5 in revenue and profits were 
down significantly, minus-50 versus last year. In October-November-December, we were at 3.8 
on revenue and we were up 32% on profit. 
So, again, we keep focusing on trying to do what we can with a couple of critical things that 
happened between the April-September period I would say. One is quite significant market 
decline on refrigerators, especially direct-cool refrigerators. And the second one is, of course, 
extremely heavy competition, unseen kind of levels of price reductions that were happening in 
the market, which we did not necessarily follow all the time. 
Next slide, please. So, this is the chart that I keep presenting in every session. But the way we 
have kind of worked it right now is to show a long-term picture. As you can see, the last row of 
this chart is our volume share. This is basically volume share, multi-brand outlets, just including 
all refrigerators and washers. 
So, Q4 '22-23, we were losing triple-digit basis points. So, three red dashes means triple-digit 
decline in basis points. Two red dashes means double-digit decline in basis points. Two positive 
pluses means double-digit increase minimum, like somewhere between 11 and 99 basis points 
increase and so on. So, as you can see, '22-23, last quarter, Jan-March '23, we were losing triple-
digit basis points. April-September, we started course correcting it to get to double-digit basis 
points decline. Then October-March, we had a clear strong double-digit basis points increase. 
From April '24 to December '24, and even in Jan-Feb, we had basically triple-digit basis points 
increase versus last year. And that continued. 
And in the last 12 months, Jan-December, the market has been flattish, and our volume share 
has been just growing in single-digit basis points. As you will see later, this is driven a little bit 
more by direct cool, where we have quite high shares, and the competition has been extremely 
intensive. 
Now, in spite of I would say a very weak market this year for refrigerators and washing 
machines, driven by poor market in refrigerator, and in spite of extremely heavy competition, 
especially on pricing, we were still able to keep our overall volume share keep our head above 
water in the overall volume shares, because we were able to introduce a lot of new products 
in the market this year. 
There was a glass-door products we introduced in both DC and in frost-free, including the Pride 
of India series, which I will show you later, and there was also frost-free we had in the L60 
range, we were able to bring glass-door refrigerators. We drove the auto-defrost in single-door 
refrigerators, as well as the detergent dispenser in semi-automatic. Expanded those really hard, 
and we also brought in premium ranges in the air conditioners. 

5 
We added additional retail executives. 
And finally, as a matter of last resort, we ended up trying to take the right decision sometimes, 
when we need to, for maintaining pricing indices. Net-net, these are the things that led to us 
holding our share in a very, very tough level. 
Next slide, please. So, this is again the breakup that I will show you. These are the volume 
shares across categories. So, just to show you, let us look across categories. So, as you can see, 
the last column is the 12-months 2025, Jan-to-December 2025. So, if you see the 12-months, 
Jan-to-December 2025, we have grown triple-digit basis points on the front-load washer 
business, which is fine, because it is not a very high share business for us right now, so there is 
opportunity to grow. We have grown strong double-digit basis points on both low-frost and 
semi-automatic washers. That, I think, we are quite happy with, but we would like to move it 
even further. So, both in low-frost refrigerators and semi-automatic washers, we have grown 
upwards of 40-50 basis points. 
The two categories where the maximum challenge happened on shares was basically on direct 
cool and on top-load, both of which where we have very high shares. In direct cool, our shares 
are well upwards of 20%. And that is the area in which we have not been able to grow share in 
the calendar year 2025. And that is something that we will be looking forward to course-correct 
as we go along with great new initiatives. 
On the top-load washers as well, it has been extremely competitive. As you can see, both on 
(DC), Direct Cool, and on top-load, literally for the last two years, we have had triple-digit basis 
points share growth. So, from, let us say, almost like September-October 2023 till Jan '25, we 
had significant share growth. And now, we are starting to see that share kind of stop or slightly 
decline or slightly increase in the case of top-load washers. And that is something that we are 
extremely conscious of, and we will continue to plan to grow those shares going forward. 
Next slide, please. This would then consolidate our top-three position. In direct cool 
refrigerator, we are typically either Number 1 or Number 2, even in the last 12-months. 
Similarly, in semi-automatic, we have been Number 2 in seven of the last 12-months. 
Top-load, we are within touching distance of getting to a Number 2 position, not more than 
100 basis points away. 
And, of course, in no-frost and in front-load, we have a lot of work to do, especially in front-
load. No-frost, we are in mid-double-digit kind of market shares already. But, again, plenty of 
opportunity for us to grow in those two. Thank you. 

6 
Now, if I look at the cost productivity programs, moving on to our financials, we continue to 
drive strong P4G cost productivity programs that drive gross margin improvement. Here is a 
chart that just shows you what has been happening from H1 '22-23. As you can see, H1 to H2-
22-23 moved up by 30 basis points, again, from H2 to H1 '23-24 by another 30 basis points, H1 
'23-24 to H2 '23-24, we moved up 190 basis points. And then from there, we have again moved 
up 30 basis points in H1 '24-25, another 60 basis points in H2 '24-25. 
Now, if you then switch it and look at the nine months-ended December for the Fiscal Year '25-
26, again, you will see that in the nine months, we have moved from a 30.3% gross margin to 
a 30.8% gross margin. Obviously, so we are quite happy with that. There will obviously be some 
challenges, I am sure, at some point in time. But the intent really is that more often than not 
to keep growing the gross margin, as that will help fuel any plans that we have to reinvest on 
higher ROI ideas. That would be our strategy always going forward. 
Next slide, please. The other thing that we are quite happy about is our networking capital. Like 
I said earlier, starting from April 2024, we were able to start working. Obviously, all of the '23-
24, we did the work. And then started paying off around September 24, which is the networking 
capital percentage net revenue. As I said, in the last four out of the last six months, we have 
had negative networking capital in the percentage of net revenue. That is the perspective I 
wanted to provide from the business point of view. 
Now, I will move on to the “Strategic Imperatives.” So, we have got our strategic imperatives 
here, inspire generations with our brand, win with product leadership, build a competitive and 
resilient supply chain, and excellence in execution. 
Next slide, please. Slide Number15. This is just our history of inspire with our brands. Our 
chairman is right here. And the chairman has been the managing director of Whirlpool in the 
past. And some of this is what he has done, whether it was pedestals, whether it was auto 
defrost, the three-door refrigerator, which we call, Proton, the dark interiors, which we call 
Platina, the first VA heater. So, Whirlpool has been a pioneer in the India durables industry. 
And we continue that trend as we go along. 
Next slide, please. So, our ADF, which is the auto defrost proposition in direct cool refrigerators, 
it continues to grow well. We have refreshed our on-pack stickers to basically call it, “No 
Tension Refrigerator,” because that is what it does. DC consumers' biggest pain point is ice 
walls that build up. And it causes them a lot of trouble to get that sorted out. And auto defrost 
automatically takes care of no icing on your walls. And that proposition is something that we 
are driving and that is doing very well. 
Next slide, please. These are some of the photographs of the glass-doors that we introduced 
on our direct cool refrigerators. This is called the “Pride of India Design.” You will see that there 
is a very, very Indian touch to these. These are not the usual flowers and so on and so forth 

7 
that you see in the market. These are absolutely customized to what you see in India in terms 
of design elements. You can see the stuff on the right. It looks like something the sari from a 
very famous movie, which I am sure some of you will recognize. And you see some of the stuff 
on the left. This is to do with what you can see in architecture in India as you go through. 
Next slide, please. We also did the same thing with glass-doors in the frost free collection. We 
introduced the Lapis Grande, which is a premium glass-door collection, which is also doing 
really well in the market. 
Next slide, please. In frost-free, again, we have the best-in-class performance on convertibility. 
As you know, convertibility is something Indian consumers are really fond of. But what you 
really want when you have a convertible is you want to be able to switch it to a convertible, 
move it from a freezer to a fridge in the fastest possible time. So, we have the performance 
and the claim to basically be able to say we will convert from a freezer to a fridge in just over 
10-minutes, which is an incredibly fast time. But that is what the Indian consumer wants, and 
that is why we designed it. 
Next slide, please. Another thing on frost free, to show you the kind of focus we have on, this 
is the new three-door Proton range that we have brought in. This had not been updated for 
about five or six years. So, we brought this in, and to the blessings of our chairman, who gave 
his green light to it after having seen the design, and we were able to put this into the market. 
Seems like quite an exciting start. This brings the magic of three doors, and the big claims here 
are 43% lesser cold air loss versus a top mount, 360 deg. enhanced cooling with fresh flow, and 
no odor mixing. And we have done all this with a capacity upgrade, which means the consumer 
gets more space basically than what they had before. 
Next slide, please. And there is something that we are very proud of, this reconception. But 
moving on to the “Dynamics Technology,” I think this one that we did in semi-automatic is 
something we are very proud of, like I was saying before I got cut off. Semi-automatic washing 
machine users, the biggest problem that they face is detergent patches staying on their clothes. 
This is the technology that we came up with, worked it out in 2023 towards mid-and-end of 
2023 and launched in 2024. And it has been a very, very strong win for us, driving our market 
shares. And today, this Dynamics technology, which ensures zero detergent patches with semi-
automatic washing machine users who use powder mostly. This covers 45% of the entire 
category. So, this is something that we are very proud of, having done this in the last couple of 
years only. 
Next slide, please. And the front-load washers business for us continues to accelerate. It is not 
shocking because it is on a smaller base, but we have grown the business about 50%, greater 
than last year. And the market shares have been growing on triple-digit basis points versus last 
year. 

8 
Next slide, please. And so is the case with our AC business. Both of these, we have no shares. 
And AC business, therefore, is also scaling up. We have got greater than 50% growth in calendar 
year 2025, with our new ranges of air conditioners that we have launched in the market, which 
we are reasonably happy about. 
Next slide, please. And of course, with Elica, a fantastic brand, we continue to drive 
premiumization to premium product ranges, whether it is filterless and auto-clean kitchen 
hood, or whether it is a built-in oven with air fryer function, or whether we do it with the direct 
flame flexi-opt-off, quite happy with the kind of initiatives that are coming through in Elica as 
well. 
Next slide, please. If I move now to execution, we continue to work on excellence in execution. 
Our aim is to win every day in every store with every consumer, knowing that they will not 
come back to the market, at least for that category, for another seven to eight years, if not 10-
years. Getting the pricing right, making sure that we have strong visibility and making sure we 
track that on a daily basis, making sure that our incentivization has happened on sales and 
service to drive premiumization and value, which we started from Jan 2024. And making sure 
we leverage our great customer relationships for a win-win situation for both us and our 
customer partners. 
We have also continued to see good improvement in our net promoter score, which is the 
measure for service. We continue to see that improving strongly, both through our service 
provider network that we have across the country, as well as our in-house service centers that 
we have set up in 2022. 
And one other thing that we are quite happy about is that we were able to transition to a new 
number, which is not that easy. And this was for two reasons -- one is for simplicity, and the 
other is for significant cost savings. So, very happy about that as well. 
Next slide, please. And like I said, P4G is at the core of our business. We, from fiscal year 2023 
to the nine months in fiscal year 2026, we had a standalone gross margin improvement of 320 
basis points. And this is all the result of the P4G program that we do. 
Next slide, please. I will now hand over to my colleague, “Aditya, CFO, to take you through the 
Financials”. 
Aditya Jain: 
Thank you, Mr. Eswar. I will now take you through the “Financial Performance of Whirlpool of 
sIndia Limited.” 
I am on Slide Number28. This slide talks about the Q3 Financials for Whirlpool of India on a 
Standalone Basis. In Q3, we delivered a top line of Rs.1,624 crores at a growth of 3.2%. 

9 
The revenue growth was driven by a couple of factors -- the first one was all the actions we 
took on the product and the execution side, helped us grow market share in washers. And we 
also saw a growth in our air con business, which was relatively higher than the rest of the 
business. So, given that the value of the air con is much higher, that helps us on the revenue 
growth side. 
Second factor was the industry growth. In this quarter, we saw a low-single-digit industry 
growth, basically driven by the festival demand, we had Diwali falling within this quarter and 
that is where we saw a little bit of pickup of demand and that also helped the revenue. And 
see, our focused ROI-based initiatives of driving segment and category premiumization which 
also helps drive our revenue. 
On the profitability side, we delivered EBITDA of Rs.65 crores. That is a very healthy growth of 
47% versus last year. 
And EBITDA margin was at 4%, an expansion of 120 basis points versus last year. The 
improvement in EBITDA was predominantly on account of the higher volume in revenue, which 
translates into a higher absolute DCM, and hence drives an EBITDA improvement. 
On the cost productivity side, we have a robust P4G program and we look at all lines of P&L 
from a cost productivity point of view. And the team did a great job in managing the cost 
productivity, and as a result of which, we were able to offset a lot of price indices maintenance 
actions, which we needed to do during the quarter. 
And see, the expansion of our premium and high margin portfolio also helped in driving our 
EBITDA improvement. 
Our PBT before exceptional items was at Rs.48 crores, which is again a healthy growth of 32% 
versus last year. Reported PBT, however, declined by 60% in this quarter, and this was due to 
the fact that we had to account for a one-time wage code provision of Rs.33.4 crores on a 
standalone basis. 
I am on Slide Number29. Slide Number29 talks about the Consolidated Performance for 
Whirlpool of India. Consolidated here means it includes the performance of our Elica business 
as well. 
On a consolidated basis, we delivered a revenue of Rs.1,774 crores at a growth of 4% versus 
last year. Our Elica business grew in high-single-digit during this quarter. 
Our EBITDA came in at roughly Rs.91 crores at 5% at a growth of 31%. 
And PBT before exceptional items, came in at Rs.71.7 crores at 4%. PBT grew by 21% versus 
last year. 

10 
Our Elica business, apart from growing in healthy single digit, also continues to deliver a very 
healthy double-digit margins. 
On a reported basis, again, the PBT declined by 45% on account of one-time wage code 
provisions and that number was Rs.38.8 crores on a consolidated basis. 
I am on Slide Number30. This slide will Summarize the Nine Months for the Period-ended 
December 2025 Performance for Whirlpool of India on a Consolidated Basis. On a nine-months 
basis, we delivered a top line of Rs.5,853 crores. That was a marginal decline of 1% versus last 
year. The decline in revenue was mainly on account of weak industry. As we all know that April-
May- June quarter, which from a seasonality point of view is the biggest quarter for the 
business, had a weak industry on account of delayed and weak summers. Though we saw some 
recovery in the latter half of the year, but then the impact on a nine-month basis is still 
negative. 
This impact was offset by a market share improvement in washers for us and the growth in air 
conditioners and Elica business. The market shares on refrigerators was more flattish for us, 
and our focused effort to drive premiumization, which helps again on the revenue growth, 
helped us offset the impact of the industry decline which we saw in this quarter. 
Mr. Eswar also spoke about the trend of the gross margin and the journey of the gross margin 
improvement even on a nine-month basis. Given the headwinds on RMI, given the headwinds 
on FOREX, etc., as a result of all the P4G and the cost reduction programs, we have seen an 
offset impact of all the RMI and FX and delivered a gross margin improvement of 62 basis points 
versus last year. 
Our PBT before exceptional items was at Rs.316 crores at 5.4%, a decline of 4% versus last year, 
and reported PBT declined by 13% mainly on account of one-time wage code provisions. 
I think that is from the financial side. With this, I will pass it back to Sweta for the Q&A session. 
Sweta Srivastava: 
Thank you, Mr. Eswar and Mr. Jain. I would now request the moderator to open the Q&A 
session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first question 
from the line of Ankit Merchant from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Merchant: 
Hello! My first question was sir, that the corporation earlier had given an intention that they 
want to reduce the stake to 20% by December, right? Now they have sold a bit of it and it still 
stands at 40%. My question is that, is there any change to the timeline where they want to 
divest and whether they have said anything about divesting 20% or has that changed as well? 

11 
And what are the constraints that you guys are seeing in terms of regulatory constraints, the 
valuation constraints that are delaying the execution? 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
So, I will be very honest with you. What the corporation will do or will not do is something that 
I cannot speak on at all, as you know very well. Because just like any shareholder, like you 
yourselves are esteemed shareholders of ours, nobody tells us whether they want to sell or 
buy or do whatever they want. The shares are theirs and they are free to do what they want to 
do with those shares. So, we are not privy to any information more than what you are privy to. 
Since October '16, especially so, where there is very limited kind of communication and 
definitely none on this topic. So, I am not able to provide you any color at all. The best way to 
do that would probably be to just read the transcript of the latest shareholders meeting that 
they had in the US or maybe approach the corporation, but then that would be a bit unusual. 
The point I am trying to make is they are shareholders and they are wanting to sell and it is not 
something which we are discussing and doing, just to be clear. I hope I answered your question 
honestly. 
Ankit Merchant: 
Yes. So, on the other side, the main intention of the stake sale was that, we will get more 
operational flexibility, we will be able to focus more on the India business while without much 
interest. Given that they sold some kind of a stake in the open market, have we seen any 
autonomy or freedom post that in how we make decisions, in how the board works or has there 
been any reconstitution in the board? 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
So, the board stays exactly the same as before. The chairman of the board is here with me and 
I am sure when I finish speaking, he would like to add on. Our board has guided us always 
through this business, even through 2025, when all of these four big agreements had to be 
signed, that I spoke of right at the beginning. We had right at the beginning, in February itself, 
instituted what was a transition committee, which comprise two independent directors, a non-
executive director, plus myself and the CFO and they basically sat with us. And they kind of 
advised us through that whole transition process, all of the negotiations that we had with the 
corporation. They blessed all the documents as they went through and have been with them 
and the board have been a huge help to us in working this through. So, the board, just to be 
clear, is fully and deeply involved in the business from an advisory point of view as they should 
be. The second thing is that, as far as we are concerned, we are frankly very excited we have 
been ever since we signed those four documents. Because that gives us a lot of energy that our 
future is secure, that our shareholders' future is secure, and we have been working ever since 
trying to figure out what else to do. I think it is early days, but hopefully in the next two to three 
years, we will be able to show you some of what that new flexibility is. So, I am just going to 
turn it over now to the Chairman of the Board, Mr. Arvind Uppal for his perspective. 
Arvind Uppal: 
Hi Ankit, good afternoon. So, it is a very fair question. There is no doubt the corporation used 
to support the management team in India. Now, given that they will not be closely in touch 
with the management team anymore, the board is stepping up to provide support largely to 

12 
Mr. Eswar in whatever respects. If you look at the latest board meeting that we just had, we 
did two things; one, we just created a committee. It is called the Strategic Oversight Committee 
which will be there to support the managing director and the management team. This will 
comprise of me and we are bringing Mr. Anil Berera on board. If you may recall, he was the 
CFO for the longest time. So, two very experienced ex-Whirlpool people, and they will be 
backing up the managing director in whatever respect you want. So, at this point in time the 
board is very confident. He has delivered fantastic results so far, and despite all the chaos and 
noise that has been happening around us, I think we have done a great job. So, now as this 
settles down, I think we should see far better output. I have no doubt about that. Thank you. I 
hope that answers your question. 
Ankit Merchant: 
Yes, sir. My next question is to Mr. Eswar, sir. Given that we have seen good trajectory going 
forward, over the next three to five years, what kind of growth are we seeing compared to the 
industry -- do we outperform the market, are we in line with the market, do we underperform, 
and what gives you the confidence that you will probably be in line with the market or probably 
above that? 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
Okay, it is a great question. Probably a question on a lot of people's minds. So, I will take some 
time to answer this question. So, the core categories that we play in. So, firstly, we are a 
refrigerators and washing machine-focused player. We have said that. In the long run, we want 
to be at the top of the leader board. That is why we come to office every day. We do not come 
to office to be Number 3 or Number 2, frankly. And I am not saying long run means three years 
or five years. It might be eight years or nine years. That is fine. But that is the eventual path. 
Now, within refrigerators and washing machines, we have certain categories like DC. Now, we 
are already doing pretty well in direct-cool refrigerators in terms of market position. The intent 
would be to grow the DC business going forward. By decommoditizing it, I am not going to get 
into detail of how, but to do that, to give offerings that are unique, differentiated and 
decommoditized so that we can actually grow and become the leader in the DC category. And 
that basically means that given our very high shares in DC, I do not think it is very easy to get 
100 basis points or something like that in DC year-on-year, it is very difficult when you are at 
our share. But growing the DC category every year would be, for me, the right target to go. 
Modest increases, maybe 20 bps, maybe 30 bps a year, we will see. Second, if I look at semi-
automatic, in semi-automatic, we are sometimes Number 3, sometimes Number 2. That is one 
in which we want to again grow our market shares, but grow it in not only the entry, but also 
in the premium segments, which is what we have been doing over the last two years. We have 
been slowly moving our business up towards the premium segments. And I hope to continue 
to see that happen again through decommoditizing the category by offering products that have 
a point of difference, that are not the usual run-of-the-mill stuff, and make that the base on 
which we grow. So, in semi-automatic as well, like DC, competition is incredibly tough. Not that 
it is easy in the others, but especially on pricing, very tough. And therefore, I would expect to 
see only a modest growth in share growth going forward for the next five years… I am talking 

13 
again everything over five years. Now, comes top load. Now, top load is something in which I 
think, again, similar to the first two categories, we have a very high share already. But, we do 
have a fantastic product portfolio that we can fully leverage. Right now, it is not at all fully 
leveraged in many ways. And so, I expect to see us use this top-end to mid-end of the product 
portfolio to grow our shares. Again, modest basis points over the next five years. Then come 
the two other interesting categories where our shares have a bit of an opportunity. One is 
Frost-free. Frost-free, we are in the mid-double digits. And I think there is opportunity to take 
that up further, more in line with our DC or our top load kind of washing machine shares. And 
so, I see that as a very interesting opportunity. In this particular segment, unlike the first three 
that I mentioned, there are sizes in which we do not play today. And those are very interesting 
spaces for us. And those are very attractive spaces for us. So, that is obviously of tremendous 
interest to us. And we will be looking to max out in those spaces as well. So, I see a lot of 
potential in Frost-free for us compared to some other firms. And lastly, we come to front load 
washing machines. In front load washing machines, we have tremendous opportunity. We have 
got great products with our Ozone technology, which are unique. We have very low market 
shares; still less than 5% volume market share for us. And if you see the rest of our washing 
machines, they are somewhere between 15% and 19%. So, huge opportunity. Brand name very 
well known in washing machines. It is just a matter of putting it all together and making it 
happen in a very, very tough and competitive market. So, as I look to see across these five 
categories, you can see how we can grow our market share, relatively smaller in some 
categories and much higher in other categories, through the right innovation, the right go-to-
market, the right execution, and always fueled by a P4G program, which gives us the gross 
margin improvements that we can funnel back into the business. Of course, I have not 
mentioned other interesting category for us, air conditioners. We are a smaller player in this 
category, but coming along well. This is a very fast-growing category. We will be very sensible 
about how we grow in this category. It can be a category in which if the season does not come 
through well, you could be sitting on tons and tons of inventory. So, we will always manage this 
kind of dichotomy, which is high growth, but you got to manage the inventory. So, this is 
something that we will also be focusing on, and air conditioners will be the other revenue 
driver. So, the portfolio position for it will be revenue driver, not so much a profit driver, 
because the margins in an air conditioner typically for the industry are lower than the margins 
for refrigerators and washers. But, it is a revenue driver which helps. In addition to these, this 
is the freedom and flexibility that we spoke of. We also have opportunities to open up other-
related categories within the cooling space. We also have the opportunity to look at other 
categories outside of these. And then on top, the cherry on the cake is, of course, Elica, which 
is a highly underpenetrated category, less than 5% penetration for these categories in India. 
Fantastic products, amazing design, great traction. So, this is something that we will be looking 
to build. So, we have clear core categories that we know what to do, what sort of products we 
need to launch. We have some categories in which we are not yet at optimal share at all, and 
we have huge plans to grow those categories. And then, of course, we have gems like the 
kitchen space with Elica, and Whirlpool, by the way. We have got two brands in the kitchen 

14 
space that we can actually grow. So, I would say from a revenue point of view, we have a lot of 
opportunities in the next five years. I would really look forward to strong growth in the next 
five years. Previously, I had talked about high single-digit CAGR. Assuming that the market is 
also working, because that is, I think, the most critical thing in the Indian market, the market 
also needs to grow. If the market were to grow slightly ahead of GDP, then I do not see why 
the high single-digit cannot become an early double-digit kind of growth number over a five-
year period. The profit part of it, I would say, this is going to be a little up and down across the 
next year or so, because there are two or three things which are important for us to kind of 
understand. In this durables industry, regulations are very critical. Regulatory costs are very 
high because it is an engineering industry. It is not just make one product. There is like hundreds 
and hundreds of components in every refrigerator or a washing machine. And many of them 
have regulatory impacts on them. So, regulatory cost is one thing that will impact the entire 
industry. And of course, as we go forward, we need to make sure that we can manage costs 
through our P4G program as well. So, with the heavy, heavy competition that we have in this 
industry, I do feel that profitability will also grow, but it will grow modestly. I do not think you 
will have breakthrough growths in profitability. The only thing that can change that is either if 
market price is up to take care of the regulatory costs completely, or indeed you have some 
kind of help with respect to commodities or things like that, that can come your way. So, a bit 
tricky to predict. We will focus on driving the top line and keeping to our discipline, operational 
rigor on managing all the costs, and that is our way forward. Did I answer your question? 
Ankit Merchant: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the detailed explanation, sir. This one last question I have. I just want to 
understand with the new energy ratings that have come in, in January, what is the impact on 
our Company and what kind of price hikes have we taken across the board? 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
Okay. So, the energy ratings have come in January in air conditioners and in refrigerators. And 
we have started putting our new products out there already. New manufacturing of new 
products has already started exactly as per schedule. There is no issue on any, not even a single 
SKU that we have. So, all the manufacturing has gone exactly as per plan. So, you will be happy 
to know that we are well prepared for it. We are not right now talking about any price increase, 
etc., or communicating what we have done in the market because we are waiting and watching 
to see what happens in the market. And depending that, we will take dynamic decisions. We 
look at pricing literally on a monthly basis. So, we will take those dynamic decisions as we go 
forward. 
Ankit Merchant: 
Thank you, sir, for your time and for the detailed answers. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Vinay Agarwal from Invisage Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vinay Agarwal: 
Hi! Thanks, Mr. Eswar for doing this and for taking my question. I just had a couple of questions 
with Whirlpool, the corporation stake going down to 40% and when I look at the incentivization 

15 
for top management, a large part of it is still based on sort of the shares of the parent. Will that 
change going forward? And then one more question which I had was, when I look at the board, 
a couple of board members are also advisors or partners in some private equity firms who were 
also sort of want to be potential buyers. How does the board manage that conflict? And you 
say that corporation what they do, we do not have a say in that. But I am just wondering with 
the board and CEO, how does this thing work? Just one thing that if you can throw some light 
on that? 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
Sure, sure. Thank you, Mr. Agarwal. On the incentivization, just like to clarify that as of 28th 
November, when the corporation sold its last stake and therefore was not a majority 
shareholder anymore. I can assure you that all future ESOP plans that are given to the top 
leadership of the Company, which are performance-based, will not be anything to do with 
corporation. That has been already decided well in advance by mutual consent. Any ESOP plans 
that we give to our people going forward, will be based on India performance and India 
performance alone. So, I just wanted to make that very clear. We are in the process of working 
through these details with the board and we hope to have something in front of shareholders. 
So, as you can imagine, it is a complex process. We now have to do this on top of our day-to-
day running of the business. So, we are working through with the board's help, who have a lot 
of experience in this area as well. But we are working through those things with some external 
people helping us, and we should be able to place something in front of you pretty soon. 
Hopefully, for your approval, and then once it is approved, it will be rolled out into the plans 
for the leadership team. So, that is the answer to the first question. The answer to the second 
question is, you had asked specifically about something to do with the details of the 
transaction. Mr. Agarwal, I can say only the following things to you. First is, it is not correct of 
me to talk about any confidential transactions that were happening or did happen or did not 
happen. That would not be right because it would be something that has not been released by 
the corporation or my Company. What I can tell you is, if at all such a thing had happened, 
Number 1, we would have as a matter of process, taken a clear declaration from the people 
involved about the fact that they have no knowledge of what was happening there. Number 2, 
we would have taken such a declaration from parties that were talking to us. And Number 3, 
you would have made sure that these people were all involved. So, you have to please trust us 
on this, and it is very difficult for me to make comments about speculative statements. It would 
not be correct legally for me to answer this question in any way other than what I am answering 
right now and I would genuinely appreciate if we please keep it to stuff that I am able to answer 
if that is okay. 
Vinay Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you, Mr. Eswar. And the point on your stuff is much appreciated. That would be 
great. We attended the parents' call also and they spoke about a number of new products that 
they are launching. Will some of those new products come to India as well or will it be a part 
of if not now but later we will have access to those new products? 

16 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
Oh, yes, it is quite possible that when the Indian market is ready for such products we can bring 
them in. Like I said, so long as they are referring to refrigerators and washing machines and 
related categories, there are other areas like KitchenAid which we do not have access to. So, 
just to be clear, KitchenAid was not part of this discussion for us just because KitchenAid is run 
independently as a business by Whirlpool globally for strategic reasons. Even if KitchenAid 
makes a washing machine or KitchenAid makes a refrigerator, not that it is making it, but if it 
did, that would be KitchenAid technology. But all of Whirlpool Corporation's stuff we absolutely 
have access to, yes, sir. And as and when we need stuff, we will be able to access it with 
Whirlpool Corporation's blessing, yes. 
Vinay Agarwal: 
And just the last question, the cash and the balance sheet in terms of sort of a higher dividend 
payout or does the board even consider a buyback or maybe it is difficult given the situation 
the Company is in right now? 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
It is a good point. At this point in time, we are not really working on that area yet. We will start 
to work on that area. But, I see there is plenty of useful cash that we can do. We also have a 
lot of cash, it is true. Firstly, there is ongoing operations. Secondly, there is CAPEX for new 
projects that we can do. Thirdly, we could be looking at what is interesting in the market. 
Decisions, for example, a three-year payback or a two-year payback or a four-year payback on 
something that can reduce the cost of P&L on a going basis is much lower. These are all kinds 
of things that we are looking at. I think our execution will only be limited by our ability to work 
through the six years. I think there are plenty of areas we can look at and of course the areas 
that you mentioned we can look at. We will look at all those things and take the board's advice 
across the next few months. It will take some time. But we will be working on it very actively 
now. Thank you. 
Vinay Agarwal: 
Thank you, Mr. Eswar. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Priyank from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Priyank: 
Yes, hi, sir, Wonderful and great to see the kind of operational performance that we are 
witnessing despite all the ownership changes to the Company. My first question is, in the 
interim quarters, you did mention that there has been extraordinary competitive pricing and 
promotions in the industry. That was visible given that some large players prioritize pushing 
versus filling. Do you see this competitive intensity normalizing now and your organic actions 
resulting into market share gains plus margins improvement? That is my first question. 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
Okay, let me answer this question. Your observations are very interesting indeed. Sir, I wish I 
could give you an answer to this, but the honest answer is I do not know. So, that is why I said, 
I will have to dynamically keep looking at what is happening in the market. This is a very, very 
competitive market. If you see the number of brands that were introduced in the refrigerators 
and washing machines in the last six years, it is unbelievable. And with every new brand comes 

17 
a theoretical loss of fair market share that you need to fight against. New players try to use 
pricing or discounting as a way of getting market share. Thank you. That is what it makes very 
competitive, right? So, in this context, we will keep watching what is happening in the market 
and take our actions according to that. To always make sure we have our competitive pricing 
indices in the market. And that is the best I can say. As far as the second point that you 
mentioned, which is margins are concerned, margins are going to be impacted by pricing, but 
they are also going to be impacted by a lot of things. There is a significant regulatory impact 
that will happen in calendar year 2026 because of the refrigerators and air conditioners. For 
many companies, it is 50%, 60%, 70% of their portfolio. These are the two biggest categories. 
Entire refrigerators and air conditioners are going through BEE rating or energy change. And 
therefore if you cannot take the full pricing out from the market, then it will impact different 
companies maybe in different ways, but more or less it will impact everybody. We need to look 
at that. And the second thing for us, particularly, is that 2026-2027 will be the year of our 
transition. Basically, there are some impacts that we have already declared in our October 16th 
statement that we put out in the public domain. That will happen as a result of our becoming 
not a majority-owned Whirlpool Company. So, based on that also, there will be some transition 
impacts financially. I would just say that for '26-27, my intent would be to try and drive my 
revenue, intent would be to try my market share in a financially sensible way. I think of all the 
years I have been in, this would be probably from a profit point of view, structurally the most 
challenging year, because you have entire refrigerators and air conditioners all going up in 
regulation in the same year, plus the year in this full financial year which we are moving to a 
completely independent entity with the attendant let us say transition costs that basically 
impact our P&L. So, that I think is what I would say. And after the year of transition, I think you 
will end up for me in a situation where we should be able to continue a strong progress basically 
in terms of margin improvement. 
Priyank: 
Sorry, sir. Just a follow-on and a clarification. On the BEE energy ratings change, what would 
be the pricing impact or the correction that the investments we would need to take in case we 
need to keep the margins intact. And I am not sure what would be the transitionary impact on 
the P&L, which is supposed to happen this year. If you can quantify these two things? And 
lastly, on the capital allocation part, in case, if there are no clear priorities lined up in terms of 
large CAPEX or Elica investments or new categories to be implemented immediately, maybe 
we can prioritize returning back some of the capital back to the rightful owners of the 
Company. That is my suggestion and a clarification question. Thank you. 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
Thank you, sir. On the BEE pricing, I am afraid we are not declaring that at all. We are not 
sharing that because that is different for different companies depending on where they are 
and that is highly confidential information, which would actually be inimical to our interests to 
share in the public domain. As far as the transition is concerned, all of the information is fully 
available in the documents we released on October 17th, October 16th was the signing. Kindly 
take a look at that. All of the information is there. Lastly, on the capital back, sir, we hear you. 

18 
I think like I said I already answered that question. Please take a look at all the options that we 
have for cash utilization, work through with the board, take the board's advice, and then come 
to you when we need to if that is okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. My first question is on Elica. You have had Elica in your 
portfolio for a couple of years now. Now, with this transaction coming through, what kind of 
aggression that will you be able to carry out in this part of the business? And how should we 
think about the scalability of this vertical over the next say three to four years? 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
Wonderful question, sir. As I mentioned, Elica is something that we feel is a tremendous brand, 
built really, really well by the people who built this brand from the beginning. The time is quite 
good for us, basically, as we look to the new financial year, to start looking at how should we 
be dealing with Elica. And in my view, as we discussed with the board as well, Elica is operating 
at very strong PBT margins. The really interesting question for us would be what is the trade-
off between that PBT margin or maybe a couple of hundred basis points lower and the revenue. 
So, that is something that we are actively looking into, we are actively discussing. There has to 
be some investment to happen to get it going from a 5%, 6%, 7%, 8% revenue growth to a very 
strong double-digit revenue growth. So, we prefer for ourselves that Elica is growing strongly, 
and even if it were to grow at a lesser margin, we are growing strongly. That is the kind of 
model that would probably make most sense for Whirlpool India going forward, which is a very 
direct answer to your question. 
Dhruv Jain: 
My second question is on the DC refrigerator and the semi-automatic washing machines. Over 
the last four or five years, we have rarely seen pricing go up in the category and you yourself 
mentioned that the number of layers are entering the space. So, is the core category are sort 
of getting commoditized? How should we think about Whirlpool sort of getting... you 
mentioned some of the new categories that you are thinking about, but a little more color in 
the sense that if you could just spell out what should be the contribution of some of these 
emerging categories say three years out, or what is the share that you like, because these two 
categories are getting increasingly commoditized? 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
That is a very good observation. So, what has happened I would say more in SA than in DC, is 
that there are two things that have basically become the key drivers of a semi-automatic 
business in the last, say, three, four years, I would say. One is because the number of entrants 
coming in, pricing has become a very important thing. The lower you sell, the more market 
share you get kind of thing. The second thing that has happened is capacity, which is the size 
of the machine. So, let us sell 9 Kg for the price of 8 Kg. Let us sell 10 Kg for the price of 9 Kg. 
Again, it is a pricing game, but it comes in a different avatar, which is capacity. What we are 
trying to do is for both categories, DC and SA, decommoditize it. And I think that is where the 
differential can come. See, in every category, in my view, you need to have a point of 

19 
difference. Why should a person prefer to buy your product than somebody else's product, 
right? And that cannot happen if you commoditize the category. If you just bring it down to 
price and the color of the box and the number of kilograms that it can take, then you 
commoditize the category. So, all our efforts, without going too much into detail, will be into 
decommoditizing the category. For example, you would drive the aesthetic design of DC 
fantastically through glass-doors, right? If you go to DC homes, you will actually find in many 
homes, the DC refrigerator is actually in the living room. Okay? It is not in the bathroom, it is 
not in the kitchen, it is in the living room. It is like a showpiece. So, if that is the case, then one 
of the insights is, why do we not make it extremely attractive to people to look at, to display? 
So, that is where glass-doors have a major role to play. So, that is one example of 
decommoditization. But there is others. You take a technology like auto defrost, that is 
something that we have that is unique in the market amongst the large players. And it solves 
the number one pain point of DC consumers. Now, today it might be at a certain percentage of 
the market. Why cannot it be 75% of the market? Then you decommoditize the category. And 
you have solved the consumer's number one pain point. So, it is through a combination of that 
kind of approach that we believe that we can continue to hold a strong market share in DC and 
in semiautomatic. I think if you try to play the game that everybody is playing, then whoever 
has got the most, deepest pocket is going to win. But as you know very well, that is not the only 
way to win. So, our focus is on creating those points of difference, decommoditizing these 
categories. That does not mean that we are going to just let go of low-priced categories. We 
have never done that. We need to fight where we need to fight tactically. But the strategic fight 
will always be on decommoditizing these categories and getting value for these categories for 
the industry, for our shareholders and for the consumers as well, whether it is DC or whether 
it is SA. I think DC and SA, one thing we must remember, penetration growth has been very low 
for these two categories in the last five years. Once penetration growth comes back to DC and 
SA, which is your guess or mine as to how far away it is, the absolute volumes here are quite 
mind-boggling. So, I do not think DC is going to go away anytime soon, or SA. So, we continue 
to stand by these categories, but we will look to decommoditize these categories as I 
mentioned. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Sure. And sir, my third question, in some of the cost items that we compare Whirlpool to say, 
some of the other larger peers, for example, freight costs, we see that there is significant room 
for improvement. So, just your take in terms of maybe adding another plant in south or in some 
other part of the country to optimize some of these freight costs or some of these other cost 
items? And, I mean, sorry for hopping on it again, but just the kind of cash flows that you 
generate, I am sure it will be easy for you to take those calls to improve the P&L significantly. 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
Thank you. Freight costs. So, I am just going to give a bit of color and then Aditya is going to 
jump in. So, when we compare freight costs, it is very interesting because one analyst, I think 
about one year ago, had told us this point, that your freight costs are higher. So, we obviously 
went into a deep dive on it because anywhere where there is money, we want to be there. 

20 
Here are the facts. The freight cost of anybody who sells a lot of refrigerators will always be 
much higher than anybody who sells a lot of air conditioners. And the freight costs of anybody 
who sells a lot of air conditioners will be higher than anybody who sells a lot of smartphones. 
So, when you look at the freight costs, it is quite important to look at the product mix of the 
Company as well. What I mean by that is, if I am selling 50%, 55% refrigerators, 25% washing 
machines and 15% ACs, my freight cost will be X, Y and Z for each of those categories weighted. 
Somebody else who has a completely different freight mix, for example, they are selling 80% 
washing machines and 20% air conditioners, their freight costs will be much lower than mine 
per unit. Right? And if somebody is selling 100% refrigerators, his freight costs will be way more 
than mine. So, we have benchmarked our freight costs versus the entire industry. We do not 
believe that we are sitting on any comparative disadvantage. Whether we are at an advantage 
or not, I will not say. But it is our mix compared to some of these other brands that you are 
referring to, that is causing the market to change. Aditya, any points on this? 
Aditya Jain: 
You have said it all. The only additional perspective I would add is, when you are looking at 
freight costs, you are looking at the percentage of revenue. So, while the incurrence of the 
freight is more volumetric in terms of how many number of units you can carry into a truck, 
while the truck freight remains same, but higher the number of units you carry and hence the 
freight. And hence when you compare refrigerators versus washers to air conditioners, in air 
conditioners you can carry more number of units for the same freight, but the per unit value 
of AC is significantly higher. So, that causes freight as a percentage of revenue to be significantly 
lower for air conditioners compared to refrigerators and washers. Now, when you extend the 
same logic to televisions, for example, again, the number of units which goes in the same truck 
will be even higher and hence the per unit freight will be lower and the value per unit of a 
television will be even higher than the value per unit of a refrigerator or even an air conditioner. 
And hence, on a percentage basis that will be even significantly lower and the same thing is 
then applicable for mobiles as well. So, when you look at from a percentage revenue point of 
view on that logic and adjust for the product mix of different companies, you can start looking 
at that freight as a percentage of revenues is much more comparable than what is reflected in 
the reported results because of these differences. 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
So, I hope I have answered your question. It is basically the mix. If I started selling twice the 
number of air conditioners tomorrow, keeping everything as the same, my freight cost as a 
percentage of an hour will come down and you will start seeing if I sell the same mix as 
Company X or Company Y, you will see that my costs are at least as good if not better than 
theirs. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Fair enough. And sir, you mentioned about this year it being challenging in terms of 
profitability. So, is it fair to say that we are going to see no margin expansion or very limited 
margin expansion in the coming financial year? 

21 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
No, I do not know that. The reason I do not know that, sir, is because I do not know what will 
happen to pricing in the market, firstly, right? If the pricing goes up by 1%, 2%, 3%, 4%, the 
numbers are completely different as you can imagine, right? 4%, of course, let's not dream, but 
I am just saying that it is one big thing. The second is, while the costs are in, the regulatory costs 
are in for everybody, everybody is also working on how to reduce the regulatory costs going 
forward, right, by reengineering, etc., You need time to do that. You can only do that after you 
have finished the regulatory work, you keep on reengineering as you go forward basically. All 
companies do that. And of course, the third thing, like I said, is we do not know what mix is 
selling. If the premium mix starts selling much better in '26-27, if the premium starts selling 
much better, then you have a mix help that comes through, which helps you in your gross 
margin, right? We do not know, we cannot predict these things sitting here at this point in time. 
We can have assumptions, but every time we have made assumptions, not only us, everybody 
in the industry, a lot depends on the monsoon, a lot depends on how much the sun shines in 
summer, believe it or not, and a lot depends on the other parts of the economy as well, right? 
So, we are very hopeful, very positive, given that we had a very tough, let us say, summer, and 
a very early monsoon in '25-26, just hoping a little bit for the reverse, if the summer lasted a 
bit longer, and if the monsoons were very strong, but a little less, let us say, erratic compared 
to last year, that would be really good. And then lastly, of course, you have the fourth variable, 
which is your cost program, right? So, our cost program, people also have targets, they have 
stretch targets that are very difficult to get, but our people have surprised us in the last three 
years by getting to places we thought they could not get to, because they are so good at what 
they do. And so, therefore, given so many variables -- pricing, regulatory, market, P4G cost 
programs – it is difficult for me to say this will be the profit or that will be the profit. 
Directionally, it is an unusual year, that is all. I hope I answered your question. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Yes, sir, and so, just one feedback, now that Whirlpool Corporation is not a majority 
shareholder, it would be great if we can have these calls every quarter? 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
Yes, I do commit on this call that we will have the calls every quarter. Yes, so that is a 
commitment. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from Natasha Jain from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Natasha Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, my question is on competitive dynamics. Two points here. 
First, we have seen that Voltas Beko, Godrej, Haier, and now even LG Essential, coming in very 
aggressively in all categories that Whirlpool is present. Additionally, your largest revenue 
salience which is refrigerator, first off, it is a high penetrated product compared to other 
appliances, and secondly, for some reason, replacement cycle is just getting longer without any 

22 
trigger for a customer to change as in, there is no frequent e-rating like what comes in probably 
in AC. So, again, if not a very quick demand generator category anymore, given these two 
points, how do you read the competitive dynamics for industry and Whirlpool in particular? 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
Thank you, ma'am, for that question. I think the competition that is there for us is exactly the 
same for everybody else. So, just to be clear, there are, say, 10, 12 big name players competing 
in the market today and then there is probably another 15, 20 players. My competitors, except 
for me, they will be the same for others also, if you know what I mean. So, we are all in a very 
competitive area. And I think the answer that I am giving is probably true for everybody rather 
than just for us. It is very, very competitive, but that is where I think there are only two things 
that a Company needs to do. One is be clear on why your strategies will allow you to win in the 
marketplace. If your strategies are the same as everybody else's with no differentiation and 
you are not clear on that, then, sure, you have a risk of not winning in the marketplace. The 
second is, how good are you at executing your strategy? So, everybody can have a strategy. It 
looks wonderful in PowerPoint. Everybody stands around and cheers the strategy. But can you 
execute? How detailed are you at running into the market and making things happen? That is 
where I think, I would say that strategy, you could argue that we have a good strategy, I could 
tell you that I have a better strategy than my competition, competition will tell you that I have 
a better strategy. You cannot decide on this. We are very proud of our execution capability. 
We are very proud of how we work as one team. And I think that probably is what we really 
hold to. Because at the end, we only have two things with us --one is the brand name and the 
second is our people. Other than this, we do not have anything else. Yes, we have money, 
everybody else has money. So, it is only the brand name and our people that make the 
difference in business for us. As far as refrigerators, which is a very technical point that you 
mentioned, two things -- firstly, I would say refrigerators is a big enough category. But like I 
told you before, if I talk of Whirlpool, I have significant opportunities to grow in washing 
machines, in the front-load business, for example. My shares are very low and what somebody 
else says to me in Direct Cool, I am to them in front-load washing machines. Similarly, in air 
conditioners, same story, my share is very low. So, I have plenty of opportunities to grow in 
those categories. On top, refrigerators is not a category that is super-high penetrated. So, just 
for your perspective, we are less than 36-37% penetration in this country on refrigerators still. 
Very frankly, we should be at least heading towards the next 20-years towards 65-70% 
penetration. So, for a variety of reasons which we do not have the time to go into right now, 
probably at some other forum I will share this. There are a lot of reasons why the refrigerator 
replacement cycle has not happened as per plan. And for the same reasons, they will start 
happening in my view between the next one to five years in a significant way. DC will pick up 
and so will semi-automatic. The bottom half of India in terms of income is going to come back 
in a strong way. And when that happens, these will grow. And when these grow, your 
replacements will also start growing for other reasons. So, I would say that in my view, I cannot 
get into the detail, now, it will probably take 15-minutes for me to explain why, but I do see in 
the next one-to-five years a pickup in durables happening, especially in refrigerators and 

23 
washing machines. Air conditioners anyway goes up or down depending on the summer. And 
in typical, air conditioners have grown well in the last five years. But refrigerators and washing 
machines, I think, there is a significant pickup coming in the next one-to-five years is in my 
view. But that is just my view. It is not the view of the Whirlpool of India Limited. It is just based 
on my assessment of what is happening. I do not have much to worry about. All we can do is 
have a clear strategy, understand what our points of differences are, outline them, make sure 
the entire organization is clear on that, and then go out and execute all the plans that we have 
agreed as close to perfection as possible. I believe that any Company that can do that 
consistently over a five-year period will be still standing at the end of five years in a strong 
position. And companies that cannot will have a difficult time. 
Natasha Jain: 
This is much helpful. The second question is on AC. I understand it is a very small category for 
you at this point. But if I observe the market share data, you have grown versus probably the 
incumbents who have lost market share. Now, given that there is so much of cost hikes coming 
in and GST benefits almost gone, in such a scenario, if I were to just pick up brands in the middle 
segment of the pyramid, so do you think that Whirlpool as a brand could be a bigger beneficiary 
given you would be more favorably placed in terms of pricing versus the rest of the brands in 
that category? And in terms of outliers, would AC become an outlier for you in the near-term 
given that now that will be a seasonal quarter for AC? 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
Thank you for the question, ma'am. Very astute observations. On AC, I would say, we are quite 
interested in this category. As I said very clearly right at the beginning, we wanted to make sure 
we get our refrigerators and washing machine ducks in a row first before we start worrying 
about AC. We got our refrigerators and washing machine ducks relatively speaking in a row, 
and then we started focusing on AC. It is working for us, and we will continue to drive that 
business. You are right that we will have some advantages as we go into the market, and we 
intend to fully leverage those advantages. Having a better mix across categories also derisks 
you from a long-term point of view. So, are we interested in AC? Of course, we are interested 
in AC. Are we going to do crazy stuff? No, we are not going to. We will always keep to the path 
of financial sensibility while doing things. And so, that will be our mantra. But, you can be 
naughty once in a while. That is allowed, I think. 
Natasha Jain: 
Fair enough, sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
Thank you, ma'am. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Sweta Srivastava for closing comments. 
Sweta Srivastava: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the call. With that, I would like to draw this call to close. 
Narasimhan Eswar: 
Thank you. 

24 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Whirlpool of India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
