 
 
 
 
 
HEG/SECTT/2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      16th February, 2026 
1 
BSE  Limited 
P J Towers 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 509631 
2 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), MUMBAI - 400 051. 
Scrip Code : HEG 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Q3 FY26 of HEG Limited 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please refer to our Earnings Conference Call scheduled on 11th February, 2026 intimated vide our 
letter dated 3rd February, 2026. Please find enclosed the transcript of the said Earnings Conference 
Call. 
 
The said transcript is also available under the Investors Section of the website of the Company                  
i.e www.hegltd.com.  
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HEG Limited 
 
 
Vivek Chaudhary 
Company Secretary 
A-13263 
heg.investor@lnjbhilwara.com 
 
Encl: as above 
 
VIVEK 
CHAUDHAR
Y
Digitally signed by 
VIVEK CHAUDHARY 
Date: 2026.02.16 
18:02:54 +05'30'

 
 
 
“HEG Limited’s Q3 FY26 Result Conference Call” 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAVI JHUNJHUNWALA - CHAIRMAN, MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, HEG LTD 
MR. RIJU JHUNJHUNWALA – VICE-CHAIRMAN, HEG LTD 
MR. MANISH GULATI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, HEG LTD 
MR. OM PRAKASH AJMERA – GROUP CFO, HEG LTD 
MR. RAVI KANT TRIPATHI – CFO, HEG LTD 
MR. BASANT JAIN – JOINT MD & CEO, BHILWARA ENERGY LTD 
MR. ANKUR KHAITAN – MD & CEO, TACC LTD 
MR. HIREN PRAVIN SHAH – MD & CEO, REPLUS 
MR. PUNEET ANAND – GROUP CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER, HEG LTD 
MR. SALIL BAWA – GROUP HEAD (INVESTOR RELATIONS), HEG LTD 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NAVIN AGRAWAL 
HEAD, INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, SKP SECURITIES LTD 
+91 98200 27446 | nain.agrawal@skpsecurities.com 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to HEG Limited’s Q3 FY26 Result Conference Call 
organized by SKP Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and you will be able to ask 
questions after the management’s opening remarks. Should you need assistance during the call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Navin Agrawal, Head, Institutional Equities at SKP 
Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Navin Agrawal: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am pleased to welcome you on behalf of HEG Limited and 
SKP Securities to this Financial Results Conference Call with the leadership team at HEG Limited. 
We have with us Mr. Ravi Jhunjhunwala -- Chairman, Managing Director and CEO; and Mr. Riju 
Jhunjhunwala -- Vice-Chairman, along with their colleagues, Mr. Manish Gulati -- Executive 
Director, Mr. Om Prakash Ajmera -- Group CFO; Mr. Ravi Kant Tripathi -- CFO. We also have 
Mr. Basant Jain -- Joint M.D. and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited, Mr. Ankur Khaitan – M.D. & 
CEO, TACC Limited, Mr. Hiren Pravin Shah – M.D. & CEO, Replus, Mr. Puneet Anand -- Group 
CSO and Mr. Salil Bawa -- Group Head, Investor Relations. 
We will have the “Opening Remarks from Mr. Jhunjhunwala” followed by a “Q&A Session.” 
Thank you, and over to you, Ravi, ji. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you and good afternoon, friends and welcome to our Financial Results Conference Call for 
Q3, Financial Year 2025-26. 
I would like to begin by setting the context on the global steel market as its underlying trends are 
critical for understanding the demand conditions for the graphite electrode industry. As per the 
latest data published by the World Steel Association, global steel production declined by about 2% 
year-on-year in calendar year 2025, falling to 1,804 million tons, from 1,841 million tons in 2024, 
reflecting a challenging macroeconomic environment and subdued demand across major steel 
producing regions. 
China, which is the world’s largest steel producer, also recorded a 4.4% year-on-year decline in 
2025, with crude steel production reducing from 1,005 million metric tons to 961 million metric 
tons. While China’s steel production has declined by approximately 7.5% over the last five years, 
its steel exports have increased sharply over the same period, rising by 78% from 67 million tons to 
119 million tons in 2025 over these five years, significantly intensifying competitive pressures 
across global steel and downstream markets. 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
In contrast, India continue to outperform, with crude steel production increasing by 10.4% YoY, 
supported by strong infrastructure spending, resilient automotive demand, and ongoing capacity 
additions. 
Among other major regions, the United States recorded a 3.1% YoY increase in crude steel 
production, while Japan’s output declined by 4% and South Korea decline by 2.8%. 
The European Union (EU) remained under significant pressure, with steel production declining by 
2.6% on YoY basis due to very high energy costs and weak industrial activity. 
Against this backdrop, the global graphite electrode market continued to face challenging 
conditions, with customer demand remaining muted due to cautious procurement behavior and 
sustained pricing pressure, particularly from elevated steel export out of China. And this demand 
conditions remained uneven across all the regions. 
While near-term visibility remains limited, disciplined supply, improving utilization trends in 
certain markets, and the continued shifts from electric arc furnace steel making provide support to 
the medium-term industry fundamentals. 
In this environment, our focus on operational efficiency, cost discipline, and customer 
diversification enabled us to deliver resilient performance during the quarter, demonstrating the 
strength of our model. 
We continue to operate at the highest capacity utilizations in the industry, all around the world, at 
85% in previous quarter and 89% in the last three quarters combined, both of which are highest in 
the graphite industry worldwide. 
Just to remind you, we have the single-location largest facility in the world, at a place called 
Mandideep near Bhopal, with a capacity of 100,000 tons. 
Combined with a cost structure, which is amongst the lowest, positions us as one of the most 
efficient and cost-efficient graphite electrode manufacturers globally. 
Just to reiterate that these numbers are based on our expanded capacity of 100,000 tons and not 
80,000 tons, which was the case until ‘23-24, reflecting a gain in the market share at a time when 
the electrode arc furnace-based steel production is more or less flat. 
Looking ahead, the global transition towards low-emission EAF steelmaking continues to 
accelerate, driven by climate goals and regulatory momentum. 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
We once again reiterate that this transition is expected to generate incremental graphite electrode 
demand of approximately 200,000 tons by 2030, excluding China, reinforcing the industry’s long-
term growth potential. 
To the best of our knowledge, about 20 million tons of new Greenfield electric arc furnace 
capacities have already been added in the calendar years 2024 and 2025, and we believe another 60 
million tons will be added between calendar years 2026 to 2028, so which is not too long in the 
next three years, 60 million tons, and another 30 million tons between 2029 and 2030, Taking the 
total new Greenfield electric arc furnace capacity by 110 million tons. 
It has never happened in the history that the steel industry has added 110 million tons in the last 20, 
30, and 40 years probably. This would increase the worldwide electrode demand by approximately 
200,000 tons, compared to what it was till calendar year 2025. 
Construction activity of our recently announced expansion by a further 15,000 tons is progressing 
as per schedule, and we stand by our earlier target of completing this by early 2028, which will 
position us well to cater to the incremental electrode demand all over the world. 
I once again reiterate that for the last many years, our exports have constituted around two-thirds of 
our total sales to more than 30, 35 countries, covering almost the entire geography. 
Our composite scheme of arrangement is on track. The NCLT bench at Indore has heard the matter 
and reserved its order on the first motion application. We expect to receive the order within the next 
one or two weeks. Upon receipt of this order and in accordance with its directions, we will initiate 
the process of issuing notices and convening meetings of our shareholders and creditors to seek 
their approval for the scheme. Once the approval process is completed, we will file the second 
motion petition. We anticipate that this entire scheme will be approved by NCLT by Q1 FY27. 
With that, I would now like to invite our “CFO, Ravi Tripathi to Present the Financial Results for 
the Quarter,” and then we will open up for “Q&A.” Thanks. Ravi, over to you. 
Ravi Kant Tripathi: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, everyone. I will briefly walk you through the Company’s operating 
and financial performance for the period ended 31st December 2025. 
For the nine months ended December 2025, revenue from operations stood at Rs.1,965 crores 
compared to Rs.1,616 crores in the same period of last year. 
For Q3 FY26, revenue was Rs.656 crores versus Rs.477 crores in the corresponding quarter of the 
previous year. 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
EBITDA for the nine-months period was Rs.623 crores, up from Rs.393 crores of the previous 
year. 
On a standalone basis, profit after tax for the nine-months of FY26 was Rs.344 crores compared to 
Rs.163 crores in the same period of last year. 
On a consolidated basis, profit after tax stood at Rs.455 crores as against Rs.189 crores in the 
previous year. 
Our balance sheet remains strong. The company continues to remain long-term debt-free and 
maintain a treasury balance of approximately Rs.1,155 crores as of 31st December, 2025. 
Looking ahead, we are confident that an improvement in the industry can significantly boost our 
profits. 
The detailed presentation has been uploaded on the company’s website as well as with the stock 
exchange for your reference. 
We would now be happy to take your questions. Thank you for your time. Over to you, Navin ji. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from Rohan Khera from 
Singularity Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Khera: 
Hi, thank you very much and congratulations for declaring great results. I am very happy to see the 
utilization that the company has been able to clock. I have three quick questions. Number one is, 
Ravi, can you repeat the statement that you made about the NCLT order just before the Q&A 
started? Second is, I wanted to get a sense of the realization that the company has been clocking in 
this quarter and what is the overall realization that is expected for the full year in dollar terms for 
the graphite electrode? And third question is, if you can indicate the product mix of the graphite 
electrodes between ultra high power and high power, please? Thank you. 
Ravi: 
See, the first figure that you are talking about, I mean, obviously, it is a competitive world and we 
do not want to give any number. But, it is not very difficult, I mean, you know the turnover, you 
know the capacity utilization, you know the total capacity of the plant, it is not very difficult to 
calculate that, but do not ask me to give that number. And your second question was -? 
Rohan Khera: 
Sir, about the product mix between ultra high power and high power? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
It is more or less in the region of 70%-75% ultra high power. 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
 
Rohan Khera: 
Okay, great. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Ahmed Madha from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. My question is on the volume growth. So, is it fair to expect our 
nine-month volumes would have grown by about 20%? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
I gave you the utilization rate and our capacity is 100,000 tons. So, it is very simple to calculate 
from there. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay, sure. So, I am assuming 20%-plus/minus. Why I am asking this is because I just want to 
understand if we have improved our volumes by say 18,000-20,000 tons, where have we gained 
market share from -- either is it from the Japanese competitors or the Chinese players, because 
GrafTech has improved volumes by about 6%, graphite has improved by a few percentages. So, I 
am just trying to understand from which players, which sort of geography have we gained market 
share and which end market, Europe or Middle East or India, which geography have we gained 
market share if you can just give some sense? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
You see, there are only four, five major regions in the world and the US is the only country which 
produces more than 70%-72% of their total steel through electric arc furnace. So, that is by far the 
single largest market after China. And then rest everybody is like 30%-35%-40%. Europe is about 
45%-50%. So, we have gained market share everywhere. I mean, there is no one specific region 
that we are catering to. We have been catering to more than 30-35 countries all over the place. So, 
wherever the market is, I mean, we have gained a little bit of market share. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And would like to add from which sort of players have we gained share from -- is it fair to assume 
you have gained from Japanese players or Chinese players? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
There are only basically three or four bigger players in this industry now. I mean, there is an 
American company, there is a Japanese company and then there are a couple of very small 
companies. So, it is very difficult to give you a particular name, because everybody sells a little 
more in one area, a little less in another area. So, obviously, we probably have gained from each 
one of them a little bit here and there. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay. Sure. And in terms of your annual pricing arrangement, would you like to give some sense 
despite, I mean, all the tariffs and everything, we try to assume a broad realization will remain more 
or less the same or from whatever arrangements or the contracts we have put in for some of the 
geographies? 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
You see, a lot of these orders have been negotiated on a 12-month basis, especially in the US. And 
in other countries, some companies negotiate on a quarterly basis, others do it on a six-monthly 
basis. So, it is not easy to give one simple answer to that. But yes, I could safely say that at least 
50%-60% of whatever volume that we are going to sell in the next year, we have settled everything 
for the 50%-60% kind of a number. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Got it. And for that, the pricing sense will be more or less similar to what we have done in the last 
few quarters or will there be a major -? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
More or less similar. Yes, you are right. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay, got it. And another question was, still with 18% tariff, I am not sure how much disadvantage 
or advantage we have compared to the other competitors in the US market. So, for our business mix 
overall, you have spoken about I think 20% in the US and Americas. So, that sort of number should 
sustain in US or will there be a significant business mix shift for us for different geographies for 
2026? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Our product mix is not going to change much here and there, I mean, it could be a couple of percent 
plus/minus, but not more than that. We are not going to lose market share in any part of the world 
because of any reason. And whether it is the US or Europe or Southeast Asia or wherever, of 
course, to the extent that we will have to still pay 18% duty. To that extent, there will be a hit, but 
for the long-term basis, we do not want to lose the customer. So, we will absorb that cost. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Sure. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rajesh from 360 One Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening, everybody. So, I was wondering about the investment in GrafTech. Now, it 
is worth half the value that we invested in. And the GrafTech is going in another two quarters that 
company may actually close down partially, from what I understand. Is that a correct assessment 
first of all? And secondly, what do we do with the investment? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No, we do not think so. I mean, there is no scope for any company in this industry to close down, 
because with the kind of growth in the electrode demand that we are talking about, we are talking 
about 150,000 to 200,000 tons increase in the demand of electrodes in a market where the total 
production capacity is not more than 500,000 tons. So, we are not anticipating any situation where 
any one of us is going to go out of business. I mean, something or the other will have to happen to 
every one of us. Otherwise, I mean, if you are talking about a 175,000-tons company, which is what 
GrafTech is, closing down, you are talking about what? About 30% of the total world capacity 
going out of business. 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
Rajesh: 
I am not talking about full closure. I am talking about partial closure because as per GrafTech cash 
cost of production is now somewhere around $3,700. And from next quarter, the U.S. tariff is also 
going to come down to 18% for Indian exporters. And they have mentioned in the call that, that 
would lead to lower realizations going forward. Does that mean that the company’s networth -? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No. See, the U.S. customers generally decide everything, practically 100% of their needs at the 
beginning of the year for the whole year. So, the prices and the quantities and everything is more or 
less frozen for the whole of 2026. So, there is no negotiation happening right now, in America 
especially. 
Rajesh: 
Okay. But assuming prices to remain where they were and they are already at the kind of peak 
realization of $4,000, and they are still making about 65 million losses every quarter, I do not see it 
coming down significantly. So, that is a dire scenario for a company with a net worth of just about 
$450 million. That is what I thought that maybe some capacity, because we have seen it even in 
Asia-Pac, that some capacities have closed. Is it possible that some capacity of GrafTech gets 
closed? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
I do not see that. I mean, if you heard their conference call and if you saw all their reports, they are 
saying the same thing. Everybody is saying the same thing that the demand of electrode is likely to 
increase by 150,000 tons to 200,000 tons in the next two, three years. And as I gave you the figure 
recently, I mean, in the last two, three years, capacity of 20 million tons of new electric arc furnaces 
have already been added. With that 20 million tons additional capacity means about 30,000 tons of 
demand. In the next two years, we have the data for each company, each location of the new plants 
which are coming in, let us say, US. US is the main country where more and more and more 
electric arc furnaces are being built, because US is the only one place where 70%-plus steel is 
produced through electric arc furnaces. Minus, without US, that average is about 40%, 42%. And 
so, as I said, 20 million tons has already been added in the last two years. Between now and end of 
‘28, which is only two and a half, three years away, we have a list of at least 50 to 60 million tons 
which are coming, and we more or less know which plant is going to be commissioned in which 
month, in which quarter in the next two years. And so, at least this 20 tons plus 60 tons, which is 
likely to come in the next two, two and a half years, is 100% coming. Because where 15%, 20%, 
30%, or 50% work has already happened at the site, and these companies committed millions of 
dollars of investment. So 20%, 30%, 40% investment has already committed, work has started, 
orders have been placed for all the equipment’s. So, all these are bound to come. And unless there 
is a total U-turn in the world towards carbon emissions and everything, it is not likely to happen. 
And all this additional (EAF), electric arc furnaces, are only coming because of carbon emissions. 
As you know the same steel produced through electric arc furnace versus blast furnace emits one-
fifth the carbon. That is the only reason why new and more and more electric arc furnaces are 
coming. So, that story is not going to go away anytime soon. So, it is possible instead of 100 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
million tons, 80 million tons will come. But for this industry, even 80 million tons or even 70 
million tons of new electric arc furnace, resulting into additional demand of 125,000 tons to 
150,000 tons, is a very big, huge number. 
Rajesh: 
I understand that. In the GrafTech call, they also mentioned that China has a capacity of 800 KT, of 
which nearly 200 KT-odd is coming in the UHP market. And that is also operating at about 50% 
utilization. So, is it possible that the additional demand gets filled by Chinese electrodes? That was 
my related question actually. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
See, China, of course, produces much more than the rest of the world produces in terms of 
electrodes. But they are still pretty far away from producing the right ultra high power electrodes 
that we talk about. So, while they are taking away the market share from all of us on the small-size 
electrodes, what we call non-ultra high power, but they are very far away from meeting the quality 
standards that we are able to meet or Americans are able to meet or the Germans or Japanese, all 
the Western players associated. So, that risk is not there at least in the foreseeable future. 
Rajesh: 
Right. So, last question on this. Because we already invested about Rs.283 crores at a much higher 
level, so, do we increase our investment in GrafTech or we stay put or what is the final decision on 
this? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
We are staying put. I mean, when we took this view and started buying some shares of GrafTech, 
we were very clear that we are in it for a long-haul. You see, till that last Friday when the results 
were declared, these shares were $19. And it went up from current level of $7 to $19 over the last 
six, nine months. So, these bumps will keep coming in any industry, but we are here on a long-term 
basis. We are not bothered about this. Neither we were going to sell at $18, nor we are going to sell 
at the current price, $17. 
Rajesh: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rohit from iThought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rohit: 
Yes. Good evening, sir. Congratulations on really very strong numbers and congratulations on the 
new order as well. Sir, my first question was, so can you just help us understand given where we 
are in the cycle and you have been talking about it in the last many calls in terms of realizations 
being really low, but you continuously posted very good margins, so, I mean, if you can really 
share some more insights on what is enabling us, because if you look at the Indian peer, and even if 
you look at some of the Chinese company numbers, whatever is available, everybody, needless to 
say, GrafTech, but we are outlier in this, so, what has really happened in the cycle that has enabled 
us to do this kind of divergence, if you can please share that, that will be really, really useful? 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
I cannot talk about my competitor. And obviously, the facts are facts. I mean, you know what is the 
annual revenue, you know the price of electrode, and by that, you know what is the tonnage that 
they have sold and what is the tonnage that we have sold. Obviously, there is a difference in cost of 
production. I mean, that is the advantage of a plant in India versus a plant in Germany or France or 
Japan. And the second thing is, if you look at all the graphite players, which is GrafTech and the 
Japanese company Resonac, and two of us in India, we have by far the single largest plant at one 
location. Our plant is 100,000 tons. The average of the other plants will be like 50,000-55,000 tons. 
And except Graphite India, who has a plant in India, all other plants are either in Germany or 
France or Italy or US or Spain, Japan. So, obviously, we have a cost advantage being in India and 
the size. When you are talking about 100,000 tons plant located in India versus a 50,000 tons 
average in Germany or France or US or Japan, it makes a huge difference. 
Rohit: 
So, the other question was, sir, I mean, if I look at the realizations, you also mentioned the 
realizations have been at pretty low numbers for many quarters now, and if you look at the 
utilization for the industry also, it is much lower. Even GrafTech in its call, they mentioned that 
they do not see any uptick in realization and extremely competitive market is continuing, and you 
also mentioned that for ‘26, you do not see much change in realization. So, I mean, given that there 
is this consistent overcapacity in the industry despite shutdowns, at the same time, you have been 
saying that this additional 30,000 tons of electrode market has been there and another 30,000-
35,000 tons electrode market is going to come in the next few years, but still the pricing is still a 
challenge. So, I mean, what is your sense on that? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
You see, this 20 million tons, new electric arc furnace capacities have just been finished, let us say, 
in the last six months, nine months, 12 months. And that is a number which everybody knows. I 
mean, if we speak to you one-to-one, we can give you the names of this 20 million tons in the 
country and the size and everything. And being in a steel industry, I mean, when you put up a 20 
million tons new capacity, it takes two months, three months, six months to stabilize, to reach 80%, 
90%, 95%. So, gradually, these capacity utilizations are increasing. And as I said, between now and 
‘28, two, two and a half years, again, we have a list of 60 million tons. We know the names, we 
know the country, we know the locations. And we practically know at what stage is plant-A, plant-
B, plant-C, plant-D. Because most of these investments and new capacities are being added by our 
existing customers. Practically, there is no new steel company emerging anywhere in the world. So, 
all these expansions are happening by all the established names, which are already our customers. 
And since we are a regular supplier to them, we keep meeting them at their work locations. So, we 
know more or less whether they are coming in July of 2026 or ‘27 or ‘28 or whatever. So, even if it 
is 40-50 million tons instead of 60 million tons, it is fine. I mean, these things will happen. Six 
months here and there, delays are bound to occur in any case. So, 20 million tons has already come 
in, which will, let us say, stabilize more and more this year, and another 40-50 million tons, if not 
60 million tons is coming in the next two, three years. So, every ton means, I mean, you need more 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
or less one and a half to two kilos. So, a million ton means 1,500 to 2,000 additional tons of 
electrodes required. So, you are talking about 20, 25 million tons, you are easily talking about 
20,000 to 35,000 tons of new demand. And the plants which have been closed down in the last 
three, four years, it will be very difficult to restart those plants. After closure of two, three years in 
the Western world, to restart that plant is not going to be very easy. And especially, you will be 
surprised when I tell you that HEG, we came with this plant in Bhopal in 1976, which is exactly 
50-years today. This is the last new Greenfield plant put up anywhere in the world. So, all these 
plants that we are talking about, the American companies and the European companies and the 
Japanese companies, they are much, much older than 1976. So, it is easy to close these plants 
because of their cost structure, because of their size. Again, I mean, if you go through the list of the 
plants which have closed down in the last two, three years, they are all in the region of 30,000 tons, 
35,000 tons, 40,000 tons. So, it is simple to calculate a 30,000 tons, 40,000 tons plant in Germany 
or Japan or US or France, their cost versus a 100,000 ton plant in India. And in fact, despite 
everything that we spoke about, we just announced about six, nine months ago that we are adding 
another 15,000 tons. And the work has already started. We have already placed most of the long-
term delivery items. And we should be ready by middle to end of 2028, between two, two and a 
half years from now. So, as we keep adding more and more capacity, obviously, our cost per ton 
keeps coming down. And we have this advantage of one large plant, and that large plant being in 
India versus Germany, versus Japan, versus US. This is an inherent advantage of any plant in India. 
Rohit: 
Right. Thank you very much, sir, for that very detailed answer. So, one more question was, as this 
new addition sort of comes through in terms of end customers putting in new plants, and both the 
Indian players are almost now at peak utilization, if you will, so, do you see that being a very big 
reason or that could be one contributing reason for the realization to start inching up, because as 
you said, all the other plants are losing money and it does not make sense to run those plants at 
these kinds of realizations, so, does that then probably lead to an improvement in realization at 
some time as these new plants come in sometime this year and in the next couple of years? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, exactly. I mean, obviously, demand has to increase. I mean, this 20 million tons which is 
already in operation, it may take another six months, nine months, 12-months to reach 70%, 80%, 
85% capacity utilization. So, these 20 million tons itself will require 25,000 tons to 30,000 tons of 
electrodes. And then we are talking about another 40-50 million tons before 2028. 
Rohit: 
And the capacity that we are putting in or even what the other Indian companies putting in, would 
that not sort of put a break on the price increases because we will have those volumes to sort of 
cater to, I mean, we can continue to gain more market share and outsize the other players, so, what 
is your sense on that? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Manish, would you answer that? 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, sir. See, like Chairman said, so the demand which is coming is much larger than what we are 
adding. So, we are talking about 200,000 tons and coming up to 2030. And the plant which we are 
building today, that 15,000 tons additional capacity is going to come on stream in the first quarter, 
early 2028. So, by that time, a couple of more Electric Arc Furnace Plant would have come up. And 
we also think that for the last two, three years, the steel has been stagnant, declining in some 
regions, and there will be a turnaround. So, we expect that this 15,000 tons would easily get 
absorbed. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
And if you follow some of our international competitors and even Graphite India, you will probably 
hear the same thing. Everybody is talking about the same 20 million tons, 30 million tons, demand 
increasing by 50,000 tons, 100,000 tons. So, everybody has the data from the same source. And 
basically the source is all our customers themselves. 
Rohit: 
Right. And one more question on GrafTech if I can. So, I mean, you mentioned to a previous 
question that you do not see them going under. But, just from their survivability, or for them to 
make even decent amount of profits, the realizations have to significantly go up from where they 
are right now. So, I mean, I understand that it is not like a year or even two years that you are 
looking at, this is a long-term investment and you are looking at the overall industry dynamics. But 
I mean, clearly, they are an inefficient player, given where they are located. So, how do you see 
their survivability, not only survivability but  them making like at least half your margins or half 
your tough margins, forget peak margins, because the costs are what they are, right, you cannot 
change them, you cannot change where the plants are located?  
Manish Gulati : 
No, we should not be talking about them, honestly, or what are their cost. That is, you missed their 
call which happened a few days back. So, you are on the wrong call with this question. You cannot 
say, yes, of course, prices should go up for everybody. The prices prevalent today are one of the 
lowest. All these are very right. We have a big plant at one place. So, of course, our costs are lower 
than doing India. But I think we would like to avoid answering questions on competitors’ costs and 
all that. 
Rohit: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Varun Pinto from Negen Capital. Please go ahead. 
Varun Pinto: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on a wonderful set of results. I just had a few questions regarding the 
bookkeeping. So, currently, the dividends that we get from, like the hydropower assets, in which 
segment is that reported -- does that come under the share of profit & loss from the associate? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, my colleague is going to answer that question. Puneet. 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
Puneet Anand: 
Hi., BEL, which owns the hydro asset, has not given any dividend to HEG in the last couple of 
years. Whenever the revenue will come, the revenue will be shown in the other income. So, the 
profit you see on the associate is the profit which Bhilwara Energy has made. And since it is an 
associate, so we show a proportionate profit in the consolidated financials of HEG. 
Varun Pinto: 
Understood. But then the revenue that comes under or the share of profit that comes from Bhilwara, 
that is technically from the power business only, right? 
Puneet Anand: 
Currently, yes, Bhilwara Energy largest revenue is coming from the hydro assets. Apart from that, 
we have the BESS company underneath that, which will generate the profits in the coming quarters. 
Plus, since Bhilwara Energy is also sitting on Surplus liquid, it is earning other income, mainly 
from funds kept in which is being in FDs. 
Varun Pinto: 
Understood. So, currently the other income that we are seeing in the P&L, what does that include? 
Puneet Anand: 
Other income which you see in the P&L is primarily the income of the liquidity and liquid assets 
which we have in HEG. 
Varun Pinto: 
And sir, currently, apart from the hydropower assets, if you are looking at the HEG Greentech 
business, we have the energy storage, the best for the IPP and the best for the commercial and 
industrial use, right? Currently, do we have any sort of revenue from that business? 
Puneet Anand: 
Yes, we have revenue from our BESS company, which is Replus, but it is not significant compared 
to the hydro revenue, which we are making. You will see meaningful revenue from energy storage 
business and our IPP business including revenue from BESS, which we have already won, and in 
which we have been declared as L1 bidder, from, say, the Q1 of FY28. And HEG Greentech will 
also hold the anode business, which will also contribute in the revenue. 
Varun Pinto: 
But that will come in FY29, right? 
Puneet Anand: 
So, our plant is getting commissioned by the Q1FY28. And so, we have assumed a certain capacity 
realization in FY28. But yes, the peak revenue will come from FY29, but you will see a 
contribution from TACC also in FY28. 
Varun Pinto: 
Understood, sir. And so, lastly, like post the demerger, will there be any debt in the Greentech 
business? 
Puneet Anand: 
Surely, there will be a debt. The debt we will raise to fund the projects, which are the anode, the 
CNI and IPP businesses will carry project-level debt. As mentioned, we made a detailed 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
presentation on HEG Greentech in January, outlining the projects we plan to execute over the next 
two to four quarters, along with the associated debt requirements. 
Varun Pinto: 
Understood, sir. Can you just call out the number what could be the debt in the Greentech business 
post the demerger? 
Puneet Anand: 
So, if you ask me, post the demerger, which will be done in by Q1 FY27, the debt will be negligible 
there. Once the demerger is done, it will be negligible. There will be no debt there, per se. But once 
the company is formed, and all the projects will be on full execution mode, that time the debt will 
start coming in. So, for example, the BESS tender which we have won in Gujarat, and the 
Maharashtra tender where we been declared L1 bidder, whenever those projects PPAs are signed, 
funds will be mobilized for that. Similarly, in th anode business, we have not taken any debt as of 
today. There has been contribution a significant equity from the company. We are utilizing that, but 
we will be doing money and deployment once the scheme is implemented. 
Varun Pinto: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Ahmed Madha from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity again. My question was on your remarks regarding the Chinese 
supply, right? I mean, if I quote from GrafTech’s concall, they spoke about two and a half, three 
lakh tons of UHP coming out of China. So, in our conversation, we have always spoken about five 
major suppliers probably having about six, six and a half lakh tons. What are your thoughts on the 
Chinese supply, which probably we should account for in terms of supply dynamics? So, are we not 
competing with Chinese players in Europe and other markets? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Manish, will you take that? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, sir. Let me answer this. Actually, most of the capacity which is in China is geared towards a 
non-UHP grade. We agree, yes, there are one or two companies which are now making UHP 
products. But to achieve that kind of consistency and reliability does take time. And at the same 
time, China is definitely working towards increasing their own electric arc furnace production. So, 
some of this capacity, we hope, will be absorbed inside China and outside China. As you have seen 
from our results itself, that HEG is also a very competitive company. So, we are not as much 
worried about the impact of their UHP on us, because we can also see the commensurate demand 
coming. So, it is not that the electrode demand is going to be stagnant and Chinese will eat into 
everybody’s share, that we do not really agree. There is a demand also coming within China and 
from outside China to the extent of 200,000 tons. 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
Ahmed Madha: 
If I just look at the segmental profitability of the electrode business, excluding the other income, 
etc., the margins have improved over the last three quarters. I am assuming there is a component of 
operating leverage with higher production. Is there any advantage on raw material cost? 
Manish Gulati: 
Not really. It is very, very marginal because the key raw material is needle coke and prices have 
been pretty much consistent, but takes a while for a slightly higher cost inventory to go away. So, 
there is a marginal drop in the consumed raw material. And what you see improvement in margins 
is basically coming from our operating levels, nothing else. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
And the size. I mean, now, now that we can add another 20,000 tons from 80,000 tons to 100,000 
tons, that gives us a cost advantage. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay. Sure. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Amit Lahoti from Emkay. Please go ahead. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Many of my 
questions have been answered. So, as we have settled contract for half of the volumes for this year, 
would it be fair to take third quarter spreads as the baseline assumption for electrode and needle 
coke pricing? So, basically, just in terms of gross splits, if they can sustain in the coming quarter? 
Manish Gulati: 
Amit, for the next two quarters, you can just assume a similar price. Do not expect any uptick in 
that. So, it is just going to be very, very similar. Of course, everybody hopes for a price increase. 
But for the next two quarters, we do not see it happening. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Right. Got it. And then we did of course have about 50% tariff impact to US. Even if we take, let us 
say, 10% as the share of your exports into US, there has been a significant impact from that 
perspective. So, now with that going down to 18%, how much of incremental delta are we looking 
at, if you can quantify some numbers in terms of how much the impact was, and then how much it 
will be in the coming quarter? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
In fine prints, if you see the tariff, how it is applied, there is a provision that, let us say, I am just 
giving you an example, if you are selling electrodes to somebody in America at X-dollars, and if 
you are buying your raw material or anything from America for Y-dollars, so that the value of Y-
dollars will be reduced than the X-dollars. So, for duty calculation, they are exempting the portion 
of the cost that you have already imported from the US. So, whatever is the selling price of 
electrode, that portion will be reduced. So, to that extent, you save the duty. And now that duty has 
come down from 50% to 18%, we are quite alright. I mean, of course, if this was the case of 50%, 
then it will have a severe hit on our bottom line. But, with 18%, of course, it will hit the profit, but 
it is not going to be significant. 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
Amit Lahoti: 
Okay. But even with the duty hit, which was clearly there for the third quarter in entirety, and given 
that the performance of our peers like Graphite India and GrafTech, it has been affected by prices, 
our performance has been pretty resilient. So, to that extent, how much of the tariff impact goes 
away now, if we can quantify that bit? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
You know more or less how many tons we are selling in America, you know more or less the price. 
And I gave you the formula, if you are importing something from the US, that is exempted. So, 
18% is still 18%, but that number is not staggering. I mean, of course, it will hit the bottom line to 
some extent, but we can very easily absorb that. We are a long-term player, we are not looking at 
next 12-months only. I mean, we do not want to vacate the market just because there is a duty. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Right. And then just one housekeeping question is on other expenses. There is a positive delta 
sequentially with cost reduction in other expenses. So, what exactly is it coming from? And then is 
it sustainable going forward? 
Ravi Kant Tripathi : 
In other expenses, as compared to previous quarter, it is reduced mainly because of the slightly 
sales reduced. In that proportion, the selling cost is also reduced. That is why the other expenses is 
lower than the previous quarter. 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, because you are selling also as a cost by way of commissions and all that. So, as you can see, 
the reduction in top line, there are slight less volumes is translated into sale. And that is what you 
see the corresponding difference in the other expenses also. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Satyan Wadhva from Profusion Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Satyan Wadhva: 
I have two questions. One, like you were talking about China, so, how competitive are their prices 
versus ours, and what is their cost structure like, I am sure you would know? And secondly, how 
are the contracts for needle coke structured? So, if tomorrow electrode prices were to go up 20%, 
would the needle coke companies try and claim their pound of flesh or is that a contract linked to 
oil price? 
Manish Gulati: 
See, the needle coke is being contracted quarter-by-quarter, and it is a process of two months for 
making an electrode. So, whatever we book in the market, we make sure that the cost of that 
required needle coke is already locked. If the prices go up and down, so, we do not take a hit. So, 
that is, let us say, generally, we would like to take a call for more than six months. But yes, some 
markets we can. So, that we take care of making sure that the cost is frozen. We know it exactly. Of 
course, when prices go up for everybody, then the graphite electrode industry will make money, of 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
course, needle coke suppliers will not be left behind, they will also increase. But first, it has to 
come from the market. First, electrode prices have to go up. 
Satyan Wadhva: 
Right. I am really just trying to understand, like, the last cycle that happened in 2017-18, right, 
when electrode prices just shot up, then needle coke lagged quite a lot and then they kind of went 
up. So, you had this supernormal margins for a little while and then they compressed because 
needle coke prices shot up despite oil prices? 
Manish Gulati: 
So, supernormal margins came for the simple fact that this is the kind of product we have which 
takes two months to make, so, there are certain inventories in the system, certain finished goods, 
certain work-in progress, certain raw material waiting because it is all getting imported coming 
from outside India, something on high seas. So, when electrode prices suddenly shot up, we did get 
a question. And it worked the other way around. Two years later, when the electrode markets fell, 
everybody in the graphite industry had to take a big NRV hit. That was the nature of the product. 
Satyan Wadhva: 
Okay, understood. And what about the Chinese UHP makers? Like, in the last cycle, they were not 
really doing any UHP. So, now they have got into the UHP market. How competitive is that cost 
versus our cost in India? 
Manish Gulati: 
See, I mean, no one else outside China has been able to really explain how Chinese price their 
products. Because if you sit with a piece of paper, it does not work out for any product. So, we 
cannot help it. We can just speak for ourselves that we are a competitive company, a large plant, 
and we have all the wherewithal, the quality, the customer base, the costing, and we can fight it out. 
Satyan Wadhva: 
Okay, fair enough. All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rohit Prakash from Marshmellow Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Prakash: 
Thank you for the opportunity. It is a fantastic set of numbers. And I always enjoy your calls, given 
how detailed and how patient you answer all our questions. So, my question is on the steel capacity 
that you mentioned is coming up in Europe and US over the next five years, right? I am not able to 
reconcile that data with the current capacity utilization there. So, the capacity utilization of steel is, 
I believe, between 50,000 to 55,000 right now, which means you have a lot of capacity lying idle. 
And even though new capacity will come and the numbers that we are discussing is, let us say quite 
large in context the current capacity already there. We are talking about 10% to 15% capacity 
coming. But where will the demand come from, right? Without the steel demand coming through, 
we will not be able to utilize the incremental electrode capacity also or the incremental electrode 
demand would not come. So, the capacity addition is fine, but it is coming at a time when the 
utilization itself is low. So, how sure are we of the utilization for the new capacity and the existing 
capacity is a question that I am not able to reconcile with the capacity coming on line? 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No, it is pretty clear. I will tell you what it is. I mean, basically, what is happening is, and as a 
preamble to that, see, the same steel which is produced through electric arc furnace and the same 
steel which is produced through the blast furnace, the carbon emission on the blast furnace steel is 
between 4-5x of the same steel which is produced through the electric arc furnace. So, now, for the 
last three, four years, ever since every country in the world, is concentrating very strongly, very 
seriously to reduce carbon emissions. So, there is this huge movement, which is happening for the 
last two, three years, and in which context I just said that about 20 million tons of steel capacity 
through electric arc furnaces that  has come up in the last 12 months in the calendar year 2025. 
Another 50 million tons to 60 million tons are on the way between now and 2028. So, these are not 
additional capacities. So, they are coming in place of blast furnaces, because a country like 
America will not allow you to produce steel in huge volumes where the carbon emission is 5x 
compared to the same steel produced through electric arc furnace. So, they are replacing the old 
blast furnace route through the electric arc furnace. So, we are not saying demand of steel is going 
to go up by 2 million tons, 3 million tons. We are talking of demand of electrodes going up, 
because there will be more electric arc furnaces which will be replacing the existing blast furnaces. 
Rohit Prakash: 
So, do you mean to say that with this capacity addition that is coming for electric arc furnace across 
the western world, we are seeing an equivalent capacity of blast furnace shutting down as well, is 
it? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
That is exactly what is happening. If you go through some communication and on the websites of 
some of these companies like, let us say, ArcelorMittal, I do not remember the exact number, but 
they are doing exactly this. They are closing the blast furnaces and replacing them by the new 
electric arc furnaces, because there is a big carbon tax that every steel company has to pay to the 
government as a penalty if you keep polluting the atmosphere 5x more by producing that steel 
through blast furnaces. So, the steel capacity is not increasing but equivalent amount of blast 
furnace steel is being closed. 
Rohit Prakash: 
Understood. Okay. So, that was helpful, sir. And, I mean, given your exposure to the western steel 
companies, do you have any commentary on, because in your initial commentary you talked about 
how Chinese steel production is coming down, but the exports have gone up significantly, so, how 
do they see this anti-involution campaign that is happening there, do they see their impact and is 
there any thought on how that might evolve over the next couple of years? 
Manish Gulati: 
Can you repeat that? 
Rohit Prakash: 
So, over the last four years, we have seen the Chinese steel production coming down, but we have 
seen the exports go up over the last few years. So, in your conversation with your current 
customers, I mean, there is talk of anti-involution going on in China in terms of curbing destructive 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
price reduction and you can see the impact in the chemicals. Is there any clarity on if you see export 
production or pricing improvement of steel coming from China? 
Manish Gulati: 
Okay. Now, I have clearly understood. You see that the last five years, the production has declined 
by 7.5% in China. The problem is, as you keep hearing in the news also and reading everywhere, 
that the housing demand has gone down a lot, that real estate consumption of steel has gone down. 
So, despite a reduction in their production, their exports have gone up by 78% from 67 million 
metric tons to 119 million metric tons, which are a record high. Now, about the destructive pricing, 
etc., you see, like, for example, US has a duty, you know that Sec. 232, they have a severe duty on 
Chinese steel. Now, EU has introduced a CBAM. So, a lot of this Chinese steel was finding its way 
into EU. EU was importing almost 27 million metric tons and obviously, most of that was blast 
furnace-based. So, if they put that additional carbon tax on that, to that extent, they will protect 
their EU industry. Similarly, there is some duty on Chinese imports into India. So, the other 
countries, when they are seeing low-priced steels hitting their own domestic industry, they are, of 
course, raising their safeguards in whatever way possible, like a Sec. 232 in US, like a CBAM in 
EU, like something like a Safeguard in India. So, I mean, whatever, we cannot say, but so far, we 
have not seen this destructive or the word which you use, involutionary, we have not seen that in 
steel, but yes, we are, of course, observing how each country is trying to protect their own industry 
from the onslaught of Chinese steel exports. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Vijay Kumar from Immersion Learning Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vijay Kumar: 
All my questions are answered. Basically, I wanted to ask something about company’s interest to 
increase its stake in GrafTech, since Graphite is also having some stake in the company. Any view 
on that? 
Management: 
Can you repeat your question, please? 
Vijay Kumar: 
So, it is basically about GrafTech. We have some stake. Do we plan to increase since the prices 
come much lower? And even Graphite has taken some stake in that company since the prices 
crashed way off. Is there any scope of increasing the stake? Well, it is much cheaper. 
Puneet Anand: 
So, essentially, an investment committee takes the decision on these investments. Beyond that, we 
cannot discuss anything on it. 
Vijay Kumar: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Manan Poladia from MKP Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
Manan Poladia: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on the graphite anode business. I think in the 
last call for the demerger, you had referred to some margins based on power costs and you had 
spoken about our power cost being significantly better than our competitors globally. I was 
wondering if you could throw some color on that and provide some clarity. I think that would be 
great, sir? Thank you. 
Riju Jhunjhunwala: 
So, hi, Riju this side. So, last time we had spoken in detail about that in the anode project, almost 
30% of the cost is power cost. And the state government of MP has given us a real good deal in 
which our power prices will remain significantly probably lower than Rs.5 for at least five years 
from today. So, that itself, I mean, we do not see anywhere, whether it is China or anywhere else in 
the world, where you would find cheaper power than this today. So, that should be a good 
advantage to us. And that power subsidy for us starts from the day of commencement of operations, 
not from today. So, we will have a good five years to take advantage of that. Less than Rs.5. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rohit from iThought Portfolio Management. Please go ahead. 
Rohit: 
Yes, just one question. So, what is the peak utilization that we can do in terms of the capacity -- is it 
like 100% or I mean, what is the practical peak that we can do from the current capacity of 100,000 
tons? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
I mean, obviously, theoretically, everybody can go to 100,000 tons. But you see, it is a very 
complicated technology. And that is the reason that our plant was established in 1976, exactly 50-
years ago. And there has not been a new Greenfield plant of this product anywhere in the world 
except China. So, the technology is very, very complicated. And just to give you a feel of what the 
complexity that you are talking about, the minimum time that you take to produce a small size 
electrode, low grade electrode is five to seven weeks, and the longest time that you take is as high 
as five to six months. And so, that is the complexity of the technology. So, if you are producing 
something where the process is like two to five or six months, anything goes wrong on any 
particular day on any of the five or six different processes that we have to handle, it becomes a 
scrap. And that is the only reason that there has not been any new plant in the last 50-years. 
Manish Gulati: 
I just want to add one point here, that you see 100,000 tons, of course, can be made. But sometimes 
you do not get the ideal, the product mix you like from the market. Of course, if I limit ourselves to 
reduce a couple of sizes, we get of course 200,000 tons. But just to answer your question or try 
hazarding a guess, because I am also going to see next year, how far we can push ourselves. But 
probably 94, 95 might be, in real working conditions, that is I think, but we have to try, we are 
already at our 90-level. Now, we will see how far we can push ourselves to 94 or 95, subject to a 
certain product mix. 

 
HEG Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
Rohit: 
Awesome. Thank you very much. This is very helpful and all the very best for the coming year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will have to take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Jhunjhunwala for any closing comments. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you, friends for joining us on this call today. It has probably been the longest call in the last 
two, three, four years and a lot of probing questions, and all of you seem to be extremely well 
informed about this industry. So, thanks a lot and I look forward to meeting and speaking to you 
once again in three months’ time. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of SKP Securities Limited, that concludes the conference. Thank 
you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
