 
 
February 04, 2026 
To
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra – Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
SYMBOL: ELLEN 
To
 
BSE Limited 
New Trading Ring, 2nd Floor, Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, Dalal 
Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
SCRIP CODE: 544421 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Analysts / Investors pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for 
the quarter ended December 31, 2025- Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed herewith is the transcript 
of the Earnings Conference call with Analysts / Investors held on Tuesday, February 03, 2026, post declaration of the Unaudited Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter ended December 31, 2025. 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
The same has also been disseminated on the website of the Company. 
 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Limited 
 
 
Aditya Keshri 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A73390 
ADITYA 
KESHRI
Digitally signed by 
ADITYA KESHRI 
Date: 2026.02.04 
16:35:23 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd 
Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Speakers: 
Mr. Padam Kumar Agarwala - Chairman and Managing Director 
Mr. Varun Agarwal - Joint Managing Director 
Mr. K Srinivas Prasad - Chief Financial Officer  
 
 
Moderator: 
Ms. Vinita Pandya (Raadhi Capital) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2026  
 
 
Page  2 of 
13 
Moderator:  
Good afternoon, everyone. We will just start the meeting in a minute or so. Ladies and 
gentlemen, welcome to the Q3 FY26 earnings conference call of Ellenbarrie Industrial 
Gases Limited hosted by Radhi Capital. As a reminder, all attendees will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. If you have any questions, please feel free to press the raise 
hand button. We'll call on you in turn and unmute your line so you can speak. You can 
also post your questions in the chat window, and we'll try to answer either during the 
call or get back to you on email. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Kindly also note that the audio of the earnings call is a corporate material of Ellenbarrie 
Industrial Gases Limited and cannot be copied or rebroadcasted or attributed in the 
PR media without specific and written consent of the company. Please note that 
anything said on this call that reflects the outlook towards the future which can be 
construed as a forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the 
risk that the company faces. A copy of the disclosure is available on the investor 
relations section of the website as well as on the stock exchanges. To give you an in-
depth understanding of the company and answer all your queries, we have from the 
management side today, Mr. Padam Kumar Agarwala, Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Varun Agarwal, Joint Managing Director and Mr. K Srinivas Prasad, Chief 
Financial Officer. I now hand over the conference to Mr. Agarwala for his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
Mr. Padam Kumar Agarwala (Chairman and Managing Director):  
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. This is the first call of the 
calendar year, and I wish you all a happy, healthy and safe 2026. We have seen a lot 
of events on the national and global scene which could not be imagined 5 years back. 
For the first time, our honourable Finance Minister has presented a budget on a 
Sunday. Yesterday, we also saw a roll back of the US tariffs which changes the general 
mood of business and government. The gases industry is also evolving, and we now 
see a slow shift in focus from metals to renewables, recycling and green energy. 
Although metals still have a maximum bearing on our business. 
Let me start with a quick snapshot of our Q3 performance. For the quarter, Revenue 
from Operations stood at Rupees 813 million and Total Income was Rupees 974 
million. EBITDA at Rupees 253 million translating to an EBITDA margin of 31%. PAT 
came in at Rupees 261 million. Now while the year-on-year numbers show healthy 
growth, it is fair to acknowledge that this was a tougher quarter sequentially. Revenue 
from operations declined 9% quarter on quarter. EBITDA declined 25% and margins 
moved from 38% in Q2 to 31% in Q3. There were two main drivers. First, we saw low 
Argon realizations during the quarter. This was largely a function of a softer 
environment in steel and an oversupply of argon into the market from captive gas 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2026  
 
 
Page  3 of 
13 
plants operated by steel manufacturers. Second, other expenses were elevated 
compared to Q3 of last year driven by certain one-off costs. Together along with slightly 
lower sequential volumes due to softness of the steel sector impacted profitability for 
the quarter. 
Looking ahead we remain constructive. First on execution we have commissioned the 
Uluberia 2 merchant plant in West Bengal, capacity 220 tons per day of liquid products 
and we are now focused on ramp up and commercial optimization. We are also 
progressing on the next leg of additions including the East India on-site plant 320 tons 
per day expected in Q1 FY27 and the North India bulk plant 220 targeted H2 FY27. 
Second, on capital allocation and resilience, we continue to operate with a strong 
balance sheet. As per our stated position, net cash is at 3,550 million and we remain 
disciplined on Capex with guidance of rupees 2,500 million in FY26 and rupees 2,000 
million in FY27. We are working on multiple expansion projects which will continue to 
drive the long-term growth of the company. Thirdly, on cost, we are working towards 
power cost optimization and sustainability by signing up for a renewable energy 
contract. Since power costs are the single largest item for us, this becomes extremely 
crucial.  
In summary, while the macro environment presented hurdles this quarter, we expect 
this to now improve with the recent trade deals. Our fundamental business remains 
resilient. We are committed to our long-term growth trajectory and are confident that 
our upcoming capacities will drive significant value for our stakeholders. With that, we 
will now open up for question and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. That's all. We will now open the call for questions. Kindly raise your hand 
to ask a question. We will unmute your line. And as a reminder, we request all 
participants to restrict themselves to two questions and come back in the queue.  
Our first question is from the line of Devika. Devika, please go ahead and ask your 
question. Devika unmute yourself and please go ahead. 
Devika:  
I apologize for the technical glitch. First of all, thank you so much for the opportunity. I 
just wanted to understand like you mentioned about the EBITDA margins, how it 
declined due to the one-off cost and lower Argon realization in this quarter. I wanted 
to understand what would be the sustainable EBITDA margin that we see for the 
business over the medium term. Do we still hold on to the 40% margin aspiration once 
the argon pricing perhaps normalizes? 
 
 
 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2026  
 
 
Page  4 of 
13 
Mr. Varun Agarwal (Joint Managing Director):  
Sure. This is Varun Agarwal. Yes, we do hold on to EBITDA margins of around 40%. 
This was a weak quarter that we just finished. If you broadly look at the 9-month 
EBITDA margins on a financial year-to-date basis we are still at about 36%. Why we 
are guiding towards a 40% EBITDA margin is because the new capacities that come 
in would be more efficient in terms of the power usage which is the single largest cost 
for us. I think we are also building up more on-site capacity which will come in which 
has a higher EBITDA margin profile just in terms of EBITDA as a percentage of 
revenue. And of course, we do expect Argon prices to normalize which were last 
quarter significantly hit due to the weakness in the steel sector which led to a supply 
demand imbalance over the last quarter. So yes, we do hold on to that 40% long-term 
EBITDA margin profile. 
Devika:  
Okay sir. And also, sir, if possible, could you just share some colour on the gas 
volumes across the key gases like oxygen, nitrogen and argon. 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So, we are not reporting volumes on a gas-wise basis. But it's safe to say that 
compared to on a year-on-year basis of course there's been an improvement in the 
volumes however on a sequential basis there has been a very minor decline in the 
volumes and that's largely again on account of the softness in the steel sector. 
Devika:  
Okay thank you so much so if I have any questions I'll join back. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the chat. Core gas's growth is around 10% for 9 
months versus your 20 to 25% CAGR target. What exit revenue run rate is needed to 
stay on track? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
I'll just take this one first. So again our 20-25% CAGR is of course a long-term CAGR 
and this typically the growth will tend to be a little bit lumpy in the sense that whenever 
we bring in new capacity that's where you'll see the growth being pushed forward. 
Currently we are at a high degree of capacity utilization and of course the fact that 
we've got a new capacity that's come online. We'll see hopefully some impact on that 
this quarter which would actually drive the revenue growth faster than what you've 
seen so far on a YTD basis. 
 
 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2026  
 
 
Page  5 of 
13 
Moderator:  
Thank you. What is the current Argon revenue mix percentage and Argon EBITDA 
margin in this quarter? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So, Argon this quarter is close to about 10% in terms of the revenue. The margins 
have again we don't report margins on a per gas basis largely because the costs are 
kind of difficult to break up between each gas because it's the same plant that 
produces oxygen, nitrogen and argon. But safe to say that with the argon prices 
declining in the last quarter the margin there has taken a hit. The Argon prices have 
declined in the last quarter by more than 25%. Again, we don't think this is sustainable. 
We expect this to improve, and our realizations of course are always higher than the 
average market price because of the contracts that we have because of the fact that 
we also do a lot of value addition. We do lot of distribution to the end use customers 
etc. So, we do expect these prices and margins to improve especially now given that 
the macro environment is improving the scenario for the steel industry is also 
improving. 
Moderator:  
Thank you for that. For the 220 TPD merchant plant 160 crore capex say around 100 
to 110 crore revenue potential how much revenue has started and what is the ramp 
up timeline? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So, the plant has been commissioned recently so I think it's very early to comment on 
how much revenue has started. But typically, we look at an 85% capacity utilization 
over a period of 18 months from the date of startup. But as I said it's very early to kind 
of give a revenue impact. But what I can say is that yes, the ramp up is proceeding 
well. Can't put a number on it though. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As a reminder we request all participant to kindly raise your hand to ask a 
question. Please raise your hand to ask a question. The next question is for solar and 
speciality gases and western expansion. Can you share signed contracts or committed 
volumes and expected revenue contribution timeline? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So, in terms of our expansion into west in FY28 is what we are expecting our plant 
along with some high purity and speciality gases facility to come up that's targeted for 
FY28. Of course, at this stage we can't really share any signed contracts etc. However, 
we are in discussions with a lot of companies especially in the solar cell manufacturing 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2026  
 
 
Page  6 of 
13 
space and we are seeing good traction a lot of positive interest towards our capacity 
that's coming up. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Is the EBITDA margins squeeze condition same for all peers Linde, Inox 
others in the industry? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So, look we can't obviously comment on their margins, but the pricing is a reality. The 
fact that the Argon prices were down in Q3. Assuming that they will also be subject to 
that pricing it would be logical to expect that their margins would also correct but of 
course we don't want to comment on their numbers specifically and what percentage 
revenue and margin profile they have with Argon. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant, please unmute yourself and 
go ahead. 
Prashant:  
Yeah. So my question is given that in the presentation you have mentioned that the 
gas I mean the total market size is around 1.2 million tons of gases and if we work on 
the basis of the capacity and the 86-87% utilization our production is somewhere 
around 1,05,000 to 1,10,000 tons which annualized gives around 400,000 tons and a 
33% market share is that correct? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
No, I think there is some gap in the understanding. Prashant, I think our market share 
is in the sort of mid-single digits. 
Prashant:  
Okay. So, then what is the total addressable market in terms of tonnage? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So, if we look at it from a market size point of view which is probably the better way to 
look at it in terms of the revenue potential. I think the market available to kind of the 
gas industry is when we had last done the industry report was somewhere in the region 
of about 15,000 crores and it was growing at about 10 odd percent on an annualized 
basis. This is as per the industry report which was prepared, and which is a part of our 
IPO documents. 
 
 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2026  
 
 
Page  7 of 
13 
Prashant:  
Fair enough. So out of this 15,000 crores how much of the market are we addressing 
or competing in? Because we might not have product for the all the segments of the 
market. So, what is market available for us to play with? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So, look we have historically only been in the eastern and southern regions of the 
country. So that itself kind of puts us out of a large segment of the market. This is 
broadly the products to cater to this entire segment because this is basically 
comprising of the basic industrial gases and not any of the sort of hydro-carbon gases 
etc. So, this is our you can say the core market for our industry. So, product wise that 
is the market but we obviously in terms of geographic revenue split etc we are not 
covering a large part of the country. 
Prashant:  
Okay, understood. And since the current capacity you maxed out is there any way we 
can increase the capacity or put up additional units at the existing locations, or do we 
have to go for green field units only? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So basically, for our industry it's very difficult to increase the capacity of an existing 
plant. So typically, all the expansions are either green field expansions at a new site 
or potentially you could do a green field expansion at an existing site. In our case for 
example the recent plant which was commissioned is a green field plant and it's at a 
site which is adjacent to one of our existing plants. So typically, the way to grow is to 
add new capacity and that involves doing a project from scratch.  
Prashant:  
And, wherever we are having captive plants is possible to increase capacity there and 
use it for a commercial or merchant purposes.  
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
It's possible at the time of building the plant. Once the plant is built and has started 
commenced operations, then it's not really possible. So, we do that typically and in 
couple of our on-site plants we have set up a plant of a capacity which is higher than 
what the pipeline customer requires. And the excess product then becomes available 
for us to sell externally. 
Prashant:  
Okay. Just to last one in the presentation, you have mentioned that the foreign players 
are some of our biggest competitors. What would be their market share be like? 
 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2026  
 
 
Page  8 of 
13 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
I mean these I would say Linde, Inox and Air Products are all larger than us. And of 
course, significantly larger with a size of maybe at least some of them are five times 
our size.  
Prashant:  
So, if we were to grow, I mean we would have to take the market from unorganized 
sector? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
Growth will be driven by of course unorganized sector where we can take market from 
and also the fact that the industry size itself is growing. So that's itself is the key driver 
for growth. 
Prashant:  
Okay. That's all from my side. I wish you all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vatsal Bhandari. Vatsal, please 
unmute yourself and go ahead. 
Vatsal Bhandari:  
Good evening, sir. Two questions from my end sir. So, regarding the solar gases we 
understand that Linde and Inox have been supplying to most of the solar players today 
and most of these gases are either traded from China or and few are made in India. 
What is our play over here and how do we plan to compete against the Linde and Inox 
in this space where they've already won most of the contracts. 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So, I think they have won a number of the legacy contracts which were on the block. 
We have also won some contracts. I think going forward given that there is a huge 
potential in terms of the capacity coming up in solar cell, I think it's fair to say that all 
of us would get a piece of the pie. It's also fair to say that they will probably get a larger 
piece of the pie. But given that there is a significant size differential between us and 
them I think for us even if we get a smaller piece of the pie it still bodes well for our 
future growth. And you know importing these gases, you're right, most of them are 
imported from China. The difficult part is not importing the gases but handling them 
once you bring them to your facility. Because these typically need to be transferred 
into smaller containers etc. before supplying to the customer and that's going to be a 
part of our western region facility and that's going to be integrated with a plant that 
produces high purity oxygen and nitrogen along with a kind of a warehouse and 
bottling station for these speciality gases as well. 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2026  
 
 
Page  9 of 
13 
Vatsal Bhandari:  
So then last question, how does the capex and margins look for the solar gases versus 
something like for the merchant plants or the onsites? What kind of capex and margins 
EBITDA margins are there for this business or this segment? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
See the capex is not very heavy here in terms of solar gases because we are not really 
going to be manufacturing a lot of them right so it's mostly going to be traded and we 
need like a effectively just a debulking facility. And again, even in terms of margin 
profiles for a traded product typically as the size of this solar industry keeps growing 
which it is at a very rapid pace the margins would become like your typical trading and 
service in terms of last mile delivery that sort of margin which would be in the teens. 
It's not going to be at par with the ASU gases because here we are doing the entire 
manufacturing process whereas there it's only a traded product. 
Vatsal Bhandari:  
Okay sir. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Parikh. Ashish, I have 
unmuted. Please unmute yourself and go ahead. We'll take the question from chat 
box. Given the steel sector softness, how did your take or pay contracts perform 
relative to your merchant sales? Did any on-site customers fail to lift their minimum 
committed volumes this quarter? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So, that's a good question. I think there has been a softness in the volumes that they've 
lifted. Again, it's important to note that when we talk of our volumes, we don't include 
the on-site volumes here because these contracts are of a take or pay nature where 
we only recognize the fixed monthly amount that the customer has to pay to us. 
However, the reduction in their offtake volume although it didn't translate into lower 
revenues it did give us a kind of firsthand view in terms of the softness of that sector. 
But as I said it doesn't impact our revenue. That's the nature of the contract the way 
they are structured. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is in the last call you mentioned significant inquiries from 
the solar cell and semiconductor sectors. Have you converted any of those inquiries 
into firm contracts during Q3? And what is the status of your supply chain setup for 
high purity gases? 
 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2026  
 
 
Page  10 of 
13 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So, I think some of this we've covered in terms of the supply chain setup for the high 
purity gases we have the capability to manufacture the high purity air gases within 
locally within our facilities. And some of the other gases which go into the solar space 
would be imported. And we are talking to a number of the solar guys we have signed 
up with a couple of them. On the semiconductor side of course, we have not yet signed 
up with anyone but that's still in a more nascent stage compared to the solar space 
and there we are as I said we've already signed up with a couple of companies and 
we are actively working with several more and hope to conclude a few more contracts 
in the coming quarters. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish.  
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
I think the question (from the chat box) is more in terms of the Revenue and EBITDA 
margins for Q4 and then for FY27. 
So, look I think it's important to understand that this business is pretty long-term in 
nature and lot of growth happens in not on a sort of consistent Q on Q basis but rather 
it happens in sort of step changes as and when new capacities are operationalized. 
So, I think while of course we do understand that Q3 was disappointing, but it doesn't 
really change the long-term trajectory. We are still working on a lot of projects. We've 
commissioned a project of late. So directionally speaking we are going in the right 
direction. In terms of a number, I think the only thing which we can guide on is a long-
term CAGR rather than a short-term number. But having said that of course in terms 
of Q4, we do expect some impact to come from the new capacity that we've 
commissioned. So, we do hope that Q4 would be much better than Q3. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the East India on-site plant, we noticed that the 
commissioning timeline had moved to Q1 FY27 versus Q4 FY26 indication shared 
earlier. Could you help us understand if there were any operational or external factors 
that led to this shift? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So I think this is basically delay of let's say about a couple of months and one of the 
things that I've mentioned in my previous investor calls as well is that I think the key 
kind of risk is in terms of executing the projects in a timely manner because largely 
because all of these typically tend to be green field projects and each one comes with 
its own set of challenges. So I would say that a couple of months movement in the 
commissioning of a plant is I won't call that abnormal. Here too I think we are on track 
for Q1 of FY27 which would mean a couple of months really and for typically for a 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2026  
 
 
Page  11 of 
13 
project which takes let's say about 15 odd months to commission a month or two delay 
can happen over the course of the construction of the project. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is, Is the worst over? Why are margins down? Any 
recovery expected in margins? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So, we do feel that the worst is over. I think that was kind of captured in the opening 
comments made by Chairman and I think also why the margins were down etc all of 
that was covered we don't expect this to sustain. I think our longer-term EBITDA 
margin targets are closer to 40% and while the previous quarter was in the low 30s, 
for the year-to-date numbers we are at about 36%. As more capacity comes in which 
is of better, I mean the newer plants have better economics in terms of their power 
efficiency etc. We do expect margins to tick up. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubam Todi. Shubam please go 
ahead. 
Shubam Todi:  
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I'm a little new to the company. And I missed 
your remarks on the capex plans of the company. So, could you please briefly explain 
what are capex plans? What gases are we trying to enter and what kind of potential 
do we see there? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So currently we are talking of three projects which we are undertaking. One is an on-
site plant in eastern India. The second one is a merchant plant in Northern India and 
the third one is a merchant plant along with a sort of a special gases unit is what we 
call it in Western India. All of these put together would entail capex over the next couple 
of years to the tune of about 450 crores and in terms of gases again our core focus 
would continue to be on the basic air gases which are oxygen, nitrogen, argon and of 
course we would like to increase our portfolio to some of these speciality gases which 
are used especially in the solar industry. 
Shubam Todi:  
Okay and just to follow up on that so when do we expect this plants to be 
commissioned and what kind of revenue potential is there? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So, the first plant which is an on-site plant in eastern India we expect this to be online 
in Q1 of the next financial year. The merchant plant in North India we expect in the 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2026  
 
 
Page  12 of 
13 
second half of next financial year and the plant in the west along with the speciality 
gases we are targeting FY28. Given that these three plants would sort of come in a 
staggered manner while we don't want to comment on revenue from at an individual 
plant level because that's not something that we report but on a longer term basis we 
have about a 20 to 25% kind of a growth rate that we expect which of course will be 
lumpy but given the type of capex and the growth plans that we have that's what we 
are guiding. 
Shubam Todi:  
Okay that's it from my side thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is you recently commissioned the Uluberia 2 merchant 
plant. Given the current soft demand environment in East India, how is the capacity 
utilization ramp up progressing in this new unit? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So, look, we it's still very early days but I can tell you that things are moving well. We 
would expect to while we are talking of an 18 month ramp up for to get to an 85% 
capacity utilization. Here we've done because this is a market that we are already 
present in and we have very strong relations with a lot of the large buyers. We would 
expect to ramp up this production little bit faster than that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is if we intend to commission north India capacity by H2 
FY27 and it takes 18 months to commission each of such plants has the construction 
already begun? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So yes and no in the sense that we've ordered the plant. So typically for our industry 
the longest lead time for or the sort of the real challenge is not in terms of the 
construction but it's more in terms of the delivery of the equipment and that takes quite 
a while. So, I think the important thing is that we have ordered the plants and as and 
when the equipment is ready for shipment the construction the civil work etc. would be 
done in order to receive it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Can you please provide yearly guidance for FY27 revenue and EBITDA 
margins? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So, you know again we are not giving annual guidance but rather a longer-term 
guidance. In our industry as I said it's a very much of a long-term kind of a play. All our 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2026  
 
 
Page  13 of 
13 
contracts are also long-term and the way to look at it is on a sort of a longer-term 
growth trajectory than a quarter-on-quarter kind of a basis. Having said that, of course, 
because we've got new capacity coming in, I think it's very safe to say that there will 
be an improvement in terms of the revenue right because we've got one plant which 
has started now which is going to be giving the entire next FY will have some impact 
from that and the other plant which is starting at the beginning of the next financial 
year where also majority of the financial year would get a positive impact from that so 
I think it's only logical to say that there will be a growth. As I said we are not guiding 
on a quarterly or an annual growth but rather on a long-term growth. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Just to confirm the commission timeline for North India is H2 FY27 or H2 
CY27 also who do we procure cryogenic equipment from? Do we source it from China 
or indigenous players like Inox CVA? 
Mr. Varun Agarwal:  
So, the commissioning timeline is H2 FY27. And in terms of the cryogenic equipment, 
we so it depends on the equipment. There are certain equipment that we buy 
domestically including storage tanks and certain equipment that we source 
internationally. But yes, we do source from indigenous players without specifying a 
particular name. We do source from indigenous players as well. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Please raise your hand or put your question in chat. Since there are no 
further questions, I would like to thank you once again for your time and participation. 
On behalf of Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases, this concludes today's conference. For any 
questions, please feel free to write us on the email ids mentioned on the invite. We 
appreciate your engagement. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer:  
"This transcript is an edited version of the conference call recording and has been prepared 
for ease of reading and clarity. Certain immaterial corrections, formatting changes and 
corrections of obvious transcription or numerical errors may have been made, without 
changing the overall meaning. Readers are advised to refer to the audio recording and the 
results filed with the stock exchanges for full details, and the company accepts no 
responsibility for any remaining errors or for any decisions taken based on this document.” 
