 
 
 
February 4, 2026 
 
To,
BSE Limited 
Listing Dept. / Dept. of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Security Code : 542484 
Security ID : ARVINDFASN 
To,
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol : ARVINDFASN 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Earnings call Transcript of the conference call with Analysts and Investors for the third 
quarter and nine months ended on December 31, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we are attaching herewith the transcript of the conference call with Analysts/Investors held on  
Thursday, January 29, 2026 at 12:30 P.M IST, to discuss the financial performance of the Company for 
the third quarter and nine months ended on December 31, 2025. The same is being uploaded on the 
website of the Company. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
 
Lipi Jha 
Company Secretary 
LIPI 
SITAKANT 
JHA
Digitally signed by 
LIPI SITAKANT JHA 
Date: 2026.02.04 
11:20:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
“Arvind Fashions Limited 
Q3 & FY ‘26 Results Conference Call” 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KULIN LALBHAI – VICE CHAIRMAN AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
ARVIND FASHIONS LIMITED 
 
MS. AMISHA JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
ARVIND FASHIONS LIMITED 
 
MR. GIRDHAR KUMAR CHITLANGIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – ARVIND 
FASHIONS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 and FY '26 Results 
Earnings Conference Call of Arvind Fashions Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Girdhar Chitlangia. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Thanks, Danish. Hello. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
the Arvind Fashions Limited Earnings Conference Call for the third quarter 
ended 31st December 2025. I am joined here today by Kulin Lalbhai, Vice 
Chairman and Non-Executive Director; and Amisha Jain, Managing Director 
and CEO. Please note that results, press release and earnings presentation 
have been mailed across to you yesterday, and these are also available on 
our website, www.arvindfashions.com. 
 
I hope you had the opportunity to browse through the highlights of the 
performance. We will commence the call with Kulin providing his key 
strategic thoughts on our third quarter performance. Post that, I will hand 
over the call to Amisha to take us through the financial performance and the 
business highlights. 
 
After the end of the call and post management discussion, we will have a 
Q&A session. Before we start, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made or discussed on this call today may be forward-looking in 
nature and must be viewed in conjunction with risks and uncertainties we 
face. 
 
A detailed statement of these risks is available in this quarter's earnings 
presentation. The company does not undertake to update these forward-
looking statements publicly. With that said, I would now turn the call over to 
Kulin to share his views. Thank you, and over to you, Kulin. 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
Thanks, Girdhar. A very good afternoon to you all. Thank you for joining us 
for the Q3 results. I'm very happy to share that this quarter, we have seen 
the highest year-on-year growth in several years. We have grown at 
consistent double-digit growth rates over the past few quarters, which 
demonstrates that our growth drivers have fallen in place. 
 
The demand environment was stable, and we achieved a 14.5% growth led 
by healthy LTL growth of 8.2% in the retail channel and around 50% growth 
in the direct online channel, leading to an overall 18% growth in EBITDA with 
a 40 basis points margin expansion. Our PAT adjusted for the onetime wage 
code-related charge has also grown by 65%, which shows strong operating 
leverage coming through. 
 
Moving forward, with a strong addition in square footage, a healthy LTL 
growth and robust growth in our direct online and adjacencies, we hope to 
maintain this growth momentum. We continue to stay focused on our mantra 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
of profitable growth, resulting in further improvement in return on capital 
employed. Arvind's reacquisition of a 31.25% stake in AYBPL reinforces Flying 
Machine's strategic importance within the AFL portfolio with the brand 
positioned as a key growth driver in the denim-led youth fashion market. 
 
I would like to now hand it over to Amisha Jain to take us through the 
specifics and more details about our financial performance. 
Amisha Jain: 
Thank you, Kulin. Good afternoon, everyone. Wishing you all and your 
families a very, very happy New Year, and a warm welcome to the investor 
call for the quarter ended December 31, 2025. Q3 of FY '26 marked another 
strong quarter for us with revenue growth of 14.5%, driven by consistent 
execution across our direct-to-consumer channels. 
 
We delivered a robust 8.2% like-for-like growth, nearly 50% growth in online 
B2C and a sustained double-digit secondary growth in our wholesale 
channels. In the quarter gone by, NSV stood at INR1,377 crores as against 
INR1,203 crores in the previous year same quarter. And our EBITDA was 
INR195 crores versus INR165 crores. 
 
We continue to grow our direct channels. These together now account for 
nearly 63% of sales, a 260 basis points higher share over last year. Retail 
growth is very healthy at double-digits with very good like-for-like at 8.2%. 
 
Our expansion gathered pace and we have added over 41,000 square feet of 
retail space in this quarter. We are in line to open 1.5 lakh square feet in FY 
'26. Our strategy is to pivot our online sales towards online B2C, and that is 
also yielding really good results. Our online B2C grew by nearly 50%, taking 
its share to 17% with significant improvement in channel margin. Coming to 
wholesale, the wholesale channels also grew double digits with some billing 
of Q2, which was impacted by GST transition earlier that got moved into this 
quarter. 
 
Both MBO and department store secondary sales have also witnessed a very 
strong double-digit growth. Now moving on to brands.  
During this quarter, we acquired Flipkart stake in Flying Machine. We believe 
Flying Machine offers a tremendous growth opportunity. And going ahead, it 
will operate with a very sharply positioned role :  a Gen Z-focused unisex 
fashion brand anchored in on-trend expression with denim at its core. 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
Flying Machine will launch its dedicated D2C platform in fiscal '27, creating 
a direct-to-channel more directly communicating to the consumers, building 
relevance, community and cultural momentum with our Gen Z consumers. At 
the brand level, further, U.S. Polo continued its momentum and grew 
exceptionally at over 25%, led by impactful execution across all consumer 
touch points. Growth in other brands was nearly to high single-digit. PVH 
brands growth was impacted due to geopolitical supply chain disruptions and 
transition to a new GST regime where GST rates have increased from 12% to 
18%. 
 
Talking about other categories, those also grew really well and almost all of 
these growing in excess of 20%. These were predominantly led by footwear, 
which is now back to a very high growth. We believe that the disruption 
caused by implementation of BIS norms is now behind us. Overall, adjacent 
categories grew at 23%. Among the other metrics that showed improvement 
are inventory freshness and gross margin. 
 
Inventory freshness is at an all-time high and gross margin has improved by 
50 basis points. We continued our focus on advertising spend. Among the 
balance sheet metrics, overall working capital remained stable. Inventory 
buildup was to mitigate geopolitical disruptions. This has also helped us 
improve freshness and on-time season launch. 
 
Coming to the P&L. The growth in EBITDA at AFL in Q2 is 18.2%, up 40 basis 
points led by gross margin improvement. Since there was early onset of 
festive season and wedding season, we entered EOSS a week earlier than 
usual. Overall discount was higher, but better channel mix, cost efficiencies 
and select have led to improvement in margin. In this journey of profitable 
growth, the PAT, excluding code on wages impact in Q3 is at INR44 crores a 
growth of 65% over last year. 
 
The growth in PBT is nearly 20%, again, excluding code on wages. As we enter 
last quarter of the year, we are reasonably confident of maintaining our 
growth rate. We will continue our store expansion, and we hope to achieve 
a net square feet addition of 1.5 lakh square feet for this year. Our consistent 
execution on product in-store experience will help us deliver a healthy 
double-digit growth in retail and direct-to-consumer channels. 
 
We also expect that the government initiatives will aid higher consumer 
disposable incomes, leading to a demand improvement across categories in 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
the medium-term. The outcome will, of course, depend on how the market 
environment shapes up. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Avinash K from Motilal 
Oswal Financial Services Limited. 
Avinash K: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. So if I heard right, you said 
like U.S. Polo growth is 25% for a brand which is almost at INR2,000 crores, 
what drove such a huge growth in this quarter? 
Amisha Jain: 
Thanks for your question. I think that's a great question  We're quite excited 
to see the way some of the growth drivers around U.S. Polo are shaping up. 
If you were to talk about how some of the initiatives that were put in place, 
one large thing that we've been talking about is product and  what we're 
seeing is that U.S. Polo product elevation is extremely visible in the market. 
 
The consumer is taking that really well. We've been driving premiumization, 
and that is another trend that has worked extremely well for U.S. Polo. So 
all in all, from a product assortment point of view, our strategy is on point, 
and we've been going extremely well. The second thing is we did double down 
on how our distribution looks like in U.S. Polo and our retail expansion has 
been targeted towards that. So, shutting down of nonperforming stores but 
predominantly expanding retail has also led to significant growth. 
 
The third piece is that the other categories have been doing really well, and 
we've doubled down on that, especially with U.S. Polo. Innerwear, footwear, 
kids and womenswear have all clocked upwards of 25% growth as well. So, I 
think from all in all,  our growth drivers in U.S. Polo have been significant. 
 
Coming back to direct-to-consumer growth driver for us, we've also seen an 
50% plus growth in online as well. So overall, when you look at it, all channels 
firing, retail  and online channel doing really well, that has led to the growth 
of U.S. Polo. 
Avinash K: 
Okay. Understood. My only concern is that this isn't the case of channel filling 
or inventory stuffing, which led to growth in the near-term? 
Amisha Jain: 
Overall, from a retail point of view, the retail growth is at 23% and our like-
for-like in U.S. Polo is at 11%. The other important thing to note is that it is 
our mainline business in retail and our direct-to-consumer business that has 
actually grown faster. 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
 
When you look at our wholesale numbers also, our wholesale, while it is at 
double-digit, , actually, between Q2 and Q3, we are  in line with the standard 
growth of wholesale as well. So, it's really the consumer offtake that is 
driving U.S. Polo. 
Avinash K: 
That's a very good point. Congrats. Second thing is a little bit of bookkeeping 
question. If you look at like employee costs, they have gone up by 23% this 
quarter. So, is it a one-off? Or how should we read it? 
Amisha Jain: 
Sure. I think there are 2 parts to it. Employee benefit expenses have gone up 
slightly in this quarter, more sort of putting in some money towards the 
employee welfare expenses, which is a one-off and some of it is the ESOP 
charge.  
 
As we spoke last time also about some of the growth drivers, and one critical 
growth driver that we had highlighted was our investment towards data AI 
and consumer centricity. And so  we've kind of ramped up hiring there, and 
that's what you're seeing as well in the consumer intelligence piece and also 
invested towards some of the strategic pieces. While we've done this, what 
you will see coming next year is that these numbers should come in line with 
the growth of the business as well. 
Avinash K: 
Okay. So, most of it is like a steady structural basis, you'll see a similar kind 
of INR80 crores run rate going forward? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Yes, . There could be a small onetime which will drop off some of the staff 
welfare kind of a thing. But yes, otherwise, it will be pretty consistent like 
this. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from 
ICICIdirect. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Congrats for a good set of numbers. My question is on Flying Machine. Now 
since we have consolidated it and we have brought the brand under our kitty. 
So now we will definitely look to redefine the strategy for the brand. So how 
much time will it take brand to really get back to its original growth rate or 
maybe from -- when we can see brand really start performing and adding 
materially to the growth and profitability of the company? 
Amisha Jain: 
Sure. Great. Thanks for the question. I just want to kind of step back and 
talk about Flying Machine holistically. If you were to kind of look at from a 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
market point of view, we believe that there is a tremendous opportunity in 
front of us in Flying Machine. 
 
As you can see, from a denim point of view, there's a large gap between the 
#1 player in the market and rest of the brands. We have a belief that Flying 
Machine with its equity that it holds and the positioning that it has had,  it 
can be one of the largest denim players, both in men's and women's segment. 
 
And tying to that, one big push you will see is us addressing the Gen Z 
consumers in the market. So, from a portfolio point of view, Flying Machine 
is actually  well positioned to kind of take on that space. And that's why we're 
bullish about it. 
 
Now given that, we will also see that our channel strategy also align that 
way. We will have a bigger, bolder digital strategy. You will see us launch 
the flyingmachine.com in the coming fiscal year. And some of those 
initiatives will start lining up as we start working closer towards the market 
in terms of how we are targeting the consumer, serving the consumer and 
addressing the consumer from a product portfolio point of view. 
 
Now having said that, what you will see in this quarter, the way we've 
performed, we've seen a 17% like-for-like in Flying Machine in the stores as 
well. And our B2C on Flying Machine has grown by about 40%. Department 
store has grown by about 35%. So to the question that you're asking, we're 
already seeing green shoots. 
 
We're already seeing that the brand is sort of on its path. And we will need 
another couple of seasons, maybe 2 to 3 seasons where you'll start seeing the 
brand sort of coming into its mainstream growth as well. 
 
But I would also emphasize that it's already on that path. Now obviously, 
given the movement -- given that we've now got the stake, et cetera, what 
you will see us do is line it up better in terms of how we will cater to the Gen 
Z consumer through other marketplaces. It opens up a few more avenues for 
us as well. And we are quite bullish about it. We will see momentum in this 
brand continue over the next few seasons. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
My related question to it is since you are making it more a Gen Z focused kind 
of a brand, what -- how will be the pricing differentiation will be with some 
of the brands which are already there in the market. So some of the premium 
brands, which are already there in the market and their focus might be 
something else, but you are focusing more from the Gen Z kind of a brand 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
concept. So will there be any material price difference which will be 
available in the market? 
Amisha Jain: 
See, I think when you look at Flying Machine, it is actually very well 
positioned to be the strong youth denim brand. And when you look at the 
product market fit, it's got actually a phenomenal product market fit as well. 
Our products are priced exceptionally well for the value that we're offering. 
And so from that perspective, I feel that from a consumer point of view, it's 
actually very well poised to serve that segment of the consumer. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Priyank from Vallum Capital. 
Priyank: 
Team, my question is on the -- when I have to look at non-controlling 
interest, which has dropped quarter-on-quarter and also on a long-term run 
rate, what explains this? Is it PVH some -- I mean, the growth issues at the 
PVH and what would that be, if you can elaborate on that? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Priyank, Girdhar here. You see in the last quarter, there was a code of wages 
impact on the PVH business, which subdued its profitability by some bit. 
There was an FM model change also where we moved to a different model 
with a couple of our partners. So because of which we had to reverse some 
of the sales and take a negative position on the P&L. 
 
So those are the 2 which explain the large part of the drop. However, having 
said that, when the GST was rolled out, there were some headwinds on the 
PVH business early in October and sometime till November. Post which 
business has stabilized. There was a price increase and consumers found it a 
little difficult to absorb and buy. But since middle of November till December 
and now we are seeing quite healthy growth and those numbers are coming 
back. 
 
So largely, it is attributed to some slowdown in PVH in the early part of the 
quarter, a labor code impact and FM -- yes, largely the PVH impact early in 
the quarter was because of the GST, where prices had to be increased. 
Priyank: 
I couldn't get the first point, moved to the different business partners. Could 
you explain me that? What was the change in the business model? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Yes. For the Flying Machine, we had to move to an SOR model with a couple 
of our partners. So whatever was the inventory, we had to take it back and 
we started recording sales on a secondary basis. So, the residual inventory at 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
that transition time had to be recorded as a reversal of sales in our books, 
which increased the loss and hence the minority interest went down. 
Amisha Jain: 
I think the PVH, the only point is that given the GST transition from 12% to 
18%, we did pass on and increased prices there. So there was an interim blip 
that we saw in terms of that sticker shock. But what we've seen now is that 
the sales are stabilizing over there. 
Priyank: 
Got it. So ma'am, then I have to just reconcile the like-to-like numbers, U.S. 
Polo would have grown at 11%, FM at 17%. PVH might have seen a slight 
decline. So if the numbers are so high, so what -- so the balancing number 
comes only for Arrow, which also would have been negative. How does this 
reconcile on a total 8% like-to-like growth that we have reported? 
Amisha Jain: 
Yes. So see, all our brands have grown -- I mean, while we've grown overall 
at 15%. Our brands stand -- U.S. Polo have grown at about double-digits. And 
like-for-like for FM has grown at about 17%. 
 
PVH has also grown. The thing with Arrow has been that, one is we did see a 
little bit of a supply disruption because of the movement of goods from 
Bangladesh. And some of the key inventories were a little delayed into the 
market, which got streamlined a little bit post November, and now we're kind 
of on track. 
So there was a minor sort of that movement led to us participating into the 
wedding piece a little later, which impacted Arrow a little bit. While Arrow 
has grown, it has grown in early single digits. Overall, what we see now is 
that all our brands are on a pretty solid positive growth. 
Priyank: 
Sorry, I'm just reconciling the numbers again. You said U.S. Polo like-to-like 
growth would have been early double-digits and FM also 11%. Is that right? 
Amisha Jain: 
Sorry, say that again, please? 
Priyank: 
I'm saying just getting a clarification on the numbers that you spoke out. U.S. 
Polo would have been 11% and even FM, Flying Machine would have been 11% 
on the like-to-like growth. 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Yes. But share of  FM is very low. While the number is double-digit, the share 
is very low. And hence, on an overall basis, the weighted average will still be 
8%. 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
Priyank: 
Got it. And one last thing on the overall strategic part, when I have to look 
at 9 months performance, despite a solid performance on the top line, what 
we are yet witnessing is not all the gross -- I mean, yet on the EBITDA level, 
the uplifting has been done only via gross margin gains? 
 
I mean the gross margin mix, of course, with the retail going up is also going 
up, but it's not completely populating down into the EBITDA margin, which 
means that we are yet on an investment journey for our brands. When do we 
see the gains coming from the operating leverage and not only via gross 
margins, which will give us a confidence that the brands which were 
expected to turn around are actually performing well? 
Amisha Jain: 
If I were to step back, as you may have noted that we've expanded our 
margins by 140 bps over the last 2 years with a focus on cost and other 
efficiencies. And so, with confidence on growth around double-digit, we 
believe that operating leverage is possible in the business, and we expect 
EBITDA to grow more than 15%. And I think that's something that you've seen 
consistently as well. We have seen operating leverage year-over-year on 
fixed costs, excluding the onetime costs as well. 
 
So with all of that in place, we have also said that we want to make sure that 
we will continue to invest towards advertising as well, and we do to spur 
growth also. So we are in line with that kind of an investment. And given our 
growth trajectory, we are confident that we will be able to see more than 
15% in terms of EBITDA growth. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark 
Constitution Equities. 
Tejash Shah: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. Just wanted to start with -- could you help 
us understand the strategic rationale behind increasing the online B2C 
contribution and which of the 3 objectives it is primarily aimed at? Is it 
growth, profitability or working capital efficiency? 
Amisha Jain: 
Yes,  I think at a broad level, we've called out that direct-to-consumer is a 
key growth driver for us, and we are getting more and more closer to the 
consumer. It does a few things for us as a consumer organization, as a brand 
organization. 
As we stay closer to the market, our learning and understanding of the 
consumers increases and how we kind of pull that back into a feedback loop, 
not just from the way of how we are communicating to the consumer, but 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
also from a perspective of how we are serving the consumer, the learnings 
around product and our entire value chain. 
 
So there's one large element of saying that as a brand, we want to be closer 
to the consumer and want to make sure that we are center of culture, 
adapting to whatever the consumer is shifting towards, and we are able to 
do that faster. 
 
Hence, we've always maintained that we would like to take this number of 
us from a direct-to-consumer point of view, we do want to take it to about 
75%. We are at 63%, if you were to look at it from a share of business point 
of view, right? Second point is, I think it allows us to actually also maintain 
pricing and keep that in check. 
 
It allows us to continue to control the discounting, allows us to kind of, again, 
bring some of those gross margin and EBITDA numbers in check. That's the 
second piece of it in terms of how it will enable us to improve overall 
structural economics of the business as well. 
Tejash Shah: 
Got it. Okay. Second, just wanted to know what are the -- you spoke about 
the distribution interventions that we would have made in U.S. Polo to 
deliver this kind of robust growth. So first, if you can elaborate a bit on 
distribution intervention that we would have made recently? And second, 
what is the white space or total universe, which is available the way you see 
it today, which gives you visibility of 2 to 3 years growth in this particular 
brand. 
Amisha Jain: 
The first part of your question was on distribution for U.S. Polo, right? 
Tejash Shah: 
Yes. 
Amisha Jain: 
So see, I think I'll kind of go back to again saying that  as a growth driver, 
there are a couple of things that we had called out. One is retail expansion. 
Second is kind of doubling down our focus on making sure that we drive retail 
efficiencies and hence, like-for-like growth. The third being digitization in 
general. 
 
And obviously, driving adjacent categories. Now when you apply this to U.S. 
Polo, it's firing on all these fronts. In terms of retail stores, we've been at a 
solid expansion trajectory. And by the end of this year, overall at a portfolio 
level, we will add net -- 1.5 lakh net square feet . 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
 
U.S. Polo obviously is driving a good chunk of this. At the end of the year, 
U.S. Polo will be at about 400-plus stores, and we would have added close to 
60 stores in U.S. Polo. Having said that, U.S. Polo is clocking very well in 
terms of the retail like-for-like also. Plus, on top of that, when we look at 
the online play in U.S. Polo, what we're doing is ensuring that the right 
product is reaching the consumer through this online channel as well. 
 
We are also seeing that the growth in online of U.S. Polo as a brand is pretty 
strong. All in all, if I were to look at it, our direct-to-consumer channel 
strategy is actually playing out really well for the brand. 
Tejash Shah: 
Perfect. And last one, if I may. How is the -- what's your read on the health 
of inventory and working capital as it's today? Because at least on paper, it 
looks like it has grown faster than 9 month revenue growth? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Yes, I will take that. You see we are perhaps at the best health of inventory. 
Our inventory, which is more than 2 years is lowest ever, in the last 3-4 years. 
Yes, I agree that the inventory levels seem a little higher, but please 
understand that we are nearing an election in Bangladesh in February. 
 
And to derisk some of those issues and almost 15% of our product comes from 
Bangladesh. So ,to derisk that, we actually took a conscious call to inward 
some of the inventory in late December, which is showing up. We believe 
that this is transitionary and as situation stabilizes, we will come back to 
normal inventory turns of between 3.8 to 4 somewhere there actually. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Kapadia 
Financial Services. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
A couple of questions from my end. You've been guiding and achieving the 
mid-teens growth over the last few quarters, and you've been talking about 
some of the tailwinds over the last few months. So given some of these 
tailwinds, shouldn't growth aspirations now be slightly higher than what we've 
been targeting and achieving of that broadly 11% to 14% sales growth range?  
 
And also, it will be helpful if you could comment on adjacent categories, how 
crucial is that to our growth strategy? What is the contribution of adjacent 
categories to our sales now? And lastly, what would top 10 cities be 
contributing to our overall sales? Those are my questions. 
Amisha Jain: 
Thanks for the question. When you look at our growth over the last 3 
quarters, and as you pointed out, we've shown significant momentum, and 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
that's also on the back of, again, the strategic growth drivers that we had set 
up. The team has been really focused on ensuring that we drive solid 
execution behind the strategy that we've kind of put together. 
 
Now we continue to be confident that we will be able to post double-digit 
growth for this year. As you mentioned, in terms of the tailwinds, which are 
external, the government stimulus and the GST rationalization, et cetera, 
we do believe that in the medium-term, that should help build the consumer 
demand, and we remain hopeful that will contribute as well. 
 
Having said that, I would still say that we are confident that we will start 
driving towards and we will maintain our trajectory of growth between 12% 
to 15%. We have been delivering at a little higher end of that. And given the 
growth drivers that are in place, we believe that we'll continue to clock in 
that direction. In terms of the second question that you asked around the 
adjacent categories. We are overall from a portfolio point of view; our 5 
brands are actually pretty solid. 
 
As I had mentioned last time as well, that for us, we do believe there is 
significant room for us to grow within this portfolio. And our other categories 
obviously are a key driver of that. Having said that, the mainstream business 
actually, which is more from an apparel point of view,  keeps clocking in the 
same range as well. 
 
Adjacent categories are critical because as you look at our brands, consumers 
are expecting this and our brands are more from a lifestyle positioning point 
of view, these are end-to-end brands. And hence, for us, the adjacent 
categories are critical. 
 
In terms of -- when I look at brand by brand, from a portfolio point of view, 
about 25%-odd of our portfolio sits within the adjacent categories, and this 
drives significant growth. We do believe that there is headroom for growth 
for the year. Footwear has come back to 20% plus and so is innerwear in that 
range. Women's apparel has clocked about 50% plus growth. With all this still 
women's apparel is very, very early days, but overall, our belief is that these 
are some of the growth drivers of the future. 
 
While we continue to drive it, I will still emphasize that our mainstream 
apparel point of view, it's quite heartening to see the way our brands have 
been growing in the men's apparel space as well. 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay. And if you could have that top 10 cities contributions from here on, 
how does growth pan across? Is it pan-India? Is it more aspirational? Is it 
beyond the top 20 cities? Some color or context will help. 
Amisha Jain: 
So overall, if you would look at our brand portfolio, we are present across 
about 150 cities. And we will close the year at about -- in the entire portfolio,  
with about 1,000-plus stores within our portfolio. We do believe there is a 
potential for us to expand within the top tier cities further, and we will only 
keep going in that direction. 
 
We will continue to improve the boxes, the size of the boxes and our retail 
expansion will continue from a net square feet addition as well So, from that 
perspective, to answer your question, we do have a focus on the top-tier 
cities, and we will continue. On the specifics, we will get back to you on 
those numbers. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Palash Kawale from Nuvama Asset 
Management. 
Palash Kawale: 
So my first question is on channel mix. So when do you see this growth in 
online B2C stabilizing or to reverse in this channel? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Sorry, just can you repeat the question? 
Palash Kawale: 
So my question was on channel growth. When do you see this growth in online 
B2C stabilizing? You have been growing pretty well in the channel. So when 
do you see the growth reversing to NIM? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Over the last 4 years, we have been actually trying to defocus on B2B while 
increasing our focus on B2C. The importance of both the channels will always 
remain. And as we go ahead, B2B is largely used during the large tower events 
plus some other events that are there. But B2C will be a continuous focus. 
And as of today, we see there's a big attraction and there seems to be quite 
a lot of natural demand, which is coming. 
 
So, we are currently clocking more than 50%. And yes, at some point, this 
will become stabilized, and we believe that it could be -- overall online 
growth will continue to grow at 20% to 30% year-on-year at least in the next 
near future. 
Palash Kawale: 
Yes. That's really helpful. And is this one of the biggest driver for gross margin 
expansion for you? 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
There is surely an advantage of increasing share of the B2C, whereas Amisha 
said earlier, we can control the pricing and discounting. However, I think a 
large part of our improvement is coming from both retail as well as B2C. 
Palash Kawale: 
So this expansion should continue going forward as well, right? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Yes. 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay. And next question was on -- can you -- can we see the success of 
adjacencies in other brands like Arrow and FM? Is that possible? 
Amisha Jain: 
See, like I said, every brand has its journey. And currently, we are building 
adjacent categories where we believe there is relevance, and we will 
continue to drive that. And the scope of that and the scale of that is 
something that we will drive from where the brand stands. As we are looking 
at Arrow and FM and we've been on this journey and Arrow is a little ahead 
of FM in terms of the direction and how the brand is now positioned and 
turned around. 
 
While we are on this journey, whenever it is relevant we will start driving 
additional sort of build-out of some of these other categories. But it's more 
to do with the way the brand is built out. And I wouldn't kind of have a -- say 
that all brands will kind of go at the same pace on that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Niraj from White Pine Investment 
Management. 
Niraj: 
Yes. I wanted to again get the like-for-like for the FM. Was it 11% or 17%? 
Amisha Jain: 
The like-for-like for FM is 17%. But like I had said earlier as well, I think we 
need to keep in mind that it's a very small part from a retail portfolio point 
of view. 
Niraj: 
Understood. And can you give the like-for-like for Arrow and the PVH brands? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
So usually, the brand-wise data, we don't share. I'm happy to connect with 
you offline so that we can discuss some of these. 
Niraj: 
The reason I was asking, I wanted to know on the -- at least the formal offtake 
in the market. How is it considering that there is some marriage season 
upcoming. 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Amisha Jain: 
Yes. When you look at the quarter, I mean, wedding season was earlier this 
year. And like I had mentioned, the formal -- I mean, for us, Arrow has been 
doing well. It's coming to the place slowly as we kind of drive the 
transformation of this brand, we are getting to a place and in a couple of 
seasons, we will see a shift there as well. We are seeing an offtake. 
 
But having said that, Arrow participates more from a formal wear point of 
view. And for us, the thing is that we partake in a very minimal level from a 
wedding perspective. So, our observation on a formal market would be only 
limited to the scope of what we cater to. 
Niraj: 
Okay. And last question on the margins. On -- I know you don't give brand, 
but can you give a color when these Arrow and FM can -- sorry, the Arrow 
and FM, yes, can breakeven or move to a reasonable number in EBITDA 
margins? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Arrow, as we speak, post-Ind AS is profitable. And obviously, there is a 
journey between the brands. Flying Machine, as we have said earlier also, it 
is still work in progress. And it is about 2 to 3 quarters behind Arrow. And we 
are hoping that end of next year, probably we'll see some EBITDA profitability 
in that brand. 
Niraj: 
Got it. So, once it stabilizes whenever a year down the line or so, where do 
you see the margins stabilizing at range? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Arrow can reach mid-single digit in my view, within a year and Flying 
Machine, as I said earlier, can near a breakeven number. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Ashutosh from ICICI Securities. 
Ashutosh: 
So ma'am, my question is on the overall demand scenario. So if we see that 
many of the value retailers have specifically highlighted that the demand is 
very soft and they have given reasons like it's like overall subdued demand 
along with the competition that is there. But for Arvind, like how is the 
premium segment performing? 
 
And also just want to add in this, one of the largest value retailer in quarter 
2 said that the initial GST benefits actually went to the large ticket items. 
And they said that it will gradually flow to the discretionary side like the 
apparel. So are you seeing any on-ground trends regarding that and overall 
premium segment, how it is doing the customer trends given it's almost like 
1 month has already passed in Q4? 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
Amisha Jain: 
Yes. For us we have been following a premiumization strategy, and that we 
have seen has been doing well. The demand from a consumer point of view 
has been pretty solid for our brands. And that stability we see, and we are 
expecting that to continue in Q4 as well. While it is only a few weeks into 
Q4, we remain hopeful that we should be maintaining our trajectory of 
growth in the 12% to 15% zone as we've communicated. 
I can't comment on the value retail part of it, but I will say that from a GST 
perspective, we do believe that some of these initiatives should come back 
to boosting demand in a positive way in the medium-term, while we may not 
have seen an immediate effect. 
Ashutosh: 
Okay. Understood, ma'am. And my next question is on the Q3 growth. So you 
said that there was some spillover from quarter 2. So what would be the 
normalized growth for Q3, like if you can exclude the spillover? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
The impact could be less than a percentage, I would say, not much. 
Amisha Jain: 
I think the way to read it would be if you look at MBO between Q2 and Q3, it 
would look at a normalized growth of MBO both put together. 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Andrey Purushottam from Cogito 
Advisors. 
Andrey Purushottam: Congratulations for a good set of numbers. I wanted to ask about margin 
levers on 4 sub-dimensions, okay? So I'll just take each of the sub dimensions 
one by one and ask you, if I may. Firstly, you mentioned operating leverage, 
right? Now I wanted to understand, apart from, let's say, the spreading out 
of overhead to a large number of stores, et cetera, what are your sources of 
operating leverage? And how do you see that panning out in the near future? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Okay. What is your next question? Keep going. 
Andrey Purushottam: Yes. Second question is maybe -- okay, the other 3 is premiumization. How 
important is premiumization to you? And how much is that contributing to 
margins? The third question is cost control. 
 
How important is cost control and where are the areas of cost control? And 
the fourth question is that if you're increasing percentage of online sales from 
the current 17% to whatever they might be in the future, how much will that 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
contribute to improving margins? And have I captured all the margin levers? 
Or are there any other significant margin levers that I have missed out on? 
Amisha Jain: 
I think at a broad level, I'll say that premiumization is a very important 
strategic lever. And when we look at our product portfolio across our brands, 
we have been driving a premiumization strategy. And what we have seen is 
that the consumer is responding well to that. Our brands are -- while they 
are premiumizing, the product market fit is quite phenomenal and our brands 
are all positioned in an aspirational part of their own individual segment, 
right? From that perspective, premiumization is a very critical part of our 
strategy. 
 
Overall, as we've also communicated that gross margin expansion is 
something that is -- and premiumization is kind of driving that as well. Our 
focus has been on both on product strategy, getting the right assortments 
out and ensuring that we are driving premium within that segment as well, 
right, while offering great value to the consumer. 
 
Further, this has led to GP improvement as we've worked on the COGS side 
of things. But at the same time, our focus has been to kind of continue to 
reduce discounting at an overall level as well. I think all in all, that part of 
the strategy kind of hits very hard. 
 
We've also maintained that as a company, we are very, very sharply focused 
on driving operating leverage. And hence, you will always see EBITDA growing 
faster than revenue, and that obviously brings into the question that you 
asked. Obviously, cost controls are part of it. We have seen over the last 2 
years, you've seen about 140 basis points sort of an improvement in margin 
expansion with our focus on cost and efficiencies, and that includes fixed 
costs, et cetera. So we continue to remain focused over that. 
 
We will keep driving it. As we drive our channel expansion, we do believe 
that Opex will remain in line, and that should lead to EBITDA expansion as 
well. So operating leverage kind of comes and flows from there as well. 
Andrey Purushottam: I'm sorry, I didn't get any specific answers to my questions. First of all, I asked 
about what is the source of your operating leverage. And in terms of 
premiumization, could you explain what is -- what are you doing actually in 
terms of your assortment, et cetera, that is leading to premiumization? What 
are your initiatives and cost control? And does the increasing percentage of 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
online sales increase your margins in any meaningful way? So I would request 
you to give some specific color on these questions. 
Amisha Jain: 
If I were to kind of go back to premiumization, we can talk about the 
merchandising strategy. For us, premiumization comes from 2 parts, How are 
you looking at the brand and elevating the product portfolio in general to 
ensure that the product mix is what is right from a consumer, from a market 
and a channel point of view. For us, premiumization comes in 2 lenses. 
 
One is a channel segmentation and ensuring that the product mix that we are 
aligning for that channel, for that particular store is matched to what the 
consumer segment is. And our merchandising strategy and our merchandising 
grid is getting more and more sharper and aligned to a sharper segment of a 
store of one. So that's one part of it. 
 
The second, from a premiumization point of view is, you will see significantly 
improved product and innovation being brought to the market. And that also 
at a very solid -- I kind of mentioned this earlier also, very, very solid product 
market fit over there. What we are offering from a price value equation point 
of view is also extremely good. 
 
While maintaining the aspirational portions of the brand, premiumization is 
being driven both from a product mix point of view, from the individual 
product and innovation offering point of view and how we are giving value to 
the consumer. That's all in all from a premiumization point of view. Does that 
help you? 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
If I could just come in here... 
Andrey Purushottam: I'm still not getting an answer of your -- the source of your operating leverage 
because I understand operating leverage a little better than the 
manufacturing situation? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
No, see I can answer... 
Amisha Jain: 
I think you asked 2 questions. We'll kind of park the premiumization part 
because you are talking about both in the same thread. So premiumization, 
I hope you understood that part of the merchandising strategy. And maybe 
we can park that question. 
Andrey Purushottam: No. What I've understood what you said on premiumization is that basically 
you are improving the product quality and you're improving innovation. That's 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
what I got, okay? I don't quite understand what's your linkage to 
merchandising to premiumization was, at least I didn't understand the 
connection? 
Amisha Jain: 
So if you want, we can have a separate conversation because I think 
merchandising is the key part of -- from a brand merchandising grid point of 
view and product mix and product innovation are key drivers. If you're trying 
to relate this back to manufacturing, maybe there could be a separate 
conversation on it. 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
If I could just come in here on a couple of examples of operating leverage in 
the business. I think first, on gross profit, one of the things we are seeing is 
constant sourcing advantage with scale. So, I think one of the ingredients 
into GP is when you have larger scale, you are able to get sourcing efficiency. 
 
And of course, as Amisha was saying, there's also -- we are working on better 
full price sell-through and bringing our discounting down. So that's not 
necessarily operating leverage, but that's one of the very large things that is 
going into GP enhancement today. 
 
On the sellex side, the best way to think about operating leverage is through 
the lens of productivity. When your LTL is very high, your store level fixed 
costs remain the same, but your revenue goes up faster. LTL, when it is in 
the high-single digits, you are getting operating leverage on your sellex, 
which is again, a good operating leverage point. 
 
And then below your channel margin is your overall company fixed costs. And 
we've reached a scale now where the fixed cost of the company will not in 
the years to come, grow as much as the scale of our CBA growth and our 
revenue growth. So that is a third source of operating leverage. So, at 3 
levels, you will be seeing operating leverage coming into the company. 
Andrey Purushottam: That helps. And in terms of cost control and in terms of percentage of online 
contribution, how does this -- what are the cost control initiatives that are 
still relevant to you apart from what you've already mentioned in this list? 
And in terms of does the percentage -- increasing percentage of online 
offering improve your gross margin? 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
Online -- and then Amisha can talk about cost. See, in online, we look at in 
all our channels, a metric called CBA, which is your contribution margin. And 
our online channel contribution is very similar to our offline direct 
contribution margin. So in terms of any shift between channels is not going 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
to have a very major impact on our overall EBITDA because they are similar 
from a channel profitability perspective. I hope that clears your question. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Pooja from in InCred Asset 
Management. 
Pooja: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. I just wanted to get some understanding 
on the ASP. So how is it balancing? Is it more towards the higher-end brands 
or the lower-end brands? If you could provide me some clarity on that? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Pooja, different brands have different positioning and Amisha can add. And 
Tommy, CK, of course, are in the premium segment. CK, we call it as a bridge 
to luxury. And Tommy is, of course, premium and different brands have 
different ASPs. If you could be more specific or we could, of course, catch 
up offline also, but we need more specific question. 
Pooja: 
So I need to ask that how is the overall ASP shaping up? Is it more towards 
the premium brands? Are they contributing more? Or is it the lower end 
brands that are contributing more? 
Amisha Jain: 
I think if you were to look at the portfolio, I mean, our portfolio outcome is 
an overall mix of the brands. And we have our brands that are staggered up 
from Flying Machine that is positioned as a denim-oriented youth brand to -- 
as we scale up to U.S. Polo's positioning, laddering up to Tommy and then to 
CK. So an individual brand from that perspective will sort of -- overall from 
a portfolio mix point of view, the ASP will obviously inch towards the 
weighted average of these brands as well. 
Pooja: 
Correct. So that's what I wanted to understand that. How is it -- how is the 
segment-wise from the higher-end brands or the lower-end brands? 
Amisha Jain: 
You are speaking segment-wise, which kind of segment are you speaking? 
Pooja, can we put this question offline a little better. Maybe we can connect 
with you, Girdhar can connect with you, and we can understand this better 
and maybe respond to you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Shreyans J from Swan Investments. 
Shreyans J: 
Yes. Amisha, this question is for you. So given your background, what in your 
sense is the market for denim in India? And when you sort of look at that 
market, barring Levi's, there has been no other brand which has been 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
constantly amongst the top 5. So I'm just trying to understand what we hear 
and read is the top 2, 3, 4, 5, that number keeps on changing? 
 
And when you look at the growth rates of Spykar, Killer, Lee, Wrangler, all 
of those brands and even if I include FM in that breadth, FM is at INR400 
crores for the last 4, 5 years. So what gives you the confidence that the 
initiatives that you take will actually drive growth from here on? Because in 
the past also, we've done a lot of things in the FM piece, but something sort 
of doesn't work out. So I just wanted to understand, is it a category problem? 
Is it a brand problem? What is actually happening underneath? 
Given the denim category in general, we do believe that we have actually a 
very solid opportunity ahead of us. At the same time, our brands are very 
well positioned to cater to that category. Even if I were to just talk about 
our entire casual wear portfolio, which is laddering up from Flying Machine 
to U.S. Polo to Tommy and to CK, denim as a category, we are looking to 
serve that. 
 
And we believe that we have an opportunity to lead in each of these 
consumer demand spaces at that consumer cohort, we believe that we can 
kind of drive to a #1 player in all of these spaces. Now coming back to the 
specific question the way we will go about building our brands is we are 
ensuring that we are catering to the consumers specific consumer need. 
 
And that's the first step of it. And then what we will line up is 3 big things, 
which will yield the results that we're seeking. I think it's important that we 
have the right product portfolio, and we feel extremely confident that with 
Flying Machine, we've kind of homed in on and as I've seen now the recent 
season, we've honed in on what the right product portfolio is from a consumer 
point of view. We're building out the assortment and ensuring that our -- 
overall, our merchandising strategy is aligned from that consumer profile 
point of view. That's step one. 
 
Step 2 is we're also sharpening the way we serve and reach our consumer. 
And that is another critical piece of it. How do you speak to that consumer? 
How do we serve that consumer is an important part. We are doubling down 
on our marketing capabilities and going after this part of it. 
 
I have spoken about this earlier as well. As part of our strategy, we are 
ensuring that we are going to segment the market. We're going to make sure 
that we are going to start communicating in a sharper manner and in a more 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
current digitally oriented world and this consumer, we're going to kind of 
drive that as well. The way we are going to build the brand is going to be a 
second significant piece of how we will go about it. The third is ensuring that 
we are serving the consumer through the channel of choice. 
 
This consumer fits within a certain type of channels, and we want to make 
sure that we are catering to that consumer that way as well. So how do we 
go about the social media strategy? How do we go about our digital strategy? 
How do we make sure that our digital commerce, our retail is lined up to 
serving the consumer as well. So that's what we're after. 
 
And you'll see us come out from a brand point of view in a sharper way. 
Having said all of that, brands are built over a period. And us -- what we are 
now seeking to do is build this consistency -- and consistently season over 
season, ensuring that we have a sharp brand positioning, and we continue to 
cater to that consumer, with the right cultural books, with the right medium 
of communicating with the consumer. So, to the question you're asking, I'm 
extremely confident and bullish. I do believe that we have a great 
opportunity to take on this market. 
 
We do believe that building out a brand of India and building out this brand 
for the youth is also going to be a solid positioning and the future of Flying 
Machines. Having said that, I do believe our brand like U.S. Polo, Tommy and 
CK are all extremely well positioned to service the consumer cohorts they 
service -- service that consumer from a particular price point perspective as 
well. 
Shreyans J: 
Okay. And my second and last question is, when you look at the overall 
business, last 2 years, if I just dial back, 4.5% growth and FY '25, 8.5% growth. 
And obviously, U.S. Polo. 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. If you have any more 
questions, please feel free to reach out to us, and we would be happy to 
answer them offline. Requesting Danish to close the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Arvind Fashion Limited, that conclude this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
