 
 
 
 
 
TRIVENI TURBINE LIMITED 
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office 
401, BPTP Capital City, Sector 94,  
Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201 301   
Telephone: +91 120 4848000 
                                       
 
Peenya – Manufacturing Facility 
12-A, Peenya Industrial Area, Peenya, 
Bengaluru, Karnataka - 560 058                       
Telephone: +91 80 22164000 
 
 
Sompura – Manufacturing Facility 
491, Sompura 2nd Stage KIADB, Sompura Industrial Area, 
Nelamangala Taluk, Bengaluru, Karnataka - 562 123 
Telephone: +91 80 28060700 
 
CIN: L29110UP1996PLC041834, Website: www.triveniturbines.com 
 
By E-filing 
 
REF: TTL: SE: 02/06                                                        
               Date: February 10, 2026 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Thru: BSE Listing Centre 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited       
Exchange Plaza,   
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai 
- 400 051 
Thru: NEAPS 
STOCK CODE:  533655 
STOCK CODE: TRITURBINE 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors’/ Analysts’ Conference call held on February 4, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the earnings conference call held on February 4, 2026 for investors/analysts in 
respect of the standalone and consolidated unaudited financial results of the Company for the 
3rd quarter and nine months ended on December 31, 2025. 
 
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website at www.triveniturbines.com.  
 
You are requested to take this information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours’ faithfully 
For Triveni Turbine Limited  
 
 
 
 
Pulkit Bhasin 
Company Secretary 
M. No. A27686 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
PULKIT 
BHASIN
Digitally signed by 
PULKIT BHASIN 
Date: 2026.02.10 
17:57:47 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
Triveni Turbine Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Triveni Turbine 
Limited Q3 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an 
operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day, everyone, and a warm welcome to all of you participating in the 
Q3 and nine months FY 2026 earnings conference call of Triveni Turbine 
Limited.  
 
We have with us today on the call, Mr. Nikhil Sawhney, Vice Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. S.N. Prasad, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Sachin 
Parab, Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Lalit Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. Manikantan Rajendran, Chief Marketing Officer; Ms. Shreya Sharma, 
Head of Investor Relations and Value Creation and Mr. Amit Shah from the 
Investor Relations team. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in 
today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature, and a statement to 
this effect has been included in the invite, which was mailed to everybody 
earlier. 
 
I would now like to emphasize that while this call is open to all invitees, it 
may not be broadcasted or reproduced in any form or manner. We will 
start this call with opening remarks from the management, following 
which we will have an interactive question-and-answer session. 
 
I now request Mr. Nikhil Sawhney to share some perspectives with you 
with regard to the operations and outlook for the business. Over to you, 
Mr. Sawhney. 

 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you, Rishab. Firstly, I don't know if you're very audible. Possibly 
you're taking this on your mobile, so I'll repeat it for all the other audience 
that we have, Mr. S. N. Prasad, our CEO, Mr. Sachin Parab, our COO, Mr. 
Lalit Agarwal, our CFO, Mr. Manikantan, who is our Chief Marketing 
Officer, Ms. Shreya Sharma, who I'll introduce later, who's joined us 
recently as our Investor Relations and Value Creation Head, as well as Mr. 
Amit Shah, who is part of the Investor Relations team and was assisting in 
this role in the interim.  
 
So firstly, a very warm welcome to you, ladies and gentlemen. We're very 
pleased to report the fact that we have the highest ever revenue and 
EBITDA in this third quarter of FY 2026, where revenue stood at ₹6.24 
billion and EBITDA at ₹1.54 billion. Turnover was higher by 24% year-over-
year on the quarter, and EBITDA was higher by 16.9% year-over-year. The 
profit before tax and before exceptional items was higher by 15.3%, and 
after taking an impact, which is non-recurring in nature for the wage code-
related exceptional charge of ₹15.7 crores, we had a PAT of ₹917 million, 
which is 1% lower than at the same quarter of the previous year. 
 
As we've spoken about in previous quarters, we had anticipated a growth 
in turnover in Q3, and this is something that, as we had said, would reflect 
in the nine-month results as a catch-up and exceeding results would 
happen by Q4. In the nine months results, as you would see, we have a 
largely flattish or maybe 2.3% increase in turnover in the nine-month 
period, while EBITDA and PBT, before exceptional items, are largely flat. 
 
This gives you an indication of where the company stands in its growth for 
the current financial year and the optimism that we have in terms of the 
growth for the current financial year, which will be impacted by a slower 
Q1 and Q2, by a slower order booking and book and bill that we'll have for 
the current year. At the same point in time, this current quarter was 
impacted by a lower dispatch in the Aftermarket, which, as you can see 
has impacted the overall margin for the company. But we're confident 
that we will revert to our usual status in the quarters to come. The current 
quarter also did have a significant amount of billing from our NTPC 
project, which is a slightly lower margin. 
 
But having said that, the company is quite consistent and confident on 
not only the margin profile and the growth for this coming year, but the 
growth in the coming year as well. Growth in the coming year, as you 
would imagine, would be driven by order booking, and our order booking 
for the current quarter was down by about 26% on a year-on-year basis. 
This was severely impacted by certain orders that we had on hand, which 
would have allowed our order booking for the quarter to be 
commensurate with previous quarters. But unfortunately, those advances 
were not taken at the quarter end, and so therefore could not be 
accounted in our policy by which we record orders. 
 

 
Page 3 of 25 
 
Having said that, we are confident in the current quarter that we would be 
able to exceed our previous quarter's order booking. And this is despite 
the spillover of the order booking that I just talked about. Having said that, 
the orders continue to come from a variety of different sectors. The 
domestic market as well as the export market present both opportunities 
as well as certain uncertainties in terms of order finalisation. We find that 
both within the aftermarket of refurbishment as well as spares. 
 
But having said that, certain uncertainties seem to have been lifted with 
the reduction in the duty structure for the United States for our products, 
which will now revert to an 18% duty. And so, we'll give some more colour 
around how we see the buildup of our enquiry book, as well as the order 
book, as we get into the question and answers. The company continues to 
focus on expansion of its capabilities in research and development, as 
well as in terms of focusing on commercialisation of its newer products 
and technologies. Our heat pumps now have an enquiry book well in 
excess of 100, and we're quite confident of hitting that market in a manner 
with great focus. We've already received our first order for this, and we'll 
be happy to share some more details about that. But our other products 
of MVRs, etc continue to do well.  
 
Our confidence in the Refurbishment space continues to remain very 
consistent, given our engineering capabilities, which stretch not only from 
the steam turbine line, but to other rotating equipment. And we feel that 
the coming quarters will give us confidence in terms of being able to 
secure more orders in both larger scale utility turbines, as well as in other 
rotating equipments, including both gas and other geothermal 
applications. 
 
Our HR continues to perform exceedingly well, and we are confident in 
not only our intake of fresh GTs, but also in terms of the retention that we 
have of our high calibre workforce. The quality system that we have in 
place are well regarded by our customer, and we feel that the recently 
concluded Net Promoter Score study seems to indicate that our customer 
satisfaction is at an all-time high.  
 
So, with that, I would be happy to take some questions. I wanted to 
introduce Shreya Sharma, who has joined as our Head of Investor 
Relations and Value Creation. And she brings an extensive experience of 
investor engagement and capital markets and will lead the interaction 
with the investor community. Shreya, maybe you can introduce yourself 
and tell people how they can contact you. 
 
Shreya Sharma: 
Sure. Yeah, hello and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining 
the call. Thank you, Nikhil, for the warm introduction. As I joined Triveni 
Group, I'm truly excited about collaborating with all of you. With my 
background in investment engagement and capital markets, I look 
forward to fostering a transparent and continuous partnership. Together, 

 
Page 4 of 25 
 
we will work towards unlocking the value and drive meaningful growth. I'm 
thrilled to be in board and, I'm eager to get started.  
 
For any further connections and discussions, please feel free to reach out 
to me at ir@triveniturbines.com or shreya.sharma@triveniturbines.com. 
Thanks. With that, I hand over the call to the moderator for the Q&A 
session. 
 
Moderator: 
Sure, thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from Harshit Patel, from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Hi, thank you very much for the opportunity. Firstly, based on the market 
conditions in your end-use industry domestically, namely steel, cement, 
sugar, pharma, chemicals, etc and based on your current enquiry book 
level, what kind of orders growth you expect to register in fourth quarter, 
as well as for the full year, FY 2027 from the domestic market? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, Q1 and Q2 of this current financial year from the domestic market 
was, did have very good growth. From overall perspective, we are 
forecasting the company having a growth in order booking in FY 2026 
compared to FY 2025. I'll ask Mani to provide a little bit more colour. Or 
maybe I'll ask Prasad first to talk about the first nine months order 
booking, and then Mani can provide some more clarity around order 
booking for Q4 and going forward. So, Prasad, first, if you could provide 
some colour on the domestic and export market? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes. So domestic market-wise,what we have seen is that  all the industry 
segments starting from food processing industry, chemical, sugar, 
distilleries, steel and cement are contributing in almost  equal 
proportions  there. Even first nine months when we see, these are the 
things in addition to that. In addition to that, we have also seen some 
orders for drive turbines for feed‑water pumps. So that's the way how we 
noticed in domestic market. And based on the current enquiry pipeline 
what we feel is our domestic market going to grow further in Q4. So, with a 
year-on-year growth of something like a double-digit growth, what we are 
expecting. We have to wait and see how the Q4 inquiries getting converted 
into that. 
 
Coming to the international markets, yes, there is a little dip in 
international markets, even though enquiry pipeline is strong, it is taking 
time for converting those enquiries into orders. So, wherever we 
converted, those are all, municipal solid waste-based, power projects 
and some of these, again, process industry, process cogeneration 
industry enquiries are also piling up. So based on that, what we believe is, 
overall, definitely there is a sizable increase in the market size, what we 
are expecting. Mani, you would like to add? 
 

 
Page 5 of 25 
 
Manikantan Rajendran: 
Yeah. This is Mani. So, in terms of sector-wise, we find steel, cement are 
propelling very well, and also with our main product lines like sugar, 
distilleries, those are also picking. We see a lot of amount of 
opportunities. And in terms of enquiry pipeline, we have quite a bit robust 
pipeline going forward. We are waiting for these enquiries to be translated 
into orders in Q4. So, we expect healthy number, as reported by Nikhil and 
Prasad to close the year with a healthy number from domestic market. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood. Secondly, can you share an update on the orders received 
and the outlook for the new solution that we have introduced this year, 
mainly CO2-based heat pump, as well as Mechanical Vapor 
Recompression (MVR) compressors? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah, I talked about this in our introductory remarks. The enquiries for 
both of these segments are very positive, and we have actually expanded. 
I mean, we have got orders in these new product segments. These new 
products allow us to really bring to market our technical capabilities and 
our engineering capabilities. They will not be meaningful from a 
perspective of turnover for the company, I think, for a couple of years. But 
having said that, they will provide us greater opportunity to access 
customers, be closer to our customers, and to build greater technical 
relationships with them. Prasad, do you want to talk about the heat pump 
solutions that we have and how they did? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes. Heat pumps wise, there's a good traction, right now we mentioned 
that. There's a good enquiry pipeline is getting built up. We got the first of 
its kind order, which will be executed in FY 2027. By seeing the traction 
and, since the demo unit also we established here, so a lot of customers 
visiting and enquiry pipeline is building up, we are confident FY 2027, we'll 
be able to get a good traction on that.  
 
Coming to MVR, initial orders we picked up, are sizable around seven, 
eight orders, which are under execution. That also we expect to 
commission those things in FY 2027. And MVR being a very, very adjacent 
product line, the customer is showing a lot of interest on that. These two, 
we believe FY 2027 will be a good year. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood. Then lastly, a bookkeeping one. What is the loss posted by 
the U.S. subsidiary in the nine-month FY 2026? And also, if you can share 
the performance of South African subsidiary as well, that will be helpful. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The loss of the U.S. subsidiary was, I believe, ₹21.7 crores in the nine 
months period. Lalit, can you confirm that? 
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So, the loss for nine months is around ₹21 crores. It is right, that's the right 
number. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. Now, having said that, obviously, you bring up a point that our 
standalone profitability of the business is significantly higher on a margin 

 
Page 6 of 25 
 
perspective. And we are, again, for the second year in a row, absorbing 
both overhead and other costs from the U.S. subsidiary. I'll ask Mani to 
talk a little bit about the outlook for the U.S. subsidiary, and the enquiry 
base that we have there. And then we'll look at South Africa separately.  
 
So, Mani, can you first talk about the U.S. subsidiary in terms of how 
you're looking at both the Refurbishment and Aftermarket, as well as the 
new product enquiry base? 
 
Manikantan Rajendran: 
Yeah. In case of enquiries for the new product, there has been a 
substantial increase in the number of enquiries, mainly from the data 
centres, SMRs, and we are also getting enquiries on our key products like 
steel, cement, and paper and pulp. With the tariffs now coming down, we 
should be well placed to convert these enquiries. While they were there, 
because of the tariffs, there has been a delay in the decision-making, but 
with the now tariffs coming down, things could be materialising in the 
coming quarters.  
 
With respect to Refurbishments, there has been proposals and enquiries 
from the geothermal plants as well as the IPPs. We not only for the steam 
turbine, but also for other rotating equipment. So, we are focusing on 
those with our shops. We are seeing traction when customers are visiting 
our factories, and we see good traction going forward. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you. On the South Africa subsidiary question, as you know and as 
we've reported, we've taken complete 100% control of TSE Engineering, 
which has been reported to the exchanges. And we would look at unifying 
our operations in the South African market. Of course, with this unified 
approach, we would be expanding the scope from the SADC region to 
Sub-Saharan Africa and see a great scope of growth of both new product 
as well as Aftermarket business in the African market. Again, Prasad, can 
you provide some visibility on both the Aftermarket scope through the 
South African subsidiary? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yeah. South African subsidiary, as we are increasing the scope to Sub-
Saharan Africa. So, there's a good refurbishment opportunities pipeline 
there with the experience from Eskom that we'll be taking to other African 
countries. So, with this unified approach, so both refurb and the service 
opportunity pipeline is building up. So, FY 2027 will be interesting year for 
that with the focused efforts. Africa, we are quite bullish on that, 
especially on the utility segment of Refurbishment. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Amit Anwani from PL Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. First question on the delayed dispatches 
which started at the beginning of the year, and I assume that, there has 
been a good recovery this quarter on that. Wanted to understand what 

 
Page 7 of 25 
 
portion has already been dispatched and what is the status on delays in 
dispatches?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah, so first, let me finish your first question, which is on delays. Some of 
the delays will not be able to be caught up. But as you see from the nine-
month performance, we're about flat from a nine-month basis, and as 
we've suggested that the growth would really come back ended, and so it 
will come in Q4. So, while we've had a record turnover and profitability in 
Q3, we expect Q4 to be another record and a much more significant 
record. 
 
But as you would imagine, it's difficult to catch up all the growth and to 
exhibit that in Q4 itself. There are pressures in terms of ensuring that we 
don't compromise our balance sheet and payment terms just to dispatch 
orders, as well as the availability of raw materials, which is required for 
final assembly, and the availability of customers for inspections. But 
keeping all of that in mind, the team is quite alive to these risks and is 
quite confident that we will end the year on the high that we are 
forecasting. This will be not only from a revenue perspective and 
profitability perspective, but also for order booking. We believe that these 
deferments of orders, which we didn't receive advances for, will come in 
into this Q4. And the normal order booking that we were expecting from 
Q4 would only allow us to exceed any previous quarter in terms of order 
booking. 
 
Having said that, what you would recognise in this current financial year is 
the lumpiness of the way that orders come in and the lumpiness by which 
revenue is both accounted for and billed. This is happening because as 
we approach newer market segments and larger turbine orders, this will 
make the business a little bit more lumpy until our turnover reaches a 
higher level where these orders become more routine. We believe that 
this lumpiness will continue into a bit of FY '27, though on a year-on-year 
basis, the growth will be fine. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Sure. So, second question on this EU FTA, which has been done. So, first, 
any colour, what was kind of tariff, if at all you were paying for your 
products? And does it change the scope for you in terms of any new 
geographies, which are probably because of tariffs, you were not able to 
go? So just wanted to understand what could be the positive, negative 
impact of EU tariffs and any scope change with respect to markets or 
geography there, yeah. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you. You bring up an interesting question because Europe has 
always been a large market for Triveni Turbine. We've had our technical 
solutions there in a variety of different sectors, the largest being municipal 
solid waste incineration, as well as other biomass-based applications, 
which is very much in the fixed capital formation that Europe is pushing, 
which is towards a more renewable future. So, we've always had a good 
market share. Europe has always constituted a good part of our order 

 
Page 8 of 25 
 
booking as well as enquiry book. So, with this FTA, what we hope is that it 
reinvigorates fixed capital formation. But from a direct trade with Triveni 
Turbine, we were not prohibited earlier, and we don't see any distinct 
advantages from a tariff perspective. 
 
What we do believe is that possibly signing with this, some labour mobility 
in terms of servicing will improve, as well as certain orders from a 
Refurbishment perspective. But having said that, while Europe has had a 
very strong role in our enquiry book, what we're very enthused by which 
Mani also did point out, was that the U.S. also is exhibiting a very large 
enquiry book for us. Now, this has not translated into order finalisations in 
the U.S., but we're hopeful in the coming months and quarters that this 
will lead to quite substantial business, where the U.S. can take a mainstay 
in both our order booking as well as order execution. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Sure. Just a follow-up. So, is it fair to assume that the export still will be 
better growth than the domestic business for next two, three years? 
Probably maybe between 15%, 20% for exports growth. Is it something we 
are eyeing, since now U.S. probably is better off after the tariff reduction, 
and Europe also, we saw dispatches and lot of challenges three, four 
quarters. So, are things normalising, let's say in next two, three quarters, 
and then we are back to decent growth in exports? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, so exports is always going to be a focus for us, both from new 
products as well as from the Aftermarket side. And we have some very 
good orders in newer application areas, such as geothermal, etc., which 
will come through in Q4, which will be quite landmark for the company, 
both as well as aftermarket orders and refurbishment orders in the export 
side. 
 
Now, you bring up a difficult question because we believe that the 
domestic market presents very good growth opportunities as well. One 
will be in our historic business of steam turbines for applications in 
industries of process cogeneration as well as steel and cement, as well as 
some renewable energy-based applications. But also, in terms of newer 
applications that we had, as you know, our domestic order booking in  
FY '25 included an order from NTPC for a carbon dioxide-based power 
plant. 
 
Now, we have, while that plant is still to be commissioned and that will 
happen in FY '27, the confidence on the execution of that could possibly 
lead to more orders, which will then present a different market 
opportunity for the domestic market. But we're quite hopeful that that or 
similar schemes will come about in FY '27 as well. So that, coupled with 
the fact that we are seeing growth in the export market, maybe the 
differential will not change from this 55% export, 45% domestic. That is 
my feeling from an order booking perspective. 
 
Prasad, do you want to add any colour on this percentage? 

 
Page 9 of 25 
 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
I agree. More or less, both the domestic and export market also 
expanding. I agree, more or less we'll be at around that, 55%-45% level. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Understood. So, kind of parallel growth you might be looking for export 
and domestic. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. It will be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Yeah. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
But that is to be expected. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Yeah, but at least a double-digit plus, just in understanding with a two, 
three years perspective, not the next year. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, two, three year perspective, we expect the exports to meaningfully 
grow. We think that the export, the global market is obviously significantly 
larger than the Indian market by itself, and our penetration from a market 
share perspective is obviously lower. So, we have much more to grow and 
gain there, both in terms of a greater market reach, greater product fit and 
profile with our customers, as well as greater credibility as we 
commission more and more projects and get closer to our customers. So 
of course, the export market always presents us with greater 
opportunities. It's also a market that is of keen focus to us, because not 
only does it allow us to validate our competitiveness of the product from a 
cost and technology viewpoint, but also it is more lucrative from a margin 
perspective. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Chirag Muchhala from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Yeah, thank you. Just to continue on the conversation on exports, so we 
understand that the opportunity is very large, but just in terms of regional 
flavour, so last two, three quarters, there's some softness in order inflow, 
which is due to tariff-related uncertainties and delay in finalisation. So, is 
it restricted to one or two specific geographies, or are you seeing this 
trend, I mean, broad-based? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It's very difficult to say, but I'll let Mani comment on this also. But what 
we're finding is things that were hot and on the table that are getting 
deferred from finalisation, and those which were cold are suddenly 
coming up and getting finalised very quickly also. So, there's no 
consistency in the market, actually. That is what is the real reading. I find 
that overall, there is greater push into it. 
 
Moderator: 
Participants, please stay connected. We seem to have lost the line for the 
management. 
Please 
stay 
connected 
while 
we 
reconnect 
the 
management. Ladies and gentlemen, please stay connected. Ladies and 

 
Page 10 of 25 
 
gentlemen, thank you for patiently holding your lines. We have the line for 
the management reconnected. Over to you. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I apologise for that. I hope that you got the understanding. If you could 
carry on with your question? 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Yeah. So, I was just clarifying that whether this exports softness in inflow 
over the past two, three quarters is because of any specific region where 
order finalisations are getting delayed, or is it a broad-based trend that 
you are seeing? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
What I said to you is that I think that there is definitely uncertainty in 
finalising orders. I think broadly speaking, you see we have three product 
lines that we cater to in the export market. One is obviously the products, 
and there they're split between both applications as well as geographies. 
Then we'd have our Refurbishment solutions, which are based on 
capabilities that we have, as well as proximity to customers. And then you 
have the spares business, which is based on installed base. 
 
Now, the spares business is somewhat more consistent in terms of 
demand, but it would present, I would say, a lower aspirational growth 
trajectory, because you can't push excess sales there. The Refurbishment 
side has providing us very good enquiries, and it will be lumpy in terms of 
the way the orders come in, because they are larger in scope. 
 
On the product side itself, it depends from geography-to-geography. 
We've traditionally been. For example, we saw softness in Southeast Asia, 
but in newer applications such as geothermal, we're finding very good 
reception from that market. Now, depends on how demand is coming up.  
 
Mani, do you want to add a little bit more colour into what I just said? 
 
Manikantan Rajendran: 
Yeah, apart from tariff, what we see is also the geopolitical issues, which 
is holding back the decision making. So that is what is getting into the 
order finalisation. Now, with one-by-one getting released, more or less 
going forward, we think the order finalisation time, which is now taking 
more time would reduce. This is what we say. 
 
And with respect to your market, as Nikhil said, Southeast Asian market, 
in terms of the existing product, yes, there has been a delay in decision 
making. However, with newer products, we find there have been good 
traction. And in the Middle East and Europe, it is mainly on the 
geopolitical. On the America, it's on the tariff. So, these are the things 
which is holding back the customers. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. Thanks. And secondly, since in FY '27, a large part of NTPC order 
would get commissioned, and also currently our order book mix has 
shifted in favour of domestic, since the domestic inflow have been better 
over the last three, four quarters. So, do you see any risk in our existing 

 
Page 11 of 25 
 
EBITDA margin for FY '27 specifically, since it will be NTPC and domestic 
market heavy? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, you see for the nine months, we've already had about ₹70 odd crores 
of billing NTPC in the current quarter. We'll have 50% of the revenue 
recognition of NTPC within this financial year, 50% in the next financial 
year. What you find in the nine-month period is that our EBITDA margin is 
quite consistent between FY '26 and '25, from a nine-month perspective.  
 
 
 
We always think that our margins are quite comfortable. It will change 
quarter-to-quarter and the amounts that we may bill from an order like 
NTPC, but it will not have any significant movement on our margins. It will 
move around. Traditionally, yeah, we've always said that it will be above 
20% on a PBT basis, and we continue to maintain that. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Saif Sohrab Gujar from ICICI 
Prudential Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Saif Sohrab Gujar: 
Thank you for the opportunity. First question is, maybe I missed it, could 
you just repeat 4Q order inflow expectation on both export and domestic 
scale? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Can you repeat that question again? Export and domestic for which 
period? 
 
Saif Sohrab Gujar: 
For 4Q, I think you mentioned about the order inflows, right? After having 
3Q, which was lower. What sort of order inflows on domestic and export 
do we see? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, we had an order booking in Q3 of ₹391 billion, which I want to say is 
about ₹200 plus crores short of what our average has been in the previous 
quarters. And that is exactly the quantum of orders that were sort of 
deferred because of non-receipt of advance. We expect that in coming 
Q4, we would be able to sort of make that up, as well as revert to our sort 
of normal average order booking. 
 
So, when we look at Q4, both from a domestic and export perspective, we 
expect Q4 to be much more export oriented in terms of the orders that we 
would get, which would revert then our order booking position to our 
historic, go to our recent averages, which is more skewed towards export. 
 
Saif Sohrab Gujar: 
And second thing, on the one of your earlier remarks on U.S. markets, 
there was a mention of enquiries and products, which include even the 
data centre part. So, can you highlight, are these part of the combined 
cycle plans for the steam turbines or something else? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, yes, you bring up an interesting point, and I'll let Mani speak about 
this. There are a very, very large number of enquiries. What we found is 
that, given the fact that gas turbine manufacturers are booked out for five 

 
Page 12 of 25 
 
years, there is a tendency of players or developers to look for combined 
cycle applications where, because of the non-availability of capital 
infrastructure from the gas turbine side. Now, to what extent will this 
fructify into orders? We're also waiting for that. There is permitting issues 
which take more time on steam turbines than with gas. But having said 
that, there is some traction in the market because there is a very large 
appetite from the U.S. market for energy.  
 
Mani, do you want to add on anything as to how you're seeing the data 
centre business in the U.S.? 
 
Manikantan Rajendran: 
Yeah, I think you addressed it, entirely. Yes, so long it has been always a 
simple cycle. Customer is now looking at combined cycles and as an 
avenue because most of the gas turbine manufacturers are fully loaded, 
so that is where the enquiries are coming in. How far it is going to get 
translated is a question which we are also looking, and we are discussing 
with customers. 
 
Saif Sohrab Gujar: 
Just to understand the quantum, how large can be each of these? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I'm sorry, what do you mean how large will each of these be, like in terms 
of value of megawatts? 
 
Saif Sohrab Gujar: 
Yeah. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Our enquiry book is extremely large. Even if all of these orders fructify, I 
think from a conservative viewpoint, we wouldn't see the U.S. at its 
maximum potential exceed 20% of our order book. So, if that's a 
roundabout way of giving you an answer, it is significant, but it's not. At 
this point in time, the way that we look at it from the short term, which is 
FY '27 and Q4 of FY '26, it cannot be that material. I think these orders will 
take longer to finalise than just this short one quarter, one year. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Deepesh Agarwal from UTI Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Yeah. Hi, Nikhil, just one clarification. You mentioned that FY '26 will see 
an order inflow growth. But if, even if I take a flat number for a full year, 
that implies a 25% growth for 4Q, despite a large NTPC order in 4Q base. 
Is that understanding correct? Even on that base, you will be growing at 
25%? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I just said 20%. There will be growth on order booking in FY '26 over FY '25. 
I didn't fully follow your point about 20%. 
 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Yeah, I think last year 4Q had a NTPC order in the base also, so that's a 
large order inflow.  
 

 
Page 13 of 25 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, I mean, the fact is that may be in a one-off order, but when we say 
lumpiness just means that they come in different quarters than the way 
that they get executed. I think it's, we don't look at NTPC as a one-off 
because we think that we do have a product within that application line, 
which is for energy storage, and we look forward to more orders from that 
space. So, despite that, we look at the order booking in FY '25 of ₹2,300 
plus crores as being the base for us to grow off in FY '26. 
 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sure. The other thing is, I think last four years you were growing at 20% 
plus kind of a run rate, and in some of the calls you also mentioned that 
potentially we may continue such growth rates for a couple of years, given 
strong demand. I understand this is a year where we are seeing a lot of 
difference. Should we emphasise Triveni going back to these kinds of 
growth rates from next year, given the demand is still strong as per your 
commentary? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, to be frank, we can only execute what orders we have in hand. So, 
since you asked a very plain question, let me answer it in as, without 
giving guidance, as plain in a way that I can, explain it. This current year, 
we should see a double-digit growth in top line. Margins will get impacted 
a little bit because of NTPC, also because of the fact that we took this 
exceptional one-time write-off. But having said that, in general, the growth 
will be commensurate with the fact that we had uncertainty, in order 
booking as well and deferment in terms of execution. 
 
For FY 2027, as we come into that year with a strong order book, we 
should look at, commensurate if not slightly higher growth than we had in 
FY 2026. But our order booking projections for FY 2027, lead us to believe 
that we should be reverting to a normalised growth rates of what we spoke 
about, starting FY 2028 onwards. 
 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sure, sure. And lastly, if you can add some more colour on the U.S. plants 
and now with the trade deal being signed, how you think the U.S. subsidy 
panning out over the next, two to three years? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
As you've seen that we've incurred over ₹20 crore losses in both FY 2025 
and FY 2026 for our U.S. subsidiary. And so, our overhead absorption 
there has been based on the fact that we have confidence in that market, 
and it's exhibited by a very strong enquiry book that we have from that 
market. It's multi-hundred million dollars that we have in that market from 
enquiry base, and so we're quite confident that those will translate into 
orders. As uncertainty dies with trade as to how we would actually supply 
from India, both for product as well as for the Aftermarket, including 
Refurbishment, I think the U.S. will add incrementally more to our order 
book. 
 
Given the fact that the tariff has come down, it's a little premature for us 
to see how quickly this will translate into orders, but what we can say is 
that it will translate quicker than what we were assuming a quarter or two 

 
Page 14 of 25 
 
ago. So, if I look two, three years down the line, I feel that the U.S. market 
should contribute meaningfully to Triveni's both top line and bottom line. 
Of course, we already have Turbines and Refurbishment business that's 
happening here. Do you want to add anything to this, Prasad or Sachin? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
As you rightly mentioned, yes, enquiry pipeline is strong, and market 
acceptability is picking up in that, based on the enquiry pipeline and what 
customers visit our facility and all. So that is, as you mentioned, that, yes, 
this is going to be a good opportunity market for us, going forward, but it is 
taking a little longer time than anticipated. Sachin, you want to add? 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Yeah, just adding on to what Prasad and the CMD has said, although the 
order finalisations have taken longer, but whatever few orders have been 
executed by our U.S. facility, it has found good acceptance, and the 
satisfaction level of our customers are really very encouraging. And that is 
resulting in repeat orders from the customers and therefore creating the 
opportunity for good references for new enquiries to be generated. So, 
while on the short term, the performance is not something to write home 
about, but in the short term to medium term, I think the outlook is very 
bright. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Amit Mahawar from UBS. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Amit Mahawar: 
Yeah. Hi, Nikhil. I just have quick two, three questions. First is, if I heard it 
right, even if I exclude NTPC broadly, I think you meant 10% growth on the 
ex of NTPC orders for this year. That was right? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah, we're projecting growth in order booking for this current financial 
year. I couldn't, I'm sorry, I'm just taking this on my mobile. I couldn't hear 
that fully. 
 
Amit Mahawar: 
Yeah, no problem. So even if I exclude the ₹2.9 billion, this is more 
excluding ₹2.9 billion in Q4 last year order? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, I'm trying to say that as you should not exclude it, because it's not. We 
are not looking at that as a one-time order. We would aim to get more 
orders on the same application as well from the same customer, given the 
performance of the plant. And all indications are that the plant will 
perform to its best. 
 
Amit Mahawar: 
That is okay. That is very clear, Nikhil. That is very clear. Thank you. 
Second question is maybe if Prasad and Sachin can chip in. In U.S., 2025-
2026 are investment years. 2027-2028, do you think, what kind of size in 
business base is the enquiry and the transmission rates? Because you 
have particular belts in U.S. where you're targeting the energy belts in U.S. 
2027 and 2028, broadly, you think we can have ₹200 crores to ₹300 crores 
revenue base in U.S., or it's too early? Some colour on the kinds of 
references in U.S. we're targeting, and I'm sure when you compare and get 

 
Page 15 of 25 
 
the reference from India businesses, the transition can be faster. For 
example, if you showcase a WSR working in India that you've supplied, a 
similar customer in the U.S. will transit faster. So, any colour there by the 
team? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I think you see, because orders don't start currently on the product side, 
currently don't sit in our order book, to expect a large jump in turnover in 
FY 2027 from the U.S. subsidiary would be then based only on the 
aftermarket side, which is difficult for it to achieve ₹200 crores to ₹300 
crores revenue benchmark from what its current status is. There will be a 
significant growth, don't get me wrong, and our anticipation is that  
FY 2027 should be more than a break-even year for the U.S. subsidiary, 
but will be a launch platform for us to take on from FY 2028 onwards, 
where we should be at a minimum achieving those targets that you are 
setting. 
 
Amit Mahawar: 
That is very clear. Thank you. And the last question is, broadly, if I size up 
the opportunity for, Triveni, we're very clear about up to 30 MW, but as we 
move larger especially in the API drive, and power generation turbine, the 
market size is not very, very clear, and it can look optically very large, but 
the translation and penetration can be very difficult. So, any colour on 
again, I'm sorry for the timeline, but 12-24 months, what size can we 
move, on the larger turbines? Thank you. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, I'd like Prasad to talk a little bit about this, but as you know, we have 
the capacity to produce turbines already up to 125 MW, and we have 
orders in the 100 MW range also. The point is, you're right, that these will 
be lumpy, and to actually see what the size of the market is and where 
they're coming from, always becomes a little bit tricky to forecast. It's 
more difficult from the execution side as well, from a perspective of 
inventory planning as well as manufacturing capacity is not the 
constraint. Inventory planning is a little bit more of a constraint for larger-
sized turbines. 
 
I feel that API market for this current year has actually, even though 
there's a lot of expenditure happening in the oil and gas space and 
fertiliser space, specifically, API from the Middle East has actually, for us, 
has been a flattish market and has not grown in FY 2026, and that has 
translated into a little bit of this lumpiness in order booking. We see that 
from the enquiry side, it's still quite strong, and when enquiries in the API 
exist, they do translate into orders. It just takes some time based on order 
booking. So, we think that that will come back in FY 2027 and that will 
provide us a good inroad to continue to grow in the larger megawatt 
space. 
 
Larger megawatts are always going to be little bit more lumpy, Amit and 
we still haven't got enough large enough orders under our belt for it to 
smoothen out both order booking as well as revenue. 
 

 
Page 16 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Balasubramanian from Arihant 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Balasubramanian A: 
Good afternoon. Thank you so much for the opportunity. We are entering 
into geothermal applications and BFW drives. Just want to understand 
which are the specific applications we are targeting, and what kind of 
contributions we can expect over the next three to five years timeframe? 
Those are my questions. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, you bring up an interesting question. Both of these are growth markets 
for us because they are. Our technology solutions are very appropriate for 
it, but also, we've had historically a lower market share in these 
segments. Geothermal is really about getting – we've had great successes 
in the Refurbishment side in this space, and the product orders have also 
now picked up, and so therefore this will represent a good growth 
opportunity for clean, renewable firm power that is required by 
customers. 
 
On the boiler feed water pump drive market, as the energy mix is moving 
more towards having thermal power plants as well, this is a market that I 
think will present a good short-term opportunity for us for the next three to 
five years. 
 
Balasubramanian A: 
Okay, so my second question is, utility auxiliary drive turbines, the 
potential market size is around [indiscernible] [0:48:42] turbines, so in the 
next two to three years' timeframe. So, like, what kind of market share we 
are targeting? And is there any qualification or certifications are required, 
specific for specialised turbines? And what is the average realisation in 
the industry right now? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. So actually, we don't give most of the data that you asked for, but 
you can get an indication of that from the conference calls that we have, 
or you could take some of it offline and ask Shreya. But specifically, we 
don't give value-based indication, partly driven by the fact that it's a 
customised order. I mean, a turbine is a customised order, and very 
frankly, each customer has a different pricing range than the next. Some 
are more lucrative, and in general, the way that we see it is, the higher the 
specifications of a market in terms of end use, the higher the margins will 
be and the higher the price per megawatt will be. And so therefore, you 
would always expect markets like geothermal, boiler feed pump drive, or 
API, to have higher turnover and value per megawatt than a process co-
generation plant at a sugar factory. So, that is the general feed that you 
would have for it. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Harsh Tewaney from Ashmore 
Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Harsh Tewaney: 
Hi, Nikhil. Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to check on your South 
Africa, basically, we've had a presence in SADC for the better part of three 

 
Page 17 of 25 
 
years through a Refurbishment order. Has that actually helped us make 
inroads on the product side as well in that geography? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. We have success on it, except the point is, as you would understand, 
the size of a market is sort of directly proportionate to the fixed capital 
base that the country has. South Africa is the most industrialised country 
in SADC. So, we have a good market penetration there, but the economy 
has its own set of issues in terms of industrial growth. But we are 
represented in the market. We have good market share in the market 
segments that are growing there. But it is unfortunately constrained by the 
fact that it is a smaller economy and a smaller. And therefore, it can only 
contribute a certain amount to our growth. 
 
Harsh Tewaney: 
With the recent oil price fluctuation, given the geopolitical tensions 
across the globe, how big is that an impact on our API turbine business in 
the Middle East? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, that's why I said, I mean, I don't know if it's directly related to oil 
prices, because very frankly, the planning cycle for oil and gas integrated 
majors is much longer than one-year price movements. As it is, what we 
found is the projects that were coming up are coming up in oil derivatives 
and in gas and methanol and downstream value addition-based projects, 
rather than pure petroleum refining. So, I think the oil majors are 
cognizant of what the situation is. They're continuing with their CapEx. 
That doesn't seem to have slowed down. It's just that FY 2026 represented 
a smaller number of orders that were finalised in this space. 
 
Harsh Tewaney: 
Lastly, the way we have seen a lot of success on the municipal waste 
applications in Europe, are we actively in talks with, let's say, local 
government bodies in India to introduce such solutions? Any thoughts on 
that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, you're very right. I mean, this is an area that India does need to spend 
an enormous amount of money on. Unfortunately, I think the regulation of 
waste is an urban local body matter. And so, this is more of a governance 
question than intent or money availability. Urban local bodies are not 
creditworthy on a counterparty risk assessment basis, and so there's no 
concession agreement that can be signed, which is credible, unless it's 
backed by the centre, because I don't think state guarantees also would 
matter here. But there are projects that are coming. There are progressive 
municipalities which have creditworthy paper, which are going with these 
projects. But we think that the potential is enormous. It requires a political 
will and a correct governance structure. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Shrinidhi Karlekar from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
 

 
Page 18 of 25 
 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
Yeah, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Again, on this USA opportunity, 
will it be possible to comment on sort of competition you have got in this 
opportunity? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Of course, there's competition. 
 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
As in, like, is it similar to what you have in India?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It's similar to our competition in Europe. But there are no local turbine 
producers in the United States. 
 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
Okay. Understood. And just correct me if I'm wrong, it appeared to me 
that the U.S. opportunity, at least the large part of U.S. opportunity, is it 
emerging from the supply constraint on the gas turbine, or even on its 
own, it's a large opportunity that will have? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. Both are right. You see, the U.S. is a continent by itself, so like you 
know, demand that comes from the Southwest is very different from the 
Northeast and Northwest. Midwest, in fact. And the application are very 
different. For us to get known by customers, it takes a little bit of time. You 
have different issues that happen from the Refurbishment side, where 
because of the federal structure of the United States, for us to execute 
work on the servicing of plants, which are in different localities and 
jurisdictions, requires zoning and licenses. It's actually quite a learning for 
me also, but it's quite a bureaucratic country. 
 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
Okay, yeah. And so just on the data centre, as this market evolve, will it 
largely be a simple single-cycle, gas turbine market? Or, as these 
companies try to reduce energy intensity, it will evolve into a combined 
cycle, gas-based application? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, on utility scale gas turbines, I think about 50% of the market there is 
simple cycle, 50% is combined cycle. That's from a planning perspective. 
When you get down from utility scale gas turbines to the less than 100 
MW, I think about 70% are simple cycle or 80% are simple cycle. The 
reason is that either these plants are located where the availability of raw 
materials, such as water, is poor. And so therefore, it's not a viable option. 
Now, in power-hungry applications, and if water is available, it sort of 
makes sense for you to do it. 
 
It's better for you to have planned a combined cycle from the beginning, 
as an add-on to a simple cycle, because there's certain configurations of 
the plant layout, etc which benefit from that adequate planning. And I 
believe that most data centre operators are planning for that, because if 
you have data centre in a particular locale, for you to move from a simple 
cycle to a combined cycle, is just lowering your cost of power. So, it's a 
logical move. 
 

 
Page 19 of 25 
 
How much will happen will be based on availability of water in specific 
locations. And if it follows the same trend of about 20% to 30% being 
converted, then that's what we could expect as well which is then the 
non-utility side. Utility side is about 50%. 
 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
Great. And last one, if I may. I wanted to understand, in the conventional, 
cogen kind of, industry end market in India, is the opportunity intensity 
reducing because these companies want to go more green, want to 
consume power, which is more renewable? Like, for example, what 
opportunity you see emerge from a 1 million ton typical steel plant five 
years back and what is now? Is the whole opportunity size changed, or 
reduced, or increasing for you? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, in steel, it's the same. Because you see, any continuous process that 
uses heat as part of the process or emits heat as part of the process 
would necessarily generate power on-site. So, our competition really isn't 
against grid power for majority of these applications. It's based on the 
concept of cost of capital. So, the higher the cost of capital, the more 
relevant our propositions become, actually. And the more worthwhile they 
are from a customer's perspective. We find that in areas like cement, 
which typically don't go for waste heat recovery as part of the conception 
of the plant, going more green has meant adding these installations, like 
what we provide is actually greening them more. Because still about 70% 
of like what we said, like in FY '25, 70% of our turbines had an application 
which is renewable. So, the feed source was renewable in nature, but 
70% of our customers were industrial. So that means that a lot of our 
customers were actually buying our products from an energy efficiency 
perspective, which is using waste heat or other sources, which allows 
them to firstly be more green, but also lower their cost of energy. 
 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
Understood. And similarly on oil and gas as well? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, oil and gas is fed through however the steam is produced. For them, it 
may be a mix of their own product. I think that looking at oil and gas, you 
can never look at it with a green eye. So, I think that has a distinct use. But 
if you need heat as part of the process, then you generate on-site. It's as 
simple as that. And the way that we've seen this is that over the last 15 
years, the general market of below 100 MW has been quite consistent, if 
not growing a little bit. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss Public 
Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
Yeah. Hi, Nikhil. Thank you so much for taking my question. Just one 
question, right, and this is relating to the answer that you gave to previous 
participants. A question on the growth rates, right? What we were 
clocking in till FY '25 and what we intend to clock in after, let's say, FY '27 
or FY '28, or in FY '27 and FY '28. So, my question is that, see you 
mentioned that order book is something which you can execute, right? 

 
Page 20 of 25 
 
But what is the quality of enquiry pipeline, let's say, which we had right 
now and which we had two years back? The conversion of this enquiry 
pipeline into order book, is it taking longer because we are venturing into 
newer geographies, higher megawatt projects, newer technologies? Is 
that the reason why reverting back to those kind of growth rates before FY 
'25 will take another year, and it will only be in FY '28? Or is there anything 
else that is hampering or whatever it's taking a bit longer for the pipeline to 
convert? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Let me ask Prasad to answer this question. He can provide a better 
insight. 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yeah, the enquiry pipeline wise, quality of the enquiry pipeline is similar to 
what enquiry pipeline we used to have. Because enquiry pipeline there is 
budgetary form enquiries and all. But that enquiry, overall enquiry pipeline 
is growing. What we see is that means our traction is increasing. People 
are knowing Triveni more, so that way how we consider that. So, some of 
these certain percentage of enquiries budgetary in nature, where they'll 
be taking the inputs and probably it may take a longer time to get into the 
gestation story for that. 
 
But what we are looking today is the enquiry pipeline in terms of number 
of enquiries and megawatt size is increasing, so that is giving a confidence 
to us going forward. Whatever Nikhil mentioned that, yes, we are quite 
confident in terms of order booking and maintaining some sustainability 
of growth going forward in the coming years. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It is difficult to get a consistent answer for you. Yes, you're right, and our 
feeling is that enquiry finalisation is taking longer. Reasons differ from 
people-to-people, but the main underlying reason is that there's a lot of 
uncertainty out there. You have a clear push towards more energy 
intensive infrastructure, both from data centres as well as metals and 
mining, etc., that require it. So, there's a clear tailwind in that regard. So, 
our confidence is coming from the fact that our enquiry books and our 
conversation with customers is leading us to believe that demand exists.  
 
How quickly will that translate into orders? Well, you just see the 
difference between Q3 and Q4 of this financial year, how one can move 
from one to the next and become extremely lumpy. And we'll have the 
same conversation at the end of Q4, and then you'll see how it's very 
uncertain for companies to be able to predict order booking. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Jai Chauhan from Trinetra Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
 
Jai Chauhan: 
Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. I just had one 
question. Could you help us understand beyond customer relationships, 
what are the key in-house capabilities and system levels that differentiate 

 
Page 21 of 25 
 
Triveni from precision engineering suppliers? And how does outsourcing 
fits into this model? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Outsourcing is a cost structure question, so that's independent of that. 
It's ultimately, you're providing quality to the customer. So, the question 
isn't only about service and being able to get the customer, I guess, 
customer satisfied from a basis of provision of adequate service. But if 
your technology is not up to mark, both from a perspective of reliability 
and robustness of the product, that is both uptime and performance at 
efficiency parameters, that is ultimately where it lies. If the question is 
technology, service levels can only be backed up? Yeah, I have to back up 
that technology level. 
 
Jai Chauhan: 
So, let me like reframe the question a bit. Like, for example, at a value 
chain level, which capabilities are considered core and retained in-house, 
versus outsourced? And like just beyond customer relationships, is there 
any key technical or system level differentiator that separate Triveni from 
precision component manufacturers? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, I can't talk about others. I'll tell you what for us, we are like you said 
a precision technology company for rotating equipments. And our focus 
is, it starts with technology and our investments into rotating technology, 
both from fluid dynamics to structural analysis and finite analysis, and 
other aspects, because there are so many multiple touch points and 
variations and variabilities that exist in our product configuration. More 
than that is the fact that we have to actually produce a quality product, 
and so we don't outsource. While on R&D basis, we work with institutions 
to help validate our technologies and platforms, we think that areas such 
as quality, assembly, testing can never be outsourced. Those have to be 
in-house, because not only does that allow for validation of your own 
technology, but you have to then be able to take the liability of that in front 
of your customer. 
 
So ultimately, because you live with your customer for 30, 40 years, the 
more important thing is that what you have to do is to ensure that you're 
able to keep the customer satisfied from a technical viewpoint, through 
that life cycle. Now, there are multiple viewpoints, there are multiple 
things that come in between. Maybe we should take this offline, because 
it's not a question that we could answer in just two minutes. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Salil Desai from Marcellus Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
 
Salil Desai: 
Hi, Nikhil. I want to just kind of make sure I understand this right. In the 
U.S., what you're saying is that credentials have been established, now 
it's just a matter of time before you build scale, and then things kind of 
start falling in place in terms of profitability and so on. Is that right? 
 

 
Page 22 of 25 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, the orders themselves need to come up for finalisation. So, the point 
is, it is a question of demand actually has to exist. Demand, meaning if the 
enquiries exist, meaning that there's an indication of demand, but 
demand finally has to come out, and there has to be a job for you to be 
done. 
 
Salil Desai: 
Fair enough. But other than that, there's no constraint on what you can be 
in terms of competitive positioning there, right? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, of course, our brand is, we need to make sure that we're in front of 
the customers. I don't know how many customers in the United States will 
be familiar with the Triveni brand. And the brand is not only a question of 
having supplied elsewhere in the world. Customers want to see a running 
reference point in their backyard, in their industry. So, to be able to 
convince customers of that is the next question. And so, we are practical 
in the constraints of the market and that we face. 
 
Salil Desai: 
Well, but time should address most of these that you have a few 
suppliers, you build references and then it performs. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Exactly. We think growth will be steady. It will not jump up all. I'll be very 
happy if it jumps up overnight. 
 
Salil Desai: 
Right. And lastly, again, on this U.S. tariff reduction, right? Does that 
materially change your competitive positioning, or you think, again, all the 
issues that you spoke about will anyway play out? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. I think what it will allow is quicker finalisations from our end users, 
and we will benefit from that. The U.S. market is a rich market, so they 
could even have possibly still placed orders with the tariffs of the previous 
tariffs. This will just allow for a better return for both. Obviously, the tariff 
reductions will have to be passed on to customers. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Mohit Surana from Monarch 
Networth Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, one question with respect to data 
centre. In terms of the enquiry pipelines, what kind of capacity turbines, in 
terms of range that we are getting the enquiries for? Is it less than 50, less 
than 100? What kind of enquiry pipelines are we getting the enquiry for?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
They both, they differ. There's nothing typical about it, because even in 
data centres, it all depends on the size of data centres, etc. So, we have 
both 70 MW operations and 20 MW operations as well. Typically, the way 
it is, is that for every 3 MW of gas turbine, you'd have 1 MW of the steam 
turbine. 
 

 
Page 23 of 25 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Right. Understood. In terms of refurbishment or for the services part of the 
business, are we taking orders for both steam and gas turbines, or are we 
limited only to the gas turbine services business? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, our typical OEM technology is in steam turbines. And so of course, 
depending on the refurbishment requirement that comes about from the 
value addition perspective, we can offer to a variety of different rotating 
equipment. So, capabilities would exist for running maintenance, 
overhaul, etc., for all rotating equipments. When you go on to the higher 
value addition, such as upgradation those will obviously be limited to 
more steam-based technologies. So, we do work for a lot of rotating 
equipments, and we provide more flesh around this in Q4, because we 
should have some good wins, which would explain this question a little bit 
better. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood. Last question with respect to the R&D that you have been 
doing over the last few years. We have already introduced MVR, as well as 
industrial heat pumps, which we are yet to see traction in our order 
bookings. But are there anything more in plan for us, going forward? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Of course, we have over 7% of our workforce is on, is in R&D only. We 
have another 8% part in engineering. So, it gives you an indication as to 
where the manpower strength of Triveni is. So new products will come 
about. Majority of them will be product development, platform changes, 
and new product development within the steam turbine line itself. And 
then we'll have new technology development, which will happen along the 
lines of what you just mentioned, as well as newer products which are 
adjacent to those, which will be more in tune to where customer demand 
is. 
 
We will also have a work that will happen at, which will be application 
specific, which will combine a variety of different products for newer 
applications. And one of the applications that we're very bullish about in 
the medium term is energy storage. We think that that presents a unique 
market for us, and we will be combining a lot of products together to 
come up with correct applications there. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Right. In terms of the energy storage present from NTPC, I think that was 
somewhere around ₹270 crores, ₹290 crores. Please correct me if I'm 
wrong. And any indication that you have got from any customers, be it 
NTPC or anywhere else apart from India, in terms of enquiry pipeline for 
these kind of orders, energy storage? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. The team is constantly working on those. The enquiries are very hot 
and live for that application in specific and configuration, as well as 
others. So this is something that we're focusing on, and we're hopeful that 
we will show some traction in FY '27, both on the CO2 side as well as non-
CO2 based thermal energy storage. 
 

 
Page 24 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vimal Sampat, who's an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Vimal Sampat: 
Yeah, good afternoon. Now, most of the questions have been answered. 
Just one this thing, now seeing that we are facing a slowdown in our 
current product line, are we now thinking because we had developed 
some more in rotating equipment and new, so now are we looking, I 
mean, in future, will we have to add more products to come back to our 
growth of 25%, 30%? How are we looking? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I think that our core will remain the core for the time being. We will change 
some of focus will change in terms of applications, like I said. So being 
product specific or selling a steam turbine as a steam turbine is one. But 
then when you sell it as an application for energy storage, it adds on 
different balance of plants and different calculation that we need to take 
to deliver it to the market. It's a little bit of a question as to how you're 
driving demand. Here, we're completely dependent on someone who 
wants a thermal power scheme in a steam turbine manner. 
 
If you move into energy storage, you have a larger market there at from an 
end-user perspective, and who you're selling to is different. So, what we 
try to do is expand the base by which who we sell to, how we sell. And this 
will mean, if we stick to our steam turbine product line, as well as the 
services and refurbishment around it, this will be the mainstay of the 
company for the medium term, for sure. We will add newer products in 
because they are somewhat aligned to our technical capabilities, as well 
as expanding on certain lines with our product, with our customer. 
 
I think that you should still look at the Triveni Turbine as a single product 
company for the short term. Medium term, we'll become a multi-product 
company, which will allow us to basically be more application-centric and 
solution-centric to our customers. 
 
Vimal Sampat: 
And more expanding, more geography like USA and South Africa, you are 
present. So, are you looking at being somewhere in Asia and Europe, 
putting up a plant? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, until the U.S. stabilises, I don't think we would look at expansion both 
from a perspective of bandwidth, as well as validating our track record. So 
that’s it. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. Should we end now, chorus call? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes. That was the last question in queue. If you'd like to, if you have any 
closing comments before we close? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. I feel that we've said a 
lot on the call, and hopefully if you missed it, you'll be able to pick up on 
the nuances that I've said while on the transcript. But again, very happy to 

 
Page 25 of 25 
 
welcome Shreya here. Her details are at the end of the investor brief, so 
please do reach out if you have any questions. 
 
Again, we look forward to speaking in May for our Q4 full-year results. 
Thank you very much again. Goodbye. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Triveni Turbine Limited, that concludes 
the conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may 
now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity, consistency with published 
information. Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, in some cases it may be incomplete or inaccurate due to 
inaudible passages or transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility for such inaccuracies or errors. It is compiled as an aid to 
understanding the proceedings of the event but should not be treated as an authoritative record. 
 
 
 
 
