 
 
Ref: OAL/BSE/NSE/69/2025-26 
 
16th February, 2026 
 
To  
To  
The Manager 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001                     Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID     : OAL 
Symbol: OAL 
Scrip Code: 500078 
Series   : EQ 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with the Institutional Investors/Analysts 
 
With reference to our letter dated 06th February, 2026, intimating about the conference call with 
the Institutional Investors/Analysts on Friday, 13th February, 2026 at 01.00 p.m. to discuss the 
Financial Performance of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 
2025, please find attached herewith transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
Further, 
the 
copy 
of the 
same 
is 
also uploaded 
on 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
www.orientalaromatics.com  
 
Kindly take the information on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully 
 
For Oriental Aromatics Limited 
 
 
 
Dharmil A. Bodani 
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN: 00618333 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 133, Jehangir  Building,  2nd  Floor,  M.G.  Road, Fort, Mumbai 400 001, India. 
T  +91-22-66556000 / 43214000   F  +91-22-66556099   E oa@orientalaromatics.com   CIN L17299MH1972PLC285731 
    www.orientalaromatics.com 
Dharmil 
Anil Bodani
Digitally signed by 
Dharmil Anil Bodani 
Date: 2026.02.16 
17:32:51 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
Oriental Aromatics Limited 
Q3 and Nine Months FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Oriental Aromatics Limited Q3 and nine-
month FY’26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Oriental Aromatics Limited. On behalf 
of the Company, I would like to thank you all the participating in the company’s Earnings 
Conference Call for the 3rd Quarter of the Financial Year 2026. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made 
by and information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to 
place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about 
the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
Now let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today's Earnings Call and 
hand it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Dharmil A. Bodani - 
Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Shyamal A. Bodani - Executive Director, Mr. Girish 
Khandelwal - Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Parag Satoskar - Chief Executive Officer and Ms. 
Kiranpreet Gill - Company Secretary. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Dharmil Bodani to start with his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 

 
Page 2 of 12 
Dharmil A. Bodani: 
Thank you, Purvangi. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our earnings call to discuss 
the performance of the 3rd Quarter of financial year 2026. Our Executive Director, Mr. Shyamal 
A. Bodani, shall be briefing you all on the operational highlights for the first quarter, after which 
our CFO, Mr. Girish Khandelwal, will brief you on the financial highlights. Over to you, Shyamal. 
Thank you. 
Shyamal A. Bodani: 
Thank you, Dharmil. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our earnings call to discuss 
the performance of the 3rd Quarter of the financial year 2026. Let me begin by connecting the 
dots with what we had shared with you over the last two quarters. 
In Q1 and Q2, we had clearly stated that the industry was operating in a soft pricing 
environment on the aroma ingredients and turpentine chemicals side of our business, and that 
our strategy would be to protect and grow volumes, deepen customer relationships, and 
expand market share. While we have executed internal cost and process programs and ramped 
up Mahad that is exactly what we have continued to do in Q3. The performance of the 
fragrance division continues to be very strong and sustainable benefits from a softer pricing of 
raw materials and new wins with existing customers and new customers being added. Q3 is 
typically a more normalized quarter after the festive peak, and every year we see a sequential 
cooling off in certain categories, most notably in camphor, and at times in select aroma 
ingredients and fragrances. This year too, we saw sequential softness with lower demand in 
specialty aroma ingredients and fragrances and a sequential decline in camphor volumes in line 
with historical seasonal patterns. However, what is encouraging is that the underlying year-on-
year direction remains positive. Production increased 3% year-on-year, and sales volumes 
increased 10% year-on-year for the quarter. From an operational standpoint, our plant-wise 
numbers reinforce this picture clearly in Q3. Total production was up 3% year-on-year. Total 
sales were up 10% year-on-year even though sales were down sequentially versus Q2 due to 
the post-festive normalization. Bareilly sales were up 27% year-on-year despite being down 
sub-sequentially, which is consistent with the seasonal curve. Ambernath, our fragrance 
division, sales were up 4% year-on-year. Baroda, where we produce aroma ingredients, 
continues to show resilience on production up 15% year-on-year while the broader specialty 
ingredients market remains competitive and price sensitive. Mahad continues its early ramp-
up trajectory and remains strategically important. It is still in the stabilization phase and we 
have always guided that it would take a few quarters to reach optimal utilization. 
On the financial side - Q3 revenues from operations was Rs. 252.03 crores and our EBITDA 
margin for the quarter stood at 5.26%. EBITDA moderation in Q3 reflects three realities we 
have been transparent about with the investor community. Pricing remains under pressure 
especially in ingredients in what is still a buyer's market. Mahad being a greenfield facility in 
ramp-up continues to be a near-term drag on consolidated profitability, an effect we expect to 
reduce progressively as utilization rises and fixed costs get absorbed better, consistent with 
what we have discussed earlier in Q2. Q3 demand mix is typically less favorable than Q2 given 
the seasonal cycle. Importantly, when you step back and view performance the way global 

 
Page 3 of 12 
peers encourage investors to view it over a long arc rather than a quarter-to-quarter noise, the 
trend is reassuring. For the nine month period we delivered 11% growth in production and 10% 
growth in sales volume versus last year. This is the clearest indicator that our focus on sales 
maximization, penetration, and customer retention is working even in a tough pricing 
environment. We are also maintaining balance sheet discipline. Net debt-to-equity stands at 
0.65x as of 31st December 2025, which keeps us well positioned to fund growth while 
managing volatility. 
As we look ahead, our priorities remain unchanged and very clear. Protect and grow volumes 
and market share across camphor, fragrances, and specialty aroma ingredients, execute 
process improvements and cost programs to rebuild margins structurally, independent of 
pricing cycles, accelerate Mahad's commercial ramp-up so that what is a temporary drag 
becomes a meaningful driver of growth and profitability. 
To summarize, Q3 is seasonally and structurally a different quarter versus Q2 and this year too 
we saw a sequential softness. Yet we delivered positive year-on-year volume growth, healthy 
nine-month trends, and continued execution on the strategic building blocks that will improve 
margins as Mahad stabilizes and the pricing cycle turns. 
Thank you. I will now hand over to our CFO, Mr. Girish Khandelwal, for the financial highlights. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Thank you very much, Shyamal. I would like to welcome you all to the conference call. Let me 
begin by sharing our consolidated performance for the quarter. The operating revenue for the 
quarter stood at Rs. 252 crore reflecting a growth of approximately 13% year-on-year. EBITDA 
for the quarter was reported at Rs. 13 crore compared to Rs. 23 crore in the corresponding 
quarter. The EBITDA margin stood at 5.26%. Net loss for the quarter was Rs. 1.92 crore as 
against net profit of Rs. 7.14 crore in the same period last year. The profit after tax margin for 
the quarter stood at (-0.76%). 
Now, moving on to the consolidated performance for the nine month FY’2026. The operating 
revenue for the nine month FY’2026 was Rs. 748 crore representing a 11% year-on-year 
increase. EBITDA for the period stood at Rs. 49 crore compared to Rs. 73 crore in the 
corresponding nine months. The EBITDA margin was 6.49% as against 10.85% in the 
corresponding period. Net loss for the nine-month FY’2026 was Rs. 0.67 crore compared to net 
profit of Rs. 32.90 crore in the nine-month FY’2025 with PAT margin stood at (-0.09%). As on 
31st December 2025, the net debt equity ratio stood at 0.65x and the cash profit for the nine-
month FY’2026 was Rs. 22.65 crores. 
With this we can now open the floor for the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rajesh Mishra from Liberty Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 4 of 12 
Rajesh Mishra: 
Hello. 
Management: 
Yes, Rajesh. 
Rajesh Mishra: 
Yes sir, Rajesh Mishra here. Sir, I have two questions. One, I know that there is a lot of camphor 
import in the country. In this regard, I would like to know whether the company has taken any 
strong step against anti-dumping duty which is imposed on camphor's imports so thar our 
prices increase. I raised the same topic in the last conference call, and I have 100% hope that 
company must have taken strong step against this. Please give some light on this and when 
camphor manufacturer will keep importing camphor it has an effect on our margin and it is 
reducing profitability too. Like two manufacturers from South Kanchi and Saptagir are 
importing more than 200 metric tonne per month. And secondly, my question is camphor is 
available in the market without the GST, and this is causing us a lot of harm. What steps 
company has taken against this? Please throw some light on these two questions. 
Management: 
I will definitely respond to your points. First, the camphor which is getting imported in India, 
what you are saying is absolutely correct because that it is a disturbing instance, point number 
one. Point number two, if manufacturers are importing then it is a very critical situation. But 
whatever is being imported from China, normally, we said last time also that natural camphor 
is being imported rather than synthetic camphor. And that is of a very different quality. And 
we talked about this but nothing has proceeded so far, and we will focus to improve our process 
from our internal process optimization. Today the situation is like whatever camphor is 
manufactured in India, the capacity has increased a lot, and demand has grown that much and 
because of that there is an impact on the profitability. If you will see the record for three years, 
this year the import has been less as compared to the previous three years from China in the 
nine months. So, it also shows directionally that natural camphor, which was available cheaply 
in China two years back, its price has also started increasing and it is aligning because of our 
Indian camphor. That is why import was less but we will try to focus on process improvement 
and will try to improve profitability. 
Rajesh Mishra: 
Thank you sir. 
Management: 
Thank you Mishra ji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Bubna from BMSPL. Please 
go ahead. 
Kaustubh Bubna: 
Hi. I wanted to understand what is the exposure to North America for our company and how 
much have numbers been impacted due to the tariff situation? If you can quantify the 
exposure, what is your view on this trade deal and how does that benefit the companies like 
us? 

 
Page 5 of 12 
Management: 
Is your name Kaustubh? Did I get it right? 
Kaustubh Bubna: 
Yes.  
Management: 
Okay, great. So, Kaustubh, primarily I would not be able to give you the exact numbers but 
Girish, correct me if I am right. The last time we checked, between 16% to 20% of our sales are 
oriented towards America, point number one. Point number two, I think the major impact 
because of this positive trade deal is if you historically look at the American market, it is driven 
by having material in inventory. And because of the uncertainty, the American customer was 
buying hand to mouth. And hence, what used to normally stay at the inventory level was the 
loss in sales. I think that slowly started opening up because nobody still has the final draft of 
the tariff reduction program and how it is going to be implemented. But we are seeing positive 
signs in terms of customers coming back and placing orders, which will definitely have a 
positive impact on sales. 
Kaustubh Bubna: 
But if you could explain that part again, where your current financials, your nine month 
financials, what type of impact has there been on these financials because of the tariff 
uncertainty that existed in that time period? 
Management: 
So, I will not be able to quantify exactly what has been the impact on the nine-month financials. 
But I would have said that we would have very easily expected to have a 6% to 9% more sales 
in these nine months. Had the tariffs not been there or there was clarity in terms of the 
eventual landed cost for an American customer coming from goods from India and or China. 
Dharmil A. Bodani: 
And just to further add, can you hear me? Hi, this is Dharmil. Just to further add that there is, I 
mean, look, if you come down in duty structure from where we were to where we are today, 
that obviously makes or gives a sense of stability to our buyers in North America and gives them 
a clear idea of where their cost structure of the landed material is going to be. So, they have 
obviously not bought and built stocks because they had no idea whether the tariffs would 
continue to go up, go down. So, there was a lot of uncertainty. So, if you are asking us a forward-
looking question on the impact of this trade deal that we have had with the United States, it is 
extremely positive. I think it is in the right direction. And I think if America starts looking back 
at India and buying again and building stocks, I think we are going to be seeing much better 
days ahead than we have so far. 
Kaustubh Bubna: 
Thank you. And just a follow-up question on when you talk about return of pricing power, you 
mentioned pricing is still weak. Just could you explain the China angle once? 
Dharmil A. Bodani: 
So, currently, in our industry, there is a 14% duty difference between the Chinese and the 
companies like mine. So, if you just look at that difference, that gives us some hope in terms of 
pricing power. And I think the pricing power that when we talk about pricing power, what we 
are referring to is we are importing most of our materials to process and re-export. So, if the 

 
Page 6 of 12 
duty structures have changed, if the Indian companies are again competitive in North America, 
what will happen and we hope will happen that if petro goes up, if naturals go up, if there is a 
general shift in the starting raw materials that we use for our industry, then we will see an 
opportunity to have better realization. Meanwhile, what we do and continue to do is improve 
on our processes and hope to see movement upward. 
Kaustubh Bubna: 
Yes, just because in your opening comments, you had mentioned that if we look at long-term 
numbers, we are happy with the performance, but we are almost back to FY’18 EBITDA levels. 
Dharmil A. Bodani: 
Absolutely, and the aroma chemical prices are even lower than the 2018 results that you are 
referring to. So, we feel internally we have bottomed out as far as chemical prices are 
concerned. 
Management: 
Can I also probably add Kaustubh, that it is not so linear in terms of the functioning of the 
business. Between 2018 and 2026, we see a completely different oriental where we have a 
large range of materials. These materials are used by our fragrance division. We have 
internalized our formulated camphor. So, a lot of things are now ready for action when the 
opportunities come. 
Kaustubh Bubna: 
Okay. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jai Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Jai Jain: 
Hello. Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know the outlook on the revenue 
side of how much growth we can expect by the end of this fiscal and also for the next? 
Management: 
So, I mean, we always like to be cautiously optimistic. And, you know, Shyamal in his opening 
speech has already highlighted in terms of the sales and in terms of the production, the growth 
that we have achieved. I think these last three months is going to only reiterate and reinforce 
that growth structure. So, we are looking at anywhere between 8% to 10% growth in sales for 
this year definitely. Not a big fan of projections. So, we are pretty solid in terms of our order 
book for H1 2026. The process, the plan is now to execute all these and continue in the same 
trajectory. 
Moderator: 
Sir, we lost the line. We will move on to the next participant. The next question is from the line 
of Manaswi Gupta, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Manaswi Gupta: 
Hi. I just had a small question. Why was there a decline in the margins and when can we expect 
them to stabilize? 
Management: 
So, Manaswi, just to, if you look at the Q3 numbers per se, historically Q3, since we have a 
product mix where you have camphor, which is a very strong seasonal product, Q3 normally 
tends to be a little softer than the Q2, which is more of the festive season. So, it is not surprising, 

 
Page 7 of 12 
point number one. Point number two, similar seasonality also happens in some of the fragrance 
part of our business. And the third element is the geopolitical situation, which was kind of 
restricting the American buyers because of the uncertainty in the tariffs. And because of this, 
all the focus on sales was for the global suppliers was on Europe. So, even the European buyers 
were slow because they felt that there was too much of material in the market. Having said 
that, now that on both sides of the Atlantic, we have positive news where the EU trade deal 
will help as well as the tariff reduction will show increase in sales in America. Both these factors 
should be a good catalyst for the coming quarters to show us increased sales and hence 
profitability. 
Manaswi Gupta: 
Thank you so much. That is all from my side. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is back from Jai Jain, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Jai Jain: 
Hello. Hi, sir. Thank you again. Any international partners with big fragrance and aroma players 
like the other competitors are doing? 
Management: 
Sorry, Jai, can you repeat your question, please? I mean, we lost you in the middle. 
Jai Jain: 
Sure. I just wanted to know like if Oriental is planning some JVs with big fragrance and aroma 
players like the peers are doing? 
Management: 
I think we are very happy with the way the structure of the business is as on today. I mean, 
most of our plans on the aroma ingredient size are running at capacity. Camphor powder sales 
as well as formula look very encouraging. The fragrance division is benefiting from the overall 
reduction in the raw material cost. So, as of now, we stay in the holding pattern and we 
continue with our business. If there are any opportunities that come in the future, we will 
definitely explore them based on the merit. 
Jai Jain: 
And one more question, sir. Any other new products you are planning for the upcoming fiscal? 
Management: 
So, like we have mentioned in our past investor calls 2025-26 financial year was a year of 
consolidation where we are looking at our current range of products, looking at areas where 
we have not reached and trying to build markets over there, stabilize our Mahad infrastructure. 
So, these were our primary outline. I mean, as a company, we have an extremely, extremely 
strong R&D program, which is driven by our perfumery division acting as a beacon for our 
ingredients division. So, we have a very strong pipeline, which we normally do not talk about. 
As and when the opportunities come, we will be in a position to, A - launch them commercially 
and B – inform you guys. 

 
Page 8 of 12 
Jai Jain: 
Sure sir. Thank you. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Rohit Kumar, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Kumar: 
Hello. 
Management: 
Hi Rohit. 
Rohit Kumar: 
Hello, sir. Can you give me an outlook for the specialty aroma industry? 
Management: 
Yes. So, so again, the specialty aroma ingredients industry primarily is extremely broad based. 
If you look at the overall, the overall industry that lies in this space, it continues to grow. I will 
bet there are also many companies who are trying to look at this particular part of the fragrance 
business as an opportunity to grow and companies which are able to kind of develop these 
products using some uniqueness in terms of the processes or some uniqueness that they get 
in terms on the table in terms of chemistry or engineering will continue to be ahead of the 
others. I mean, just to answer briefly, the specialty aroma ingredients business continues to 
grow, looks strong, but is also crowded. 
Rohit Kumar: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket from Sagari Capital. Please go ahead.  
Saket: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So, one quick question. So, while I appreciate the management 
has been conservative in its outlook, but somehow even then the performance and so if I have 
been too critical here, but in my humble opinion, the performance still has been below 
expectations. So, what is the now new reset for the EBITDA? Because initially we were even 
hoping that 8% to 10% would materialize, but that even seems to be a distant dream. And 
second part is around this Mahad thing, right? Initially, we are thinking that, you know, 200 
would be a good days would be a good stabilization period. But even after one year now, if I 
look at the difference between the standalone and consolidated, there was a negative 
contribution from all of the top line bottom line. But anyways, I think the losses are mounting, 
which is understandable. So, what exactly is the issue with Mahad, is that the plant has not 
stabilized or there are some teething troubles or with machinery or something because there 
has been no revenue so far. So, that would be my question. Where should we look at EBITDA 
at least for the Q4 and then we can take it from there. 

 
Page 9 of 12 
Management: 
So, Saket to answer your first question, I think, A, when you are in the generic ingredient space 
a lot of the actions that you take and a lot of the projected outcomes that you might have, 
there might be a bit of a gap in terms of achieving them. And unlike some other industries 
where the outcomes are relatively faster, especially when you look at the chemical industry 
and when you look at, say, something like Mahad, which was a very large site, which has been 
taken or acquired with future in the plan, we have ended spending money, which was a little 
more than what we would have spent if we would have just built the Evermoss plant in some 
of our other sites, point number one. So, I think if you are going to probably look at a process 
of and which is what Shyamal mentioned in his speech, that what we are trying to create is a is 
a sustainable infrastructure, which will continue to churn out products for a long period of time. 
Especially Q3, especially geopolitical, if you just add all these factors up and look at the EBITDA 
movement, I mean, a lot of companies who are in this space also have shown a similar kind of 
movement. So, to answer your question, Mahad will take its time, it is taking a little while 
longer. And that is beyond our control, what is in our control is to ensure that we continue to 
move in the positive space, which we are. And we will give you I mean, whether it is 8% to 10%, 
whether it is less than eight, where it will stay, something which only time will tell, we are 
pretty confident about our business model. And we are not looking at it specifically from a 
quarter-to-quarter perspective, but from a long-term sustainability perspective and 
opportunities are back in the market. 
Saket: 
And how is that FMCG initiative doing? Because I see the margins remain on a downward 
trajectory. So, when that strategy, is it really working out or it is still subscale for it to add 
meaningfully or in fact, or maybe even it is contributing negatively because there might be 
some advertising spend or distribution expenses. So, none of the strategy seems to be working 
for our way that is the limited point, right? But I understand maybe that is a long term path, 
but still able to look at even if you look at the last three years now, two to four years now, 
when the performance has not really kicked in, and we were positioned as such specialized 
people who were looking at individual chemistry capabilities. So, something out of the business 
model has been struggling. So, can you update on that FMCG bit? I requested for that in the 
PPT, but this time the PPT hardly has anything for us to really connect with the company on the 
long term frame. Very simple or just a state of basic facts. So, not really as an investor, I think 
there could be a bit more explanation just to help us understand how our company is doing. 
So, anything on the FMCG front, sir?  
Management: 
Sure. So, I think I will take your note on the presentation side. We had an internal discussion of 
the subject. It is still work in progress. Point number one. Point number two, I think the FMCG 
segment of the business continues to stay stronger. We all have to also be mindful that the 
FMCG part of our business is in camphor, which as a product is very much under pressure in 
terms of the profitability. Hence, the normal outcome that we should see in that piece of our 
business, we are unfortunately unable to kind of capitalize on it. But like I said, we are currently 
focusing on customer retention, we are focusing on sales maximization, and we are very 

 
Page 10 of 12 
confident that the opportunities will come. I mean, if you look at the past two or three years, 
the past two or three years have been very asset creation heavy. And all these assets are now 
on the ground. And so now it is our job to ensure that they get filled up and are sold to capacity, 
which is what we are doing. So, we are pretty confident if that has not been translated in our 
PPT, we will make an attempt to probably make a better one next time. 
Saket: 
I would prefer to translate into the number. I think mainly the PPT part was just to educate us 
about FMCG because that is not necessarily a confidential area. And some of the other 
companies who are into that camphor branding, at least give us that these are new launches 
that we are doing. Because even Amazon or say, digital e-commerce companies, there is a very 
limited listing of 3 pine. Other companies have different varieties of camphor offerings, right 
from room fresheners to gifting packs. So, the innovation is very much visible there, right? 
Management: 
Saket ji, just to answer your question, I am not going to discuss my FMCG sales strategy with 
you on the investor call point number one. I think all the positive points that you have said, we 
have taken it into a note and we will try to definitely place it in our presentation. If you look at 
the fine print of Shyamal's speech, it says very clearly that we are currently in a sales 
maximization mode. And if you look at the sales number and if you look at the production 
number, for nine months or for year-on-year, we are achieving our targets. We are not going 
to go and oversell in a market where the pricing is not correct. And hence we are waiting and 
watching the situation. Everything that goes down has to go up. We are already seeing some 
green shoots because of the American market opening up. So, as quarter goes by, I can only 
tell you two things, Saket ji. Keep faith and patience, things will happen. And that is what we 
believe in working. 
Saket: 
Okay sir. Thank you, sir. And I appreciate and apologies if I was harsh at any moment. 
Management: 
Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. The next question is the follow-up question from Kaustubh Bubna 
from BMSPL. Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Bubna: 
Yes, thanks again. So, I wanted to understand what is the total capacity at Mahad? Which 
markets are we going to be in terms of what would be the ideal domestic export split that we 
target at this from Mahad? And I mean, how long do you think we will take to reach 75%, 70%, 
75% utilization in this facility? And then what is the management's plan for total capacity at 
Mahad post? I mean, what is the broader plan in terms of how big, including brownfield 
etcetera? 
Management: 
So, Kaustubh, I think a lot of these questions have been answered by us very specifically in our 
previous calls. But I will probably try to kind of summarize them. The Mahad facility or the 
Mahad site that we have is a 18 acre site. So, we have currently only implemented phase one. 

 
Page 11 of 12 
But when we had to implement phase one, we had to do the land development for the whole 
site. And that took up a substantially large chunk of the investment that was done there, point 
number one. Point number two is we are looking at a split of anywhere between 30% local and 
70% exports in terms of the 250 tonnes that we have kind of earmarked for this particular plant, 
which will help us get into the profitable zone. We already have reached around, I mean, to be 
very honest, the real production in that plant has only started from June 2025. So, in seven 
months, we are already seeing that the plant is running at anywhere between 30% to 35% of 
its capacity. And like I had mentioned in my previous call, that there is a six month cycle 
between a sample submission and getting the approval for commercial shipments. And 
assuming that the plant started in June and we started our first commercial sampling for the 
global customers in August and September, I think the next two quarters should see Mahad 
getting into some level of independence, point number one. And this is not something which 
is new for us, because between 2018 and 2026, we have had multiple plants in very large size, 
all of them brownfield zone, where we have commissioned the plants. And then within a period 
of 1000 days, have moved to the expected sale level. Now, in this case, there was a slight 
aberration because of one year lost in the whole geopolitical confusion that has happened 
globally. 
Kaustubh Bubna: 
Yes, exactly. So, yes thanks. And just one clarification on camphor. Is camphor purely domestic, 
our sales, or we have some exposure to western markets? 
Management: 
We are the world's, to the best of my knowledge, we are the world's, and I stand corrected, we 
are the world's only US FDA approved camphor manufacturer, point number one. We also have 
WHO and GMP certified camphor. So, I do not have the exact number of exports, but we play 
a very large role globally in the pain management space when it comes to the medical side of 
the camphor business. 
Kaustubh Bubna: 
So, your camphor business could also be impacted by the US tariff situation and what is 
happening in Europe, because of 
Management: 
So, I think what we will have to do is we will have to probably lay to rest the whole US tariff 
situation because I think that has gone. So, no rearview mirror. Yes, it was impacted to an 
extent, like I said, because for a brief period of six to eight months, India and China were 
probably for a US customer placed at the same level of tariffs. India always had that advantage 
of between, like Dharmil said, between 25% to 28%. And then suddenly we found that we were 
at the same level as China. Whereas now when we are scaled back to 18%, we will now retain 
that 20%, which is needed, especially in the American market, because of the certain 
advantages that a Chinese manufacturer has. So, I think just to answer your question in a very 
short way, I feel that we have to put the tariffs to rest. We have to now look forward and we 
have to take the advantage of this situation and grow the business. 
Kaustubh Bubna: 
Thank you so much for the detailed answer. Thank you. 

 
Page 12 of 12 
Management: 
Thank you Kaustubh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Dharmil Bodani from Oriental Aromatics Limited for the closing comments. 
Dharmil A. Bodani: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings conference call. I hope we have been able to 
answer your questions satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know 
more about the company, please reach out to our IR managers at Valorem Advisors. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Oriental Aromatics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
