 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
Registered Office:  
No.4/1-2, Crescent Road,  
Bangalore – 560001, India 
T +918022378000  
E hslblr@himatsingka.com 
CIN L17112KA1985PLC006647 
www.himatsingka.com 
 
REF: HSL/SEC/2026/11 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
To  
The Deputy Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code: 514043 
To 
The Manager  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai 400051 
Symbol: HIMATSEIDE 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for Analysts and Investors. 
 
Ref: Disclosure under Part A of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to Part A of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the Earnings Call for Analysts and 
Investors held on Thursday, February 12, 2026.  
 
Please note that the transcript of the aforesaid earnings conference call shall be made available on 
the website of the Company.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Himatsingka Seide Limited 
 
 
 
Bindu D.  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
 
DORAISWA
MY BINDU
Digitally signed by 
DORAISWAMY BINDU 
Date: 2026.02.16 19:22:27 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
“Himatsingka Seide Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Management of HIMATSINGKA SEIDE LIMITED:  
 Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka – Executive Vice Chairman & Managing Director  
 Mr. Sankaranarayanan M – President Finance & Group Chief Financial Officer  
  
  Mr. Bankesh Dhingra – Vice President & Chief Financial Officer – Operations  
 Mr. Bimal Agarwal – Vice President, Corporate Finance  
 Mr. Harikrishnan Balasubramanian – Associate Vice President, Finance,         
Banking & Compliance  
 
Moderator: Ms. Prerna Jhunjhunwala – Elara Securities India Private Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Himatsingka Seide Limited Q3 FY '26 
Earnings Call hosted by Elara Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Prerna Jhunjhunwala -- from Elara Securities. Thank you, 
and over to you, Ms. Prerna. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you, Nitya. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities India Private 
Limited, I would like to welcome you all for Q3 FY '26 Post Results Conference Call of 
Himatsingka Seide Limited. Today, we have with us the senior management of the company, 
including Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka, who is Executive Vice President and Managing Director -
- sorry, Executive Vice Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Sankaranarayanan M, President, 
Finance and Group CFO; Mr. Bankesh Dhingra, Vice President and CFO, Operations; Mr. Bimal 
Agarwal, Vice President, Corporate Finance; Mr. Harikrishnan Balasubramanian, Associate 
Vice President, Finance, Banking and Compliance. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka for opening remarks, post 
which we can take the Q&A session. Thank you, over to you, sir. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you very much, Prerna, and I'd like to welcome everybody to the earnings call. Thank 
you for taking the time. As always, I'll just start with a business update, and then I'll be happy to 
take any questions that you might have. 
 
So on the business front, the consolidated total revenue stood at about INR637.26 crores down 
from INR722 crores during the same period last year, but range-bound vis-a-vis Q2 operating 
revenues. The decline was primarily on account of the overhang of tariffs that, as we all know, 
prevailed during the quarter and therefore, affected our revenue streams during this period. 
 
The Q3 '26 other income of approximately INR25 crores was primarily on account of foreign 
exchange movements in the ordinary course of business, given the depreciation of the rupee vis-
a-vis the USD during the quarter. Capacity utilizations had a small correction, while our spinning 
plant was at 99%. Our Sheeting and Terry Towel divisions saw approximately 100 to 200 basis 
point correction during the quarter. Again, mirroring some of the impact that we had on the 
revenue front. 
 
Despite the reduction of U.S. tariffs now that have been announced recently from 50% to 18%, 
but we strategically continue to want to focus on driving revenue streams from non-U.S. 
jurisdictions. That remains a strategic priority for us. That we will do despite potential growth 
in the U.S., but we'll still continue to target enhancing revenue streams from non-U.S. 
jurisdictions. 
 
The Indian market continues to be a high priority for us, as we have been saying, and we 
currently serve the market with 3 brands. The brands are positioned to serve consumers across 
price points and channels. And our India business continues to demonstrate consistent growth 

 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
Y-o-Y reinforcing our domestic presence as we see it. We are present across all channels, and 
we think India is going to be an important market for us in the years to come. It's relatively small 
at this point, but it's showing the right signs in terms of growth prospects. 
 
Needless to say, it's very positive for us to see the EU FTA go through, and the recent U.S. tariff 
revisions along with the announcement of the EU FTA has undoubtedly paved the way for 
several new opportunities for us to expand and to tap into a new potential opportunities across 
major markets. 
 
I would also like to add that in addition to our focus in enhancing our utilization levels from our 
existing product lines, Himatsingka will be introducing new product verticals by leveraging our 
existing infrastructure and capabilities in order to accelerate our utilization levels in order to 
diversify our revenue streams and tap new opportunities that will arise in the wake of the new 
regulatory frameworks that one sees globally. So this is from us on the business update front. I'll 
be happy to take any questions that you might have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Yash Naik from KamayaKya Wealth 
Management Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Yash Naik: 
And so since there is a tariff reduction from U.S. so sir, can we expect from the next financial 
year, we can expect the margin to be around our previous margin like around 20% or we need 
to wait for some time? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No. I think progressively going into the next year, margin should normalize. What I think will 
happen is as we have shared with you all earlier during the period of tariffs or at least a 50% 
regime. Obviously, we had to share in the pain, and we had given support to clients. We will 
have to conclude our negotiations with clients in order to get most of it back. And we feel that 
margin should normalize going into as we progress in FY '27. 
Yash Naik: 
And sir, since now there is 1.5 months so there, we might experience some pain in Q4, right? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Sorry, we might experience -- sorry? 
Yash Naik: 
Some pain in Q4 as we have already now 1.5 months in the Q4. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes. I mean I don't think Q4 will see any immediate release because the tariffs have just been 
announced. And after they were announced by the time the executive orders were signed, it took 
another few days. And so by -- there won't be any major positive impact as far as Q4 is 
concerned. 
Yash Naik: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, last question is regarding, sir, if you could any -- provide any guidance on 
the revenue front in FY '27? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
We don't unfortunately give guidances, but I will reiterate the fact that we are actively looking 
and seeing new product lines to accelerate our growth rates, and we will be doing so by 
leveraging our existing infrastructure that we possess. Our capex will not be altered any capexes 
on account of new product verticals will be within our annual maintenance capex buckets. 

 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
 
But we feel that our inherent infrastructure capabilities are diverse, and we believe that the FTAs 
the reduction in reciprocal tariffs and where India stands after having signed also the U.K. FTAs 
will unleash potential not just in the home textile space, but other areas as well. And we feel that 
our infrastructure geared to cater to these opportunities, and we don't want to miss out on it. 
 
Himatsingka is not solely a home textile player, although it's been our focus all these years. We 
have a very strong know-how and infrastructure capability in the cellulosic value chain, and we 
want to leverage that for other product categories. The categories could include apparel 
solutions, could include fabric solutions and also yarn solutions. 
 
So we would like to strengthen our product portfolio, this will help us diversify our revenue mix, 
our geography mix. It would help us mitigate any concentration risk and will open up a whole 
new world of opportunities for us to tap into. So we are very excited about that. We certainly 
don't want to depend only on 2 product categories to drive growth. 
 
We see more buoyancy in our bath business, going forward. Our bedding business, while it will 
see growth, but the growth would be a little more muted, and we want to utilize some of our 
expertise and infrastructure, as I said, to tap into new growth verticals and much larger market 
pools where global market -- where global trade is substantially larger than that of home textiles. 
It will also land up enhancing our domestic revenue stream substantially other than what we will 
do in home textiles. 
Yash Naik: 
Currently, if you could provide the domestic revenue, like I feel our revenue from U.S. is around 
60%. And in the last call you mentioned. So is it in the same range? And what would be the 
share of India in Q3 and going ahead as well? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
We haven't disclosed India-specific numbers. But we feel U.S. will substantially -- will come 
down substantially below the 50% mark over the next 18 to 24 months is what we believe, if not 
earlier. And we will continue to see India grow for us. I think India should become 
approximately INR400 crores to INR500 crores market in the next, I would say, 2 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Singh from Multi-Bagger Stocks. 
Aditya Singh: 
Okay. I had a question regarding the raw materials. Like how do we diversify compared to -- we 
source our raw material from? Is it majorly U.S.? Or are we thinking of shifting to some other 
countries? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Could you repeat your question? Your voice is very muffled? 
Aditya Singh: 
Yes. I was just wondering that if we are changing our sourcing from U.S. of raw materials? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No. So we don't source only from the U.S. There are some varietals of raw materials we source 
from the U.S. But we largely -- a lot of the cotton we use emanates from India. And going 
forward, we are not changing anything as such, we are adding to the existing portfolio of 
products we do. So our Home Textile Solutions product portfolio will remain strong and an 
integral part of our offering. 

 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
 
We'll continue to focus on the growth that comes from there. But we will also look at accelerating 
growth rates, tapping into new verticals, which offer a whole new world of opportunity for us. 
And in doing so, our raw material mix will shift more -- more and more in favor of Indian raw 
material content. But again, that could vary depending on client requirements. 
Aditya Singh: 
Okay. And next question was regarding the EU FTA. So how can we capitalize on this 
opportunity? Like are we moving towards European suppliers or European retailers more than 
the U.S. ones? Because you told us that you were thinking of diversifying your portfolio more. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes. So I think by the time the EU FTA comes into force, which will take, I guess, a few months. 
I'm certainly not aware of the exact time frame from -- in terms of when it comes into force. And 
I guess the U.K. FTA is also work in progress and will come into force in a few months. So this 
will open up all the countries that fall in these jurisdictions, where India have an equal footing 
vis-a-vis some of the other suppliers that currently have duty-free access. 
 
And so we will most definitely see interest from these jurisdictions vis-a-vis home textile 
products, but also vis-a-vis products that we will add to our portfolio. So yes, non-U.S. 
jurisdictions should continue to rise in terms of revenue contribution and market access. 
Aditya Singh: 
Okay. And when you say revenue contribution, like can you put a number on that, this is the 
number that we are targeting from the EU market in a specific time period or whatever it be, in 
the next FY or in the next from next FY? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
As I said, over the next 2 fiscals, we would like to substantially correct our U.S. exposure, and 
diversify our exposure. And a lot of that will be taken up by India and the EMEA region, which 
is Europe, Middle East and Africa. I think these 2 jurisdictions will be, let's just say, the most 
benefited from our change in revenue mix. But that doesn't mean our absolute numbers in the 
U.S. will decline. It's just that the rate of growth in some of the other jurisdictions we see could 
potentially outpace the growth that we will see in the U.S. over the next period of time. 
Aditya Singh: 
Yes. I understood. But I was just asking if you could quantify the number. Like if you would 
have said INR400 crores to INR500 crores market to be in India. I just want to a number for the 
EU market like that. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Unfortunately, the market numbers for India is in context to a number that I put out there where 
I said that we'll be looking at approximately INR800 crores to INR1,000 crores from India over 
the next 4, 5 years, which I had said a year back. And I think that in the next 18 to 24 months, 
we should be in the INR400 crores to INR500 crores mark, vis-a-vis you -- I won't be able to 
put a number on it, but I do think it will be very substantial in terms of -- I mean not EU -- other 
jurisdictions non-U.S. will be very substantial over the next 18 to 24 months vis-a-vis our 
revenue mix. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavin Chheda from Enam Holdings. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Yes, sir, can you share your net debt numbers as on December 31? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
INR2,480 crores. 

 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Bhavin Chheda: 
INR2,480 crores. The capacity utilization for the quarter you have given in the press release, can 
you give for 9 months also? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I'll have to get back to you on 9 months, but it should be pretty range bound plus/minus 100 -- 
it will be around 100 basis points higher probably. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
And sir, additionally, this 25% duty has been immediately taken off. So has that got implemented 
on your shipments, which are landing in U.S. right now? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Just hold on. One sec. So yes, 25% is applicable and the move to 18%, I'll have to just check and 
get back. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
So 25% is not payable right now by the U.S. importers, right? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
That's right, yes. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
And majority of that incremental 25%, I believe, was absorbed by Indian company. So the 
straight retention or margin benefit starts coming to us on all the shipment landing in U.S. or it 
would be on new orders, which may start from March or April? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes, it would most definitely be a function of bilateral discussions with a concerned client. It is 
not auto as at least as far as Himatsingka is concerned, I can't speak for the rest of the industry. 
But the dialogue needs to take place. And it certainly will not be effective vis-a-vis shipments 
that land today. It will be effective for them, but our price revision will need to be discussed and 
will be for orders that are over and above what's currently in the system, most probably, but this 
has to be negotiated. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Sure. And sir, my last question, as you said, you have been using Indian cotton, but obviously, 
currently, the U.S. cotton landed price is more or less similar or marginally lower than Indian 
cotton and there has been duty benefit on importing U.S. cotton. So while we have not explored 
on that part, any specific reason for that? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No. Bhavin, the U.S. cotton to the best of my knowledge is definitely not cheaper than Indian 
cotton for the varietals that we use in our industry or at least as far as Himatsingka is concerned. 
So there is no cost advantage vis-a-vis U.S. cotton, that's not accurate. So I would request you 
to just have a look at those things again. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Almost was 50% now, and 25% even -- taking out 25% now because on that import part, duty 
becomes exempt. So I was comparing on a parity on a duty payable basis. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes. But the decision on whether U.S. cotton is going to be used or another cotton is going to be 
used is more linked to product positioning and consumer preferences, it's less to do with any of 
this. So from the supply side, we don't have any cost advantage if we were to use U.S. cotton 
because the price differential is substantial. The impact of tariffs on U.S. denominated -- U.S. 
cotton denominated product was lower. That is true. But vis-a-vis absolute cost of product using 
U.S. cotton will always be more expensive. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shashikant from Brighter Mind Equity Advisors. 

 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
Shashikant: 
So congrats on the set of numbers. My question is about cotton -- on Bangladesh exemption that 
U.S. has given them if they use U.S. cotton. So how much -- and obviously, there was some 
news bites that if Indian companies use U.S. produced cotton, then duty will also be 0 for those 
companies. So how much cotton are we using currently from the U.S.? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
It varies every quarter. It could be 10%, it would be 30%, it could be 40%, it would be 20%, 
depends on the order book and client preferences. So it keeps going. It ranges every quarter. It's 
difficult to put a number on it. 
Shashikant: 
Okay. If you analyze in FY '25, how much percentage of U.S. cotton was part of our cotton 
procurement? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Approximately 30 -- between 30% and 40% of imported cotton. I have to check out how much 
was U.S. 
Shashikant: 
Okay. And as we -- there was the process going on for the completion of and drafting of EU 
FTA currently. So as we expect that it will be done in 12 to 18 months. So what is our strategy 
to get into into these markets? And what is the current market share in European Union? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Our current market share in those jurisdictions, including the U.K. is probably in the region of, 
I guess, 20-odd percent and growing. And we, as a strategy, will obviously do the following. A 
lot of clients are interested as well to enhance their sourcing from India. And we are seeing that 
that interest come through. So it might take a few quarters to fructify because they would like to 
see the FTA in effect. But we are certainly seeing some interest from these jurisdictions vis-a-
vis sourcing from India and balancing their sourcing basket which currently also sources a lot 
from jurisdictions like Pakistan because of duty-free access. 
 
So we are seeing those dialogues start. And so that's going to be obviously something that should 
translate to some business vis-a-vis their inbound interest. And the second piece, of course, we 
will be aggressively pitching given now -- given the fact that we now have a level playing field 
even if we haven't necessarily seen inbound interest, the teams are out there pitching 
aggressively in terms of what's possible from our portfolio and the fact that we now have a level 
playing field. So I think that also will throw up new opportunities and revenue streams. 
 
So all in all, I think there's a lot to tap into in the U.K. and EU. But having said that, I would 
also like to add that other jurisdictions like the Middle East, like India, like APAC and so on 
other non-U.S. jurisdictions as well are seeing some traction. And as I was saying earlier, we 
will be adding new product verticals to accelerate our growth in the quarters to come. We are 
not going to be reliant solely on home textile products. 
 
This strategy will give us a richer portfolio of products to go to market with, especially in the 
backdrop of the new regulatory framework that will be enforced shortly. So I think all in all, 
keeping these initiatives in mind, we should see more accelerated rates of growth going forward 
in the quarters to come. 
Shashikant: 
Understood, sir. About the India market, we had 3 brands, Himeya, Liv, Atmosphere. So how 
much number of stores we are looking to expand this year? And what is the current... 

 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, sir. Sir, your voice is breaking. Can you please repeat? 
Shashi Kant: 
Okay. So it was about the Indian market presence. So currently, how much stores are there and 
how much is COCO and how much is the MBO? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
We largely have an MBO presence. We're not adopting a COCO strategy because of underlying 
challenges in the home textile category. We are not a fashion play. And if we do have stores, 
there will be a more asset-light model such as a franchise model and things like that and more 
experience centers. 
 
So our strategy vis-a-vis India is to be present across channels. We are present in the MBO space, 
which is pan-India. We are present in the large format stores, which are all your department 
stores in the country. We are present in the hospitality space, we are present in servicing the B2B 
requirements of large retailers across India, all the major names. We are present on e-commerce 
platforms. We are present on quick commerce platforms and so on. So we are present across. 
We do not have any franchise stores at this point. But I think our focus will be on other channels 
in the near term. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Securities. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Congratulations on the numbers in a difficult time. Sir, just wanted to understand on the 
cellulosic capabilities that you highlighted at the beginning of the call, could you just highlight 
your interest currently over there? And how are you looking forward to leverage it? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes. Cellulosic nearly means not manmade -- the non-mandate fibers, although we use some of 
it in certain products. But our focus is largely cotton and other cellulosic fibers. It could be 
viscose, it could be linen and so on. But what I was trying to essentially say, Prerna is, 
Himatsingka currently operates in the space of home textile solutions largely. And we have 
products which are bath product portfolio, our bedding products portfolio and our drapery and 
upholstery products portfolio. So these constitute our home textile solutions offerings. 
 
And going forward, our growth rates need to be recalibrated -- and we need -- as we think we 
need to align to the emerging realities, given the FDAs with major jurisdictions and given what 
transpired with the U.S. and the learnings from that, we think that we should be actually going 
to market with a broader range of products than just home textiles. 
 
Our infrastructure is obviously a global scale and capabilities. And we have created extremely 
flexible shop floors over time. And this will enable us to tap new product verticals, which could 
be from -- ranging from fabric solutions to technical textile solutions in the fabric space to 
apparel solutions to yarn solutions and all of that from our existing infrastructure. So we are 
going to be doing that progressively. We are already actively engaged, and we are trying to 
tweak our model to now embrace this new reality. We are very excited about the opportunities 
that could potentially present themselves going forward. 
 
We have had a tough few years. We have spoken about the reasons why we have had a tough 
few years, but we feel it's time to shift gears. Home textiles will continue to be a major portfolio 
for us but we think that our dependence on just this would be limiting ourselves. And therefore, 

 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
we are looking at new frontiers and new opportunities to really transform ourselves going 
forward. We have to play in larger market pools. 
 
Home Textile is pretty restrictive. And as I see it, whatever one says, growth rates can't 
continuously be buoyant in the home textile space. We see bath as a stronger play, and we will 
hopefully see stronger growth rates in that. In sheeting, I think the growth rates will be a little 
more muted. And I feel that the global supply on that product, the math on that will make the 
growth rates a little muted. And therefore, we think that it's time for us to look at new frontiers 
to leverage our current position. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood, sir. Sir, in this context, if I just want to understand that U.K. and Europe FTA getting 
signed in the next 6 to 12 months and getting ratified maybe. So the opportunity with home 
textile is also humongous. So will you be exploring those areas as well in home textiles or it will 
be a combination of both? Because we have very low market share in both bed sheet and towels 
in Europe and U.K.? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes. So we will be exploring that Home Textiles will not take a back seat, Prerna. But we just 
feel that we would like multiple engines to drive growth because just being driven by home 
textile solutions is probably not adequate for us, looking at the global opportunities that are 
presenting themselves, we can't be limited to a product portfolio of home textiles. It's limiting. 
And sometimes the gestation periods of enhancing market share could be different from what 
one believes it will be. 
 
So I'm not trying to say that we will not see growth in home textiles. I'm just trying to say that 
if we were to look at ourselves, we feel that our growth rate needs to substantially be enhanced. 
And in order to do that, we need to work on -- with multiple engines. That's really what we are 
getting at. And so we have identified a few verticals that I've outlined to you, and we are working 
on those fronts to drive growth. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And that's fantastic, sir. Maybe we'll have more clarity on the plan in coming quarters and? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes. We will be sharing more with stakeholders. I just thought that I put this out there as 
something that we are working on and as an update, and it's also linked to the opportunities that 
will seemingly come through because of the changes in regulatory frameworks, i.e., the FTAs 
and the reversal of tariffs and so on. So us looking at fabric solutions or apparel solutions or yarn 
solutions, along with home textile Solutions will pave the way for Himatsingka 2.0 and we'll 
keep stakeholders obviously updated as we go along. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you so much, sir, and all the best. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you all for taking the time this evening. Do get in touch with us should you have any 
further questions, and we'll be happy to answer them to the best of our ability. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Elara Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
