 
 
January 23, 2026 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results and developments 
for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we wish 
to inform that the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on  
January 20, 2026, with respect to the financial performance of the Company for quarter ended 
December 31, 2025, is enclosed herewith.  
 
The 
copy 
of 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://investor.indiamart.com/FinancialResultsStatements.aspx. 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Vasudha Bagri)  
Compliance Officer  
Membership No: A28500 
 
Encl: As above. 
Vasudh
a Bagri
Digitally signed 
by Vasudha Bagri 
Date: 2026.01.23 
18:55:45 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q3 FY2026 Earnings Webinar  
 
Event Date/Time: January 20, 2026 at 17:00 hrs   
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal - Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal - Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Jitin Diwan - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Prateek Chandra - Chief Strategy Officer 
Mr. Avijit Vikram - Head Investor Relations  

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Avijit Vikram, Head 
of Investor Relations. On behalf of IndiaMART InterMESH 
Limited, I welcome you all to the company's Q3 FY26 
Earnings Webinar. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. 
 
Joining us today from the management, we have Mr. Dinesh 
Agarwal - Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Brijesh Agrawal – 
Whole Time Director, Mr. Jitin Diwan - Chief Financial 
Officer, and Mr. Prateek Chandra - Chief Strategy Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to 
Slide #3 of the earnings presentation for the detailed disclosure.  
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal 
for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Good evening everyone and welcome to IndiaMART's Q3 
FY2026 Earnings Webinar. We have circulated our earnings 
presentation, which is available on our website as well as the 
stock exchange website. We are sure you would have gone 
through the same. And we would be happy to take any 
questions afterwards. 
 
IndiaMART has delivered a consolidated revenue from 
operations of Rs. 402 crores in the quarter 3, representing a 
year-on-year growth of 13%. Collections from customers grew 
to Rs. 426 crores, representing year-on-year growth of 17%.  
 
Deferred revenue grew to Rs. 1,775 crores representing year-
on-year growth of 19%. In quarter 3, unique business inquiries 
reached 28 million, growing 4% year-on-year, along with 
continued improvement in the quality of inquiries. 
 
Total number of paying suppliers declined by 1 thousand to 2 
lakh 21 thousand. This decrease can primarily be attributed to 
moderation in gross addition due to price increase we 
implemented in the silver subscription tier during the last 
quarter. Additionally, lesser number of working days due to 
festival season has also contributed to the decline.  
 
Our 
Platinum 
and 
Gold 
customers, 
which 
constitute 
approximately 50% of our customer base, and more than 75% 
of the revenue continue to have good upsell and retention rate. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 3 of 18 
Our company has always been an early adopter of new 
technologies. Nearly a decade ago, we introduced behavioural 
data based matchmaking, which was powered by AI and 
machine learning.  
 
Today, we are accelerating that journey further. We are rapidly 
adopting AI-enabled technologies to enhance the quality of our 
product and platform, improve user experience and engagement 
for buyers and suppliers and reinforcing element of trust across 
the marketplace.  
 
We remain committed to elevating quality standards and 
improving the user experience, to maximise the value offered 
by our platform.  
 
Now I will hand over the call to Brijesh for update on Busy 
Infotech. Thank you, and over to you, Brijesh. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Good evening, everyone. At Busy, we've done a billing of Rs. 
33 crores in Q3. The normalised year-on-year growth rate after 
removing the impact of the change in the payout structure for 
partners is at 28%. The revenue from operations was Rs. 32 
crores, and the deferred revenue was at Rs. 112 crores at the 
end of Q3. This represents a growth rate of 50% and 56% on a 
normalised basis.  
 
The cash flow from operations was Rs. 6 crores for the quarter. 
During the quarter, Busy sold about 10 thousand new licenses, 
taking the total number of licenses sold to about 4 lakh 31 
thousand.  
 
As we have been sharing in the past calls, we continue to invest 
behind enhancing the overall product experience and growing 
the sales channels that we have, so that we can build the 
foundation for sustained high-growth business at Busy for years 
to come. Now with this, I'll hand it over to Jitin to discuss the 
financial comments. 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Good evening, everyone. I'll take you through the financial 
performance for the quarter ending December 2025.  
 
Consolidated Collection from customers was Rs. 426 crores in 
the quarter, representing Y-o-Y growth of 17%. IndiaMART's 
stand-alone Collection from customers for the quarter was Rs. 
390 crores, registering Y-o-Y growth of 14%.  
 
Consolidated Deferred revenue stood at Rs. 1,775 crores, an 
increase of 19% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 4 of 18 
Consolidated revenue from operations was Rs. 402 crores, 
registering Y-o-Y growth of 13% and consolidated EBITDA 
was Rs. 134 crores, representing margin of 33%.  
 
In Q3, Consolidated Other Income for the quarter stood at Rs. 
135 crores. This includes onetime fair valuation gain of about 
Rs. 82 crores on account of revaluation of our strategic 
investment, Baldor Technologies.  
 
Consolidated Net profit for the quarter was Rs. 188 crores. 
Consolidated Cash generated from operations was Rs. 129 
crores. Our Treasury balance stood at Rs. 3,051 crores as of 
December 31, 2025. 
 
Thank you very much. Now we are ready to take any questions. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
We will now begin the Q&A session. If you wish to ask a 
question to the panellists, kindly raise your hand and allow 
camera and microphone access. Alternatively, you may type 
your questions on the Chatbox and we will revert on it. Please 
restrict to two questions so that we may be able to address 
questions from all the participants. We will wait for a few 
seconds, until the question queue assembles.  
 
Moderator:  
First question is from the line of Anmol Garg, from DAM 
Capital. Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your 
question. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of things. Firstly, I 
wanted to understand that it's been now a few quarters since our 
paid supplier numbers have remained kind of subdued. So from 
that perspective, how do you see it going ahead in terms of, do 
you think that somewhere the market is saturated for us? Or do 
you feel that we might have to kind of make changes to our 
business model in terms of introducing transaction-based 
aspects to our business model? Or do we kind of prefer to work 
on the classified+ model going ahead as well? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So let me just answer one by one. 
Do we feel market is saturated? No. Market has kind of 
unlimited demand for enough number of quality leads that can 
be converted by sellers. So there is a number of sellers willing 
to pay if they get leads, which can be converted by them. 
Second, to attract more buyers, do we want to prefer moving to 
a fulfilment model? No. We would like to remain a software 
and tech-oriented company, with enablement embedded 
wherever it can, whether it is trust-related embedding, whether 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 5 of 18 
it is any kind of credit-related embedding, any kind of payment 
facilitation. But we ourselves do not intend to do any sourcing, 
or delivery, or return because the categories are enormous, and 
it is not feasible to go that way. 
 
So, we are continuing to tune-in product market fit for buyers 
so that we can generate as many buyers as possible. As soon as 
that happens, I think we should be able to now get better 
supplier traction. Earlier, about 1.5 years back, I think there 
were problems with the quality of the inquiries also and there 
were problems with the competition also. I had addressed this 
in earlier quarterly calls, that now the competition side, the 
localised inquiry side, the quality of the inquiry, the intent of 
the inquiry, all of that is solved. Most of the suppliers are happy 
with the quality of the inquiries that they are getting. Now if we 
can double the inquiries, I am sure we can double the customer 
count from here.  
 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. Secondly, I wanted to understand that there is a 
slight reduction in our advertisement, SG&A spend in the 
quarter. So when would we move to Rs. 10 crores kind of 
quarterly spend in terms of the digital marketing spend? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, we continue to do that. The little bit of a spend that you'll 
see, a reduction from Rs. 6 crores to Rs. 5.5 crores or so. That 
is because there was Diwali, Dussehra and we didn't want to 
run the ads on the holidays, there's no point running ads on the 
holidays, 25th was a holiday. So that's about it. And secondly, 
as we are running the ads, we are getting confident how to 
optimise for the cost. As far as the scaling goes, I think we are 
trying to find more and more keywords that can be targeted at 
the CPC, rates that we are willing to pay. So we are continuing 
to see that. Hopefully, this quarter, we should be seeing a little 
bit of uptick, but I can't comment when do we plan to spend 
100% of that Rs. 10 crores budgeted every quarter. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. And lastly, if I look at on a Y-o-Y basis, our total 
number of buyers have increased almost by 9-10%, while the 
unique business inquiries still remain kind of range bound. So 
whatever the spend that we are making on the advertisement 
side of things, it looks like that it's attracting more buyers, but 
the suppliers and the unique business inquiries for these 
suppliers kind of remains a range bound. So, do you think that 
maybe there would be a change in strategy in terms of the 
advertisement spend, which will cater towards more supplier 
additions? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No, these particular advertisements are mostly related to very 
transactional buyer requirement. So supplier advertising is 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 6 of 18 
mostly on the social media. So, YouTube, Instagram, 
Facebook, LinkedIn, you will find more supplier-oriented 
advertising. You will find more buyer oriented advertising 
where buyers are actually searching for products such as on 
Google. So both the channels are different for buyer advertising 
and supplier advertising. And in terms of registered buyers and 
unique business inquiries, there are seasonal factors, I think 
plus/minus 2-3% keeps on happening. I think I would be happy 
to keep focusing on the unique business inquiries. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure. Understood. And just a bookkeeping one. Is there any 
impact of new labour code on our business? 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Yes. So we have impact of new labour code. We have taken an 
impact of about Rs. 8.5 crores in P&L. And after that, the net 
profit and EBITDA number which has come, is there. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
So is this a onetime impact or is something... 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
That is right. This is a one-time impact. As mandated by ICAI, 
there was a onetime impact which was supposed to be taken in 
books. So we have created a liability and an expense of Rs. 8.5 
crores, which is a one-time impact. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Prashant Kothari, from Pictet 
Asset Management. Please unmute yourself and go ahead with 
your question. 
 
Prashant Kothari: 
I wanted to understand about the unique inquiries. They are 
growing at a very healthy rate in the last two quarters, like 
17%, 12% and suddenly, it has dropped to 4% growth Y-o-Y. 
Is there any kind of one-off factors there? Or are we losing 
momentum despite our digital advertising initiatives? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I would call it mostly seasonal factors. 
 
Prashant Kothari: 
And can you explain what happened? Like what has changed 
seasonally out there? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: What changed seasonally in terms of quarter 3 last year versus 
quarter 3 this year? 
 
Prashant Kothari: 
Yes, please. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Generally, speaking holidays here and there, sometimes just 
having one additional working day or two additional working 
days also happen. And from Q2 to Q3, it is always lower, if you 
see historically also. But even if you compare Q3 to Q3, you 
are right that it was growing at 14%, 15%, but now it has come 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 7 of 18 
down to 7%. Because in those holiday days, we didn't even 
advertise. So earlier in the Q1 and Q2, we advertise all the 90 
days. In this particular quarter, we advertised only for 75 - 80 
days. That's why you see the advertising expense also lower by 
Rs. 50 lakhs or so. 
 
Prashant Kothari: 
Okay. Okay, sir. And how the churn levels are now? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: The churn levels continue to be same. There is not much 
change that we see. So if you remember, we started doing these 
changes in the product side, especially supplier side product 
changes that we started doing some time around November, 
December, January, February, March. So I'm expecting that 
any annual display of the churn would be available sometime 
around April, May, June, not before that. 
 
Prashant Kothari: 
Okay. And just I noticed that you stopped reporting the total 
traffic data. Was it just an omission or is this planned ? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I guess I mentioned it last time also because currently, the bot 
traffic is coming from everywhere. Whether it is ChatGPT bot. 
And there are hundreds of LLM bots now, search engine bots, 
new browser bots, agentic bots. So in the traffic, when trying to 
identify the actual human traffic versus bot traffic, it was years 
of Google being monopoly, that systems have become stable 
enough to identify what is a bot traffic and what is not. 
 
Nowadays, there is so many new crawlers are coming like this 
Parallel Web, Exa, those kind of things. So I guess this traffic is 
moving very radically and that's why and I told you last time 
also that we should be removing it, so we removed it. 
 
Prashant Kothari: 
Okay. And one last question, when do you think you will feel 
confident to accelerate on the addition of new paid suppliers? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I am not able to comment on that. I think I will continue to 
focus on providing better quality and better quantity. As soon 
as it starts to trend 2-3 quarters in one single direction, then you 
will see. However, if you see this particular quarter, we have 
reversed from a sub-10% collection growth over the last 4-5 
quarters to about 13-14%. So I think there's some positive that I 
can see, but has that resulted dramatically into any kind of 
churn parameters? And until the churn parameters become 
better, I'm not in a position to even invest dramatically on the 
gross addition. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Anirudh Shetty, from 
Solidarity Investments. Please unmute yourself and go ahead 
with your question. 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So just a few questions. I would 
like you to comment on the ARPU growth company level and 
for the top 10% customers just over the last three quarters or so, 
it seems that the pace of growth has seen a bit of a slowdown in 
Q1 FY 2026, it was 9% growth, 7% last quarter. It's come 
down to 6%, similar trend for top 10% of customers. And you 
mentioned you will have taken a price hike. So if you can just 
share more colour on what's happening over there? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I have always guided to 6-8% on the ARPU and top 10% 
ARPU at 9-11%, and that is how it is going. Yes, there could be 
certain periods, when the customer count was not growing at all 
then the ARPU growth was higher. So ARPU growth is now 
coming in line to the long-term trend of 6-8%. I don't think 
anything different was told. 
 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Got it. And our collection growth has been quite strong. It's 
been 14%, well ahead of what we are getting in terms of 
revenue. So is there something, what has been the delta over 
here in terms of what explains why collection growth has been 
faster than, say, ARPUs and our revenue growth overall? So 
this is like a good normalised growth rate to expect? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah. So if you see the revenue side of it, you will be able to 
multiply the customer growth and ARPU growth. But on the 
collection, collection is a leading indicator where collections 
grew first and then they will go to deferred revenue and then 
they will go through the revenue. So that's how they will 
reconcile. We actually internally maintained two metrics. One 
is average collection per customer and average revenue per 
customer. So we are able to understand what is the collection 
growth. 
 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Got it. And just one final question. The net adds, so essentially, 
just to understand it more clearly, you mentioned that the churn 
levels have not changed vis-a-vis the past. So essentially, the 
gross adds in this quarter, will you be able to quantify what 
would that be?  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: As I said at end of last quarter, last quarter means end of 
September. In the month of September, we had taken a price 
increase. October, November, December was the first full 
quarter where the price increase was effective. Even in January, 
February, March, we are probably recovering. So I think gross 
additions should be coming to natural numbers sometime 
around April, May, June. So one more quarter of maybe 
plus/minus 0 customer addition you can expect. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 9 of 18 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nikhil Choudhary from 
Nuvama. Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your 
question. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Thanks for the opportunity. First question on gross addition 
side. Sir, you mentioned in your remark on one earlier question, 
that there are enough supplier to target, right? If we have so 
much large supplier base which we can target, then why gross 
addition will get impacted despite of price hike? We should be 
able to get higher gross addition if you want to, right? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah. We will be able to get, it's just that every time you 
change some Rs. 500, Rs. 1,000 price, the sales team takes a 
little time to adjust to it. There's no problem theoretically. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Got it. Second thing on this standalone collection growth. So 
you see standalone collection growth increased to 14% 
compared to 8-10%, what we have been seeing since last few 
quarters. How sustainable this mid-teen growth is? And what 
led to this acceleration from last quarter? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So as I said, to some extent, I think the better gold and platinum 
monetisation led to some better average collection per 
customer. So maybe half a percent  recovery on the renewal 
rate and better collection. However, at least, let it repeat for 1 
or 2 quarters, and then we can say that this is a trend. 
Otherwise, for a one-off 14%, I think let's not become very 
happy about it. But I think we are cautious. We are targeting 
even JFM quarter to be similar, but let's see. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Got it. Your comment about this higher renewal area, does that 
mean that we saw lower churn in gold and platinum this time 
compared to previous quarter? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So as I said, it is too little to quantify. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Got it. Just last one from my side. You made a comment that 
we might see lower churn from April, May, June, what gives 
you confidence? Is there some behaviour you are noticing in 
annual supplier, maybe they are more active on the platform, 
they are consuming more lead? And second, are you seeing 
some, let's say change in churn, especially for silver monthly? 
Is there some activity there? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So monthly is still not recovering, because I think there are two 
separate behaviour that we found. Why somebody takes 
monthly and why somebody takes annual. So one, obviously, 
somebody takes a monthly because of the affordability reason 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 10 of 18 
that he himself has a cash flow problem and wants to pay 
monthly. 
 
And the second is he wants to try the platform and he has not 
made up his mind that, okay, Internet, I want to jump in. 
However, somebody who comes in with annual subscription of 
Rs. 32,000, one, he doesn't have that kind of a cash flow 
problem. And secondly, he has made up his mind that he want 
to try definitely an annual. 
 
So in the annual, the churn rates are always a few percentage 
points lower than the monthly. So we are hoping that the annual 
retentions would improve a little bit. But in the monthly, we 
have not seen any respite. If we have seen, I would have given 
you indicator that okay monthly is improving, so will annual 
improve. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
So we have a question from the chat menu. The question is 
from Mr. Devang Patel. At the margin, some of the buyer 
traffic is moving from Google search to AI search. Given our 
predominant reliance on Google search for traffic, how do we 
see this as a longer-term threat to our business model and what 
are the measures have we taken to tackle it? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Two, three things. One, every time a newer technology and 
more pervasive and more useful technology comes, it overall 
improves the TAM, it means if earlier, X number of people 
were only using Google, now the total number of people that 
will use either Google or Gemini or ChatGPT would be higher 
than X. So it actually expands the TAM anyway. 
 
Now many different publisher companies are facing a 
stagnation in growth of traffic coming from places like Google. 
More so where there is a lot more research required, I have 
heard stories around where there is more research required, 
people do go to AI search. However, where there is a 
transactional unique content discovery, people continue to go to 
the search. 
 
Having said that, if you go to a Google Gemini or if you go to a 
Grok, IndiaMART features well even in those searches. 
However, currently, those are not giving directly blue links, but 
they are giving like a reference within the answer, they are 
giving a reference that this answer has come from here. So we 
are getting links, but this is a general problem. I think we need 
to rely more on our repeat traffic. And that's what we are 
working towards. Currently, our repeat traffics are running 
almost all-time high at 58-59%, repeat inquiries. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 11 of 18 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Swapnil from JM Financial. 
Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
I have two or three questions. The first one is, can you just 
quantify the increase in silver category pricing that you have 
been mentioning? What was it early or and what is the latest 
pricing that you're offering to the suppliers? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Earlier, it was Rs. 3,000 plus tax on a monthly basis. And Rs. 
28,500 plus tax on an annual basis. Now it is Rs. 4,000 plus tax 
on a monthly basis. And currently is Rs. 35,000, but currently, 
we are giving some discount of Rs. 3,000. So it is Rs. 35,000 
minus discount running of Rs. 3,000, so its Rs. 32,000 plus tax 
on an annual basis. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Got it. My follow-up question to that is like given the quantum 
of increase is quite steep. Do you have to think it was the right 
time to take this price hike especially at a time when we have 
not been able to get the proper control over churn rates? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I mean we, as a company, have taken this decision after enough 
discussion and enough pros and cons. So we obviously think 
that it was the right time after many, many years. And we also 
discussed that whether we should go from Rs. 3,000 to Rs. 
3,500 and then Rs. 4,000. But given the size of the sales team 
and the amount of time it takes to absorb and we did a lot of 
survey in the market. Most people said it didn't matter to them 
whether it was Rs. 3,000 or Rs. 4,000. People said what matters 
is either it works or it didn't work. 
 
So I think, yes, you are right, some fence sitters might actually 
churn out because of that. But in general, those fence sitters 
anyway will churn out one month later. So it was well 
discussed and debated step taken by us. So I mean, I'm not sure 
whether it is right or wrong. I mean it's a very subjective 
decision to say whether it is right or wrong. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
I mean, can you help us understand how the churn rates would 
have moved from previous quarter to this quarter because this 
was the first quarter of full price hikes and especially for the 
silver category? So was there a slight increase? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: It doesn't apply to renewals. Renewals continue to happen at 
previous prices, only the next time renewal will come, they will 
come at the newer prices. So if somebody had taken a Rs. 2,500 
monthly subscription and continues to run. He is still running at 
Rs. 2,500 a month. So either somebody breaks a subscription in 
between, then comes back that's when the new prices apply or 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 12 of 18 
if somebody is on the annual subscription, where next year 
subscription will come, that's when his new prices will apply. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
So will it be fair to say that the full impact of the price hikes, 
right or wrong, we will get to know maybe six to nine months 
later, that is when we will be in actual position to understand 
whether it worked or? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Okay. Now coming to, I mean you have said in the past that 
one of the challenges in increasing the suppliers was the quality 
of business inquiries that these suppliers used to get and some 
of them were not happy that led to some incremental churn. But 
do you think the way our sales teams approach the suppliers 
there could be some improvements needed on that side also. I 
mean I've done some analysis on that side. I mean the way our 
pitch would be to the suppliers and require change? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Obviously, there is also some improvement possibilities, when 
it comes to sales, yes, better qualification, better presentation, 
better convincing help. When it comes to servicing and churn, 
more enablement, better CRM, better training also helps. And 
we continue to work on both sides, as I admitted five quarters 
ago, that until 4-5 quarters, we were actually thinking that it is 
purely and purely sales and service execution problem. 
However, I myself went to the customer meetings and now I 
have met almost 100 customers myself. There were small and 
small things that customers were worried about they were 
getting irritated about. 
 
And we found few errors also. There were few blind spots in 
our product because something which was working, working 
for a long period of time, we tightened. So I think it has helped 
us. And now when I go and see and when we see the leading 
indicators, I think our engagement levels have improved, the 
buylead sold ratio has improved, the irrelevancy feedback has 
improved. So many of those have improved. 
 
Nowadays, more complaint is how do I get more inquiries? I'm 
unable to cash this buylead. So that gives me some confident 
that there was some problems. But yes, sales and service can be 
definitely improved and AI is now helping us put the CRM 
context. And so we are trying to find if we can use help of 
some Copilot on the servicing side, where the AI can suggest 
the action of a meeting or action of the call. So I think those are 
the things that will help us improve the sales, apart from 
training and training. How do I enable a normal sales person 
because having said that, we will do training, it's still a high 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 13 of 18 
attrition role, field sales and servicing, telesales and servicing is 
a high attrition role across the industry. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
But my question actually was slightly on the side, like have you 
considered any changes on the top management side, people 
leading the sales vertical, from that side, I mean is that a 
solution to the problem? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No, I don't think so. I mean if you look at our leadership team, 
for the last 15 years, they have done a great job and even in this 
particular quarter, I think. So I think we have a very good team, 
and I would encourage any of you to meet our leadership team 
at different places, regional teams. And there is some 
performance level rotation, job rotation and churn that 
continues to happen even at that level. So we do take action in 
certain particular locations or when certain particular verticals 
are not performing well. But if you are suggesting that a lot of 
churn at the top level in the business, I don't think that is the 
problem. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC 
Securities. Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your 
question. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Most of questions have been answered. But just to get a clarity. 
You mentioned about the addition thing has been stable, but 
despite of that, we have seen the increase in the collections, 
which was pretty strong. So is it that the existing customers are 
opting for more like multiyear packages and expanding their 
existing packages to move from the regional to more wider 
packages? So that is also leading to kind of collections growth 
despite the additions being muted? So this is one. 
 
And then also in terms of the ARPU, is it now that company is 
getting tuned to more like milking the existing customers or 
enhancing the value for the existing customers only? Or how to 
see the overall strategy here? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes. So as I said in the earlier answer also, the 13-14% 
collection growth is obviously the number of customers 
multiplied by the average collection for customer. Now within 
that, it's everything small, small that works together at certain 
places, it is a higher upsell. In certain places, it is the higher 
multiyear renewal. At certain places, the renewal itself has 
improved in the gold and platinum. 
 
Now coming to your second question, whether we are tuned to 
higher ARPU, these two go hand-in-hand. If you want to target 
a 20% plus growth rate ideally speaking, the company should 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 14 of 18 
target 10% coming from customer addition and 10% coming 
from ARPU addition. I mean it could go from 5-15%, but I'm 
saying anywhere between, if you want to get all of the growth 
coming from ARPUs, it might get difficult. If you want our all 
of the growth coming from customer addition, it might be 
difficult. 
 
The second part is that each segment plays a different role at 
IndiaMART. The Silver customer brings the buyer side 
leadership because it gives you the availability of everything 
and anything on IndiaMART. So that's how you can say ‘kaam 
yahi banta hai’ or any product is available or cheapest prices 
available. While the ARPU growth at the Platinum side, which 
drives the ARPU growth, that brings all the profitability. So if 
you just leave one lever, either you will lose on the top line or 
your lose on the bottom line. So we have to balance in the long 
run, both of them. We can't leave it on one side. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
And in some of the calls, you mentioned that change in attrition 
in the Silver monthly or annual bucket might lead to increase in 
the collections. So is it fair to assume that, say, like if the 
attrition level comes to normalised level maybe in the next one 
or two quarters, maybe we can see 5-6% more increase in terms 
of the collections growth from the current 14% to maybe 17-
18%, which we were seeing two years back when the attrition 
was normalised? So is the maths still similar? 
 
And the second question is that obviously, you mentioned 
about the sales thing that we have been trying to do and in 
terms of training. So apart from the sales, another very 
important aspect is the technology because from that, we have 
obviously, it is getting upgraded. But do you think that the 
platform needs a very severe upgrade in terms of way the 
things are handled in terms of business inquiries or in terms of 
the interaction it is having with the buyers and the sellers that 
upgrade? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: There's a huge opportunity today in terms of upgrading the 
platform in many ways, whether it is user interface, whether it 
is user experience, whether it is multi-model, whether it is 
multilingual, whether it is instead of search, a chatbot. Also, I 
think earlier it was trust indicators which are mostly direct. 
Now with AI, you can have a lot of indirect ways of creating 
internal trust score, preventing any kind of suspicious activity. 
So I guess, content moderation, every aspect today, given the 
technology has taken and technology has enabled it very, very 
nicely in the last year, especially.  
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 15 of 18 
It has come within reach of everybody I mean, just take an 
example of voice AI. Today, almost 80% of our buyer 
interaction, which used to happen on a normal call have already 
been gone to AI bot, Voice bot. And they are performing better 
in terms of quality and better in terms of productivity. So I 
guess whether it is platform, whether it is content, whether it is 
user experience everywhere, world over, every technology 
platform, every UI platform, will require significant upgrade. 
And we are cognizant of that fact, and we have always been 
ahead, and a very good user of the technology. We started 
Internet portal in 1995, so that will give you some glimpse of 
future that we can see. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
No, no, sir, that has been really a great journey. But why I'm 
asking is this because I know for several years, we have seen 
like user interface typically being the same, right? We have not 
seen a very major upgrade. So where we are in terms of the 
upgrade journey, if you can give some idea. And also in terms 
of the internal technology team, how the internal technology 
functions and things? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So there are two things. One is the look and feel that you see. 
Maybe look and feel is a little dated, and I take that feedback. I 
mean if you really look at the Microsoft Excel in 1992 and 
today, they are the same, but with the greater functionality. So 
there is nothing much that has changed on Google or Microsoft 
Excel in last 20-30 years. It is the substance that gets changed. 
 
Having said that, feedback taken, we will upgrade and uplift the 
design and feel. However, the technology slide is in front of 
you. You can see there is a lot of changes currently going on, 
and we are very proud of our own technology platform. You 
just see the site speed that we open and the complexity of the 
things that we do, we are very proud of that and we do 
benchmarking with our technology. Our technology platform is 
equivalent or faster, similar to Amazon.com. 
 
Our security levels are 96%, which is even one point higher 
than Amazon. So I think we continuously benchmark ourselves 
with Google and Amazon of the world. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shubham Sehgal from 
Securities Investment Management. Please unmute yourself 
and go ahead with your question. 
 
Shubham Sehgal: 
My first question is, could you share the typical progression of 
the paid suppliers from Silver to Gold or Platinum tiers? And 
additionally, I just want to understand how has this trend 
changed in the recent one or two years compared to the past 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 16 of 18 
years. So due to the churn, how this trend has changed. And if 
you could just share a typical progression on an annual basis, 
how many suppliers we expect from the silver category to get 
upgraded? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, historically, 15-20% customers from silver move to gold. 
From gold, another 15% customer typically move to platinum, 
its 10%, I think. So nowadays ever since the renewals have 
dropped, most of the upsell has dropped. So 80% of drop will 
come from the upsell because if the renewal was higher 
because most of the upsell happens at the time of renewal, 
when the people come up for renewal, that's when the upsell 
happen. 
 
Since the renewal itself has dropped by 10-15%, I think the 
upsell itself is currently trending at 8-9%. So from 17-18% 
upsell, which used to trend anywhere between 15-20%, that is 
now trending at 5-10%, depending upon the different industries 
and different buckets. 
 
Shubham Sehgal: 
Got it. My next question was, in the previous calls, you had 
mentioned that there is still a significant headroom for ARPU 
expansion among the enterprise customers that we have, given 
their large marketing budgets. So could you help me quantify 
this potential? And what is the estimated ARPU ceiling for this 
segment, the enterprise segment over the next two, three years? 
And currently, what would be the percentage of IndiaMART's 
current revenue or paying supplier base which would be made 
of these enterprise customers? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So we have about 100 to 200-odd customers in the Enterprise 
segment. And depending upon when I'm saying 100 to 200 
means those who are Platinum and Enterprise both, because 
there might be certain enterprise customers who have been 
using our gold service or using our silver service. Now from 
there, if you see in the top 1% of the customer, you will see 
2,200 customers currently are paying Rs. 11 lakhs per annum. 
So that’s top 2,200 customers. 
 
And within that, if you see the Pareto, at the highest level, we 
have customers who end up paying even upwards of Rs. 50 
lakhs. So this is the average of top 2,200, Rs. 11 lakh. So if you 
see the median and above, you will see that it is ranging from 
Rs. 5 lakhs to Rs. 50 lakh, or so. 
 
Shubham Sehgal: 
So just a follow-up on this regarding the ARPU growth. So you 
mentioned that the normal growth that we expect is around 6-
8%. But in the past few quarters, when we were getting 
accelerated ARPU growth, you had mentioned that it is due to 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 17 of 18 
the new category and differential pricing that we have involved 
in our system. So I just wanted to know like either that category 
pricing difference, has it just normalised in the system, that's 
where now the ARPU growth will normalise as well? Or could 
we again see accelerated periods of ARPU growth? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: ARPU is driven by revenue and revenue is coming from 
deferred revenue, which typically reflects a three quarter ago 
collection trend. So if you want to see the current quarter 
ARPU, if three quarters ago, my collection was 9%, so ARPU 
was out of that, it was 3% was customer growth, 6% is ARPU 
growth, that ARPU growth we are seeing today. Either you see 
customer and collection and average collection but average 
collection per user is not a standard metrics in the market. 
Otherwise, if you see the ARPU, it will always be a 15 months 
moving average ARPU. 
 
Shubham Sehgal: 
Thanks for the clarity. Just last question. So on our platform, 
we do have different tags for different industries like our tag 
known as industry leader or leading supplier, and that's for the 
specific categories or the searches. So is there like a cap on the 
number of these tags that we have, the industry leader and 
leading supplier? And if there is a cap, does this help in 
retaining the customers because if they might go off with the 
tag or like remove the tag, that tag would be handed over to 
someone else. So is there a cap? And does it help in retaining 
any industry? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: It comes at both, if I have a limited number of tags, then I limit 
my TAM because there is a limit to what a single person can 
give. But if I have unlimited, so initially, when we launched the 
industry leader program, I think we had three maximum. But 
over the time, the demand in the market was that I can't pay 
you Rs. 30 lakhs for being an industry leader, but there are 
three people who are willing to pay or five people who are 
willing to pay. So I think we have only one product, which is 
the category leader or something, which is not visible there as a 
tag but other than that, all the products are available with the 
demand supply kind of thing. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
So we have one last question from the chat menu, which we 
can take, probably. This is related to accounting products. This 
question is from Mr. Vaibhav Jain. In our accounting products, 
can you throw some light on how the products are different 
from each of them or how they complement each other as part 
of the stack? And what is the value addition in comparison to 
competition like Tally, Zohobooks, etc? 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
January 20, 2026  
 
Page 18 of 18 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
So if we look at the three major companies within the 
accounting portfolio that we have. One is Busy, second is 
Vyapar and third is Livekeeping. Each of these companies 
essentially have a very different target segments. So Busy, for 
example, starts to do very well in the small and medium-sized 
businesses segment. These are businesses typically who will 
have a requirement of managing inventory apart from doing 
basic sales. So we want to do GST filing. 
 
When we come to Vyapar, Vyapar essentially like to focus 
more on the micro sized businesses. These are businesses 
where billings is essentially the most primary requirement. And 
these are businesses, which are smaller in size, they want to go 
ahead and work upon, billing through mobile app more than 
just rely upon a desktop-based software. 
 
When we look at Livekeeping, Livekeeping exclusively focuses 
on existing customers of Tally, who would want to have a 
browser-based and app-based access to the data and work upon 
that. So Tally does not offer you those opportunities currently, 
and therefore, Livekeeping become extremely useful to about 2 
million of subscribers of Tally who essentially would want to 
access data on browser, on using a mobile app online.  
 
So each of these companies are targeting different sets of 
customers altogether. And as a whole, therefore, we see that we 
will be able to have a significant play in the overall accounting 
Industry segment altogether. 
 
Moderator: 
This was the last question for the day. I would now like to hand 
over the call to Dinesh Agarwal, for his concluding remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining our quarter three 
FY 2026 conference call. We have tried to address your queries 
in the time available. But if you still have any questions, please 
feel free to contact our Investor Relations team. Thank you, and 
good evening. Good night. 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of IndiaMART, we thank everyone for joining us on 
this webinar. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Notes:  
1. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
