Corporate Office: 5th Floor, Lotus Tower, A- Block, 
Community Centre, New Friends Colony,             
New Delhi- 110025 
Tel.: 011-66561234 
E-mail : hmvlinvestor@livehindustan.com 
Website: www.hmvl.in 
CIN : L21090BR1918PLC000013 
 
 
Tel: 0612-2223434, 2223413 
   
       04th February, 2026 
  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
  National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
  Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
  Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
  Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
  Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code: 533217 
 
       Trading Symbol: HMVL  
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors on the Un-Audited Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended on 31st December, 2025 
  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on Wednesday,  
28th January, 2026 in respect of the Un-Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine 
months ended on 31st December, 2025. 
 
The transcript of the Call is also available on the Company’s website at:  
 
https://www.hmvl.in/earnings-call-transcript-audio.html 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Media Ventures Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Nikhil Sethi) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
Hindustan Media 
Ventures Limited 
Registered Omce: 
Budh Marg, Patna - 80000 I 
fa ~efl I cii 
Nikhil 
Sethi
Digitally signed 
by Nikhil Sethi 
Date: 
2026.02.04 
12:44:52 +05'30'

   January 28, 2026 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HT Media Group Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Ms. Anna Abraham: Group Deputy CFO - HT Media Group 
CFO - Hindustan Media Ventures Ltd., and Head, Investor 
Relations - HT Media Group 
Mr. Pervez Bajan: Head Financial Controllership & Taxation 
- HT Media Group 
 
 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   January 28, 2026 
 
2 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. This is Aaditya Mulani 
from HT Media Group. I would like to welcome you all to our Q3 
FY2025-26 earnings webinar. 
                                                
As a reminder, all the participants will be in listen only mode. When 
we are through with the presentation, there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions. 
I now hand over to Ms. Anna Abraham, HT Media Group's Deputy 
CFO, Chief Financial Officer HMVL, and the Head of Investor 
Relations. Thank you and over to you, Anna. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Thank you, Aaditya. Good afternoon, everyone. A warm welcome 
to our earnings webinar for the third quarter of the financial year 
2025-26. Joining me on today's call is Mr. Pervez Bajan - Head of 
Financial Controllership and Taxation; and members of our 
Investor Relations team. 
We will start the call with a brief presentation on the results of HT 
Media Limited and Hindustan Media Ventures Limited, following 
which we will take any questions that you might have.  
Before we start, just a quick reminder that we do not give or 
provide specific guidance on projections, and there is a disclaimer 
on any forward-looking statements. 
           
Coming to our Chairperson's message on the results for the 
quarter, and I quote;  
“The third quarter of the financial year saw the Company make 
consistent operational progress, characterized by stable topline 
performance and a steady growth in overall profitability. These 
results reinforce the effectiveness of our ongoing operational 
initiatives to strengthen our businesses. 
Our core Print segment continues to demonstrate resilience, 
posting growth on both an annual and sequential basis. This 
performance was largely driven by strong growth in advertising – 
particularly in our English language titles – alongside steady 
circulation revenues. The combination of these gains and a 
disciplined approach to costs has translated into meaningful 
growth in profitability. 
The Radio business continues to navigate a challenging market 
environment where revenues and margins remain under pressure. 
Performance has remained stable on a sequential basis. The year-
on-year revenue contraction is primarily a reflection of the high 
base effect from the previous year’s event-led business. We are 
proactively recalibrating our business operations within Radio to 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   January 28, 2026 
 
3 
 
ensure the segment is better aligned with current industry 
dynamics.  
Our Digital business delivered a strong performance during the 
quarter, with revenues rising and margins improving. This 
trajectory validates our commitment to scaling our digital-first 
offerings while maintaining a clear path toward profitability. 
Looking ahead, we remain focused on sustaining the momentum 
seen this quarter across our business portfolio. By leveraging the 
enduring 
strength 
of 
our 
established 
Print 
mastheads, 
recalibrating our Radio offerings and further scaling up our new-
age digital platforms, we continue to reinforce our commitment to 
delivering trusted journalism and high-quality content to our 
diverse audience.” End of quote. 
This next slide covers the agenda for the day. We'll start with a brief 
overview of the consolidated performance, followed by the 
business unit performance on Print, Radio and Digital.  
Coming to the consolidated performance. The revenue was stable 
on an annual basis and improved sequentially. There has been 
improvement in margins, and the cash position continues to 
remain robust. So, we reported a total revenue of INR 532 cr, which 
was flat versus last year and had a 7% growth sequentially. EBITDA 
came in at INR 51 cr at a margin of 10%, which saw an EBITDA 
improvement of 9% yoy. PAT before exceptional is at INR 17 cr with 
a margin of 3% and net cash remains robust at INR 945 cr - a 
similar number as was reported last quarter.  
Coming to business unit performance and starting with Print. Print 
overall saw positive momentum with sequential gains led by the 
uptick in ad revenue, coupled with resilient circulation base. 
There's also a healthy margin expansion seen for this segment. Ad 
revenue came in at INR 301 cr which is an 8% growth versus last 
quarter and a marginal decline versus the previous year, basically 
because of the festive shift; otherwise, it's been a healthy revenue 
number for the quarter.  
Circulation number came in at INR 53 cr which is holding steady. 
The overall operating revenue at INR 395 cr which is about 2% yoy 
growth. Operating EBITDA for the Print business came in at INR 60 
cr which is a 15% margin versus a 11% margin the previous year.  
Coming to Print English, advertising revenue on a yoy basis was 
almost flat and as I mentioned, this is despite the change in festive 
days this year versus last year. Last year, all the festive was in Q3. 
This year, it got split between Q2 and Q3. Despite that, English 
came with a good advertising revenue number of about INR 179 cr 
which is also a sequential growth of 16%. Circulation revenue 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   January 28, 2026 
 
4 
 
remained steady on a sequential basis and showed an 8% growth 
on yoy basis.  
Coming to Print Hindi. Advertising saw marginal decline of 4% yoy. 
Again, this is basically a high base effect. On a sequential basis, 
it's kind of flat. Circulation revenue at INR 38 cr is holding steady 
for Hindi. 
Coming to Radio. It is seeing a big drop in revenue to INR 34 cr 
which is primarily driven by the high base effect from a big event 
that we had in the base last year. Sequentially, you can see there 
is positive 5% revenue movement; with operating EBITDA holding 
at about INR 5 cr loss.  
In Digital, there is significant growth on a yoy basis with operating 
revenue coming at INR 67 cr at a 30% growth. Sequentially also, 
there is a 9% growth. The segment is reporting losses at INR 23 cr 
but margins have significantly improved, both on a sequential and 
on an annual basis  
We can now open the floor for questions. Over to you, Aaditya. 
 
Aaditya Mulani: 
We will now begin the Q&A session. You can click on the “Raise 
Hand” option, which will enable the moderator to unmute you for 
posing your query. Please introduce yourself before posing your 
query and kindly restrict to a maximum of 2-3 questions per 
participant, so that we may be able to address questions from all 
participants.  
Also as is the ambit of this call, please be mindful to pose question 
pertaining to the listed entity, HT Media Ltd and those within its 
consolidated structure.  
We will wait for a few moments while the question queue 
assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Yash R. Please introduce 
yourself and ask your question. 
 
Yash R.:  
Yes Hi, so, I was just trying to make a sense of the numbers, 
particularly for the Print segment. So, my first question is with 
regard to the revenue. Now, there seems on a consolidated basis 
for the Print segment, there has been an uptick in other operating 
income because circulation and your advertising revenues are 
relatively flat. So, what has happened over there for both for 
English and there seems to be an uptick in HMVL as well? 
 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   January 28, 2026 
 
5 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes. We have other operating revenue as there has seen some 
uptick while the ad revenues and circulation revenues remained 
flat. This is, I mean, of course, there's quite a few components of 
that like job work, scrap sale and all that, which comes in there. 
Additionally, there's also a forfeiture that we get from our AFE 
business as well. 
 
Yash R.:  
Okay. So, which has contributed more? Is it the outside work? Or 
is it the forfeiture, which might be a onetime thing? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Forfeiture tends to be a little bit consistent. Of course, quarter to 
quarter there could be somewhat varied, but it's a part of our 
standard operating arrangement with regard to that particular 
business. So, it tends to be consistent. We've seen marginal 
upside across lines there. 
 
Yash R.: 
So, I'm sorry, I mean, it's still not clear. So, what has led to this 
uptick? Is it more of outside printing? Because I mean, since 
you're saying that the forfeiture is more or less consistent? 
 
Anna Abraham: 
Both outside printing and forfeiture has seen uptick. I was reacting 
to your comments saying that forfeiture is one time. I said some 
level tends to happen nearly every quarter, sometimes it could be 
a little plus or minus, but it's consistent. 
 
Yash R.: 
Okay. Now, coming to the HT English part, the revenue, I believe, 
has gone up by around INR 7 cr but the operating profit has gone 
up by around INR17 cr. I mean, the savings in direct business cost, 
I think, are around hardly any INR 2 cr or INR 3 cr. So, what has led 
to the reduction in cost, which has driven up the profitability of  
HT English? 
 
Anna Abraham: 
For English, there's pricing growth, and therefore, that 
automatically improves margins. Newsprint continues to be lower 
than last year. That also helps in margins. And we've been very 
tight on our discretionary spends as well.  
 
Yash R.:  
Overheads is what you're talking about and sorry, discretionary 
spend. So that would be like promotion and all that. 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   January 28, 2026 
 
6 
 
Anna Abraham:  
      
Yes – marketing, administrative, events costs and the like. 
 
Yash R.: 
Okay, just one last question. The HMVL staff cost, I believe salary 
costs have gone lower as compared to previous year by around 
INR 3 cr. What is the reason behind it, though it is in line with what 
we are in Q2? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
You are seeing Q3 versus Q3, right? Just give me a minute. 
 
Yash R.: 
 
 
Yes 
 
Anna Abraham:  
There is some reversal, which was there with regard to variable 
payout, that is partially the reason, and some savings in certain 
other lines of business apart from Print, which has come. 
 
Yash R.: 
Apart from Print. Okay. Okay. Alright that is about it from my end. 
Thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani: 
The next question is from the line of Mehul Pathak. Please 
introduce yourself and ask your question. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Hello. Can you hear me? 
 
Anna Abraham: 
Yes. 
 
Mehul Pathak: 
Good afternoon, Anna, I don't know if Piyush is there or not. 
 
Anna Abraham: 
He's not there on the call today. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Okay. Okay. No problem. I have a couple of questions. The first is 
how are we using AI in all our businesses today? And what is the 
future impact of AI that we assess in our business? Is it going to be 
positive? Is it going to be negative? And financially, what will be the 
impact, if you can share some perspective? 
 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   January 28, 2026 
 
7 
 
Anna Abraham:  
So, Mehul, I might not be the right person to share a perspective, 
but I will touch on a couple of points because this is a very wide 
subject. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Anna, your voice is jarring a bit. I don't know whether it's my 
problem or problem at your end. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
I believe there is no problem that others are facing. So it could be 
at your end, Mehul, because we just got confirmation on that. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Okay. Fine no problem. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
So, as I said I'll try and touch upon it briefly because it's a very large 
conversation, and I may not be the most competent person to 
address it completely, but multiple aspects here. Of course, there 
is a standard element of efficiency, productivity that is applicable 
to all industries. While on the content side, it can be a tool for our 
editorial setup, which we are utilizing very strongly. From an 
impact perspective, we've seen there's a lot of AI being used and 
one view is that could also put a high importance on credibility and 
trustworthiness of the content, which puts us in a good position. 
If that is the case because in that we are a trusted source of news 
and content. So that's one perspective that's emerging. 
There's also a certain regulatory framework that's been proposed 
by the government, which suggests that partners using AI will have 
to remunerate the original content providers in some manner, 
which also seems to be on the positive side. 
Yes. So, from a core newsprint business, we are seeing it as an 
enabler, which should help us expand into doing better offerings. 
Our credibility and trust factor puts us in a good position. And as 
regulatory environment evolves, we should see a lot more 
structure around this as well. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Will it lead to massive productivity improvements and cost savings 
for us? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
There is an element which every industry will see it, but I think the 
smarter ones are seeing about how do you kind of make it a 
revenue opportunity and not just a cost efficiency. As with any 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   January 28, 2026 
 
8 
 
automation, there will be some element which comes through as 
we have seen in past cycles of any major technological change as 
well. But I think the larger opportunity is to see what can be done 
on the business and revenue part.  
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Okay. No, as an investor, I expect that at least the editorial part 
entirely can be done by AI, and massively, the people cost should 
come down. Anyhow but that's not my question. It's just a 
judgment call that I have. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes. That is subjective. It is then about what differentiates you. So, 
you have to stand on a differentiated proposition; otherwise, there 
is nothing. It's like we have seen many waves of it. There was a time 
when aggregation of content was also positioned as a new wave. 
And post-COVID, we have seen that also go through its own 
cycles. So those are very subjective calls. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
My second question is that, is my understanding right that entire 
INR 39.9 cr of gratuity, you have booked in the P&L for Q3? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
There's an exceptional item of about INR 41.4 cr which has been 
booked, and there is a note given in the results also to that  
extent, which is an impact of the new labour code.  
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Correct. So now, is it reasonable to expect that this will get 
adjusted in CTC next year for all the employees? Because at the 
end of it, the money has to come out from the business only. So, 
is that a reasonable expectation?  
 
Anna Abraham:  
I think, Mehul, this labour code is a whole subject on its own so 
difficult to kind of address it over this call. But as you may know, for 
this labour law, what has been done as of now is a true-up of the 
carrying liability basis the new laws, which is what the regulation 
requires us to do. Going forward, it something which we will see 
how to absorb it in the overall cost of the business keeping all 
perspectives of employees and stakeholders and the Company 
into perspective. But this is an evolving regulation, and all 
companies are currently grappling with it. 
 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   January 28, 2026 
 
9 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Okay. But our request to the Board is that it should get adjusted 
next year, otherwise, business is in no position to absorb 
additionally costs like these. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
This is not an annual cost. This is an aggregated cost across the 
years. So, this is nowhere indicative of the future cost increase 
for any business. That's a very nominal number. These 
exceptional items as being reported by all the companies are of a 
historical nature. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
 
Yes, but my expectation is that, 
 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Dear participant, sorry to interrupt, but may we request you to 
please fall back in queue for any follow-up questions. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Yes. Okay. Thanks.  
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you.  
Ladies and gentlemen, a reminder to all participants that you may 
use the “Raise Hand” option on your screen, if you wish to ask a 
question. 
The next question is from the line of Kirit Shah. Please unmute 
yourself, introduce yourself and ask your question. 
Mr. Kirit you will have to unmute yourself. No response so we will 
move on to the next participant. 
The next question is from the line of Yash R. Please unmute 
yourself. 
 
Yash R.:  
Yes. So, my question is with regards to are we seeing an uptick in 
the pricing compared to previous year? And how has it fared 
sequentially? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
You are talking about ad pricing? 
 
Yash R.:  
Ad pricing, yes. Yes. Sorry, I wasn't specific. 
 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   January 28, 2026 
 
10 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes, both yoy and sequentially, we are seeing an uptick. 
 
Yash R.:  
In the pricing. Okay. And what about the copies? I mean, I see that 
the circulation revenue has gone down versus previous year for 
Hindi, and I believe there has been a slight uptick in the English 
part. So, what is the driver behind it? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
It's very marginal. Last year this time, there was competitive 
pressure, and there was, therefore, in certain markets across 
publications a little more copy, but it did have its impact on 
pricing. This time, it's now at a more reasonable level. So, if you 
see sequentially, it's holding flat as well. And there is marginal 
shift, these keep happening as in market to market, there are 
some attempts to increase copies, etc. But overall, no issues, 
pricing is holding, copies are holding and circulation revenue has 
been steady. 
 
Yash R.:  
Okay. All right. And what about the newsprint rates? Do we have 
any update on that? Because there has been news in the market 
saying that prices are going to increase in the coming quarters, 
especially given the current geopolitical scenario. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes. So, the market is indicating that there could be a potential 
shift in newsprint, you know there could be a gradual increase. 
This commodity does moves in cycles, and we've been at the 
bottom of the cycle for some time. Currently, we are still below last 
year for the quarter as well as on a YTD basis. And I think pretty 
much next quarter also, we are not expecting any major shift. And 
we have reasonable cover till the first quarter of next year. 
Thereafter, we might see some upward move. 
 
Yash R:  
So, I mean, do we have any plans to mitigate or shift this impact, 
be it increase in cover prices or probably mitigate it by increasing 
our ad pricing? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
So, Yash, like I said, we have been through many such cycles. So, 
everything that happens on a particular cycle, we will attempt to 
do consistently, including optimizing buying, optimizing mix of 
newsprint, controlling consumption, etc. Cover pricing will be a 
tougher part when priced in the Hindi markets for sure. And ad 
pricing historically has never moved in that manner. But everything 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   January 28, 2026 
 
11 
 
else that's possible will be done because this industry does see 
these cycles in a certain periodicity. 
 
Yash R.: 
Okay, alright. Thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you.  
We will try Kirit Shah again, he has raised his hand and then move 
on to the next participant. Mr. Kirit please unmute yourself and 
ask you question. No response, moving onto the next participant. 
The next question is from the line of Shubham Jajodia. Please 
unmute yourself and ask your question.  
 
Shubham Jajodia:  
Hello, Am I audible? 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Yes, you are, please go ahead. 
 
Shubham Jajodia: 
So last year, in December, there was this deal that Meta did with 
some news publishers in the US. And are we expecting such kind 
of deals happen here as well? Are you guys been approached by 
Meta, any kind of AI companies? Or are you guys seeing it as a 
viable and material potential revenue source for future? And if that 
kind of opportunity does arise, do you guys see to negotiate as 
we're seeing kind of a change in the way traditional platform is 
evolving in this AI landscape? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes. So, I did kind of mention in my response to an earlier 
participant's question that government itself has floated a 
proposal, which requires platforms to compensate the original 
content creator for data used by them and which includes the AI 
participants 
 
Shubham Jajodia:  
Yes. But are you guys actively pursuing such kind of deals 
yourself? See, we are not seeing much uptick in our revenue 
growth and the stock performance has been very dismal. I mean, 
post-COVID, if you would see, there's not much growth that is 
coming. So, AI looks like a very good way to boost our revenues. 
So, what are you guys actively doing to boost some bottom line 
there? 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   January 28, 2026 
 
12 
 
 
Anna Abraham: 
So, we have conversations, but currently not at a privy to really to 
share anything on this call. 
 
Shubham Jajodia: 
Okay, thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you, all. With this, we come to the end of the Q&A session. 
If you have any further queries, please reach out to the Investor 
Relations team. Our contact details are given in the Investor 
Presentation and are also mentioned on our websites. I now hand 
over to Anna for closing remarks. 
 
Anna Abraham: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you for participating in our earnings 
webinar. It's been a good nine months from an overall HT Media 
Group perspective, and we hope to continue this momentum and 
come back to you with a good set of numbers for the next quarter 
as well. Thank you once again. Have a good evening. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 
