Persistent Systems Limited, Bhageerath, 402 Senapati Bapat Road, Pune 411 016, Maharashtra, India  
CIN - L72300PN1990PLC056696 
Tel:  +91 (20) 6703 5555 | Fax - +91 (20) 6703 6003 | E-mail - info@persistent.com | Website - www.persistent.com 
NSE & BSE / 2025-26 / 206 
     January 27, 2026 
The Manager,  
Corporate Services, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai 400 051 
Ref: Symbol: PERSISTENT 
The Manager, 
Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Ref: Scrip Code: 533179 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 Sub.: Transcript of the investor/analyst call held on Tuesday, January 20, 2026 
Ref.: Our earlier intimation under Ref. No. NSE & BSE / 2025-26 / 200 dated January 20, 2026 
In continuation to the above-referred intimation and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill (Para 
A) (15) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to
submit the transcript of the investor/analyst call held on Tuesday, January 20, 2026, for the quarter and
nine months ended December 31, 2025.
The transcript of the investor/analyst call is also made available on the Company’s website as follows: 
Investor/Analyst call transcript - Q3FY26 
Kindly take this information on record. 
Please acknowledge the receipt. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Persistent Systems Limited 
Amit Atre 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No.: ACS 20507 
Amit 
Murari Atre
Digitally signed by 
Amit Murari Atre 
Date: 2026.01.27 
21:14:39 +05'30'

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 1 of 27 
 
 
“PERSISTENT SYSTEMS EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL, 
THIRD QUARTER, FY26 ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025” 
6:00 PM IST, Tuesday, January 20, 2026 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
 
Dr. Anand Deshpande 
Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Mr. Sandeep Kalra 
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr. Vinit Teredesai 
Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Jaideep Dhok 
Chief Operating Officer 
 
Mr. Debashis Singh 
Chief Information Officer 
 
Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi 
Corporate Vice President, Finance and Strategy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 27 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Persistent Systems 
Earnings Conference Call for the third quarter of FY26, ended December 
31, 2025. We have with us today on the call,  
- 
Dr. Anand Deshpande - Chairman and Managing Director,  
- 
Mr. Sandeep Kalra - Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer,  
- 
Mr. Vinit Teredesai - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer,  
- 
Mr. Jaideep Dhok - Chief Operating Officer,  
- 
Mr. Debashis Singh - Chief Information Officer, and  
- 
Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi - Corporate Vice President, Finance and 
Strategy. 
Please note, all participants' line will be in listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after management's opening 
remarks. Should you need any assistance during the conference call, 
please raise your hand from the ‘Participant’ tab on the screen. While 
asking questions, requesting you to please identify yourself and your 
company. Please note, this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi. Thank you and 
over to you Sir.  
Saurabh Dwivedi: 
We sincerely appreciate your participation in today's call. I will quickly 
outline the agenda.  
- 
Sandeep will begin with an overview of our results and commentary 
on the business.  
- 
Vinit will take you through the financial details and key operational 
metrics for this quarter.  
- 
Debashis, our Chief Information Officer, will highlight how we are 
using AI internally at Persistent as Customer Zero.  
- 
Jaideep will provide you an update on how we are helping our 
customers adopt and scale AI.  
- 
I will then provide an overview of our key deal wins and awards and 
recognitions for this quarter.  
- 
Sandeep will come back for a quick summary of the prepared remarks 
post which we will open the conference for questions. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 27 
 
Let me also remind you that as part of our prepared remarks and during 
Q&A, we may make certain statements which are forward-looking and 
may involve significant uncertainty. Persistent does not take any 
responsibility to update such forward-looking statements and your 
discretion is warranted while making any investment decisions. 
With this, let me hand over to Sandeep for his prepared remarks. 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you, Saurabh.  
Before I begin, I would like to wish all of you a very happy and prosperous 
new year. I hope all of you are doing well.  
Now, let me start with a quick financial summary for the quarter gone by.  
We achieved a healthy revenue growth of 4.0% quarter-on-quarter and 
17.3% year-on-year, delivering $422.5 million in Q3 of fiscal 2026.  
On a Trailing Twelve-Month basis, our revenue stood at $1.6 million. This 
marks our 23rd sequential quarter of revenue growth.  
In Rupee terms, the growth for the quarter came in at 5.5% quarter-on-
quarter and 23.4% year-on-year.  
In constant currency terms, the growth for the quarter was 4.1% quarter-
on-quarter. 
 
As you might be aware, New Labor Codes were recently announced in 
India, which required additional provisioning for gratuity payment and 
leave encashment, leading to an impact of ~2.3% on the EBIT margin and 
approximately 1.8% on the PAT margin. After accounting for this impact, 
the EBIT for the quarter came in at 14.4%, which translates into a decline 
of 7.0% quarter-on-quarter and an increase of 19.1% year-on-year in 
absolute terms.  
Profit After Tax for the quarter came in at 11.6%, a decline of 6.8% 
quarter-on-quarter and an increase of 17.8% year-on-year in absolute 
terms.  
Vinit, our CFO, will provide a detailed color on the financials and margin 
movement later in this call. 
Coming to the order book for the quarter.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 27 
 
The Total Contract Value for the quarter stood at USD 674.5 million with 
the Total Contract Value of new bookings coming in at USD 369.1 million.  
The Annual Contract Value of bookings for the quarter is USD 501.9 
million out of which the ACV from new bookings contributed USD 255.8 
million.  
As always, both the TCV and ACV numbers include all bookings, small and 
large, renewals as well as new bookings across existing and new 
customers. 
Also, as highlighted in our earlier calls, our revenue conversion on a 
quarterly basis is a function of ACV bookings closed in previous quarters 
as well as the conversion from multi-year deals booked in previous years, 
which are included in our Total Contract Value or TCV bookings that we 
announce on a quarterly basis. 
Now, let me give you some color on our client movement across various 
reported categories.  
This quarter we witnessed healthy year-on-year growth among our 
various client buckets with our: 
- 
Top 5 customer revenue growing by 25.6%,  
- 
Top 10 by 28.3%,  
- 
Top 20 by 26.3%,  
- 
Top 50 by 22.7% and  
- 
Top 100 customers by 20.1%.  
 
Coming to the year-on-year movement of customers across various 
reported buckets.  
- 
Customers with annual revenues greater than USD 75 million 
increased from 3 to 4 on a year-on-year basis,  
- 
Customers with USD 50 million plus annual revenue remained stable 
at 4.  
- 
Customers in USD 20 million plus category increased from 10 to 12, 
- 
Those in USD 10 million plus category increased from 22 to 28 and  
- 
Customers in USD 5 million plus category saw a significant increase 
from 47 to 61 over the last year,  
- 
Customers in USD 1 million plus category increased from 189 to 195. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 27 
 
This demonstrates our consistent success in cultivating deeper, more 
resilient partnerships with our customers over time. 
Coming to the details of our geographic performance.  
In terms of year-on-year growth this quarter in USD terms,  
- 
North America revenue grew by 18.6%,  
- 
Europe grew by 22.0%,  
- 
India declined by 2.5% and  
- 
Rest of the World grew by 37.9% although on a smaller base.  
In terms of industry segments, this quarter's growth was led by BFSI 
vertical with 29.3% growth followed by Software Hi-Tech and Emerging 
Industries and Healthcare, Life Sciences which grew by 14.7% and 7.4% 
respectively on a year-on-year basis. 
Coming to the update on Interim Dividend.  
I am pleased to share with you that the Board of Directors has declared 
an interim dividend of ₹22 per share on face value of ₹5 per share. It is 
our endeavor to maintain a consistent dividend payout ratio while we 
augment our growth through capability-led acquisitions. 
Coming to other organizational updates.  
I am pleased to share an update on our annual planning exercise which 
we call the ‘Huddle’. The Huddle successfully concluded last week in 
Pune. This year's Huddle brought together about 650 senior global 
leaders across sales, delivery and enabling functions, making it one of our 
most comprehensive strategic gatherings till date.  
Over the course of this intensive offsite, we not only charted our 
priorities and focus areas for FY27 but also assessed our progress towards 
our long-term aspiration of reaching $5 billion in annual revenue by FY31 
and did intensive trainings on the AI side for our entire leadership. 
I am also happy to share that we remain firmly on track, advancing 
confidently towards our aspiration of $2 billion by March 2027 and laying 
the foundation of $5 billion by March 2031. 
With this, I conclude my prepared remarks and would like to invite Vinit, 
our CFO, to give a detailed color on quarterly financials and related 
matters. Vinit, over to you.  
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 27 
 
Vinit Teredesai:  
Thank you, Sandeep.  
Good evening and good day to all. Thank you for taking the time to join 
us today. Let me now take you through the financial highlights for the 
quarter gone by.  
- 
Q3 FY26 revenue stood at USD 422.5 million, registering a year-on-
year growth of 17.3%. In rupee terms, it translates to ₹37,782.1 
million, growth of 23.4% year-on-year.  
- 
EBIT margin for Q3 FY26 came in at 14.4%, 50 basis decline year-on-
year. EBIT for this quarter was ₹5,427.5 million, translating to a 
growth of 19.1% year-on-year. 
Let me now give you a quarter-on-quarter EBIT margin walkthrough. 
Starting with the tailwinds this quarter.  
- 
Favorable currency moment has resulted in a tailwind of 30 basis 
points.  
- 
Lower subcontractor cost has contributed to 20 basis point 
improvement in margins.  
- 
A combination of higher utilization at on-site, pyramid rationalization 
and SG&A optimization resulted in a margin benefit of 40 basis 
points. 
- 
As we have been sharing with you, a greater proportion of our 
services engagements are now driven by our AI platform and tools. 
Our commercials with the customers are also evolving to include a 
combination of people and tool-driven pricing models. Couple of 
engagements of this nature, which we signed in the last quarter and 
which are now scaling up, have contributed to an improvement in 
margin by 150 basis points. 
In terms of headwinds,  
- 
As we had mentioned last quarter, wage hike awarded to employees 
effective October 1, 2025 has resulted in a headwind of 180 basis 
points.  
- 
In addition, there was a one-time impact of 230 basis points on EBIT 
margin on account of increased provisioning for gratuity and leave 
encashment in accordance with the New Labour Code announced by 
the Government of India. Going ahead, our provisioning will be in 
accordance with the New Labour Codes. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 27 
 
- 
Furloughs have impacted the margins by 20 basis points this quarter.  
 
All these headwinds and tailwinds put together have resulted in a 190 
basis point impact on our EBIT margin on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Excluding the one-time impact of labour code, our EBIT margin would 
have been 16.7%, a 40 basis point improvement over Q2 FY26. 
Other Income, net of Finance cost, stood at ₹300.6 million as against 
₹58.9 million in Q2 of FY26. Increase in Other Income was primarily due 
to earn-out credit of ₹129.8 million from one of our recent acquisitions.  
Foreign exchange loss of ₹78.2 million this quarter as against a gain of 
₹272 million in Q2 of FY26 was primarily on account of mark-to-market 
losses on hedges. 
Effective Tax Rate for the quarter came in at 22.2% versus 23.5% last 
quarter. ETR for FY26 will be in the range of 20%-24%. The ETR needs to 
be looked at on a yearly basis as all seasonal elements to be taken care of 
on a yearly basis. 
Profit After Tax was ₹4,394.5 million, a growth of 17.8% year-on-year. 
This translates to a PAT margin of 11.6%. 
Earnings Per Share was ₹28.20 per share in Q3 of FY26 compared to 
₹30.30 paise per share in previous quarter. Year-on-year growth in EPS 
was 16%. 
Excluding one-time impact of new labor codes, our PAT would have been 
13.4%, a growth of 35.7% in year-on-year terms. 
Excluding cash from capital employed, Return on Capital Employed for Q3 
FY26 came in at 43.8% versus 45.5% in the previous quarter. Total cash 
and investments stood at ₹29,046.5 million as on 31st December 2025. 
In this quarter, billed DSO came in at 57 days while unbilled DSO came in 
at 24 days. Billed DSO increased by 3 days and unbilled DSO increased by 
3 days compared to Q2 of FY26.  
Operating Cash Flow to PAT for this quarter came in at 91% compared to 
114.3% in the previous quarter. This increase in the DSO and decline in 
the OCF to PAT ratio were driven by collection spillover to the first week 
of January due to the holiday season for certain customers. 
Forward contracts outstanding as of 31st December 2025 were at USD 
490 million at an average rate of ₹89.1/dollar. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 27 
 
Let me now give you some operational updates.  
At the end of Q3 FY26, our total headcount stood at 26,711, an increase 
of 487 from the previous quarter. Trailing Twelve Months attrition this 
quarter came in at 13.5% compared to 13.8% in the previous quarter. 
Coming to updates on ESG.  
Our commitment to sustainability and responsible business practices 
continues to deliver measurable progress reinforcing our position as a 
trusted and forward-thinking organization.  
This quarter, I'm pleased to announce that our S&P Global ESG score has 
improved to 86, a step up from last year's score of 85. This improvement 
underscores the effectiveness of our ESG strategy and the consistent 
progress we are making across ESG dimensions.  
As we move ahead, we remain focused on embedding ESG principles into 
every aspect of our operations. These efforts not only strengthen our 
resilience but also create a long-term value for our stakeholders and 
communities we serve.  
With this, let me now hand over to Debashis for commentary on AI 
progress. 
 
Debashis Singh: 
Thanks, Vinit. I am pleased to join all of you today. My name is Debashis 
Singh and I serve as the Chief Information Officer at Persistent. My 
mandate is to drive enterprise-wide technology transformation in 
alignment with our business priorities. We are focused on accelerating a 
scalable, secure and AI-driven IT foundation that enables our growth, 
improves operational efficiency, strengthens our risk posture and 
enhances employee experience. 
As Customer Zero, our early investment in trusted AI platforms, 
combined with deep partnerships with hyperscalers like Microsoft, AWS, 
Google, Oracle, Salesforce have allowed us to move AI from pilots to 
production enabled by strong data foundations and responsible AI 
governance. 
What we consistently observe across the industry is that successful AI 
programs depend less on model sophistication and more on operational 
maturity, data readiness, process redesign and governance. To drive this 
transformation at scale, we have built a modular agentic AI platform, 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 27 
 
AssistX, which embeds domain-specific AI agents across the enterprise 
within our system of records, system of intelligence and system of action.  
Our system of records, including Oracle, Microsoft SharePoint and 
Salesforce, serve as the enterprise's single source of truth. The system of 
intelligence powered by Microsoft Azure Lakehouse, along with AWS, 
Google and Azure Fabric based models, provide consistent, accurate and 
trusted insights. 
AssistX, our system of action, enables autonomous fulfillment through AI 
agents across sales, sales operations, legal, delivery excellence, finance, 
HR, IT, procurement and the talent supply chain. AssistX is governed by 
our AI management system, aligned with ISO 42001, ensuring responsible 
and secure AI operations at scale. 
At its core, AssistX is transforming how work gets done at Persistent. By 
eliminating manual bottlenecks and enabling autonomous fulfillment, it 
drives true enterprise hyper-productivity enabling employees to focus on 
higher-value, decision-making tasks while AI agents manage operational 
workloads. All AssistX agents are accessible within Microsoft Teams 
providing a conversational experience with human-in-the-loop oversight. 
To name a few examples, AssistX includes: 
- 
N(AI)vigateAssist and RenewalAssist in sales operations,  
- 
PiAssist and CareerAssist in HR,  
- 
ITAssist and ObservabilityAssist in technology operations,  
- 
LegalAssist and ContractAssist in legal. 
The breadth and maturity of these agents continue to strengthen our 
enterprise-wide AI operating model with measurable outcomes. Since 
inception, our agents like – 
• N(AI)vigateAssist has reduced content search and proposal 
preparation time significantly accelerating development of proposals. 
• PiAssist now resolves 83% of employee HR queries and workflow 
requests autonomously. 
• ITAssist has reduced mean time to resolution for IT-related incidents 
from 3 hours to under 30 minutes cutting manual workload by 70%.  
To further extend this value, we recently introduced P(AI)X, a unified 
agentic interface that enables voice-driven natural language interaction 
and orchestrates task fulfilment through AI agents. These innovations are 
not only transforming Persistent internally, becoming showcases for our 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 27 
 
customers' pursuits but also earning strong external recognition from 
industry-leading stalwarts and institutions. 
- 
Satya Nadella, Microsoft’s CEO, highlighted AssistX's impact in his AI 
World Tour keynotes in January and December 2025.  
- 
Rob Howard, VP of Product Management at Microsoft, showcased 
N(AI)vigateAssist LIVE during Microsoft Ignite 2025. 
- 
Persistent was recently awarded the prestigious CII AI Award 
demonstrating our leadership for responsible and scalable Enterprise 
AI innovation. 
In summary, leveraging our landscape we are building a future-ready AI-
powered digital enterprise, strengthening operational maturity, 
accelerating growth, positioning Persistent as a lighthouse of innovation 
as Customer Zero. 
Now, I will hand over to Jaideep, our Chief Operating Officer, to discuss 
how we are progressing externally with our customers.  
 
Jaideep Dhok: 
Thank you, Deb. Let me share a few updates on how we are helping our 
clients adopt and scale up AI with measurable outcomes. Our AI 
execution strategy is anchored around three strong pillars – 
• AI for Technology, focused on engineering hyper productivity. 
• AI for Business, focused on business hyper productivity and 
• Enterprise Data Readiness along with Responsible AI. 
In engineering hyper productivity, our AI platform for engineering, 
SASVA, continues to be the central driver for our clients. Our scale out 
continues through two proven models –  
• Assessment-led expansion, delivering 60%-75% cycle time reduction 
in work streams such as due diligence for private equity clients and 
application as well as data modernization initiatives across 
organizations. 
• Outcome-based managed services with end-to-end accountability to 
deliver measurable business and operational impacts. 
Let me share an example of what SASVA achieves for our clients.  
For a global bank based in Europe, we assessed their complex millions of 
lines of legacy code which led us to win the full-blown engagement of 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 27 
 
transformation to the modern technology stack. This engagement 
required on-premise deployment, which not only understood the domain 
but also comprehended the complexities within their banking landscape. 
Our SASVA platform helped us decode the legacy logic, which is 
otherwise scattered across the enterprise. It then helped us arrive at the 
modern technology-based solution along with the overall transformation 
plan while preserving mission critical continuity and targeting around 
22% productivity as well as time-to-market improvement. 
Our recent partnership with DigitalOcean and Anthropic are accelerating 
this scale-out further. DigitalOcean strengthens our footprint for private 
Cloud and sovereign deployments while Anthropic enhances access to 
frontier models. 
Our IP portfolio continues to expand for SASVA. It's now having 105 
patents filed, including 30 in the last quarter, along with over 20 research 
publications. Our first open-source MLX solution on Apple Silicon delivers 
virtual LLM-style performance significantly reducing cost and latency for 
agent-driven inference. These assets strengthen our competitive position 
in Enterprise AI and accelerate development across the software 
development lifecycle. 
In business hyper-productivity, we continue to reimagine end-to-end 
workflows as self-orchestrating ecosystem of AI agents powered by our 
domain-driven reasoning engines. We cover the entire value chain of 
assessment, to adoption, to scale for agentic AI solutions with 
measurable business impact. 
To share a recent success story, for a leading Life Sciences client we 
helped shorten their drug discovery cycle by using GenAI Hub and Agent 
Studio. The solution involved AI-enhanced biomedical knowledge graph 
designed specifically for their Crohn's disease R&D pipeline. The solution 
delivered a 60% uplift in data mining efficiency and drove up to 40% 
higher productivity in their drug discovery process. 
Our business hyper productivity portfolio now comprises of 200+ agents 
developed both in-house and across our partner ecosystem, including the 
likes of Google Gemini Enterprise, Microsoft AI Foundry, Salesforce 
Agentforce, NVIDIA and leading automation platforms such as UiPath, 
Appian, and OutSystems. This quarter, we also launched the Agent 
Processing Unit to support onboarding and orchestration of external 
agents in our Agent Studio. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 27 
 
Moving on to the enterprise data readiness, which remains the single 
most important driver of scaled AI adoption. Our platform-oriented 
approach based on the pillars of responsible AI, agentic data operations 
and workforce enablement continues to differentiate us. 
To share an example, for one of the world's leading global banks we're 
actively migrating a 25-year-old legacy code data platform to a modern 
Snowflake and AWS-based data stack. This engagement fully leverages 
multiple accelerators within our agentic data platform iAURA spanning 
across assessment, platform development, governance, observability and 
the migration itself. The result is a stronger data outcome while fully 
addressing regulatory, governance and data sharing obligations and we 
are seeing overall program effort reduced by approximately 40%. 
On the technology front, our strategic partnership ecosystem across the 
lines of Google, Microsoft, Databricks, Snowflake and Kong continue to 
play an important role in accelerating AI adoption and expanding the 
enterprise impact for our clients. 
 
In summary, we're delivering strong momentum in our AI initiatives and 
our execution continues to earn strong external recognition. Persistent 
has been awarded as Emerging Leader in Gartner's Innovation Guide for 
GenAI Consulting, Leader in ISG Provider Lens for Generative AI and 
Leader in Everest Talent Readiness for Next-Gen Data Analytics and AI. 
I would now invite Saurabh to take you through the key deal wins, 
awards and recognitions for the last quarter. 
Saurabh Dwivedi: 
Thank you, Jaideep. I will first talk about key deal wins for the quarter by 
industry segments.  
Starting with our Software Hi-Tech and Emerging Industries vertical: 
- 
Persistent was selected by a leader in Next-Gen Manufacturing and 
Supply Chain Solutions for a 360-degree partnership across 
engineering, Cloud operations, professional services and go-to-
market collaboration. The strategic engagement involves SASVA-led 
scaled factory model for migrating end clients of the customer to 
Cloud- native ERP, ownership of AI-led engineering of the digital 
commerce product as well as transformation of its infrastructure and 
Cloud operations. 
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 27 
 
- 
Persistent was chosen by an EdTech leader specializing in software 
and analytics for pre-kindergarten to high school education domain to 
transform its customer success and tech support organizations. We 
will help the customer enhance productivity of its support 
organization and deliver seamless data-driven customer experiences. 
 
- 
Persistent was chosen by a global leader in materials purity and 
process control in the Semiconductor industry to modernize its R&D 
architecture. As part of this strategic engagement, we will deliver an 
end-to-end digital platform that will connect instruments, data and 
researchers working for the customer. This integrated platform will 
transition fragmented and bespoke R&D efforts to a cohesive strategy 
and streamlined architecture that will accelerate product creation 
and decision making. This is a first-of-its-kind strategic win in the 
materials science industry and will likely drive more opportunities in 
the broader semiconductor domain for Persistent. 
Moving on to Banking, Financial services and Insurance.  
- 
We were selected as a strategic partner by a leading global fintech 
and insurance firm following its recent acquisition of a major SMB 
payroll and HCM provider to modernize the acquired platforms. 
Leveraging our proprietary SASVA and iAURA platforms, we will re-
architect the payroll platform for easier maintenance, migrate HCM 
to Microsoft Azure for cost and performance optimization, build a 
secure and scalable app marketplace and deploy governance, 
automation and AI-led frameworks for productive insights. 
 
- 
We were selected as a strategic partner by a leading French 
multinational banking and financial services company to accelerate 
data platform migration and modernization. The partnership spans 
across 3 major initiatives - building a global data factory, modernizing 
data operations with iAURA and standardizing and automating the 
documentation process. Persistent's expertise in data engineering 
and data modernization using the Databricks platform led to direct 
engagement with the customer bypassing a multi-vendor RFP. 
 
- 
A Tier-I bank in the US selected Persistent to support their 
transformation program in its cybersecurity organization. The 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 27 
 
initiative drives an improvement in data provisioning for monitoring 
and adherence, data leakage prevention, and process optimization in 
the identity and access management space across all of its enterprise 
applications. We are pleased to share that with this tier one banking 
customer, we won a total of $100 million TCV deal this quarter, which 
included 25% new TCV component.  
 
Moving next to our healthcare and life sciences vertical:  
- 
Persistent was selected by a leading US-based professional 
organization for pathologists and laboratory professionals as an end-
to-end technology partner to modernize and manage apps, data, 
cloud, infrastructure, and security. The benefits to the customer 
include automation of its information systems, support activities, 
reduction in technology debt, and gradual migration to 100% cloud 
native technologies. This is a $50 million plus engagement over five 
years, and it's one of the largest deals that we have signed in the 
pathology and laboratory automation domain. 
 
- 
Persistent was chosen by a global leader in kidney and vital organ 
therapy to modernize and manage its IT infrastructure, delivering 
24/7 multilingual support to automation, predictive analytics, and 
self-healing systems. This is another example of our established 
playbook where we build and manage a modern IT infrastructure for 
businesses which get carved out in private equity transactions.  
 
- 
Persistent was selected by a leading provider of patient support 
services, market access strategy, and data-driven analytics to life 
sciences and pharma companies to integrate its CRM systems and 
modernize its data platforms. This deal is unique as it marks our first 
significant win in the Salesforce Life Sciences Cloud domain.  
   
Now coming to the awards and recognitions we received during the 
quarter:  
- 
Persistent was recognized by Microsoft as a Frontier Firm for its 
leadership and innovation, earning a featured spot on stage and in 
Microsoft's official look book. 
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 27 
 
- 
Persistent was recognized by Kantar BrandZ as one of India's most 
valuable brands, ranking sixth in its category, a testament to the 
company's brand strength, performance, and business impact.  
 
- 
Our leaders, Dr. Anand Deshpande and Sandeep Kalra, were jointly 
recognized by Fortune India as India's best CEOs in the IT Services 
(Midcap) Category for 2025. Presented by Hon’ble Minister Piyush 
Goyal, the award reflects disciplined execution and consistent ability 
to drive sustainable long-term value. 
 
- 
Our CEO, Sandeep Kalra, won the Impactful Large Enterprises CEO 
Award at the ET Edge India’s Impactful CEO Awards 2025.  
 
- 
Persistent earned 2025 ISG Star of ExcellenceTM Award for AI and 
Data, with a CX score of 92, highlighting a strong client impact.  
 
- 
Persistent was named a leader in 2025 ISG Provider Lens for 
Insurance Digital Engineering and Insurance Generative & Agentic AI 
Services, recognizing our AI-powered Insurance strength. 
 
- 
Persistent was commended for building a future-ready, high-
performing talent ecosystem and has received multiple awards by 
leading organizations such as Everest Group, SHRM, and TISS. The 
details of these awards are available in our investor presentation.  
   
With this, let me hand it back to Sandeep. 
Sandeep Kalra 
Thank you, Saurabh.  
   
Let me conclude our prepared remarks by saying we are happy with the 
consistent performance that we have been able to deliver in the quarter 
gone by, combined with our progress on the AI-led platform-driven 
strength.  
   
Operator, with this, let's open the floor for questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. We will now open the call for Q&A session. We will wait 
for a few minutes until the queue assembles. We request participants to 
restrict to two questions and then return to the queue for more 
questions. Please raise your hand on the participant tab on the screen to 
ask the question.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 16 of 27 
 
   
The first question is from Mehta Bhavik. 
Bhavik Mehta 
Hi, thank you. So, a couple of questions. Firstly, Sandeep, can you talk 
about how the demand environment has changed in the last three 
months across different verticals? 
  
And the second question is on margins. It's good to see the combination 
of using AI tools and people, is helping the margins to an extent. How 
much do you see from here in terms of margin tailwinds over the next 18 
to 24 months? 
Sandeep Kalra  
Yeah, we're going to look at your first part of it, the demand side of it. So, 
if we were to go vertical by vertical, the good part is that we saw in the 
last three to four months a significant amount of discussions on 
application and data modernization when it came to Healthcare Life 
Sciences or BFSI. We also saw in Healthcare Life Sciences a good amount 
of discussions on transformation programs in mid to large firms. 
 
In hi-tech, we saw adoption of AI in terms of doing product development, 
related productivity. In terms of private equity, we saw further inroads 
into using AI to get end-to-end programs. And that's where when Vinit 
talked about it, we were able to showcase our technology. Right from 
doing an assessment and going to the private equity firms as well as their 
portfolio firms that we can do things with much better productivity and 
long-range savings are significantly higher. Those are the kind of tailwinds 
that we saw. We were able to open many new logos and these logos, 
while we have won some very good deals, they have a good propensity 
over a period of time to grow with us. That's at a high level where we saw 
the demand environment.  
   
Now, if you were to look at the margin side of it, obviously, when we are 
able to use our technology to deliver better productivity, we are able to 
monetize the platforms like SASVA, iAURA, GenAI Hub, and that's what 
we saw having an impact on the market.  
   
As far as the future is concerned, we don't give forward looking guidance. 
I'll just pause it there. Happy to take any other questions.  
Bhavik Mehta 
That's helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from Sandeep Shah. 
Sandeep Shah 
Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a very 
good set of numbers. Sir, I have two bookkeeping questions. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 17 of 27 
 
  
So, if I look at the nature of the software license revenue growth, in this 
quarter it has gone up by 40% q-on-q. And if I strip out from the total 
revenue, the services revenue has gone up by 2.6%. So how to read this 
line of software license revenue growth?  
   
And the second related question to Vinit sir, on the balance sheet, if I 
look at the intangible assets under development, it has been increasing. 
So, it constitutes 1% of the revenue, but it has increased incrementally by 
50 bps for the last two years. So, what is the nature of this capitalization 
on the balance sheet?  
Sandeep Kalra  
So, Sandeep, I'll take the first question and I'll have Vinit answer the 
second question. 
   
So as far as the software licenses are concerned, there are three different 
or at high level two different components. On one side, these are 
software licenses that are third-party software licenses, where if we are 
doing let's say cybersecurity related managed services or overall 
managed services, then we need certain licenses, which are getting 
passed through us with certain margins. That's first part of it. And they 
are important for us to stick together the technology stack that we take 
to market in order to win deals and so on.  
   
The second part of it is where we have our own technology stack, 
whether it is iAura, GenAI Hub, or SASVA, more and more, we are not 
pricing things in a way that we are taking these things as independent 
sales. These are integrated sales and the timing of the revenue 
recognition will depend on how these are priced. So overall, the 
combination that you see, if you see the 2.6% that you've quoted on 
services, I would want to say over a period of time, the IP and services 
will get clubbed together and these lines will blur.  
   
Second part on the bookkeeping, if you can, Vinit. 
Vinit Teredesai 
Yeah. So, Sandeep, in terms of the intangible assets that you're seeing on 
the balance sheet, as we called out that we have been heavily investing 
into developing new AI tools, productivity tools, SASVA platform, iAura, 
etc. As a result of that, you're seeing the increment that is happening on 
the intangible assets. I think so it has, they are now at a pretty good 
amount of maturity level whereby the growth in these intangibles will not 
be at the same level as what you have seen in the past. The good part is 
we are also being able to link and generate revenue out of it, which sort 
of justifies the capitalization that we are seeing at this point of time. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 18 of 27 
 
Sandeep Shah 
Okay. Thanks. I will come in the follow-up. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from Sucrit Patil. 
Sucrit Patil 
Congratulations to the team. Am I audible?  
Moderator 
Yes. 
Sucrit Patil 
Thank you. I have two questions. As Persistent continues to scale in data, 
cloud and digital engineering, what specific initiatives are being 
prioritized to deepen the client relationships and expand into new 
verticals? Over the next 12 to 18 months, how do you see the company 
positioning itself to sustain this growth momentum while navigating 
evolving labor and regulatory frameworks? That's my first question. 
  
I'll ask my second question after this. Thank you.   
Sandeep Kalra 
So, if you were to look at it, Sucrit, the data, cloud, digital engineering, 
that's exactly where we are investing. So, if you look at our investments 
in building SASVA over the last, let's say 24 months plus, that basically is 
in the product development life cycle, so it's at a cusp of digital 
engineering, whether it's new product development, whether it is taking 
over products, sustaining them at a better, effective productivity or doing 
even things like professional services, customer support, nine yards.  Take 
to the enterprise that helps us in even doing application modernization, 
pre-engineering programs that were not possible earlier and so on. So, 
there's a significant amount of things that we are doing with SASVA 
there.  
 
Similarly, on the data side, some of the work that we are doing with even 
Fortune 100 customers or Fortune 50 and even bigger customers is on 
the data side, where we are investing in building our components around 
iAURA. Jaideep talked about how we have used the technology to build 
even 200 plus agents that can help us in modernizing the landscape of a 
larger enterprise using these tools, taking them from legacy to modern 
kind of platforms and so on. 
   
So, there's a significant amount of IP capability, case studies that we 
have, which we are taking to our top 100 customers. And if you look at 
our top 100 customers, they give us close to 82% of the revenue. And 
they are growing today at about 20% plus. 
  
So, there's a significant amount of bringing all of this together, customer 
being at the center of it and adding more value there. And we are 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 27 
 
confident whether it's 12 to 18 months, this is an ongoing journey. We 
are confident this should lead to good growth as we move along. 
Sucrit Patil 
Thank you. My second question is with EBIT margins resilient despite the 
one-time labor code impact, how are you planning to balance cost 
discipline with investments in talent and technologies? Could you outline 
how the company is approaching capital allocation to support both 
shareholder returns and long-term growth? Thank you. 
Sandeep Kalra  
Yeah. So, if you were to look at it, the total shareholder return is a 
function of what we deliver as growth. And it leads to capital 
appreciation on one side. On the other side, we have had a very healthy 
dividend payout ratio. So, if you look at even our current announcement 
that we have done last year, interim dividend, if I'm remembering it right, 
it was Rs. 20. Today it is 22, so it has also increased. So, from that 
perspective, our continued investment in talent leads to market share 
gains, leads to our ability to have both the capital appreciation as well as 
the dividend payout ratios and take care of our investors in the long run 
while delivering value to our customers and our employees.  
Sucrit Patil 
Thank you for the guidance and I wish the entire team best of luck for 
next quarter. 
Sandeep Kalra 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
The next question is from NPN Puranik. Mr. Puranik, can you unmute 
yourself? 
  
Okay, we'll move to the next question. The next question is from Nitin 
Padmanabhan.  
Nitin Padmanabhan Hello, good evening. Wishing all of you a very happy new year and 
congrats on a solid quarter.  
  
Sandeep, I need your advice or maybe better understanding on this. So, 
this quarter, there's a 150 bps improvement in margins because of tools 
and pricing, tool-driven pricing models. How should we think about this 
logically? Because, one, it's a big margin jump in a single quarter. Second 
thing is that, is this for a specific large project where there was a large 
accrual this quarter or because people normally would tend to sort of 
extrapolate this linearly. So, better sort of thought process, how should 
we think about this?  
  
And the second thing is this obviously should have led to higher fixed 
price. We don't disclose that, but is that a fair understanding? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 20 of 27 
 
  
And going forward, when you think about this, over a period of time, 
we'll have competition who also build these tools and accelerators and 
stuff. So, at that point of time, do you think this gets sort of 
commoditized in some way and just comes off? Or should this be a 
sustainable kind of margin that it'll pull up? That was the first one.  
  
And the second one was for Vinit. This quarter, we announced 1.1 million 
sort of share that we are sort of issuing to the ESOP Trust. How should we 
think about the impact on margins as we get into next year from that 
specifically? These are the two questions. Thank you. 
Sandeep Kalra 
Sure. So, Nitin, first of all, this 150 basis points increment that you're 
seeing, it's not on account of one deal. So, there are multiple deals that 
we have won using the SASVA side of it, iAURA side of it, GenAI Hub side 
of it. Certain things my colleague, Jaideep, covered when he talked about 
the AI part.  
  
Now, if you look at these wins, some of these wins are scaling as we 
speak. And the way the business model in some of these things is when 
we are bringing our tool and IP, we are monetizing some amount upfront 
and some amount is basically through the productivity that get by 
deploying lesser number of people because we are using the technology. 
So, we have to monetize this technology because we are investing on the 
other side as well. The earlier question about intangibles, etc. alludes to 
that. So, we are trying to be prudent. On one side, we invest. On the 
other side, we harvest. So, that is the combination. Now, as far as 
competition is concerned, it will be a very healthy competition to have if 
everyone starts building tools, accelerators. It will also keep us on our 
toes. Today, we have a head start. And we believe with our continued 
investment, we should be able to manage our competitive 
differentiation. We are investing on an ongoing basis. So, we're happy to 
have more competition. But from our perspective, we have won 
significant deals. Those should fuel more deals, showcasing these deals 
with other customers. 
Nitin Padmanabhan    Do you think this sort of improves the 200 basis points that you originally 
thought of? Do you think this sort of gives a further leg up versus what 
you originally thought?  
Sandeep Kalra  
So, look, there is only this much that we want to squeeze out of the 
system. We want to be able to reinvest to your point, making sure that 
we are ahead of the curve with respect to the technology progress in our 
competitive landscape. So, we are not aspiring now to take it another 200 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 21 of 27 
 
basis points up. We are happy where we are reaching. And I think we 
have proven to the world we can achieve the margins we have to. And 
we should put this to rest, make sure that we are a growth engine for the 
time being.  
Nitin Padmanabhan Perfect. Thank you. 
Vinit Teredesai 
And, Nitin, your other question with reference to the ESOP 1.1 million 
shares that have been allocated. This is a part and parcel of the stock 
options of the RSUs that have been granted in the past. And as a result of 
that, the cost that needs to come in as per the Black-Scholes valuation 
methodology is being factored in. We have called it out. These are not 
anything new substantial that we have granted recently. So, whatever we 
have said in the past, it was a cost that came in FY25. This is a reduction 
in cost that is happening in FY26. There will be a further reduction in cost 
that will happen in FY27. 
Nitin Padmanabhan Perfect. Very helpful. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from Abhishek Pathak.  
Abhishek Pathak 
Yeah, hi. Am I audible? 
Moderator 
Yes, please.   
Abhishek Pathak 
Hi, Sandeep. Just a couple of questions. Firstly, the kind of tools or 
partnerships we are kind of showcasing in AI, it looks like our client base 
is slightly more mature in the sense that we're talking less about the 
foundational stuff and more about sort of AI implementation, which 
probably happens beyond the POC stage and beyond when the clients 
have already sorted their data and foundational limitations. So how is 
that happening? I mean, is our client base just more mature or is the 
quality of the clients just that much more better? That's the first 
question.  
 
And secondly, on margins, I guess it's a very interesting case because 
while you highlight 150 bps of margin improvement because of internal 
tools, the revenue per employee has kind of been a little bit flat over the 
last, let's say, 3-4 quarters. So how should we sort of reconcile these two 
numbers? And to that point, if at all the internal sort of tools kind of 
improve, let's say, going forward as well, is there more margin juice 
coming from higher revenue per employee going forward or no? So, I see 
Vinit smiling, but I hope the questions are slightly more relevant than 
that.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 22 of 27 
 
Sandeep Kalra  
So, we'll just keep it high level. We have 10 minutes in the call, but we 
will answer it at a high level. The revenue per employee, if you were to 
factor out the impact of the one-time thing that you talked about, you 
will see a certain different thing than what you're seeing there. Now, 
obviously, the intent here is build better technology, leverage it to deliver 
more productivity per employee so that our revenue and headcount have 
a breakage from the linear correlation versus a traditional tech services 
world. We'll let it pan out. This is going to mature over a period of time, 
and I'm hopeful that it will move in the right direction.  
 
Now, you talked about the client base, more mature, beyond POC stage. 
Look, in our industry, and if you look at our top 100 customers, they give 
us 82% of our revenue. We're trying to go deeper. We're trying to 
understand their business challenges better. We're trying to take our 
technology in the context of their business challenges, doing proof of 
concepts, sometimes even a number of these are proactive, and so on, 
proving to them that we have the technology that can solve for their 
business problems. So, it is not about selling a model versus another 
model. It is about understanding what is the business issue that we're 
trying to solve for, what is the right tool to bring, whether it's our tool or 
a partnership, and as long as we can prove we are able to win the 
business.  
 
And in one of the case studies that Jaideep highlighted, this is a fairly 
large European bank. They were struggling to solve for a particular 
problem for the last several months. We did a proof of concept, which 
was about three weeks. We could prove to them that we can solve it and 
it landed up in a pretty decent multi-year deal for us. So, it's not about 
mature customers or immature customers. It's about understanding, 
taking those things, working with them, hand-holding them into this. 
Abhishek Pathak 
Thanks, Sandeep. And if I may just squeeze in sort of one last question 
around the hi-tech vertical. Some of our larger peers have indicated that 
spends are currently kind of tied up in Capex and there's little room for 
sort of the services or the software stack of it. Looks like our hi-tech 
vertical seems to be kind of defying that particular trend. So, just again, 
just very curious what we are doing differently, what are we selling 
differently, where our hi-tech clients are kind of coming in and prioritizing 
the software stack in addition to the Capex sort of spends that they're 
obviously doing.   

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 23 of 27 
 
Sandeep Kalra  
So, if you look at traditionally, where Persistent has played in the hi-tech 
market versus a number of our peers are playing in hi-tech market, 
number of our peers address what is the typical IT part of the hi-tech 
customer. We are at the core of the engine. We are in the product 
development and the related side of it, whether it is doing professional 
services, customer support, nine yards. 
 
 
So, if you look at it, the technology that we are building, the business 
model that we are taking, not just directly to the company, but also 
customizing it. If it is a private equity held company, what are they trying 
to solve for? If a private equity company is trying to carve out a smaller 
company from a bigger tech company, trying to stand up these guys as an 
independent company on one side, yeah, we can do the stand up of 
Greenfield IT and do managed services. But more importantly, how do we 
help them take the modern tool set from a product development 
perspective, accelerate their product development, squeeze out costs 
from their mature products and so on. So, our pitch is very, very 
different, very differentiated in the hi-tech space as compared to most of 
our competition. 
Abhishek Pathak 
Got it. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator  
Thank you. The next question is from Vibhor Singhal. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a solid 
performance yet again. Just two questions from my side, one for Sandeep 
and one for Vinit. 
 
Sandeep, just on the healthcare vertical, in the past you had mentioned 
that this year you anyways expect BFSI and hi-tech to lead the growth 
and it's playing out pretty much in the same manner. But how has the hi-
tech vertical overall demand environment kind of played out over the 
past two quarters? The big beautiful bill, of course, is behind us in terms 
of how clients are looking to change their spend in this vertical. And more 
importantly, the payers and providers, where do you see a higher delta or 
a higher growth potential in the coming quarters? And then I'll have a 
follow-up for Vinit.   
Sandeep Kalra 
So, Vibhor, you talked about hi-tech vertical. I'm assuming your question 
was on the healthcare vertical.  
Vibhor Singhal 
Oh, I'm sorry. I meant the healthcare vertical.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 24 of 27 
 
Sandeep Kalra  
That's fair. So, if you look at our healthcare vertical, we are very pleased 
with the way we have seen the demand shape up. Partly it is the market, 
and I would credit our team more than just the market dynamics for 
getting to the right audience, understanding their imperatives and the 
kind of wins that we have highlighted that Saurabh talked about. A 
number of them are new logos in addition to the expansion in the 
existing accounts as well.  
 
Now, if you look at it, you talked about the payer-provider ecosystem. 
Actually, if you look at our wins, they are in the payer-provider tech side 
of the house, provider side of the house, pharma side of the house, and 
so on. So, it is fairly broad-based, and a number of them are forward-
looking programs. So, it's pretty heartening, and I'm pretty hopeful 
healthcare should do well with time. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. That's really helpful, Sandeep. 
 
Vinit, just one question. Just wanted to understand the accounting part 
of the 150 basis point margin expansion that we have reported because 
of the platforms and the pricing. How does this work? So, basically, the 
work that we did in this quarter, we have booked that benefit in this 
quarter, and next quarter we have again to decide, and this might be 100 
basis point or 50 basis point or zero next quarter, or does it get built into 
the base, and that basically flows for the life of the project or till the next 
milestone is reached? How does this work? 
Vinit Teredesai 
So, Vibhor, without getting into the details of specifics of what happens. 
As we said, there is a combination of multiple deals that basically have a 
component of certain license and services. Sometimes there is a 
component of license that comes in, in terms of the revenue play, 
because that gets delivered and gets recognized. Sometimes it's over a 
period of the entire contract because it's not specifically identified. So, 
the commercial construct defines how we recognize the revenue. If there 
is a specific call out, the customer wants a license, it comes into it. If it is 
embedded as a part and parcel of our services, it happens over a period 
of time. 
Sandeep Kalra  
Just to add to this, so just think about it. There are different kinds of 
customers in the market. If there's a private equity customer who 
basically has done a new company from a carveout basis, and we are 
involved in engineering, they have a certain way that they want to do the 
upfront investment, etc. Our business model has to dovetail into what 
our customer wants. So, depending on that, the revenue recognition is 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 25 of 27 
 
also a form of what the customer wants, how we are implementing the 
technology, how it is embedded, whether it's an outcome-based, end-to-
end, and so on. So, it varies. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Right. So maybe just the last part to harp a bit more on this. So, this 
basically gets built into the base going forward. And hereafter, we could 
have more of such projects or some of these projects going out also. It 
can go either way in terms of the margin benefit for specific projects. 
Sandeep Kalra  
Absolutely. Absolutely.   
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Vinit Teredesai 
I will just add to that, our endeavor will be to have more and more such 
deals so that we get a revenue predictability over a period of time. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. Got it. Thanks a lot for taking my questions and wish you all the 
best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. And the last question will be from Ravi Menon. 
Ravi Menon 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Congrats on a good quarter. 
 
I had a question about this last deal that you mentioned for 
modernization of a bank. Can you explain what sort of productivity 
benefit that you're getting in this mainframe modernization? Is it like 
about 20 to 30%? I think you mentioned a number, but just wanted some 
clarity on that. 
 
And second is on the platforms that you have for the cyber productivity, 
you put in GitHub, Copilot, Cursor, Windsurf, stuff like that. Are you 
seeing your customers actually adopt multiple platforms or are people 
pretty much standardizing on using one platform? And what sort of 
productivity benefits are they seeing on their own without your IPs 
coming in? 
Sandeep Kalra  
Sure. So, I'll try and keep it brief. We are at 6:58. We have two minutes. 
So as far as the productivity benefit for the mainframe modernization or I 
will just keep it at application modernization or platform modernization. 
So, see, it's not just about how much effort, effort is one part of it. But 
there are a number of these programs where people were not able to 
reverse engineer manually the business logic of these platforms because 
these are built over the last 20-30 years and people have gone…it's very, 
very difficult. Using our platforms, we are able to get to 60 to 70% of 
reverse engineering of business logic, convert that to even an English 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 26 of 27 
 
document so that the business users can understand. And by doing this, 
we are able to get them off of legacy platforms, legacy technologies onto 
modern platforms, which are much more nimble, agile. Maybe there's a 
duplication of things that has happened over a period of time. The 
licensing cost goes down and there are many other things like regulatory 
ease of explanation and so on. And so, the benefits are far, far more than 
just a productivity gain.  
 
Now on the second side of it, Cursor, Windsurf, Copilot. So many of our 
customers are adopting one. Some of the larger customers are adopting 
two or three as well. One of our largest FinTech customers is a big-time 
user of two of these platforms in conjunction with each other. And we 
are also a part of their ecosystem. So, it is their own team as well as us 
who are using these tools. And from a coding perspective, just the code 
part of the software development life cycle, people are able to get 20 to 
25% benefit using these kinds of tools from the code part of it. Hopefully 
that answers. 
Ravi Menon 
Thanks so much, Sandeep. 
 
But since that's only just one part of the SDLC overall, is it fair to say that 
the productivity benefit is something that people should not worry about 
too much?  
Sandeep Kalra  
Yeah, that's exactly where our platforms like SASVA come in. Because 
when we bring in SASVA, we are talking of right from requirement 
gathering to grooming it into a technical kind of backlog to doing the 
implementation in terms of coding, release management, nine yards. And 
then even doing things like maintenance after that and so on. So, all 
these tools are very good, but they solve for a sliver of the entire 
software development lifecycle. And that leaves a lot of scope for people 
like us to develop our platforms. We may even integrate with these tools 
as a part of our platform. 
Ravi Menon 
Thanks so much. Best of luck. 
Sandeep Kalra 
So, with this, I think we should close the call. So just to summarize, we 
are confident of our progress on the technology side. We are happy with 
our performance that we delivered in this quarter and we are confident 
of continuing the growth momentum going ahead. Look forward to giving 
you an update in three months from now.  
 
Thank you. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 27 of 27 
 
Moderator 
Thank you very much to Persistent Management team. Ladies and 
gentlemen, on behalf of Persistent Systems Limited that concludes 
today’s conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your line and exit the webinar. Thank you.   
 
 
(End of transcript) 
 
 
Please note that this transcript has been edited for readability. 
 
