    CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Corporate One, First Floor, 5, Commercial Centre, Jasola, New Delhi  - 110 025 • Tel.: 91-11-46581300, 41697900 • Fax: 91-11-40638679 
Email : corporate@chambal.in • www.chambalfertilisers.com • CIN: L24124RJ1985PLC003293 
Regd. Office : Gadepan, District Kota, Rajasthan -325 208 
Tel No.: 91-744-2782915 ; Fax No : 91-7455-274130 
Ref. No.: CFCL/SE/2025-26/80  
 February 18, 2026 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
25th Floor, Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
   Dear Sir, 
In continuation to our letter dated February 05, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and          
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing 
herewith the transcript of Analysts / Investors conference call held on February 11, 2026, on the financial results 
of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025. The said transcript is also available 
on the Company’s website at - https://investor.chambalfertilisers.com/EarningCallTranscripts.html 
You are requested to notify your constituents accordingly. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals Limited 
(Tridib Barat) 
Vice President - Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl.: a/a 
TRIDIB 
KUMAR 
BARAT
Digitally signed 
by TRIDIB 
KUMAR BARAT 
Date: 2026.02.18 
15:11:04 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 and 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals Limited. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on 
your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors for opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi 
Jain from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of Chambal Fertilisers and 
Chemicals Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in 
the company's earnings call for the 3rd Quarter and 9 months ended of the Financial Year 2026. 
 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well as assumptions made 
by, and information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to 
place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to apprise about the company's 
fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
 
Let me now introduce you to the management of Chambal Fertilisers, participating with us in 
today's Earnings Call, and hand it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us Mr. 
Abhay Baijal, Managing Director, Mr. Narinder Goyal, Business Head - Manufacturing 
Operations, Mr. Anuj Jain, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Ashish Srivastava, Vice President -  Sales 
& Marketing, and Mr. Tridib Barat, Vice President-  Legal and Company Secretary. 
 
Without any delay, I request Mr. Abhay Baijal to start with his opening remarks. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Abhay Baijal: 
Thank you, Purvangi. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us in this conference 
call to discuss our financial performance during the 3rd Quarter and 9 months ended Fiscal 
2026. 

 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Chambal Fertilisers continue to play a critical role in supporting India's agricultural ecosystem 
as India's largest private sector urea producer contributing close to 10% of domestic supply, 
not only that, we are almost 3% of the crop protection chemicals and specialty nutrients 
business in the country. In NPK, our share is almost 5%, DAP is also 5%, MOP is about 6%. 
Therefore, we are an important contributor to country's agricultural outputs. 
 
The Union Budget has allocated about INR 1.71 lakh crores to the Department of Fertilizers this 
year, providing long-term visibility and stability to the sector. 
 
From an agronomic standpoint, conditions during the last quarter of the Rabi season were 
broadly favorable. India received 11% higher than normal rainfall during October to December 
2025, with strong October rains offsetting deficits later in the season. Key northern states such 
as Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Punjab, witnessed favorable conditions supporting early 
sowing. 
 
As a result, Rabi sowing increased by 2.8% year-on-year to 652.3 lakh hectares as of January 
'26. Wheat acreage reached a record level alongside healthy growth in pulses and oilseeds. 
Northern states such as Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, and Punjab saw higher sowing of 
wheat and mustard, supported by favorable rainfall conditions during October. 
 
For Chambal, this translated into a stable outlook, with urea continuing to anchor volumes and 
cash flows and DAP and NPK providing diversification and growth, positioning us well to benefit 
from both steady base demand and gradual shift towards balanced fertilization. 
 
With this backdrop, let me now move to our operational performance for the quarter under 
review. During the quarter and nine months period, our crop protection chemicals and 
specialty nutrients business, alongside biologicals, continued to demonstrate strong 
momentum, with sustained growth in both revenue and margins. 
 
On a nine-month basis, the contribution from the segment grew by 30% year-on-year, 
reflecting improving scale, product mix, and execution. In the third quarter, we introduced five 
new products across biopesticides, bio-fungicides and insecticides, further strengthening our 
differentiated portfolio. 
 
Looking ahead, our pipeline remains healthy, with 12 new CPC products and one new speciality 
nutrient product lined up for launch in FY '27, supporting our growth ambitions. 
 
On biologicals portfolio, I am happy to report that we continue to perform strongly, with 
volumes increasing by 31% and revenues growing by almost 58% year-on-year over the nine-
month period. Encouragingly, Uttam Pranaam, our bio-nano-phosphorus product launched last 
year, is witnessing strong market acceptance and better product outcomes, with volumes and 
revenue up almost 250% year-on-year. 
 
We are doing well in this area and actively working on expanding our biological offerings, 
particularly in the fungicides and nematicides, which are planned for launch over the course of 
the next financial year. I am also happy to report that in terms of biologicals, we are almost 6% 
of the market as  of today. 

 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Chambal Fertilisers and TERI, The Energy and Resources Institute, entered into an agreement 
for research for advanced and sustainable agricultural solutions. This is significant in the 
backdrop of food security challenges due to an increasing population. 
 
TERI, as you may know, is a pioneer institution in the area, and will be doing research under 
the Center of Excellence to develop products where IP rights are jointly owned by CFCL and 
TERI, and Chambal will have exclusive commercial rights globally on the product. A dedicated 
lab is operational now, and the products are expected to launch from FY 27-28 onwards. Based 
on product efficacy, we will also explore the export market for these products. 
 
In the seed segment, we have launched research variety of Seeds Wheat, and early results have 
been encouraging, giving us confidence as we continue to build capabilities in this segment. 
 
In the bulk fertilisers category, P&K fertilizers delivered good performance, supported by timely 
and prudent procurement strategy and effective placement during this season. Further, we 
have sourced adequate volumes of P&K fertilizer, ensuring preparedness for the Kharif season. 
The demand for phosphatic fertilizers continues to grow, and we continue exploring and 
evaluating capacity in India or abroad. 
 
On the marketing and farmer engagement front, we continue to strengthen our digital 
outreach. Our Chambal Uttam Krishak Mitra app crossed about 100,000 downloads, and we 
have launched a quarterly digital marketing newsletter. 
 
Our social media campaigns around National Farmer Day and World Soil Day further enhanced 
Farmer Connect, and our YouTube channel received YouTube Creator Award and the Silver Play 
Button, reflecting growing engagement. 
 
Lastly, with respect to our Technical Ammonium Nitrate project, the progress is ongoing, with 
EPC work largely completed at 92% as of 3rd Quarter, and construction activities are in full 
swing. The date of completion is scheduled for April 30, 2026. As at the end of 3rd Quarter, we 
have incurred a project expenditure of INR 1,184 crores out of the total estimated cost of INR 
1,645 crores. TAN is a very important focus area for CFCL, and vertical and horizontal 
expansions are being actively explored. 
 
Our joint venture in IMACID is performing well. The increase in P2O5 production capacity from 
5 lakh metric tons to 7 lakh metric tons is expected to be implemented by December 2026.  
 
Further, the sulfuric acid capacity is also being increased, which is expected to be implemented 
in a year ahead in Financial Year' 27. This will optimize its operations and increase the 
profitability further. 
 
Overall, our operational performance during the quarter reflects steady progress across core 
and value-added segments, continued portfolio expansion and disciplined execution, 
positioning us well for the coming periods. 
 
Finally, let me walk you through some of the detailed financial performance for the period 
under review. 

 
Page 4 of 15 
 
On standalone basis, for the 3rd Quarter of Financial Year' 26, revenue from operations grew 
20%, to touch INR 5,898 crores. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter was INR 821 crores, up 6%, despite taking a hit of INR 31 crores on 
account of labor codes, with EBITDA margins at 13.92%.  
 
Profit after tax was INR 565 crores, up 12% year-on-year, with PAT margins of 9.57%. 
 
For the nine months ended Financial Year 2026, standalone revenue from operations increased 
27% year-on-year to INR 18,009 crores.  
 
EBITDA rose 4% year-on-year to INR 2,424 crores, with EBITDA margins at 13.46%.  
 
Profit after tax for the period grew 16% year-on-year to INR 1,804 crores, with PAT margins at 
10.02%. I will again remind you that this is after taking a hit on account of labor codes of the 
extent of INR 30 crores this quarter. 
 
On receivables and subsidy flows, during the quarter, we received subsidy of INR 3,880 crores, 
compared to INR 3,349 crores in the corresponding quarter last year. For the nine-month 
period, subsidy receipts stood at approximately INR 10,228 crores, broadly in line with INR 
10,353 crores received in the same period last year. As of 31st December' 25, total receivables 
stood at around INR 2,346 crores, comprising market debtors of INR 367 crores and subsidy 
receivables of INR 1,979 crores. 
 
In terms of segmental performance for the quarter, our urea segment delivered stable 
performance. Urea revenues in the quarter stood at INR 3,708 crores, which remained broadly 
stable year-on-year. EBIT margins remained broadly stable at around 17.28%. Urea sales 
volumes were largely flat at 9.83 lakh metric tons in the quarter, compared to 9.88 lakh metric 
tons in the same quarter last year. 
 
In the complex fertilizer segment, revenues increased significantly to approximately INR 1,850 
crores in the quarter, reflecting year-on-year increase of 81%. Sales volume also rose to 2.94 
lakh metric tons, compared to 2.13 lakh metric tons last year, reflecting strong seasonal 
demand, and EBIT margins improved modestly to around 1.4%, supported by better operating 
leverage. 
 
The CPC, Speciality Nutrients and Seed segment continued to deliver robust year-on-year 
growth. Revenues increased 33% year-on-year to about INR 340 crores in the quarter, 
representing strong growth driven by portfolio expansion and improved penetration. EBIT 
margins remained healthy at around 22.8%. 
 
On a year-to-date basis, the Urea segment delivered stable performance with revenues around 
INR 10,134 crores on nine months FY '26, while EBIT margins remained steady at around 16.3%. 
Urea sales volumes were largely flat at 27.3 lakh metric tons, respectively. 
 
The complex fertilizer segment recorded strong growth, with revenues increasing sharply to 
approximately INR 6,702 crores in nine months FY' 26, a year-on-year increase of 180%. Sales 

 
Page 5 of 15 
volume increased to 11.7 lakh metric tons, led by strong growth in DAP, TSP and NPK. EBIT 
margins moderated to around 4.4% from 6.87%. 
 
The CPC Speciality Nutrients and Seed segment continued its healthy momentum, with 
revenues growing to about INR 1,172 crores from INR 887 crores, and EBIT margins improved 
slightly to 23.69%. 
 
Overall, the year-to-year performance reflects stable execution in urea, strong growth in 
complex fertilizers, and continued momentum in value-added businesses, reinforcing the 
strength and diversification of our operating portfolio. 
 
With this, I would like to hand it back to the moderator and open for question-and-answer 
session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. We 
take the first question from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Securities. Please go ahead. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, when are we going to start the trial run for the TAN plant? 
Abhay Baijal: 
We are just at the cusp. In fact, we had started the steam blowing and other pre-commissioning 
activities. So, that part is for the WNA plant and for the ANS and Melt, we should be doing that 
shortly thereafter. 
Prashant Biyani: 
But the end product should be out by, say, March onwards? 
Abhay Baijal: 
April. 
Prashant Biyani: 
And sir, what would be your expectation from the upcoming NBS policy? 
Abhay Baijal: 
NBS policy, we believe, will be more or less a continuation from the past, wherein I do not 
expect the government to go opening up the DAP segment, but as you know, the other parts 
of the NPKs are open in terms of pricings. I would believe that will be more or less the same, 
what they will continue to go forward.  
 
Already they have a mechanism, and with that mechanism, DAP, has worked so far, although 
there are now increasing difficulties in terms of working capital management on account of 
blockage of GST and all that. But I think the government is seized of the problem, and they will 
come with a  resolution more or less a continuation. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, for our urea plant, there was some unscheduled stoppage in Q2 as well, if I recollect it. 
Abhay Baijal: 
Q2, yes. Q3, we had a minor stripper leak for three days, that's all in Gadepan-I plant, but 
otherwise, it has been a steady quarter in terms of production. 
Prashant Biyani: 
And there will be further maintenance shutdown in Q4 as well? 
Abhay Baijal: 
Yes, there will be a maintenance shutdown for Gadepan-II plant, effective 20th February, which 
will take about  30-35 days. 

 
Page 6 of 15 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, traded business, EBITDA per ton was around INR 900, I believe, this time, while it has 
improved year-on-year, but on an absolute basis, it seems to be low. Is it that or higher on per 
bag basis, and the overhead cost has taken it down to INR 900 or it is at that level only on a per 
bag basis as well? 
Moderator: 
Prashant, if you could please repeat your question for the management. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, traded business, EBITDA per ton seems to be at around INR 900 per ton, which is higher 
year-on-year, but on absolute basis, it seems to be lower. So, my question was, on a per bag 
basis, it is higher and the overhead cost is dragging it down, or it is at INR 900 on a per bag basis 
as well? 
Abhay Baijal: 
See, the way it is to be seen is that we had significantly higher sale of DAP. And DAP is a fixed 
margin business, despite the higher cost that we see. Procurement was done at much higher 
prices in this quarter, although the government gives you a fixed percentage or fixed number, 
1,026 or some such number, because it is 4% of the MRP. So, that drags the margin down. 
Prashant Biyani: 
But sir, we had decent mix of NPK and MOP as well. 
Abhay Baijal: 
That's okay, but the very large quantity or large price increase in DAP, it went as high as $850 
or something like that. So, if you do the math, INR 1,000 on something like INR 60,000 is a very 
small amount. 
Prashant Biyani: 
And any communication from the department regarding profit calculation or cost calculation 
for G3 post expiry of benefits post policy period? 
Abhay Baijal: 
No, as far as we understand, we have raked up this issue with the government. We have met 
the requisite personnel, but they said that we have to start the exercise. They are busy with 
other things, on other matters so far. One of them, of course, is the futuristic expansion of 
capacity in the country, and they are caught up with some other things. So, we have not been 
able to start on this so far. We have touched base with them at least twice in the last quarter. 
Prashant Biyani: 
And lastly, sir, any update on investment plans after TAN? You have briefly touched upon, but 
Abhay Baijal: 
I said that TAN remains a focus area for CFCL, and vertical and horizontal expansion are being 
actively pursued. I think that is a very sufficient indication of what we want to. 
Prashant Biyani: 
That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Viraj Kacharia from SiMPL. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
A couple of questions. First, any update you can give for G3? I think it kind of, the policy benefits 
expire by the end of this year, so. 
Abhay Baijal: 
I think I just explained that we do not really have a handle on this. Although there are 
precedents, we do not know what the government is actually going to do or what thought 
process they are going to follow. I have touched base generally with the people who matter in 

 
Page 7 of 15 
this, and they have said that they have not yet started the exercise. Once we have a start on 
the exercise, maybe I can give you some explanation on this. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
But in terms of precedents, can you give some perspective, what are those and how does it 
positively or negatively affect us? 
Abhay Baijal: 
Precedence is what they have been doing for the past for others and what they have done for 
our other plants. So briefly, it considers the net fixed assets and the return on net worth and 
so on, so forth. So, it is a calculation based on that.  
 
Given that Chambal-III, that is Gadepan-III, has finished its tenure, in what way they will treat 
these numbers is something open to question. We are not hazarding a guess as to what they 
will do. The numbers could vary from our estimate, both positively and negatively. So, we have 
to see, because normally they take a 15-year span for depreciation and so on, so forth, but 
currently this plant is only 8 years into its life. 
 
So, what exactly will be the parameters they will choose for NIP-2012 units going forward? 
Because this will be a template not only for us, but for all other plants that will follow through. 
That is, Matix is there, HURL three plants are there, and so on. So, they have to be very well 
thought out, because what they will do with us will go forth for others also. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
And sir, in terms of TAN project, any perspective which you see, how should we see the scale-
up happening in FY '27? Should we see a 70%-80% or even a higher kind of a utilization? 
Abhay Baijal: 
We do hope that we have the ability in terms of running the plant. We have trained up our 
people. I don't think production is going to be an issue. We have to see how well the market 
absorbs the product is something in the future. And that is the key, because at the end point, 
we have to see, and we are fairly confident we have our people in place, a marketing team in 
place. And I think we have, I think, today, the most modern technology available for this kind 
of product. So, at the moment, I don't see any showstoppers as far as reaching a very healthy 
capacity utilization, 75%-80% plus. I don't see any problem. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
And sir, I think last, just two questions. First, in the opening remarks, you talked about us 
signing an MoU or a licensing deal with the IMACID. Can you just explain what does it pertain 
to, in the sense, is it purely for domestic market or it is more an opportunity?  
Abhay Baijal: 
I think you are talking about TERI. TERI is a very, well-known institute in terms of sustainable 
agricultural solutions and biologicals. We had, as you know, entered into an understanding 
from them to do research on specified product lines. Now, we have also commissioned a 
laboratory to do the specific job there. That is one.  
 
Secondly, as we have indicated, there is a pipeline of products which are going to come from 
now up to 2028. They are, in fact, if I am not wrong, and Ashish will correct me there, there are 
about eight or nine products in various varieties, which are including bionematicides and 
fungicides and so on, on which we have complete IP control too. 

 
Page 8 of 15 
 
And as they form and we feel confident, we can go beyond our borders to sell that kind of a 
thing. And we are having interesting inquiries from some one or two companies who are 
looking at our performance of our product, and they might, after their set of field trials of 
getting convinced on the product capability, could take it abroad as well. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
But any other tie-up? So, I think we were exploring in-licensing opportunities with other MNCs 
for the CPC portfolio, and same for manufacturing, we were evaluating. 
Abhay Baijal: 
That is continuing. We are introducing products that we said are new products, are coming 
from those so-called formal and informal arrangements with the multinationals that we are 
talking to. And we have progressed some way. First of all, we have a company called Nutrien 
Worldwide, which is going to give us some carbon-related products, which will come in next 
year.  
 
And then, there are products coming from Nichino, which we already have. We are also talking 
to Syngenta, Corteva, all those people. So, as they get confident about our reach capability to 
market the GenX or 1.5X products, we definitely get into that. And there are both arrangements 
in terms of the volumes of sales that we have to achieve, the geography in which we have to 
do that, etc., etc. 
 
So, those are arrangements that we have with many of companies who are now taking our 
company seriously in terms of reach, in terms of our marketing capability, in terms of the trust 
we enjoy with our brands. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Last question, any… 
Moderator: 
Viraj sir, I would request you to please join back the queue for follow-up questions. We take 
the next question from the line of Sandeep Mukherjee from SKP Securities Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Sandeep Mukherjee: 
I have certain bookkeeping questions, like, what was the gas cost for the quarter? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I will ask Mr. Anuj Jain to give the answer to that. 
Anuj Jain: 
Quarter was $14.6 on NCV basis, per MMBtu. 
Sandeep Mukherjee: 
And sir, if you can please give the plant-wise production volume for G-I, G-II, G-III. 
Anuj Jain: 
So Gadepan-I, for the quarter, we had about 2.84 lakh tons produced. Gadepan-II, it was 2.69 
lakh tons, and Gadepan-III, it was 3.51 lakh tons, so total 9.04 lakh tons. 
Sandeep Mukherjee: 
And sir, actual Gcal for G-I, G-II for Q3 and nine months, what would be the numbers? 
Anuj Jain: 
Mr. Baijal? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I couldn't get your question. Could you repeat, please? 

 
Page 9 of 15 
Sandeep Mukherjee: 
Sir, the actual Gcal energy efficiency for G-I and G-II for Q3 and nine months, what would be 
the numbers? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I can only give you a range. They were quite a bit, I would say, 5% to 6%, 4% to 5% lower than 
the norms for G-I and G-II. And let's say, about  2% to 3% lower for Gadepan-III. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC AMC. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sir, just a question on the NPK and the DAP business. So, we are seeing that the input prices 
have increased both phos acid, sulfuric acid significantly, which will probably lead to an 
increase in the NPK pricing, if you have to probably pass it on, and the DAP pricing remains 
steady because of whatever government policy. So, does it start to have an impact in terms of 
the offtake of NPK?  
 
Because, for the last 9 months, 12 months, we are seeing a good offtake in NPKs, probably also 
because of the shortage in DAP. But does the economics don't work very favorably for the 
farmers if they have to take that price hike? I mean, just trying to understand how does this 
dynamic work. 
Abhay Baijal: 
Naturally, there is a substitution effect if prices are beyond a certain range. Farmers will 
tolerate a certain price gap, beyond which they will not. Now, that is also incumbent upon the 
availability of the substitute. Last year, the substitute was not available. To some extent, that 
is why the NPKs worked well for the industry.  
 
The second part is we are not prognosticating what is going to happen to the DAP availability 
this year, but you rightly said there are pointers which are worrying. One is  the price, sulfur is 
very high and not seen to be coming down very soon. 
 
The second part is that it has a knock-on effect on the price of phosphoric acid, and that also is 
not conducive to the production of a high P percentage fertilizer like DAP. So, naturally, the 
cost of production of DAP is going high.  
 
From rock, yes, if people have got the rock route, definitely they have still some margin left, 
although it is getting squeezed. But it will all depend on what the price fixation for DAP or 
phosphoric acid happens in this quarter, but from my understanding, it has not yet happened, 
although discussions are going on. That is one part.  
 
The other part is that ammonia itself also has a little elevated levels at this point of time. What 
I am trying to say ultimately is that it will depend on the price dynamics and what the 
government, of course, has got the policy for advantage, disadvantage as far as DAP is 
concerned. For the importers, where, as I told you, that the increasing involvement of working 
capital is an issue. 
 
And secondly, as far as the producers are concerned, they have a slightly different formula. I 
think, if I am not wrong, this past six months prices, and then, their subsidy is derived from the 
actual import of the material for the last 6 months. How it will work for them is something that 
you should ask either Paradeep or Coromandel, or somebody who is actually producing that.  

 
Page 10 of 15 
 
The situation looked to be okay sometime back in January, when prices were at 650 levels, 670 
levels, but of late, they have climbed up rather sharply. My understanding is that they are 
reaching levels of 720, 730 already. And where it will end up and what it will do to the 
availability once again is something, although the starting point this time is more favorable in 
terms of better stock position.  
 
It is a little complex interplay I will not be able to predict, but I think, still, there will be a demand 
for NPK in a certain percentage, and Chambal is well poised to take advantage. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sir, just to extend on this, so basically there are two things. First is the pricing of DAP, sorry, the 
availability of DAP and the relative price gap between DAP and NPK. So, keeping the availability 
aside, because I am not sure how it will play out, but just on the pricing gap, is there space to 
take price hikes in NPKs for the cost increase, or the tipping point is reached where the 
affordability versus the DAP becomes increasingly more challenging? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I think that it has been a question of positioning and who has taken what position in terms of 
pricing in the market. So, that is an important issue, because as you rightly said, there is a 
tipping point whereby after which the consumption will drop to some extent. So, that will be 
pressure all around.  
 
But on the same, let's look at it this way, that the availability itself of these will be domestically 
quite constrained because the economics don't work out at all for NPKs. DAP, still there is some 
protection. In NPK, there is no option except for a grade like possibly 20-20-0-13, where also, 
because of sulfur prices, margins are under pressure. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And sir, the second question was on the TAN, you mentioned about horizontal and vertical 
possibilities. So, any, if you can provide some more comments here, what are these possibilities 
could be? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I think I have thrown a very broad and encompassing hint on this. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
It is a very broad and encompassing hint. If you can give more?  
Abhay Baijal: 
Horizontally means that you produce more of the same stuff, and vertically means that you go 
forward in the value chain. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And sir, is there a point where you decide that you go ahead with this? Or how does that 
happen? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I mean, there are two points to it. One is that we decide with it when we go to the Board and 
say, "Okay, here is a specific proposal." Okay? That this plant will be put at this place with this 
cost, and with this return, and this product kind of mix. And that is when we will announce. In 
the meantime, there are all kinds of things going on in the background. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Securities. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 11 of 15 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, ideally, for DAP, how much availability would the government want to ensure every year, 
be it from domestic production or imports? 
Abhay Baijal: 
As much as possible. DAP has now become as important a product as urea, in terms of the 
requirement from the farmers. Ideally, in my opinion, what I have seen in the past, and Ashish 
can clear me out on that, is that we have seen levels of about 2 - 2.3/2.4 million tons in April 
which was considered safe, but if you see what I mentioned in the first paragraph, that there 
has been extensive sowing of wheat and so on. Of course, some part of it has already been 
used as basal dose, which is where most of the DAP goes. But there are sometimes top-up 
dressing, and so on, what they call. I will like Ashish to explain that further.  
 
So, my feeling is that the consumption in the balance period from January to March is also not 
going to be a small number. What it will do to the availability on 1st of April is something to 
guess, at the moment, but I will ask Ashish to give some color on this. 
Ashish Srivastava: 
So, Prashant, if you look at the DAP availability as of now vis-à-vis end of January last year, so 
the inventories end of January last year was around 1.3 million tons, and the end of January, it 
is around 2.5 million tons. And if you look at the import contracts and the production for 
February, March, we should open up with an inventory of 2.8 million tons on 1st April, which 
is a very safe inventory to start the season with. So, I think no panic as of now as far as DAP is 
concerned. I hope I have answered your question. 
Prashant Biyani: 
No, sir, my question was, irrespective of any month, in any calendar year, what is the bare 
minimum amount of DAP would India want, be it from domestic source or imports? 
Ashish Srivastava: 
So, if you look at the capacities, India produces a minimum of 300,000 tons and a maximum of 
360,000 tons in a month. So, that is the range. 
Abhay Baijal: 
No, I think, Ashish, what he is asking is, what is the minimum comfortable inventory which the 
government would want? Now, I think you should come from there, Prashant, that there is a 
Kharif, Rabi split in this. Total amount is about 105-106 lakh metric tons.  
 
Although, if you see the numbers last year and sometime, that is more due to availability. There 
was no availability. That is why the amount fell, although the latent demand, in my opinion, is 
close to 106 lakh metric tons to 107 lakh metric tons.  
 
Now, given that, most of that, I do not know the exact split between Kharif and Rabi. You divide 
by the number of months and take a center point, and that would be the kind of inventory that 
the government would like to have. 
 
So, assuming, let's say, I am just doing a very, very crude math on this, most of the consumption 
takes place in Rabi, somewhere around 55%-60%, I think, goes into Rabi. So, we are talking 
about 6 million tons in the 2.5 months or 3 months of Rabi, which is active. So, we are talking 
about 2 million tons a month will get flushed out of the system. If that is the case, the 
government should have by Rabi at least 3-3.5 million tons in its pocket. That is the way to look 
at it. 

 
Page 12 of 15 
Prashant Biyani: 
Thank you for that. And sir, how much is the net cash and liquid investment right now? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I will ask Anuj to answer this question. 
Anuj Jain: 
About INR 800 crores. About INR 800 crore as of today. 
Prashant Biyani: 
And Mr. Baijal, it has been a while since you are talking about overseas investment. Nothing 
concrete you have shared as of now. 
Abhay Baijal: 
I can only report that we are in active discussions, and we continue to have active discussions. 
But as I said last time, sometimes you break off and then engage. So, this is a time when I am 
talking to you, we have had a significant re-engagement, and, where it will lead to, we will have 
to wait for some time. But I think there has been a re-engagement and a positive re-
engagement. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Viraj Kacharia from SiMPL. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Any color we can get how we are looking at ramping up in your site? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I think your voice is breaking. I could not really hear. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
So, I was just trying to understand, how we are looking at scaling in the seed business, any tie 
up with the MNCs? 
Abhay Baijal: 
No, we are doing a two-pronged approach. First of all, this year, we just introduced and tested 
the market. And we went into mustard, we went into pearl millet, we went into wheat, and so 
on. Small quantities to just test out what really happens in this market, what are the operating 
realities of this market. 
 
So, we have got a good fix. We are going to scale this up. While we look for opportunities and 
because of our entry into this, we have started receiving inquiries of a significant nature on 
people who want to tie up or offer a stake. So, we will look at those, and once we have 
something to tell you, we shall. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
But in those stakes also, we will be looking at a majority ownership kind of a structure? 
Abhay Baijal: 
We don't know what will work, depending on the valuations and so on. We don't know what 
will work, but we have started receiving inquiries. That much I can say. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
And second question was on the CPC. We were also evaluating into the own manufacturing 
setup. So, any decision we have come to in terms of? 
Abhay Baijal: 
No, we really have not thought in terms of proactive going out and snagging some asset or 
something like that. But what we are talking to one or two people is that they develop some 
generic combinations for us. And although this is very embryonic,  we have had just a discussion 
on this. There are people who are willing to develop our white label generic combinations, 
which we will then see if it is, once it is, and then also manufacture it for us, if it is possible.  

 
Page 13 of 15 
 
So, at the moment, asset acquisition on this side is not really on the table, but this way, where 
we get, again, a TERI kind of model, where we get stuff done for us and then also get 
manufactured, is what we are actually exploring. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Karan Gupta from CAVI Capital. Please go ahead. 
Karan Gupta: 
One question on the demand-supply dynamics in the TAN market. There were some recent 
reports about CIL also wanting to set up its own manufacturing facility. So, could you just talk 
a little bit more about your thinking about the market? 
Abhay Baijal: 
No, this is a good, it is an expanding market. Let me tell you, we are anyways growing in the 
market, I think around 5% to 6% CAGR, and that you can recheck from Deepak as well. And the 
market will shortly become long, in the sense that there will be some capacities added by us, 
by even Gopalpur at Deepak and so on, in the next one or two years.  
 
But overall, if you see the trajectory of what is going to happen in India, infrastructure, data 
centers, copper, cement, requirement of power through coal, and so on, I am pretty confident 
that the trajectory is going to go higher.  
 
Secondly, the other trigger that we think is going to happen is the private sector involvement 
in mining, especially metals and so on. This is going to open up big way in the next 3-4 years. 
That is a real opportunity because there will be requirement for specific stuff there, which is 
why we talked about some kind of vertical integration into this. Then, that, in any case, doing 
vertical integration insulates us to some extent. 
 
The second part is that we have heard about CIL and BHEL. Coal technology  definitely gives lot 
of advantages in terms of ammonia manufacture, but it is a difficult technology to master, and 
it is very emission intensive. We have a lot of respect for Coal India and BHEL, but by their own 
admission, they are talking about 4 years from now. 
 
So, we are looking at a space where the market is already going to go long, and that point of 
time, I think we will have enough space for everybody around, I think, to tackle this issue. We 
are quite confident. 
Karan Gupta: 
Another question is regarding capital allocation. So, apart from the expected TAN expansion 
and any inorganic opportunity, is there any consideration of increasing cash returns to 
shareholders? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I think if our plans work out, we don't have anything to offer in the next one or two years. 
Beyond that, we will see. 
Karan Gupta: 
And, lastly, on the pending dues, subsidy dues, when do you expect to receive those from the 
government? 
Abhay Baijal: 
My understanding, it is a cycle, goes back and forth. We have a total of… 
Moderator: 
Karan, if you could please repeat the question for the management. 

 
Page 14 of 15 
Karan Gupta: 
I think they were in the process of telling us about any… 
Abhay Baijal: 
See, if I am not wrong, as of end of December, we had something like INR 1,6 - 1,7 hundred 
crores or a little bit tad more, INR 50 - 100 crores here or there. That is my memory. Anuj can 
feed me on that. That was outstanding as receivable from the books, of which about INR 700 
crores is what has been billed, and the balance is unbilled because there is a certain process of 
flushing it out through POS and all that.  
 
So, that will keep on coming and going. So, we know that the government has taken some extra 
for the sector by way of some supplementary grants and all that. So, I think we are comfortable 
there. I don't think there is much of an issue, but I can ask Anuj to give you the exact numbers. 
Anuj Jain: 
About INR 1,980 crores, and as Mr. Baijal rightly said that about INR 600 crores is the bill value. 
Balance is because of some POS clearance or some advantage, disadvantage and freight, etc. 
And in January and February, till date, we have received about INR 1,000 crores. 
Karan Gupta: 
So, that was very helpful. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Aakash Maji from IIFL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aakash Maji: 
Can you please share the urea sales volume for Gadepan-I, II, and III facility? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I will ask Anuj to answer that. 
Anuj Jain: 
So, we have sold in the quarter, Gadepan-I, 2.87 lakh ton, Gadepan-II, 2.79 lakh ton, and 
Gadepan-III, 4.18 lakh ton. So, total, 9.83 lakh ton. 
Aakash Maji: 
And what would be the estimated volume loss from this unplanned shutdown in 3Q? Would 
that be minimal, or is there any figure for that? 
Abhay Baijal: 
No, that is not much. We are talking hardly 3,000-4,000. We have enough stock to make up for 
that loss of 10,000. 
Aakash Maji: 
The last question would be, given the unplanned shutdown in 2Q, now in 3Q, and now the 
planned shutdown in 4Q as well, what would be the urea volume growth that you are expecting 
for FY '26? Is there any figure for that? 
Abhay Baijal: 
I think urea volumes normally, Mr. Aakash, remain static because we run as it is beyond 100% 
capacity for all three plants. We are fully and more exploiting the capacity. And these plants 
have a certain number beyond which you cannot exploit capacities unless you run for a larger 
number of days in a year.  
 
So, as you know, we are already in a two-year cycle before we do turnaround for all the three 
plants. Our effort, technically, is to go to three-year cycle in this. As and when we do that, some 
unexploited capacity will come out in all three plants. 
Aakash Maji: 
Thank you for answering my questions. 

 
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participant, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for their closing comments. 
Abhay Baijal: 
Thank you. I would like to thank all of you for the call today, and I hope that we were able to 
address all your queries. If you have any further questions, you can reach out to IR partners at 
Valorem Advisors. Thank you once again for participating in the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
