                                                                                       
 
Registered Office:  
 
  
26-27, Mumbai-Pune Road, Pimpri, Pune – 411018. Tel: 020 27506200.  
Visit us at: www.finolex.com | Email: sales@finolex.com | CIN: L31300MH1967PL016531 
 
 
FCL:SEC:SE: 26:10 
 
 
 
 
 
                                             16th February 2026 
 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
`Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 500144 
Scrip Code: FINCABLES 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Analysts/Investors Meet held on 12th February 2026 at 5.00 PM. 
 
Ref:  Regulation 30 read with Clause 15(a) of PART A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the above referred Regulation, please find attached the Transcript of the Analyst/Investor Meet 
held on 12th February, 2026 at 5.00 pm (IST) to discuss financial results of the Company for the quarter 
ended on 31st December, 2025. 
 
The 
transcript 
of 
recording 
can 
also 
be 
accessed 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.finolex.com/View/Page/Analyst-meeting-transcript.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For FINOLEX CABLES LIMITED 
 
 
 
Siddhesh Mandke 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Siddhesh 
Sudhir 
Mandke
Digitally signed by 
Siddhesh Sudhir 
Mandke 
Date: 2026.02.16 
10:38:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
Finolex Cables Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAHESH VISWANATHAN – DEPUTY CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– FINOLEX CABLES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRATIK PATIL - DENTSU ONE INVESTOR   
 
 
 
RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Finolex Cables Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 and 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Finolex Cables Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Patil from Dentsu One - Investor Relations team. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pratik Patil: 
Thank you, Steve. Good evening, and thank you all for joining us on the Finolex Cables Q3 and 
nine month FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we have with us Mr. Mahesh Viswanathan, 
Deputy CEO and Chief Financial Officer from Finolex Cables Limited. We will begin the call 
with opening remarks from the management, after which we will have the forum open for the 
interactive Q&A session. 
I must remind you that the discussion in today's earnings call may include certain forward-
looking statements and must be viewed, therefore, in conjunction with the risks that the company 
faces. Please restrict your questions to the quarter performance and to strategic questions only. 
I would now request Mr. Vishwanathan for the opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Thank you, Pratik and good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining this call. Very 
quickly, let me take you through the quarter with some brief remarks, and some points on the 
performance and then I will open up for questions. 
You must have seen the results that were uploaded on both the exchange as well as on  our own 
website day before yesterday. We've had a pretty good quarter in terms of overall performance. 
Revenue was close to INR 1,600 crores for the quarter and for the nine-month period was about 
INR 4,370 crores.  
In the quarter, an incremental performance of about 35% quarter-on-quarter and for the nine-
month period, about 17% higher than the corresponding period last year. As a consequence, 
EBITDA numbers also showed an improvement, 12% quarter-on-quarter and 17% over the nine-
months period. PAT also reflected a 10% increase quarter-on-quarter and 18% over the nine 
months period.  
In terms of performance, this was not just a price-led performance, it was also a quantity-led 
performance. Overall, Wires and Cables, the volume increase was more than 25% - 26%. 
Individual product lines performed slightly differently. Electric Wires was about 28% in the 
quarter, Auto cables were almost 42% in the quarter, Industrial was about 28%, and Power 
Cables were also about 22%. 
Big new entrant for us during the quarter was Solar Cables, we are currently hitting close to 
80%-85% of our capacity that we built up last year so that's good news again. What didn't do so 
well was the Agricultural Applications. A, it was off season, and there were pricing issues, so 
the overall numbers on the Agricultural side was a little lower than the previous years. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Finolex Cables Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
The other part of the quarter was the continued increase in copper prices and commodity prices. 
We had to take multiple price corrections. Overall, during the quarter, we took a correction of 
about 12% in the selling prices and most of the input price increases have been covered. 
Utilization, like I mentioned earlier, solar, auto and power cable plant utilizations are in the late 
70s, Others are catching up. 
Moving to the Communication Cable side, then OFC volumes were up by almost a third. The 
issue in this segment is that during the quarter and prior quarters, fiber prices had been depressed. 
We are now seeing a reversal of that trend globally. Fiber prices are hardening. The overall 
demand outside of India.  
In fact, including India has strengthened considerably. We are now witnessing a period of 
shortage both on the preform side as well as on the fiber side. That is, as we speak today, and 
prices are hardening so from an average of about slightly under $3, which was prevailing during 
quarter 3, the prices currently as on date, are closer to $5 a month so that's the extent of the 
demand pull that has happened over the last few months. The net effect of this will be seen in 
the coming quarters. 
As a corollary, the investment that we are making on both the preform factory as well as in the 
expansion on draw towers. Those investments -- the work is progressing fairly good. Currently, 
the preform factory is under production trials, and we expect to commission it within this fiscal.  
The Fiber draw expansion, the building is more or less ready. Equipment for Phase 1 that is to 
take up the fiber capacity from 4 million to 6 million, that equipment is already at site and as 
soon as the cleanroom work is completed, we will start the installation there and the second part 
from 6 million to 8 million, that equipment is expected to reach by March end.  We expect to 
have a fiber draw capacity of about 8 million kilometers by end of Q1 in the coming fiscal. 
Capex. In the quarter, we spent about INR 36 crores and for nine months, it is INR 146 crores 
in line with the projections that we had made in the beginning of the year so most of those 
projects should be coming to a solution by now. We had a very good quarter, like I said earlier, 
and that also reflected in the cash flows.  
The cash flow from operations was about INR 78 crores for the three months, against INR 9 
crores in the corresponding period last year and INR 220 crores for the nine months against INR 
75 crores in the corresponding period of last year. 
This is broadly the comments on the performance Additionally, one single point I would like to 
make is that after the announcement of the new labor code going live effective 21st of November, 
we have reassessed the obligations towards gratuity and have taken a provision of INR 6 crores, 
which has been booked in this current quarter.  
So that's it from me for opening remarks. So now I'm open to questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Vidit Trivedi with Asian Market Securities. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Finolex Cables Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
Vidit Trivedi: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, any update on the BharatNet project as of now? And I just 
wanted to know your views on the way commodity is behaving and the overall outlook? And 
how many price hikes have we taken as of today? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Okay. So let me talk about the commodity first. Well, it's very difficult to predict where it will 
reach and how long it will stay there. Even in the last couple of weeks, you have seen movements 
which have taken it up to 14,000, then it's back to 12,800 and then again back to 13,200.  It is a 
bit of a yoyo at this point in time. Difficult to predict how the swings are likely to be. 
What we have always been doing and we will continue to do is to not take long calls, look at 
what we need to produce and therefore, procure only that much quantity and buy on average, 
which is what we've been doing all along and treat it as a pass-through to the extent possible. 
While there will be a lag in passing on any changes, that will even out over a longer period of 
time. 
The next part of your question was how many price changes have we taken? Last quarter, we 
took 5, with an overall correction of about 12% in the selling prices. This quarter, between 
January and today, we have already done two changes. So as and when it is necessary, depending 
on how the fluctuation is or how big the fluctuation is, we will take that call. We also need to 
keep in mind as to what level the market can bear because at some point, things might become 
inelastic, so we keep that in mind. 
Your second point was on BharatNet. As I mentioned in the earlier call, we have not secured a 
direct position on the BharatNet Phase 3 tenders that were floated by BSNL. But given the fiber 
position in the global market at this point in time, we are getting inquiries from participants who 
have secured positions, so it's a little too early yet, but we are hopeful that there will be adequate 
business for us over the next two years from these projects. 
Vidit Trivedi: 
Okay. Sir, second question is on the inventory days. They have improved significantly from 69 
to 61 days. So what are the structural changes in the supply chain we have taken in this area? 
And can we expect further improvement, bring it down to at least 50 - 55 days in the coming 
quarters? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
That would be a little difficult, I think, what we are trying to do is to look at each segment of the 
inventory change. So how much should be in raw material, how much in work in process and 
how much in finished goods, we have been squeezing all 3. I mean, and this can only happen 
when two things change. A-your raw material supply, that chain is kept open, and there is a 
continuous speed from there and B-, our operating efficiencies at the plant goes up, and that will 
happen as capacity utilizations improve. 
And the last one is at the field level in terms of improving service, which will mean the waiting 
period for the customers will be lower, and we should be able to service practically on demand. 
We are trying to squeeze all three areas. I think, two months cycle across the chain is reasonable 
given the fact that when you get into industrials and automobile cables, the number of SKUs are 
substantially large. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Finolex Cables Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
It is not just like -- it's not like building here, where the number of SKUs are limited. But as we 
get into flexibles and auto cables, the number of SKUs are substantially high, and you need to 
have sufficient production runs or minimum order quantity for each of those runs for you to run 
an efficient operation.  
So there will be a slight trade-off between efficiency and in the overall efficiency numbers. and 
we try to limit it to about two months. 
Vidit Trivedi: 
Got it. I'll just squeeze one more question. There's a significant amount sitting in your capital 
work in progress, almost INR 307-odd crores. So what's the specific project it is tied to? And 
when can we expect it to be commissioned? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
A lot of it is tied up on the preform project so as I mentioned in my opening remarks, at the 
preform factory  right now, production trials are ongoing, and we expect to commission the plant 
by next month, so when that is done, out of the INR 300 crores, about INR 230 crores or INR 
220 crores, somewhere around that will get capitalized, so then you will only be left with what 
is there for the fiber draw towers, which will get capitalized in the coming quarters. 
Vidit Trivedi: 
Got it, sir. Thanks a lot, all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shreya Wazir from BMSPl Capital. Please go ahead 
Shreya Wazir: 
Thank you for the opportunity. There has been a lot of talks on a few big players with deep 
pockets entering the space. So how do you see their capacities ramping up? And what product 
segments of Finolex will get affected and how? If you could just throw some light on -- if you 
see a meaningful impact on our business operations due to the entrance of these players? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Okay. So over the last one year, there have been announcements from the Birla side, they are 
coming in from the cement group. They are putting up a cable wire and cable factory. Our 
information is that it is likely to get into production more sometime next calendar year. The 
information that I have is, it's probably around second or third quarter next year and that will be 
on the wire side, that will be in direct competition to us. 
The second piece of information was about, Adani is getting into wire and cables. Barring the 
initial announcement, nothing more has been heard from them, so we do not know yet if their 
plans include introduction in '27 or '28 or '29. That is still something that we are not clear about. 
But yes, there will be competition to a large extent on the wire space, but we do believe that 
there is sufficient space for players to coexist.  
Competition will intensify. And I think in a way that's okay, we should be able to handle those 
pressures. That much that I am aware of besides this. 
Shreya Wazir: 
Okay. And my second question is, what is Finolex's strategy to grow its Telecom Cable 
business? As in what is the total market opportunity for players like Finolex from the data center 
building in India and globally, respectively? And how is Finolex building its product portfolio 
to participate in this opportunity? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Finolex Cables Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Yes, you're right. Data centers will have an impact not just the telecom operations, it will also 
have an impact on our power cable operations because data centers will be massive consumers 
of power and they will need fairly heavy sized pipes for power consumption besides fiber as 
well as land cables, so that could lead to more market size in terms of the optic fiber cables that 
would be available for sale. 
In that context, I think our integration backwards into making preforms, expanding our fiber 
draw capacity, all this is a part of preparing for that additional volumes that are expected to 
come. Currently, the glass preforms are all imported by us. There is only one manufacturer in 
the country, which is Sterlite. We would be the second entity there and so what it means is it 
reduces import dependence. At the same time, brings a certain self-sustenance part there. 
Simultaneously, we are also expanding our fiber draw capacity. We're doubling it over the next 
three months so that would again make products available. Designs that would be necessary for 
data center applications, we already can make them, that is not so big a challenge. The capacity 
to make those is also available with us at this point in time so again, that is not a big challenge. 
Material availability at the moment, is an issue. Like I mentioned in my opening remarks, the 
market has changed over the last 3 to 4 months and at the moment, neither fiber, nor preform is 
available for literally any amount of money so the demand scenario has changed at this point in 
time. I think our additional capacity coming into play at this time is going to be beneficial for 
us. 
Shreya Wazir: 
 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Srinivasan with Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Srinivasan: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Two questions. Firstly, on our expansion that we are doing, I 
think, you had mentioned that some 4 million kilometers, we are going to 8 million kilometers 
by Q1 FY ’26. So I wanted to know like, what is the revenue that we could generate this asset 
and if you can tell me like how the margin profile has improved -- will improve because you 
were mentioning about realization going up from about $3 to $5. 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Correct. So over the last two to three years, the demand globally was a little depressed in relation 
to capacities available, so prices which were running at about $4.5 had slipped to slightly above 
$2 over the last 2 - 2.5 years and that has now changed in the last few months. We understand 
that there is a lot of application in the Defense industry. We also understand that there is a lot of 
applications in the Data Center industry overseas, which is pushing this demand to these levels. 
And as the previous participant asked, has more and more data centers get up to a functioning 
stage in India, this demand in India will also increase. Add to it, the BharatNet and other 
programs that are likely to come in the future. I think over the medium and long term, the demand 
is fairly robust.  
The issue in this industry has been where you are dependent on the telecom side and especially 
in our country, bulk of the funding comes from government programs and if that funding is not 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Finolex Cables Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
consistent or sustained over a period of time, then you do have blips plus government programs 
do have this tendency of time lag between announcement and tendering and then again, 
execution, so those have been issues in this industry. 
But I think with the committed funds for those programs, we should see a period where over the 
next few years, besides data centers, you will also get in AI applications, and a lot of fiber will 
be required. The fiber design or construction might be different for different applications, but 
the overall demand is likely to be fairly robust.  
Currently, we have a market share of about 11% - 12% in India. The biggest player is Sterlite 
followed by the Birla Cables and then HFCL. But we should be able to grow from here on with 
our additions to capacity. 
Srinivasan: 
Sir, could you just answer the second part of my question. Like what is our current capacity to 
4 million, what is the potential in terms of top line and what margin do you think we can expect? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
The top line potential is not simply multiplication of the capacity times the fiber prices. The top 
line will depend on the cable selling prices and again, cable selling prices will depend on the 
design of the cable. It should go up now with fiber prices going up but depending on the 
configuration within the cable prices can go up to INR 1,50,000 to INR 1,80,000 per kilometer 
of different kinds of cables.  
It's a little difficult to estimate it, but let me try. I think with the additional capacity that we have 
put up, total revenues from this can go to about anywhere between INR 600 crores to INR 700 
crores in a full year. 
Srinivasan: 
Okay. This is the additional revenue or the overall revenue you see, sir? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
This would be the total revenue. 
Srinivasan: 
Okay. And margins, how is the margin improvement here for us given the prices have gone up? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
If you look at our numbers, if you go back and look at our numbers. When utilizations were 
higher than 75% or so, we have generated margins -- EBIT margins of around 9-odd percent. 
It's only in the last three years or so, that number has fallen to the levels they are now 2.5% or 
so, there is a potential that it can go to about 8%- 9%. 
Srinivasan: 
Got it. Sir, and just one last question. We generate a very healthy amount of cash flow every 
year. So what is our plan in terms of reinvesting after this? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Okay. So like I mentioned in the beginning, capacity utilizations are starting to go up. I also 
mentioned to you that, automobile and solar applications are touching their 80% numbers, so 
those are areas where we can look at additional investment, there is a need as well. Even within 
the construction wire, as we see capacities climbing beyond 70%, we should start planning for 
something new.  
So because planning to execution will take about a year and a half. As we see those numbers 
inching up and touching 70%, we would start planning those, those are the areas where we will 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Finolex Cables Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
invest whether it will happen next year or the year after, that will depend on how quickly the 
ramp-up happens. 
We had already mentioned other potential areas where we could grow. And two quarters ago, 
we commissioned our E-Beam plant and that opens up multiple applications for us. As we get 
the clearances and certifications, we should start investing for those applications as well. So 
these are possible areas. 
Srinivasan: 
 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Veenit within Investec. 
Veenit: 
Thank you for giving the opportunity and very strong set of numbers. Congratulations on that. 
Couple of questions from my side. One is the inventory levels in the channel, given such a strong 
growth we've had within the industry and considering the price increases we've had. Would it 
be right to assume that, that would have been a somewhat of revamp which would have happened 
in Q3, and consequently, at least at the start of Q4, the channel inventories would have been 
much higher than it should? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
I believe so, yes, the channel inventory would have been higher than it should, I believe yes. 
Veenit: 
And sir, if you go to as guess, how much could it be different than the usual levels? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
I think for all the participants in this industry, some amount of volumes were pushed by the 
constant commodity price increases. The trade probably that they would make -- if you buy a 
low and then as the price is increasing, you would get to sell it at a higher price. To some extent, 
I'm sure that it's there. But for whom, how much is a difficult guess to do -- and I think, I will 
refrain from that. But I am sure, there was some. 
Veenit: 
Understood. Understood. Sir, my second question is on margins. Now pre-COVID or maybe '16, 
'17, '18, we used to do mid-teens sort of EBIT margins for the Cables division, those 
subsequently came down to low-teens and then subsequently now, it's in low double-digits. 
Sometimes we also recorded high single-digit margins in that segment.  
Now I understand you've had a change in distribution model, which has had an impact by 2% to 
3% on those margins. But what is led to such a sharp margin drop in the segment? And should 
we think that these are the bottoms and should they stabilize or we should see an improvement 
from here on? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Okay. I think a similar question was asked during the last call as well. Yes, there was a time 
when we used to do about 15%-16%. But then we brought in distribution. So some money had 
to be surrendered there to ensure that the distributors' costs are managed. So I think the 
sustainable level is anywhere between 11% and 12%.  
Above that, in today's context, with intensified competition is really difficult to sustain. You 
might have the hard quarter when you do better than that. But I think what should be sustainable 
would be between 11% and 12%. We are slightly behind that at this point in time. That also has 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Finolex Cables Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
to do a little bit with the change in mix. More of automobile, cable-related sales are more of 
industrial products tend to depress the margin a little bit because of the nature of that business.  
As the volumes grow faster and higher on the construction side, then the balancing would 
happen. So, last quarter, the margins were about 11.5% or so. This quarter, it is dipped a little 
bit. So it depends on which quarter what takes higher share of the pie. So the mix is also a little 
bit of an issue. 
Veenit: 
But sir, just as we were discussing some time back, the competition is likely to intensify in the 
next 12 months' time, don't you think, again, that will have some bit of pressure, if not much and 
consequently margin expansion from these levels will be tough? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
There would definitely be some pressure. I don't discount that at all and we need to be prepared 
to handle that, I think one of the things that we are doing right now is to make sure that our 
channel continues to be motivated, that our distribution network continues to be motivated.  
We also educate them more about life cycle costs and things like that, so that people understand 
that when they buy a product like ours, when you use it, you use it for 20, 30, 40 years and so 
your investment at this point in time is going to pay you back over those 30, 40 years. and 
everybody may not have the same level of quality that we have, that is something that we would 
need to reinforce in our marketing picture. 
Veenit:  
 
Okay, understood. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for participating in this conference today. I hope the interaction 
has been of use to you. If there are questions, please do reach out to us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Finolex Cables Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
                                                This document is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. While every effort has been 
made to ensure a high degree of accuracy, the Company or sender assumes no responsibility for 
any such errors. 
