IMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS — 
ST 
13® March 2026 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Limited 
, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Tndia 
o 
Mumbai - 400 001, Maharashtra, India 
Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051, 
Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 543984 
Scrip Code: SAMHI 
Sub: Transcript of Business Update Call 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Business Update Call held on Friday, 06 March 2026, 
to discuss the strategic investment to acquire majority stake in RARE India, an established leisure 
platform with a plan to scale it into a B2C brand in affiliation with Marriott. 
You are hereby requested to take the same on your records. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Sanjay Jain 
Senior Director - Corporate Affairs, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
Correspondence: 
SANJAY 
JAIN
Digitally signed by 
SANJAY JAIN 
Date: 2026.03.13 
18:04:21 +05'30'

—SALART HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Business Update Conference Call 
March 06, 2026 
“E&OE -This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 6 March 2026 will prevail.” 
—SALART HOTEL INVESTMENTS— 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH JAKHANWALA — MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. RAJAT MEHRA — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. GYANA DAS — EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND 
HEAD OF INVESTMENTS 
MR. NAKUL MANAKTALA — SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
INVESTMENTS 
Page 1 of 19

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Moderator: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
Ladies and genflemen, good day and weleome to the Business Update Conference Call of 
SAMHI Hotels Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and cxpectations of the company as on date 
of this call, These statements are not guarantee of future performance and involve risk and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation conclude. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your fouch- 
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Jakhanwala, MD and CEO of SAMHI Hotels 
Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Thank you. Good morming everyone. You know, today we wanted to speak to all of you about a 
recent transaction that our Board approved yesterday. So in summary, SAMHI has agreed to 
acquire 70% in a business called RARE India. Its a platform which was started in 2003 and 
supports more than 60 small experience-led hotels with about 990 rooms across 15 states in 
India, Bhutan and Nepal. 
Post SAMHI's investment, there is a proposed affiliation with Marriott, under which RARE will 
be appointed and recognized as Marriott's exclusive portfolio platform for the Outdoor 
Collection by Marriott Bonvoy for these markets. Our total investment is limited at about INR 
47 crores or INR 470 million which will allow us to acquire up to 70% stake in RARE India 
over the next 12 months through a combination of primary and secondary. 
‘We will obviously talk about RARE India and the broader opportunity, but basically this follows 
our time-tested strategy of discovering undervalued, underappreciated assets, in this case an 
operating platform, and collaborate with global brands to create and discover the inherent value. 
1 think there arc a few key rationale because of which we have considered this small strategic 
mvestment. 
Number one is we've all noticed as how the leisure segment in India and globally has shown 
phenomenal growth over the past few years, and especially hotels which are relatively smaller 
and experience-lod have shown a strong pricing power. This transaction interestingly allows 
SAMHI to create a scalable brand-led platform in an extremely asset-light and capital-cfficient 
model. It's a unique transaction which allows SAMHI to develop a brand platform but through 
an affiliation with the Marriott Bonvoy’s leading distribution network. 
A legacy of 20 years, RARE was started way back in 2003 or 2004, so it a legacy of 20 years, 
well-regarded founder and team who have remained committed to the portfolio, will allow 
SAMHL to actually focus, continue to focus on its core competence of tier-one business hotels 
while we support creating value in RARE. 
We belicve there arc five reasons, compelling reasons that make this transaction in a way 
transformational. First is the inherent growth in the expericnce-led leisure business. The legacy 
Page 2 of 19

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
Moderator: 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
of the business we are investing in which has been more than 20 years. It has respected founder, 
great set of partners and team. 
There s an existing scale of 67 hotels and about 990 rooms with immense growth opporfunity. 
Our entry price, which is about total put together about INR 45 crores, INR 47 crores, and the 
asset-light model for growth. And in the end, but not the Least, affiliation with Marriott to support 
distribution, which we believe is the biggest challenge for any brand platform. 
This is a quick summary of the transaction. We are very happy to kind of report this becaus this 
marks two firsts for SAMHL The firstis our entry into the leisure segment in a scalable manner, 
and the second is the fact that this is SAMHI's first assct-light investment, which means after 
the first investment of about INR 45 crores, even which is over a 12-month period, we expect 
this platform requiring very little capital as it scalcs up. 
So we think that in the long tem it offers tremendous growth opportunitics without really 
requiring us to put any material capital expenditure. This is a quick summary of the transaction. 
Tl now open the floor for Q&A and address all other through the questions itsclf. 
Thank you so nuch sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question comes from the line of Mr. Vikas Ahuja from Antique Stock Broking 
Limited. Please proceed with your question. 
Yes hi. Thank you for the opportunity and good move in terms of diversification. Mr. Ashish, 
my first question is, you know, I was looking at the numbers of RARE India and they have been 
growing at 15%, 16% over the three years. And we arc paying INR 45 crores to INR 47 crores 
what you have called for that 70% of the business. And the company is currently doing INR 3 
crores as a revenue. So just trying to understand, see this Mariott distribution, everything 
cbviously we are helping, we would be helping them once, you know, the acquisition is over? 
Aren't we kind of, I mean just trying to understand why we are paying this kind of 
a multiple for 
this transaction? And especially with everything going around plus, you know, platforms and 
software which is, you know, which a lot of these companies like the introduction of Anthropic 
and Clauds, so these companics are anyways under so much of pressure. Why we are paying 
such kind of 
a multiple for this? Thank you. That's my first question. 
Yes. So Mr. Vikas, thank you. So first of all, the total consideration we are paying is about total 
primary, secondary put together will be about INR 45 crores. The total enterprise value agreed 
is actually INR 49 crores. So its not that 45 is being paid for 70% Mz Vikas, just to clarify, 
1ight? The total enterprise value agreed for our investment is about 
INR 49 crores for the 100% 
of the current business value. So that's one clarification. 
The sccond, in temms of value, you are right the trailing revenue is sub half a million dollar or 
INR 3 crores. But see, this is not a backward-looking eamings acquisition. It's an opportunity to 
build a platform. Now the value that is being paid has been paid for the following. Number one, 
this company is 23 years, has held these relationships with about 65 odd hotels, 900 rooms for a 
fairly long period of time. 
Page 3 of 19

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
Second, if you go on rareindia.com and by the way all of this will go through a transformation, 
you willsce the quality of asscts that RARE is giving 
us access to. Now 
in the end the value will 
be created as RARE transforms from being a B2B platform to being a B2C platform, which is 
where the real income stream will start coming through. 
But there is a tremendous value in the fact that it carries an existing scale of about 1,000 rooms. 
Soif you sce, the total enterprise value is just about 
INR 4.5 lakhs per room. And if you put the 
B2C transition and the affiliation, the fact that these hotels will be sold on marriott.com, I think 
the cquity nultiplier s massive. So absolutely this acquisition is not based on an carning nultiple 
because it's a very, very — the wholc business is going to be transformed from where it s to 
where it will be. 
It's about the value of the portfolio, the properties, the scale, and the transformation value that 
we will bring fairly quickly. Now you're right, the efforts will be made by us Mr. Vikas, no 
doubts about it, but if you look at a reasonable estimate of what this platform can generate, it is 
expected 
to gencrate almost 60% to 70% return on capital cmployed. So while we're doing that 
cffort, but us and our sharcholders are being more than adequately compensated for that as well. 
Okay, fair cnough. Secondly, how does this RARE India investment fit info SAMHI's long-term 
strategy given the company's historical focus on business hotels and office spaces? Could this 
investment signal a broader shift towards leisure and experiential hospitality or it remains a small 
adjacency? 
Ithink it's an adjacent opportunity. We remain fairly bullish and committed to our core businss 
Mr. Vikas. So thats why we've taken a bit of an asset-light point of view on leisure rather than 
deploying a lot of capital. We remain fairly cxcited, committed, and comfortable deploying 
capital in ticr-one business hotels. That will continue to be by far our principal strategy for the 
foresceable future, RARE India is a unique opportunity and you know, for the price and the 
amount of investment we are making, it can become a significant scalable assct-light model in 
future, but I don't think it distracts us from what we do on a daily basis. 
And that's why there is a value to the team as well, because RARE India’s team has been running 
this business for the last two decades and also you know, bringing this collaboration or affiliation 
with Marriott ensures that there is very little friction to grow this platform within cxisting team 
and the brand. And therefore we can continue to focus on where we make most money. 
Yes, yes, surc. And my final question is, could you please share RARE current EBITDA, so we 
can understand the implied valuation on EV/EBITDA nultiple paid? 
No Mr. Vikas, thats difficult because it a partnership firm right now which is being converted 
into a private limited company. So in a partnership firm, deriving EV EBITDA is just a very 
flawed method. I will repeat that we arc paying about INR 4.5 lakh per room value for an asset- 
light platform. 
INR 45 crores value if today you were to go to a new startup, a founder who started a company 
with 1o business, you would sce when my investors invested in SAMHI in 2011, in a business 
center with zero hotcls, the pre-money valuation was $5 million, right? Now when you look at 
Page 4 of 19

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
Moderator: 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
a team which has been running a company for the last 23 years, when you look at a platform 
with 1,000 rooms and 65 hotels in 15 states, three countries, 
I thinlk the price is extremely extract 
it's a very low entry price for the value that will be created. 
So again I'l urge everyone to not look at backward-looking. Its no different to some of the assets 
we've acquired, Mr. Vikas in the past where we paid acquired asscts at 2% yicld and 3% yicld 
and 4% yicld, but today we are sitting at 20% yield and 30% yicld. So our inherent business 
model is to buy or invest in undemppreciated, undiscovered assets, in this case operating 
platform, and our entire valuation is based on what value we will create out of that. 
No fair enough. Thanks a lot. Il get back in the queue. 
Thank you Mr. Vikas. 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. Please 
g0 abead. 
Yes. Sir tharik you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know that how many hotels and rooms 
that are currently listed on RARE already have a branding partnar? And also what is the typical 
listing fee that a hotel needs to pay for listing on the platform? I mean s it linked to the revenue 
or is it kind of fixed in naturc? 
Great question, Jinesh. So as of today of the 67 hotels, there is no brand affiliation that these 
hotels have. They of course are listed on OTAs. A few of the hotels may have affiliations like 
Mr. & Mrs. Smith which are very similar platforms globally. So all of that rationalization will 
happen, but most of the hotels are independently owned, independently operated, being 
represented by RARE for a long time. 
There may be some overlaps with Mr. & Mrs. Smith, maybe on or two with Small Luxury 
Hotels of the World, but not really beyond that. Okay, there is no global brand distribution which 
is contlicted at this point of time. 
Two, in terms of the transformations, so rightnow you're right, there are two sorts of contractual 
opportunities that RARE has. One is a subscription fee which is very minimal, which ranges 
from INR 2 lakhs to INR 
4 lakhs per hotel per year for it to be listed. They are also entitled to 
18% to 20% commission on direct sales. But because RARE had not completed the transition 
from B2B to B2C, their tech platform, the booking engine, all of that was not ready, they were 
not really generating any B2C income even though they're entitled to an 18% to 20% 
commission. 
Post the investment by us and actually equally important affliation with Marriott, there arc a 
few things which are going to happen. Number one is of course we're going to cnable RARE 
India to start receiving direct bookings which will be then distributed on marriott.com as part of 
the Outdoor Collection by Marriott Bomvoy. 
So as we've always leamed, it's a very powerful distribution platform, gives the portfolio a very 
wide visibility. So we think as we transition RARE from current B2B model to B2C, the 
Page 5 of 19

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS— 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
subscription fee will really become kind of a moot point honestly, it a very small amount, 
negligible. The real source of income will be the B2C business that RARE India will start 
gencrating because of 
it being the exclusive partner for this region for Outdoor Collection by 
Marriott Bomrvoy. 
Got that. So just 
to confirm 18% to 20% commission is what we'll get once a hotel typically lists 
on the platform and the booking essentially happens through that platform. That understanding 
is correct, right? 
Correct. 
Right. And sir a second question with respect to platform ownership and expanding the network 
coverage is that, say for example there is an isolated owner and if he intends to partner with 
Marriott, I mean he can also do that directly given the fact that quite a bit of the propertics that 
are listed on the platform have an ARR of approximately INR 25,000 plus which indicates that 
portfolio is quite mature. 
Sowhat is the advantage of having an aceess to Mariott's network via the RARE platform which 
cssentially will benefit us rather than independently approaching the branding partner? So just 
wanted to understand this bit from you. 
Very good question actually. So today if you see we need 
to go back into the history and pedigree 
of RARE. The reason why RARE as a bootstrapped company with its current founder and team 
has sustained itsclf for over two decades and has had some legendary owners and propertics 
remain a part of it is because of its undarlying thesis of only selecting highly curated, 
experiential, story-led, host-led hotels. And this is a relationship business Jinesh, right? 
Soifyou look ata lot of owners who built the RARE community, T always tell my team it's more 
a community than a company actually, right? That community is all about authentic stories, 
experiences, host-driven. That sort of story is what has remained RARE's strength. And will 
continue to be RAREs strength by the way. And RARE contimis to do that even when it was 
not affiliated with any distribution platform, it did that successfully even when it didn't have a 
substantial investment to back growth. 
So with the investment and the ability to put those hotels on a global distiibution platform, we 
think RARE's attractiveness for future owners becomes even higher. Now, can a RARE owner 
20 to Marriott directly? Answer is yes, but there are nuances to it. 
If you are dircctly going to Martiott for a franchise or a management agrecment, a very small 
15-room hotel in Nubra Valley or a tea estate in Darjceling or up in Uttarakhand or in the 
backwaters of Kerala, does it want to change its look and feel and design and all of those nuances 
to be a Marriott branded hotel? I don't think it will make cconomic sense. 
So there is a huge pool of assets where the whole value is in the authenticity and the story and 
not necessarily a quintessential traditional brand standard. So RARE helps us to aggregate or 
collect all of those portfolios together and get them distributed. 
Page 6 of 19

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Karan Khanna: 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
If somebody has a 50-room hotel or a 40-room hotel which it is willing to rebrand, renovate, 
bring o a certain brand standard and then make a part of the Marriott core brands, of course he 
can do that. And there'll always be a case like that by the way. 
Got that. Sir one last question from my side. We have mentioned in the presentation that the 
revenue potential from this platform could be about INR 90 crores to INR 100 crores in medium 
term and effcctively the mumber of hotels and rooms are doubling: So just wanted to get some 
sense whether we have already shortlisted those hotels that could perhaps come under the RARE 
umbrella or is it bit carly to comment as of now? 
So the journey of RARE from current 67 to about 100 s fairly visible. There is an active pipeline 
of about 25 odd properties. So Iwill caution you that RARE and its founder Shoba have a fairly 
strict checklist before they onboard a RARE hotel, which will include as I said things like 
authenticity, stoty, involvement of the host, but more important the touchpoints on sustainability 
and community. 
So unlike many other aggregator platforms where they chase numbers as to, we've signed 100 
and 200 and 300, I don't think we as an investor support that sort of 
a story. So there is a very 
carcfil selection and curation of the properties which can come on RARE, but in spitc of that 
high bar, there is almost a 25 to 30 active pipeline. So the path from I would say current 67 to 
about 90 to 100 is fairly visible, and Jinesh post the 100 going to 120 to 150 is a systematic 
growth of the portfolio. 
If you see the geographic distribution, we think RARE has built a remarkable reputation in the 
north, in the mountains, especially Leh Ladakh, Spiti, Uttarakhand. I has very, very strong 
presence in the West segment in India like Rajasthan, Gujarat, Central India. I think there is a 
lot of undiscovered gems and jewels in South of India. They've just done their first hotel in 
Bhutan which will open up a new market for them. 
They've always had presence in Nepal which can grow, and we think in times to come Sri Lanka 
is a faily intcresting market. So with such a broad spectrum, their reputation and now the ability 
to distribute alongside an investment on marriott.com, I guess 120 to 150 should be considered 
as a near-term target and not a long-term target. 
Got that, got that. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Thank you Mr. Jinesh. 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. Please 
g0 abead. 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Ashish, just one question. You mentioned that over 70% of the 
RARE hotels operate at a pricing level higher than INR 25,000 per night. Once these propertics 
are integrated into the Marriott Bonvoy ccosystem, do you anticipate a further uplift in the rates 
duc to the global distribution or s the strategy primarily focused on increasing occupancy 
through the Marriott loyalty member base? 
Page 7 of 19

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
Karan Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
Not just that Karan, if we dig desper into the RARE portfolio, more than 50% hotels today are 
static pricing, which means they follow a fixed pricing methodology, which s very rare, as the 
word says. We think that the distribution always helps both. It helps you with pricing and it helps 
you with volumes, right? 
So webelicve that the RARE distribution, by the way Karan we're also bringing the powerhouse 
of our Marriott shared services cluster to boost revenue for the RARE propertics. So it will not 
just be an cloctronic M.com distribution. We also think that this massive infrastructure that we 
have co-built for our Marriott operated hotels will also be kind of used to boost the sales volume 
in these hotels. 
So we do expect and these propertics are unique and special. So do they deserve the higher price? 
The answer s absolutely yes, you know. So we do think that both the pricing power and the 
volumes will significantly go up with this whole partnership that we've put together, of course 
in addition to the platform growth. 
Just a follow-up and you know in a mutshell if you look at so the strategy going forward given 
that historically you've looked at acquiring underappreciated asscts and now perhaps an 
underappreciated platform. So how does this transaction change the long-term thought process 
in terms of acquiring asscts or focusing on Tier 1 markets? 
Now there's experiential pethaps more avenues which you would look to sort of tap into or is 
this just one-off and perhaps depending on this you'd look at more opportunities in let's say 
experiential or leisure scgment? 
So Karan, I think our focus remains Tier-1 business and I cannot repeat that enough. Not kind 
of telling that this is not significant, I think this creates a massive future value in RoCE's 
scalability. The fact that we now have the ability to grow our platform Karan without every time 
putting capital. 
So we were sccking an opportunity where the same skill set that we've applied to assets 
tumaround which are extremely capital intensive, can be used 
to get to a more operating asset- 
light platform where the same cffort, same industry knowledge, same relationships can help us 
expand. 
So there's a lot of value here, but we should not forget the fact that if you and I were to talk in 
FY '30, right I think our leisure asset-light would probably be not more than 5%, right? 5%-7% 
of our top line. We are running for a INR 3,000 crores top line by that year. So if the asset-light 
strategy comes to being even INR 150 crores to INR 200 erores or INR 225 crores, that's honestly 
sub 10%. So we should not deviate from what really makes us money and what has gotten us 
this far and what's a high conviction 
bet on the growth of the office and the aviation market. 
We've been tracking leisure as we've kind of spoke to a lot of investors in the past. We've been 
tracking leisure for the last two years. We were trying to find a unique sct of opportunity for 
curselves. And when we saw RARE with the scale, the size, the legacy, the team, the ability to 
partner and grow this, we just thought it was a very good adjacent opportunity for us. 
Page 8 of 19

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
Karan Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Achal Kumar: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
Now, point two. You know our love for data. Okay and the reason why we never invested in 
Ieisure was because we thought that our circle of competence is in business hotels. You know 
our Sid platform, the data that we have on that is all business hotels. So our ability to underwite 
Ieisure hotels was highly diluted because we didn't have any data. 
But we do think that investing in RARE will help us build a database of information and 
knowledge about leisure market and can we leverage that for selective turnaround bets in the 
Ieisure assets space? I think that's something that we'll evaluate as time comes. 
But what we know for certain is that this very small investment we are making A, has its own 
benefits of compounding, but two, there is a side cffcet that we'llstart getting a lot of data about 
the leisure segment, which could fum out to be very valuable for us in future as we seck that 
segment. 
Great, that's helpful. Thank you, Ashish. 
Thanks Karan. 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Achal Kumar from HSBC Bank. Please 
g0 abead. 
Yes hi. Thanks. So just couple of questions. So, first of all, I think you're showing that the 
revenue potential is almost 30x from where you are today. So how, any, can you show us the 
path to reach that INR 90 crores to INR 100 crores of revenue and how far we are talking about? 
So, Achal, Page mumber 11 of our investor deck, and I think there are three or four levers to that 
really, right? The first lever is of course the network, how far the network grows. So right now 
it's about 60 plus. We expect tto almost double, and as I was responding to the carlier question, 
that doubling is based on a very visible pipeline of about 25, 30, and the balance of course is a 
broader opportunity. So one variable to that jump is really the network cffeet. 
The second is the fact that currently there is zero B2C income, or when I say zero, negligible 
B2C income, right? That's a new stream that will get created as we invest our money, convert 
RARE from B2B to B2C, start their website to become tech-enabled to start taking direct 
bookings, integrate that with marriott.com and Bonvoy, right? 
So what will happen is that all of that integration will create a new source of revenue, which is 
today zero. So it's not a multiplication, it's actually the fact that its a new source of business that 
is going to be gencrated through this whole partnership investment, tech and then the affiliation 
with Marriott. 
So, so that I don't ook at multiple, it's just the simple business of how much business you can 
produce and what's your take out, what's your fe rate on that? I think that's what we have 
underwritten. 
In terms of timeline, we cxpect what we have shown on Page mumber 3 to be a three to four year 
deliverable, that in that period this portfolio should get to a INR 100 crores top line really. 
Page 9 of 19

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Achal Kum: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Achal Kumar: 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
Moderator: 
‘Vaibhav Mulay: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
‘Vaibhav Mulay: 
‘Vaibhav Mul: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
Right, just one clasification. So you've given the rate of INR 25,000 average pricing. What is 
the average overall oceupancy rate for these RARE at the moment? 
So currently the occupancy ranges from 35% to 45%. So it a low occupancy, typically these 
are also a lot of these hotels tend to be scasonal, but I think there's 35% to 45% occupancy. We 
think there's tremendous opportunity to boost occupancy for the owners here using the 
distribution. And too, as you boost occupancy, you get more visibility of the business, you have 
the ability to price them, you know. 
Okay, fine. I think rest of my questions were answered. Thanks. 
Thank you Ms. Achal. 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Vaibhav Mulay from Haitong 
Securitics. Please go ahead. Mr. Vaibhar, you may please proceed abead with your question. 
Hi sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Am 
I audible? 
Yes, you are. Yes. 
Okay, great. My first question was regarding the tech capabilities required for the B2C transition. 
Does RARE currently possess those capabilitics or does SAMHI need to make additional 
investments and build those tech capabilitics to transition towards the B2C model? 
So Mr. Vaibhav, the investment we're actually making in RARE is to cnable that transition. But 
here is a lesson, building a simple tech interface to take a booking is not that expensive and 
actually there are a lot of off-the-shelf products available. The real expense comes when you're 
trying to build the distribution, and which we believe s extremely expensive given the world is 
becoming more and more competitive. 
That's why we took this strategic call that alongside our investment in RARE, we also have an 
in-paralle] discussion going on for an affiliation with Marriott. Because that access fo 
distribution in my opinion is I believe it's insancly expensive if you want to build it on your own. 
Sothat as always, we have done in our business hotel scgment, that's something we're aceessing 
through an existing operator who's also happens to be a world leader honestly in terms of 
distribution. 
So our investment that we are making in RARE, Vaibhav, is towards enabling RARE India to 
build its tech platform which enables it to link to marriott.com. And then allow individual RARE 
properties also to link to RARE India. So that's the investment we are making in RARE. 
Understood sir. Second question was on the key risk factors that we have mentioned in the 
presentation, mainly regarding the some of the properties may not be transitioning to Marriott 
distribution platform within the intended timeframe. Can you claborate more on that? How many 
properties do you expect actually to transition without any specific hurdies because of, you 
know, conflicting affiliations? 
Page 10 of 19

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
‘Vaibhav Muley: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
‘Vaibhav Muley: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
So Vaibhar, as of today we don't see a definitive numerical risk here, but we felt that itis a risk 
factor that we need to highlight to the markets and the investor community. There are 67 hotels 
as we go through integration, there, as we've said there could be a potential that there's some 
properties which have a conflicting affiliation. 
As I said, there is no brand affiliation in any of these properties. Shoba who is the founder has 
always been very clear about that. But there arc similar expericntial distribution platforms like 
Mr. & Mrs. Smith and SLH. Some of these propertics may have those paralle] affiliations and 
we'll need to work through as to how that conlict gets resolved. 
Not material Vaibhav to answer you. It could be in single digits to be honest with you. And that's 
why we're said that while we sce that as a key risk factor, but we fecl that the total platform 
scale is not a threat because there's also a lot more new propetties which arc being evaluated to 
be added on really. So the scale i not a threat, but from the existing 67, we wanted 
to think that 
there could be some which may not be able to be transitioned to marriott.com. 
Okay, but these propertics will continue to remain listed on other OTAs? 
No -- OTAs yes, of course OTA is like — yes OTA is yes. I mean the good thing if at all good 
thing is that a lot of RARE hotels are not on OTAs today, which is as you know in today's world 
rather RARE. And we think that given the quality of these assets, the compelling stories they 
have to offer to the travellers, our ability to distribute them, they may not need to depend a lot 
more on external distribution platforms, but OTAs are always a formidable partner. So OTAs 
may remain a part of the distribution matrix, but I was falking about more branded distribution 
platforms, not the OTAs. 
Understood sir. And in the past we have seen Ieisure being a very volatile scgment in terms of 
demand visibility and it is more prone to all the geopolitical uncertainty as well, which is why 
SAMHI has always refrained from investing more into leisure and we have focused on core 
demand markets where there is a strong demand visibility for medium term. But this is a bit of 
adeviation from that strategy. Do you think we'll pursue more and more investments into leisure 
segment now going forward with this acquisition? 
So Vaibhar, you've hit the nail on the spot. The reason about volatility, customer preferences 
changing very frequently is the reason that we've completely stayed away from making big box 
asset investments in leisure. T don't think our thesis changes with this. There's a reason why 
we've taken an asset-light bet, we've taken a bet on a very different segment of leisure which is 
small experience-led rather than big box product and investment-led investments. 
Soyes I think we'll continue as  szid we contimi to be a big believer of the office and the airline 
and the business hotels that drive that business. This s an asset-light, that's why we're deploying 
a very limited pool of capital. Just to put things in perspective, this INR 45 crores investment 
over a 12 month period will be probably fust about 10% of our free cash that we arc gencrating, 
but to get access to a faily scalable platform, right? So yes, we'll remain focused on business 
when it comes to asset investments and we've taken this as a long-term strategic bet being asset- 
light. 
Page 11 of 19

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
‘Vaibhav Muley: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Ranodeep S: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Ranodeep S: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
Understood sir. Perfect. Thank you so much and all the best 
Thank you. 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ranodeep $ from MAS Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for entry in a new space, truly a remarkable 
moment. My question which you alluded to carlier Ashish was, this marks SAMHI's first 
structured entry into experiential leisure. As the platform seales, do you sce SAMHI considering 
acquiring or incubating more experiential assets around RARE? 
Not really. I mean, there could be onc-off over a long-term period, but not really. We're not 
looking at starting to invest capital for expericntial leisure because we just think the two don't 
20 together. I mean these RARE hotels are experiential because their owners have for last 10, 
15,20, 
25 years have created those stories and experiences. 
1 don't think it can be replicated by an investor just putting capital even if that investor is us, 
Ranodeep, 1ight? So that's why we found this story to be very compelling and honestly cannot 
be replicated because if you want to replicate RARE, it's not about INR 45 crores. It's not even 
about Marriott or any other distribution platform. Ifs the story of those 65, 67 hotel owners at 
remote places across India which have created these really, really charming stories. 
So we like this in an asset-light model where we are more a strategic imvestor, we are more 
providing the support of linking it to our existing operating partners for distribution. And after 
that I think Shoba and her team arc the people who've built this company, they are totally 
committed and invested in scaling this up. 
So we can go back to doing what we do for a living and cam cash from there. We think this 
platform has a massive option valuc in future as it scales up, because I don't think it can be 
replicated because for that somebody docs need if not 25 at least 10, 15 years, right? So that's 
the uniquencss about this opportunity. 
We don't see this getting us to start making sizeable, repeatable bets in creating leisure asscs. 
One-off, I can never say no, we're an opportunistic investor, but other than that is it going to 
change us strategy of starting to deploy a lot of capital in the leisure space? The answer is no, 
not as of today. 
Sure. In fact brings me to the next question. Given RARE currently operates for a average daily 
rate of around INR 25,000, which is almost 4x of our business hotels RevPAR and add to that 
Marriott Bonvoy’s global distribution and add to that SAMHI's operational expertise, are we 
underplaying it by saying INR 100 crores opportunity or are we looking at a bigger number 
here? 
Sce the fun, the good thing Ranodecp about assct-light is you need to really worry about your 
downside. Okay, because the upside is not requiring you to put more capital. If I talk about 
Page 12 of 19

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
Ranodeep S: 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
Moderator: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
SAMHI's core strategy, [ know 
my downside, but for my upside Ineed to find these hotels where 
Thave to buy the assct, in in many cases lease it, which is very capital cfficient. 
Here, we think that the portfolio size we may be underplaying grossly. We think this portfolio 
could be a lot bigger than what we've indicated on Slide number 11 because there are these 
cxisting unique properties across our subcontinent which are ready to be discovered and ready 
o be distributed and ready for the story to be told to the world. 
In terms of the impact that RARE and this partnership can make for the performance of those 
hotels, we wanted to bite what we can chew. So we think that we can clearly help the property 
owners to uplift their both rates and definitely the volumes over the next 1.5 years, 2 years. Don't 
forget, while we talked about more than 70% of the hotels selling at upwards INR 25,000, there 
are probably 30% of the hotels today which sell upwards of INR 45,000 in this portfolio. 
So this portfolio’s pricing power could be substantially higher than what it is today because the 
discovery is what was missing. It was known to a thoroughbred community of RARE travellers 
or what was called RARE circle, but this story needs to be discovered by a much wider audience 
of travellers who are sceking not big box, repeatable, stone and marble, but very, very on-ground 
community-led travel storics. 
So what is good forus Ranodeep is we're not entering a portfolio where positioning or reputation 
is a concern. Even today without distribution these hotels were delivering rate upwards of INR 
25,000, many of them upwards of INR 45,000. So absolutely no risk on reputation. All we need 
to do is improve discovery and booking and I think we can unlock a lot more value. But in terms 
of number, I think given this s a first foray, it wouldn't harm us to be more realistic than 
optimistic at this stage. We will revise this if we fecl we are being pessimistic in duc course. 
Appreciate that Ashish. I think always loved your thought process and all I can say at the closurc 
is that Sam Zell must be smiling from above on this. Thank you. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rajiv Bharati from Nuvama Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. So on Slide 11, this INR 25,000 per stay which you said, let's 
say pre-COVID that this number was at what level? 
Pre-COVID? 
I mean couple of years back because I mean, 
No, it's not a - so the volumes have, but obviously Rajiv shified during COVID, but I will at the 
cost of being a stuck record I'l repeat that we're buying into legacy, in terms of the quality of 
owners and properties. What we're just trying to get right is distribution and sales, right? 
Page 13 of 19

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
So, I repeated carlicr, these propertics always were highly reputable, had its own fan base of 
travelers. So, we have not really seen a big titanic shift in the pricing power of propertics pre- 
and post-COVID, But I do think that the potential is a lot more. 
Sure. So, on your with B2C transition and you said its a partnership firm and you know, because 
of let's say whatever legal thing, you can basically monetize this INR 50 crores instantly right if 
that transition happens? So, this INR 53 crores revenue subscription plus BC is instant right is 
it how it is? 
Well, I wish anything in life was instant because the transition, Rajiv, itself will take a fow 
quarters, right? But I think findamentally what you're saying is not wrong. The investment we 
are making in this can casily be recovered once the platform is fully integrated in a 18-month 
period really, right? 18 to 20-month period. 
So, I think that's why we've been saying that our entry price is so low that it allows to take a big 
bet on RARE becoming much bigger, being lot more useful to its community. So, you're right, 
our investment is so small that we think once the platform is stabilized, we should be able to 
recover it back in 18 months to 20, I wouldnit be as optimistic to say a single year, but we would 
think about 18 months to 24 months is what we will recover our investment. 
Yes. So, two questions here. So, one, because both the line items on the top line are fee income. 
Usually, fee income has a much larger flow through. So, we sec only 25%, 30% flow through. 
So, one, why is that? 
And then let's say even if we take let's say INR 15 crores EBITDA for you know which is let's 
say, 1-year or 1.5 years out and the promoters sold it for INR 49 crores. Looks extremely cheap 
tight? I mean from seller's point of view. I mean, why did they scll so cheap is the question. 
Okay, so couple of things. our margins are low because we are not investing in building our own 
distribution, we are renting it, Rajiv, right? So, if we were to not have an affiliation with a global 
distribution like Bonvoy, on paper margins will look higher, but we arc also aware that the 
upfront investment will be a lot more and the success rate may be really poor, okay? 
So, we have taken the route of the margins being more moderated because we know that we are 
pigeybacking on a global affiliation, that's point one. Point two, and absolutely right, this is what 
we've debated intemally that from a financial return perspective if we really mess this up, this 
should be a 5x-6x, right? If we totally mess this up. 
And if we do it right then this could be the sort of investment that all investors - this could be 
the See’s Candies moment for SAMHI where, you know, the investment you'r making should 
be your return every year for the rest of the life, right? 
Norw why did the current team engage with us? So first of all, don't forget they continue to own 
30% which is really sizeable as we scale up this business. You will all of you will meet Shoba 
at some point. She is an artist. And for her finding the right strategic partner was more important 
than secking a headline number, right? And I think there was a bit of clegance when they 
recognized that the current business model is not producing the revenue. 
Page 14 of 19

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
So, the first question that Vikas asked about valuation, right? So, you take that first and the last 
thing and you realize somewhere in between is where you discover value where the existing 
sharcholders have a lot more value fo be created in future with this investment, therefore don't 
get fully priced for future value. 
And we've also paid, we have not looked back in the past to value the portfolio, but we've looked 
at the future to make sure that all constituents seck cxcitement in terms of their wealth creation. 
So, I think, Rajiv, we £t that Shoba was looking for a strategic partner and not an investor. I 
completely agree with you, she may have found better valuation with strategic investors and the 
sort of valuations being talked about today in this space are insanc. 
They're ot even close to 35. You will at have to add one more zero to that really, right, for this 
scale. So, I think it's about finding that unique partner and she's not young start-up founder for 
the last 4, 5 years chasing valuation. She's a legend in this space who's been doing it for last 2.5 
decades. 
Her reputation precedes her, and I think she was looking for more than just investor, she was 
looking for a real partner, and our ability to stitch this whole affiliation between RARE and 
Marriott is I think what creates most value for everybody: us, her, property ovwners, and 
hopefully Marriott as well. 
That's great. Can you just point out what is the enterprise-level revenue for this asset last year 
for 677 
No, no, it only subscription fee they are not doing any B2C sales, it's the INR 3 crores. 
No, no, the enterprise level in the sense if you were to let's say own the entire - Yes. 
‘What's the total enterprise salcs of these 67 hotels? You have it in the model? Rajiv, give us a 
second, we'll come to you. We have it in the Excel. Yes. 
Yes, while we do that, one slide above, which is Slide 10, the total investment you're doing is 
INR 47 crotes. The post-money valuation is INR 72 crores, 49 plus 23. It comes to close to 65%, 
1ight? And you said 70%. Can you stitch the math? I mean what is the gap? 
No so there is also secondary right? There’s just not primary. It's primary and sccondary. 
So, the 47 includes primary, secondary right? I mean 47 divided by 72 -- Yes. 
No, no, no. It includes everything, primary and secondary. 
Yes, so 47 divided by? 
Give the maths Nakul. 
And by the way while Nakul comes here to answer, INR 250 crores is the enterprisc-wide sales 
gross sales, yes gross salcs. 
Page 15 of 19

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Nakul Manaktala: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Moderator: 
Raghav Malik: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
Hi, Rajiv. Nakul here. So, the transaction is structured into a primary and a secondary. Primary 
is of around INR 23 crores again divided in two tranches. One is upfront, the second would be 
within 12 months. The sccondary is around INR 24 cr s, again part of it is upfront and part 
within 12 months. Total enterprise value ona pre-money basis is around INR 49 crores. So that's 
kind of how the transaction is stitched. Total cumulative investment is INR 47 crores. 
And Nakul T got that. So, your pre-money is 49. 23 is your primary. Put together post-money 
becomes 72. And your total investment you're putting is 47. 47 divided 
by 72 becomes 65 versus 
70% is what you said. So, there's are we missing something here? 
No, no, because we are buying the sccondary purchase is happening right now at INR 49 crores, 
right. Actually, two stages. The first is happening at INR 40 crores, right? So, you're right. The 
first primary purchase is happening at not 49, but INR 40 crores. The second one is happening 
at a price to give the blended value of INR 49 crores. So, you're absolutely right, its slightly 
lower than that. The way math works. 
Got it. That's all from 
my side. Thanks a lot. 
Rajiv, well put it on an Excel if you need it just to kind of clarify how the structure is. But 
because the dealis being structured in a 12-month phase, even thoughit's a small amount, what's 
happening is that the first round actually that we're investing now orwill invest in the next month 
or sowill be at a pre-money of INR 40 crores. 
It's the sccond round which takes it to a blended value of INR 
49 crores. But we already have 
some primary upfront as well right, secondary upfront as well. So that's why the gap of 5% on a 
calculation is coming. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Raghav Malik from Jefferics. Please go 
ahead. 
Yes hi. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on the acquisition. Just a question a follow- 
up on the pipeline that you have in place, the 25 hotels that are already said to come up. So how 
many of those would be in that 40k, 45k plus sort of pricing range obviously on overall scale? 
And what s the time period for these 25 hotels to come up? 
Ithink itll follow the same pattern, so when we talk about 70% of hotels remaining upwards of 
INR 25,000,  think the pipelin it's fair to assume will remain very similar, especially when you 
onboard those propertics. How you yicld manage and enhance the productivity and performance 
obviouslyis a factor of distribution. 
So, for future properties we should not assume any significant rate variation. We should follow 
the similar trend, right? About 30% of the propertics arc upwards of INR 40,000 highly 
experiential, very unique. Most properties are upwards of INR 25,000 again very, very 
experience-led in very unique locations. So, I think the ARR distribution will remain pretty much 
the same actually, you know. 
Page 16 of 19

Raghav Malik: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Raghav Malik: 
Raghav Malik: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
So but there'll be a delta that will come in post the Marriott integration right on the? 
My sense is Yes, my sense is 15%, 15% odd improvement is just the power of distribution and 
the ability to fill up the demand curve brings you that 15%, 20% upside. That's what we've seen 
in actually any segment in this - in scctor. But in the end, a lot of it also depends on the RARE 
owners because they are the custodians of those hotels and how do they want to drive the 
performance. 
Sure, sure, understood. And for the 120, 150 like what is the rough medium-term timeline? I 
‘mean indicator? 
So, T think as T said that the path to from current 67 to let's say 90 to 100 is pretty short term we 
should think in the next 12 to 15 months, right? And then we would expect that another year or 
5o we should get to that intended 120, 150 rumber. I think that's based on mapping the existing 
pool of opportunities because don't forget RARE typically looks at a property having had some 
legacy, has been in operation, so typically a new-built asset is highly unlikely to be a RARE 
hotel. 
But thercfore which means that the pipeline that we're talking about there is a reasonable amount 
of scanning which has been done. So we think that 120 to 150 should be as we've mentioned 
here should be a three-year target. The first target being met in 15 to 18 months and the second 
let's say a 1-1.5 year after that. 
Sure, sure. That's very clear. Thank you and all the best. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Abhishek Khanna from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Twas just wanting to check when you said INR 250 crores of revenue from the full platform as 
things stand today, does that not feel a little lower in the context of 
a INR 25,000 ARR and a 
40% odd oceupancy? I would have thought that number comes closer o a INR 400 crores, INR 
500 crores. That's one. 
For the INR 250 crores, I think the numbers that I'm getting is maybe a INR 25,000 ARR and 
an occupancy which is more closer to 22%, 23% unless something I'm going wrong with. The 
second when you say you're expecting a INR 50 crores of B2C income, what is the level of 
revenue that you are assuming these hotels to generate versus if the current number is about INR 
250 crores or so. 
Yes so Abhishek, what we've done is we've taken a 35% occupancy and just an average rate of 
about INR 20,000 to get to that INR 250 crores. That's just a modeling number. In terms of the 
occupancy, we clearly think that when we looked at the demand pattems, we've really looked at 
the fact that the occupancy should be ot less than I mean 50%, 55% and the rate should move 
up at least in our opinion about 15%-odd. 
Page 17 of 19

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
So the occupancies need to really move up and that's just the power of distribution. So most of 
the upside will actually come from occupancy increase. We have assumed or we have 
underwritten that there will be approximately a 10%-0dd CAGR in the rates over the next two 
years as we strengthen the distribution. 
And that's how with the network with the 120 or 125 odd hotel network, we think that the total 
value of the income in the assets will be about INR 800-odd crores, right, which is currently 
about INR 255 crores, INR 260 crores. So it will 
be about INR 800-0dd crores and then the total 
B2C income will 
be in circa about INR 100-0dd crores. 
Okay. So INR 800 crores for the full 140, 150 hotels, which means ballpark. .. 
125. 
125 which means let's say INR 400-odd crores is the potential for the existing portfolio as things 
stand today, against which you're expecting a B2C income of INR 50 crores and EBITDA of 
INR 15 crores. Just to confirm one thing, while I got the sense of it from a response to an earlier 
participant, but the delta between the EBITDA and your B2C income is largely what would go 
to the affiliate partner out there? 
Absolutely. So majority s the affiliation fee and very small overheads really. 
Just one final question. T agree this is something, again going back to the same question of why 
not going dircetly to Marriott and 
I understand that Marriott would probably not be interested in 
doing these 15, 20 key properties as things stand today. Do you think there is an outer chance 
that once they've created a category with you, they might just be open to do it anyway with the 
partner directly without making too many enhancements to the asset per se? 
So,as you know that Marriott has launched this platform called Outdoor Collections by Marriott 
Bonvoy in the US. And the Outdoor Collection is exactly intended 
to, curate a platform of these, 
back and beyond experiential small properties. What is important, Mr. Abhishek, is to note that 
RARE now under the affiliation will have an exclusive rights for Outdoor Collection by Marriott 
Bonvoy for India, Nepal, Bhutan and Sti Lanka. 
So it's a pretty substantial commitment from both partners that they are allowing RARE to be 
the exclusive partner for Outdoor Collection by Marriott Bonvoy, which is the platform which 
helps them curate such assets in the US. So we think that this affiliation and by the way, Marriott 
will also commit capital, through a different manner to cnsure that as we launch this platform, 
there s very strong marketing fnds available from the Outdoor Collection Marriott Bonvoy. 
So it's not just our, investment that we are making in RARE, it also that Marriott will also co- 
sponsor especially more on the funding the opex in the initial time. So if's a while the numbers 
are very small, but it's a substantial commitment from both all thrce actually, RARE, SAMHI 
and Marriott to be able to use RARE as the exclusive platform for the Outdoor Collection. 
So will there be a possibility that if somebody is doing a 60, 70 room hotel Abhishek, answer is 
absolutely yes and that is usually not a typical RARE hotel also. So that segment that scale we 
Page 18 of 19

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Moderator: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
March 06, 2026 
cannot comment on, but Yes the smaller the true 12, 15 with a history, we'd like to believe that 
majority of them will remain to be on the RARE. There arc always leakages in these things, 
Abhishek, which we can't deny, but I'm just talking about the intended strategy and commitment 
of the partners today. 
Sure. All right. Thanks a lot. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, duc to the time constraint, that was the last question for today. 
I would like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. Thank 
you and over to you team. 
So, thank you so nmuch everybody for your time today. As I mentioned earlier, we have stayed 
away from leisure, but we feel that taking this small asset-light bet will give us entry into a 
segment which honestly with the discretionary and the disposable income 
in India growing could 
well itsclf be a very large segment. 
So while we remain focused on what we know best, do best, love most, which is tier-one boring 
business hotels which make a lot of mney, we do think that our strategic investment in RARE 
with the existing team and Marriott affiliation will tum out to be a pretty sizeable platform that 
Ithink will just enjoy not just as investors but I also hope all of you will enjoy as travelers also. 
So look forward to talking to you all soon. Thank you so much. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of SAMHI Hotels Limited, that conclude this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
Page 19 of 19
