 
 
 
LG Electronics India Limited  
(16th to 20th Floor) C- 001, Tower D, KK Project, Sector-16 B. 
Noida - 201301 Dist. Gautam Buddha Nagar, UP (India) 
T: 91-120-651-6700 Website: www.lg.com/in 
Email id: cgc.india@lge.com 
Regd. Office: A-24/6, Mohan Cooperative Industrial Estate, Mathura Road, New Delhi – 110044 
CIN: L32107DL1997PLC220109 
 
 
 
LGEIL/CGC/2025-26/42 
 
Date: February 18, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
 
BSE Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G  
 
 
             Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
 
 
 
Dalal Street,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
NSE Symbol: LGEINDIA 
 
 
 
             Scrip Code: 544576 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call in respect of Financial Results for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2025 
 
Dear Madam/Sir, 
 
This is in reference to the Company’s intimation dated February 04, 2026 filed with the Stock 
Exchanges pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, regarding the Earnings call held to discuss the financial results of the Company for 
the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025, which was scheduled on February 12, 2026. 
 
Further to the audio recording already submitted to the Stock Exchanges, we hereby enclose the 
Transcript of the said Earnings Call. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.lg.com/in/investorrelations/quarterly-reports/ 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours truly, 
For LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
 
(Anuj Goyal) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
Anuj Goyal
Digitally signed by Anuj Goyal 
DN: c=IN, st=Delhi, 
2.5.4.20=cd884a46ddb4083faaa8aa529316f5b5fa75043782a702
9c66b232e76d747c0c, postalCode=110092, street=J EXT 110 
LAXMI NAGAR GALI NO2 NEAR JAGAT RAM PARK Laxmi Nagar 
east Delhi, pseudonym=20250625144403137, title=5591, 
serialNumber=523087c1d87cd3a4becfec89071a399096cf9d228
67419e0779cce796472add4, o=Personal, cn=Anuj Goyal 
Date: 2026.02.18 15:20:57 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“LG Electronics India Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 12, 2026 
 
  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DONGMYUNG SEO – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & 
CFO 
 
MR. SANJAY CHITKARA – CO-CHIEF SALES & 
MARKETING OFFICER 
 
MR. ATUL KHANNA – CHIEF ACCOUNTING OFFICER 
 
MR. GAGANJEET SINGH – CHIEF MANUFACTURING 
OFFICER 
 
MR. GURPINDERJEET SINGH – HEAD, FINANCIAL 
PLANNING 
 
MR. SOONJOO SEO – INVESTOR RELATIONS OFFICER 
 
MR. ADITYA BHASIN – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BHAVANI KUMAWAT – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the LG Electronics India Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that, this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Bhavani Kumawat from Axis Capital. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Bhavani Kumawat: 
Yes, thank you so much. On behalf of Axis Capital, I would like to welcome all the participants 
to the Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of LG Electronics India Limited. I would like to 
inform you that, the call is being recorded and the audio call and transcript will be available on 
the company website. 
 First of all, I would like to thank LG Electronics for giving us the opportunity to host the call 
and would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Aditya Bhasin, Head Investor Relations. Thanks, 
and over to you, sir. 
Aditya Bhasin: 
Thank you, Bhavani. A very good evening to everyone. I would like to welcome you to the Q3 
FY '26 Earnings Call of LG Electronics India Limited. Hope you have gone through our earnings 
presentation uploaded on our website and Stock Exchange. 
I also want to remind you of the Safe Harbor. We may be making some forward-looking 
statements that have to be understood in the conjugation with the uncertainties and the risks that 
the company faces. 
We have our senior management here today with us, being represented by Mr. Dongmyung Seo, 
Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Sanjay Chitkara, Co-Chief Sales and Marketing Officer; Mr. Atul 
Khanna, Chief Accounting Officer; Mr. Gaganjeet Singh, Chief Manufacturing Officer; Mr. 
Gurpinderjeet Singh, Head Financial Planning; and Mr. Soonjoo Seo, Investor Relations Officer. 
Without further delay, I would like to invite our CFO, Mr. Dongmyung Seo, to share his opening 
remarks and take us through the long-term vision for LG Electronics India. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Dongmyung Seo: 
Namaste. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. It is an honour to present 
our second earnings report as a listed company today. We are pleased to share LG Electronics 
India's financial results for the third quarter of FY 2026. 
First of all, let me provide an overview of this year's business environment. The business 
landscape has been impacted by several external pressures, including US tariffs, sharp currency 
fluctuations, purchases deferments following the GST announcement, geopolitical uncertainties, 
and softening consumer demand driven by rising prices. Despite these challenges, we continued 

 
 
LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
to expand our market share and strengthened our leadership in premium product categories such 
as OLED TVs, side-by-side refrigerators, and five-star air conditioners.  
The fourth quarter also began on a positive note, with strong demand across categories, 
particularly in home appliances, supported by our successful transition to the new BEE ratings. 
Backed by robust execution and solid fundamentals, we expect to exceed our performance from 
last year's fourth quarter. 
Now, let me highlight several achievements that further show our leadership, innovation, and 
long-term commitment to the Indian market. Firstly, we secured an incentive of INR705 crores 
from the Government of Maharashtra, strengthening our manufacturing base and reaffirming 
our long-term investment in India. 
Secondly, we were among the first brands to launch India's first 2026 BEE compliant air 
conditioners, showcasing LG's leadership in energy-efficient technology. Thirdly, we received 
the National Energy Conservation Award from the President of India for Home Appliance of the 
Year for our washing machine, another testament to LG's commitment to innovation and 
leadership. 
Finally, subject to external factors including market situation, we aim to double our export value 
by exporting premium products manufactured in India to the US and Europe, supported by the 
India-US tariff negotiations and the India-EU FTA negotiations. 
With this foundation, I will now hand over to our IRO, Soonjoo Seo, who will share the progress 
we are making towards our future vision. Thank you. 
Soonjoo Seo: 
Thank you, Mr. CFO. Let me now provide an update on the progress of our future vision. As 
part of our Make for India strategy, LG Electronics India is strengthening its product roadmap 
by combining global technology leadership with deep insight into the Indian customers. The best 
example of this is our new Essential Series, a product range designed for aspiring consumers 
and first-time buyers, and has been launched in under-penetrated regional markets, where it has 
received an excellent response. 
We remain committed to growing alongside Indian customers by offering high-quality products 
at reasonable prices, backed by LG's trusted technology. Aligned with our Make in India 
strategy, we are accelerating manufacturing expansion through the construction of our third 
manufacturing plant in Sri City, Andhra Pradesh. Construction is progressing smoothly and we 
plan to begin production of combined heating and cooling air conditioners in the fourth quarter 
of this year, followed by compressor production in the next phase.  
Our two other plants continue to operate with a strong supply chain, efficient logistics, and 
industry-leading operational excellence. As our manufacturing ecosystem strengthens, we are 
accelerating localization to further reduce costs, shorten time to market, and deliver great value 
to our Indian customers. 

 
 
LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
In line with our Global South strategy, we are leveraging India's robust manufacturing 
capabilities to expand exports of premium products. As the CFO mentioned earlier, the Indian 
government's proactive measures, particularly the rationalization of the India-US tariffs to 18% 
and the conclusion of the India-EU Free Trade Agreement, have significantly improved the 
export outlook. 
We see this as an important step toward realizing our vision of Make India Global. While subject 
to changing, depending on external factors including market situation, we are optimistic about 
doubling our export of premium India-manufactured products next fiscal year, primarily driven 
by export to the US and Europe. These exports will not only support sales growth, but also 
enhance domestic premium production and improve margins, strengthening LG India's position 
as a future global export hub. 
These factors highlight the resilience of LG India's business model and the enduring strength of 
our brand. LG India is focused on building a strong foundation for the future. Beyond our core 
B2C products, we are actively exploring new growth opportunities, including non-hardware 
regular maintenance services like the AMC business, as well as B2B opportunities in 
information displays and commercial air conditioners. 
To support these initiatives, we have redesigned our organization to accelerate execution and 
strengthen our growth capabilities. We established an export organization to scale exports, 
improve cost competitiveness, and strengthen LG India's global footprint, particularly in North 
America. 
We also established a dedicated AMC organization to expand our AMC business, increasing 
profitability and deepening customer relationships. In addition, we have created the role of Chief 
Strategy Officer, to build a high-performance business portfolio, prepare for future opportunities 
and align company-wide growth initiatives. 
Through these strategic actions, we are laying a more solid foundation for long-term growth. At 
the core of this journey is our commitment to shareholder value creation, sustainable growth and 
profitability, which will remain central to LG India's future journey. 
I will now hand over to Mr. Atul Khanna, our Chief Accounting Officer, to walk you through 
financial performance. Thank you. 
Atul Khanna: 
Thank you, Mr. Seo, and good evening everyone. Let me now share an overview of LG India's 
financial performance for the third quarter of fiscal year 2026. The quarter began on a positive 
note with the consumer durable industry, witnessing encouraging demand momentum. The GST 
rate rationalization announced earlier in September continued to provide a strong tailwind, 
particularly in the Television category. 
We saw healthy traction during the festival season, especially in the Premium segment where 
large screen and OLED models gained strong consumer preference. The combination of 
improved sentiments, wedding season demand and attractive financing options, helped drive 

 
 
LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
growth across premium appliances. This translated into resilient market share gains and 
reaffirmed both the strength of our brand and power of our robust distribution network. 
As we moved post the festive period, demand trend became subdued, especially in the 
compressor-based categories such as air conditioners and refrigerators. Cooler than expected 
weather conditions in the first half of the year, coupled with cautious consumer sentiment, 
weighed on volumes in these segments. Despite these challenges, we were able to increase our 
market share on a YTD basis, even after taking price hikes in select categories to offset input 
cost increase and FX pressure. 
In Q3FY 2026, LG India reported a revenue from operations of INR 41.14 billion, compared to 
INR 43.96 billion in the same quarter last year. EBITDA stood at INR 1.96 billion with a margin 
of 4.8% versus INR 3.4 billion and 7.7% in quarter 3 FY 2025. EBITDA margin declined due 
to combined effect of subdued sales impacting operating leverage, increased input cost, 
currency-related headwinds and impact of the new Labour Code. 
Let me now touch on working capital. As of 31st December 2025, our working capital stood at 
INR 11.3 billion, as compared to INR 8.1 billion as on 31st December 2024. The increase was 
primarily due to incremental inventory in compressor-led products as we are planning for 
upcoming summer season with new BEE norms and temporary support with extended additional 
payment days to our trade partners, offering them greater flexibility and support. Our cash and 
bank balance as of 31st December 2025 remains healthy, at INR 45.0 billion. 
As disclosed earlier, in line with our long-term growth strategy, we continue to reinvest in our 
business. A key milestone is the upcoming expansion of our manufacturing capability with 
INR5,000 crores, investment in our Sri City plant in Andhra Pradesh. This facility is poised to 
become a strategic asset for both domestic operations and export markets, enhancing production 
capacity, improving logistics efficiency and supporting our localization roadmap. 
The project is progressing in line with our internal targets and we expect to commence the first 
line of room air conditioner business operations in the last quarter of current calendar year that 
means, calendar year 2026. Importantly, the capex will be funded entirely through internal 
accruals, deployed in a phased manner over the next 4 to 5 years.  
I would also like to highlight an important development. LG India has successfully entered into 
a nine-year Advance Pricing Agreement with Central Board of Direct Taxes, covering a period 
of 9 years – from FY '14 to FY '23,. This agreement provides long-term certainty on transfer 
pricing matters and eliminates contingent liabilities of nearly INR 4.87 billion related to direct 
taxes and royalty payments. 
While there is a modest one-time tax outgo, the settlement significantly de-risks our tax profile, 
enhances transparency, and improves earnings visibility. This milestone further strengthens our 
financial foundation and reinforces confidence in our ability to deliver sustainable growth and 
shareholder value. 

 
 
LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
With that, I would now like to hand over to Mr. Aditya Bhasin, Head IR, who will walk you 
through the segmental performance and share insights into our outlook for the coming quarters. 
Over to you, Mr. Bhasin. 
Aditya Bhasin: 
Thank you, Atul ji, and good evening, everyone. Let me now take you through our segmental 
business performance for the third quarter of fiscal year 2026, starting with our Home Appliance 
& Air Solution segment. In the third quarter, our Home Appliance & Air Solution segment 
maintained clear leadership. 
Festive demand supported growth, though post-Diwali softness moderated momentum in the 
compressor-led products. However, our premium launches, including French door refrigerators 
and AI-enabled washing machine 2.0, reinforced our leadership. 
Let me now share the glimpse of product-wise market share for YTD December 2025. In the 
washing machine category, our market share stood at 33%, maintaining our leadership in this 
category. In refrigerators, we stood at 30%, an increase of 0.5% compared to YTD December 
2024, which is reflecting the continued strength in our core appliance portfolio. 
In the AC category, our share was 17.3% with an increase of 0.4% compared to YTD December 
2024. In the premium category, our side-by-side refrigerator market share increased to 43.3%, 
an increase of 2.9%, highlighting our leadership in premium cooling segment. 
Talking about segment financial performance, revenue for the segment was INR 27.88 billion 
compared to INR 30.91 billion last year, with EBIT margin of 4%. The margins decreased due 
to low revenue which impacted operating leverage, increased raw material prices including 
copper and aluminium, and foreign exchange volatility further added pressure on margin. 
Looking ahead at Q4 FY '26, the new BEE norms are boosting consumer interest in upgraded 
appliances, supporting demand recovery across categories. Overall, industry segment remains 
positive, with consumer preference for premium energy-efficient products and low penetration 
continues to provide opportunities in the volume zone. Margins continue to face pressure from 
elevated raw material cost and FX volatility, though industry-wide price adjustments are helping 
to partially mitigate these impacts. 
During this quarter, we will be launching a new range of RACs and expand our BEE-rated 
refrigerator portfolio, including a 2 ton five-star air conditioner and a new range of French door 
models which will further strengthen our premium line up. In addition, we are entering the chest 
freezer category and introducing new essential products such as sub-1 ton, which is 0.9 ton 
inverter air conditioners, along with new range of 10 kg top-load washing machine and more 
variants of refrigerator. 
These initiatives reinforce our leadership in the premium segment, while broadening our 
presence in the value segments, positioning us for sustainable growth across the portfolio. A 
favourable summer season is expected to further support the growth momentum and continue 
maintain market leadership. 

 
 
LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Moving on to our Home Entertainment segment. The segment saw strong traction at the start of 
the quarter, driven by festive and wedding season demand as well as the GST rate cut, 
particularly in televisions. Offline TV market share improved with OLED share rising to 62.4%, 
an increase of 2.7 percentage points, reinforcing our leadership in premium televisions. 
Demand softened post-festival, moderating overall momentum, but B2B growth in information 
displays continued to contribute positively. The segment revenue from operations stood at 
INR13.26 billion, up by 1.7% year-on-year from INR13.05 billion in Q3 FY25. Margins, 
however, were impacted by the post-festival demand slowdown and input cost pressures, though 
the premium TVs and B2B opportunities provided resilience. 
Looking to Q4, the market continues to see traction in premium televisions supported by rising 
consumer preference for large screen formats. B2B growth in information display is being driven 
by increased government infrastructure spending in education and steady investments from the 
multinational company sector.  
LG's premium portfolio resilience and operational efficiency are positioning the company to 
deliver sustained growth and profitability. The B2B business led by information displays is 
strengthening further by capitalizing on India's expanding infrastructure sectors, particularly in 
education and corporate investment. 
Now to summarize, our Q3 results were below internal targets, but this is a temporary phase. 
Our long-term fundamentals remains unchanged. Despite demand challenges, we implemented 
price increase in key home appliance categories, protecting profitability while expanding year-
to-date market share. 
Q4, on the other side, has begun on a very strong note with broad-based sell-in growth across 
product lines led by category recovery in home appliance segment. Our fundamentals remains 
unchanged with strong brand equity, disciplined execution, and a clear focus on long-term 
shareholder value. 
Strategically, we are expanding product leadership across premium and value segments through 
LG Essential, strengthening manufacturing capabilities through our upcoming Sri City facility, 
and driving innovation and localization to ensure our offerings are tailored to Indian households 
while remaining competitive. 
With that, we conclude our remarks. We now request the operator to open the lines for the Q&A 
session. We look forward to addressing your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Umang Mehta: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on inflation. So, based on spot RM 
prices and the impact of new energy efficiency norms, what would be the price hikes 
required across categories, and how much is already passed through? 

 
 
LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Aditya Bhasin: 
This question will be addressed by our CO-CSMO, Mr. Sanjay Chitkara. 
Sanjay Chitkara: 
So, we acknowledge that there was a price increase in input costs, particularly metals like copper 
and aluminium, But we are a global company and we have a massive large scale global 
procurement. And we have a very long-term raw material contract with our vendors and a 
excellent backward integration, so we can secure the best price for raw materials which helps 
manage and mitigate the volatility. 
The new BEE norms are coming, and with this, we are improving the efficiency of our product 
by 11%. So with this, we are increasing the price. So there would be almost 7 to 8% price 
increase on three-star Acs and we are increasing prices by 9 to 10% on five-star ACs we are 
increasing for the new BEE star-rated products. 
And as said, like we have seen a recent GST cut has been done, and that will largely offset this 
impact  ensuring that effectively there is no burden on our customer, and they will get the Acs 
practically at last year price itself. As a market leader, we generally take to price hikes only when 
it is absolutly required and ensure that our price positioning remain competitive and to protect 
our margins. 
how are other companies responding, we will not like to comment on that, but we are very 
confident that our procurement strength, our product mix, our leadership position allows us to 
manage costs inflation effectively and manage our growth too. Thank you very much. 
Umang Mehta: 
Thank you. And the second question I had was on your exports. So what is the level of 
confidence on doubling exports next year? Apart from tariffs, are there any other risks to 
this guidance? Thank you. 
Aditya Bhasin: 
 
So this question will be addressed by Mr. Atul Khanna who is our CAO. 
Atul Khanna: 
Thank you for the reasonable question. LG India currently exports around 6% to 7% of total 
revenue to 54 neighbouring countries such as Nepal, Bangladesh, Middle East and Southeast 
Asia. With our strong manufacturing capabilities and operational excellence, India has emerged 
as a global production hub for LG Group. Under the Global South initiative, expanding the 
business in fast-growing and emerging markets, India now stands at centre of out HQs export 
strategy. 
LG India, plans to identify new export destinations from our third manufacturing facility to 
expand exports of premium products to wider markets. Internal preparations are underway, 
including revisions to the production line tailored to the expanding export markets. We are very 
confident about our export business moving forward from fiscal year '27 and onwards given U.S. 
tariff rationalization the signing of the EU FTA, giving us additional opportunities to add on to 
our export business. 
Subject to external factors, we are aiming to doubling our exports from the next financial year, 
fiscal year '27. We have developed our production capability to manufacture premium products 

 
 
LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
like side-by-side refrigerators, large capacity top freezers, which is 650 litres plus refrigerator, 
at our Pune manufacturing plant already. And these premium products have already passed the 
quality standard, usage pattern, and design specs of the U.S. market, which gives benefit to add 
up the new geographies like U.S. and other developed economies. 
Overall, apart from this tariff structure risk, we remain confident of expanding our exports. These 
exports will not only drive revenue growth but also elevate premium production in India and 
improve margins, firmly positioning LG India as a future global export hub. Thank you. 
Umang Mehta: 
 
Got it. Thank you so much sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sonali Salgaonkar from Jefferies Group. 
Please go ahead. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Thank you for the opportunity, and thanks team for the very good presentation at the 
outset. It's good to hear that the market share in key categories have been retained and 
also grown to a certain extent. Sir my first question is regarding the strategy of the 
company over the next 2 to 3 years. If you could let us know which are the key growth 
catalysts that you would require and where do you envisage them over the next 2 to 3 
years? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
 
So this question will be addressed by our CFO, Mr. Dongmyung Seo. 
Dongmyung Seo: 
[Foreign Language] LG India continues to show resilience and strength even in a challenging 
environment. Our fundamentals remain solid, and we have steadily expanded our market share. 
Going forward, growth will be driven by a stronger premium B2C portfolio, while we also 
broaden our presence in the mass segment through the new LG Essential series, particularly 
targeting Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets and first-time buyers. We are also entering new product 
categories such as chest freezers to reach a wider consumer base. 
On the B2B front, momentum will come from HVAC and information display solutions, 
supported by high-margin non-hardware recurring revenue streams such as the AMC business. 
Exports from our third factory will further extend our market reach and following the 
rationalization of U.S. tariffs, we are actively evaluating new opportunities. 
Localization has already increased from 45.1% in FY '22 to 54.6% in Q3 FY '26, and will 
continue to rise under the Make in India initiative. Collectively, these initiatives will position 
LGE India to achieve sustainable and profitable growth over the next three years. Thank you. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Thank you, sir. So, my second question is regarding the price hikes again. Now, you did 
mention -- Mr. Chitkara did mention the 7% to 10% price hike in three to five-star aircons 
since January, but what about the other product categories? Can you also help us with the 
quantum of the price hikes in the other key categories and also when did you take them? 
Thank you. 

 
 
LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Aditya Bhasin: 
 
This question will be addressed by our Co-CSMO, Mr. Sanjay Chitkara. 
Sanjay Chitkara: 
So, I spoke about air conditioners, but specific to other products, we are increasing the prices for 
washing machine and refrigerator. It is to the tune of 2% to 3% and that price increase was taken 
in the month of November. And we are very vigilant about the situation so on the one hand, we 
want our product to be very competitive, but on the other hand, our margins are also our priority. 
So, whenever any call is to be taken on price, we are taking it. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Got it sir. Thank you very much and all the best to the team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sanjeev from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. My first question is on margins. So, can you elaborate 
on specific cost items which has led to margin compression in this quarter? Because if we 
look at gross margin, that seems to be largely stable year-on-year. Also, what level of 
margin should we consider on a sustainable basis going forward? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
 
So, this question will be addressed by our CAO, Mr. Atul Khanna. 
Atul Khanna: 
Yes, thank you for the very reasonable question. Pressure on margins was  a temporary phase in 
this quarter and there is no issue as far as company fundamentals are concerned. Q3 is 
traditionally the smallest quarter in our sales cycle, amounting is around 16% to 17% of our total 
revenue, and the revenue softness during this period had a direct impact on operating leverage, 
relatively in our compressor-based products where fixed cost absorption structurally impacted 
margins. 
There is another one-time impact related to new wage code basis government regulation change. 
Thirdly, on the compliance cost, which is related to electronic waste, we added some burden on 
the margins along with RMC cost and FX fluctuation also impacted our margins. 
We have also initiated a strong drive for annual maintenance contract business, which is a new 
revenue stream, where we have gained strong growth, though the top-line impact will come only 
when after the expiry of the product standard warranty, which is normally one year, which is 
when we have to pass the AMC incentive to partners and promoters, we have done that 
accounting as their obligation of sales completed. So, this is just a temporary timing gap with 
respect to the AMC incentive cost. 
With respect to PAT, I need to highlight here that we signed an Advance Pricing Agreement 
with CBDT where one-time tax outgo impacted our PAT, but our contingent liability of INR488 
crores comes to zero in relation to transfer pricing litigations and royalty payments to the parent 
company, and this is for a period of nine years, 2014 to 2023. 
Our margin sustainability is driven by our strategic initiatives going forward as we have built on 
our localization rate to 54.6% in this quarter to reduce import dependency and manage cost 

 
 
LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
inflation, channel mix and premiumization across all key product categories, expansion of our 
non-hardware revenue AMC services to create a recurring high-margin revenue stream, focus 
on our B2B business where recovery in government orders has already begun in Q3 and orders 
are expected to contribute in Q4 from multinational company orders, giving us opportunuties in 
education and infrastructure expansion.  
With respect to exports, the US tariff rationalization, will help accelerate our commitment to 
Make India Global as we optimize production to serve both domestic needs and expand exports. 
We are assessing with our headquarters for the feasible allocation for FY 2027 and we are 
estimating almost doubling our exports in financial year 2027. 
Despite these headwinds, we remain fundamentally strong. Q4 is historically our  largest quarter, 
and we are confident of deliver double-digit revenue growth and EBITDA margin better than 
last year’s Q4 in mid-teen digits. That is for Q4. Our overall outlook for FY '26 is to deliver 
early single-digit revenue growth with EBITDA margin in double-digit. 
As you asked for the future outlook for FY '27, our guidance is very clear. With all our good 
initiatives, our guidance is to deliver double-digit revenue growth and sustain early-teen digit 
margins in line with our FY '25 margin levels, supported by premium product launches, 
diversified portfolio, strong brand equity. We are confident to reinforcing LG India's leadership 
and delivering sustainable value creation. Thank you. 
Sanjeev: 
Thank you for the detailed answer, sir. Second question is on depreciation. There seems to 
be an increase on a sequential basis. So, what is the reason for that because I think most of 
the capex will be seen in FY '27? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
 
This question will also be addressed by Mr. Atul. 
Atul Khanna: 
So, depreciation, we all know that is an impact towards the capitalization for building the 
manufacturing capabilities, increasing our localization on sub-assemblies, and bringing in new 
technology innovative products. 
During the year '25, 9-month period, April to December, the total investment amount was 
INR420 crores with respect to when we compare it to last year, it is INR 220 crores. So, the 
investment was being done to bring on our manufacturing capabilities localization. For that 
reason, the depreciation impact increases during this quarter with respect to last quarter, number 
one. 
Number two, we get central government incentives on regular basis,for the capex investment 
under M-SIPS, Modified Special Incentive Package Schemes,  which is also being accounted 
for to neutralize the impact of depreciation as it is being given for the capex investment only, 
considering the life of an asset. 
During this quarter, we did not realize such high incentive of M-SIPS due to various factors 
including government budgetary issues, though from Q4, we will start receiving this on regular 

 
 
LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
basis for our projects already in the pipeline for which we have already applied to the, Ministry 
of Electronics and IT, to get the incentive refunds. Thank you. 
Sanjeev Singh: 
And can you give the quantum of the incentive, which you receive every quarter? Thank 
you so much. 
Atul Khanna: 
So, amount particularly is based on the capex investment for each project of phase, as we do 
normally phase-wise investment like for refrigerator, air conditioners, washing machine, TV in 
our both the plants, existing plants. 
So, we received the incentive in Q3 2025  a huge amount as the projects were little larger, where 
the larger projects we have already applied for the incentive refunds, which we will receive in 
Q4, as well as going forward in Q1 of FY 2027. Thank you. 
Sanjeev:  
 
Okay. Thank you so much sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Praveen Sahay from Prabhudas Lilladher Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is related to the incentive as you had 
highlighted that approximately around INR 705 crores you are going to receive from the 
Maharashtra government. So, can you give some specific timeline for the disbursement of 
that amount, and also LG India is expected to receive any portion in this financial year FY 
2026, and how these incentives will be treated in our financial statements? 
Aditya Bhasin 
This question has two parts. The first one will be addressed by our CFO, Mr. Dongmyung Seo, 
and the second one will be addressed by Mr. Atul Khanna. 
Dongmyung Seo: 
[Foreign Language] Thank you for the question. On January 16, 2025, the Government of 
Maharashtra issued an eligibility certificate to LGE India under the Electronics Policy 2016 for 
a mega expansion projects.  
This approval recognizes investments of INR 705.7 crores made between November 1, 2017 and 
October 30, 2024, qualifying us for incentives of the same amount in the form of SGST refunds, 
electricity duty and stamp duty exemptions, refunds of employees' EPF contributions, power 
tariff subsidies, and property tax exemptions. 
The incentive entitlement is valid for 15 years starting from May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2040, with 
an annual disbursement cap of INR 47.04 crore. While the benefit will accrue over the 15-year 
period, we expect to begin realizing a portion of these incentives in the current year. 
In our financial statements, these incentives will be recognized as income-linked to the 
underlying expense categories, thereby, strengthening our profitability profile and enhancing 
cash flows, while also underscoring the government's confidence in LGE India's long-term 
growth and contribution to the state's industrial ecosystem. Thank you.  

 
 
LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Atul Khanna: 
With respect to your second question regarding how much would be booked in the current 
financial year FY '26, this entitlement is for 15 years with an overall cap of INR 47.04 crores. It 
is from May '25 to April 2040. So, we would be accounting for almost INR 43 crores rupees in 
this fiscal year '26 as it is a period from May '25 to 31st March 2026. We will account INR 43 
crores in this financial year. Thank you. 
Praveen Sahay: 
All right. Thank you for this. Second question is related to the recycling cost related to the 
compliance. Last quarter also we had seen some cost has arisen out of that, this quarter as 
well. Is this cost is recurring in the nature, the way forward also, we'll continue to see. And 
how much is the quantum of that? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
 
This question will also be addressed by Mr. Atul Khanna.  
Atul Khanna: 
So, thank you for the question. The recycling cost, if you recall that I have explained in the last 
meeting, that the targets are for every two years and this, was changed revised as per the the 
government norms. Till fiscal year '25, the target for recycling was 60%, and now for fiscal year 
'26 and fiscal year '27 is 70%. And going forward for fiscal year '28 onwards, the target would 
be 80%. So for fiscal year '26, the target is 70%. So, increase in the 10% target has a resulted in 
increasing our incremental electronic recycling cost burden. That is the reason. 
Praveen Sahay: 
 
Okay. Okay. Any quantum? Can you give? 
Atul Khanna: 
If we talk about quantum-wise, this would be almost, I will say, 0.15% of our total revenue, in 
principle, the incremental portion with respect to fiscal year '25. Though this quarter, quarter 3 
was soft in demand revenue, so that is the reason that it has impacted by 0.3%. 
Praveen Sahay: 
 
Thank you, sir. And all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Natasha from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Natasha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question is on the TV product category. Now 
on the margin decline, it has been very sharp both Y-o-Y and sequentially. And assuming 
sequentially, there was a GST rate cut and the benefit must have flown in. So is the margin 
off because of the global headwinds like your chip prices, panel prices, and then you import 
a lot of your BOM cost, so currency depreciation there? 
And if it is so, these problems continue to persist. So -- and then we have a softer quarter that is 
Q4 and Q1 in terms of TV. Because this is a high-margin segment for you, would that mean that 
at least in the first half of this calendar, your home entertainment business could continue to see 
more pressure in terms of margins? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
 
So, this question will also be addressed by our Co-CSMO Mr. Sanjay Chitkara.  
Sanjay Chitkara: 
So yes, thanks for this question. Yes, there was some pressure on input cost, as you rightly 
mentioned. But for LG India, this impact was mitigated by our strong brand power. Because of 

 
 
LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
our strong brand power, we were able to take some premium over other competition and a heavy 
premium heavy model mix.  
And we are focusing more on larger screen to mitigate this pressure. In fact, industry data shows 
that 43-inch and above TVs now account for two-thirds of sales in India, which is clearly 
reflecting that customer shifts towards the premium product. And when it comes to the premium 
products, LG becomes their natural choice. So, the demand dynamics support stable and even 
better margin despite of cost  inflation. 
Let me tell you that LG India continues to strengthen its profitability through cost-efficient local 
manufacturing premium TVs. By focusing on local manufacturing and procurement, the 
company reduces the import duties, logistics expenses, and currency risk. Currently, the local 
panel sourcing contributes roughly 29% for us, while overall local TV module procurement has 
already exceeded 55%. 
The key components for TV like UHD 43, 55 module are already sourced locally and we have 
a plan to expand this to the 32-inch Full HD TV also module for the next year. So, this strategy 
is not only enhancing our profitability, but also strengthens our product portfolio and improving 
our market shares and increasing the overall business towards the premium demand. So, we are 
very watchful and we will incorporate price increases whenever it is needed for our new PRM. 
Natasha: 
Got it. So, can you just once again tell me the consolidated import in terms of BOM cost 
per TV, percentage-wise? 
Sanjay Chitkara: 
So, see, we understand your interest on this information, but it's a bit competition-sensitive 
information. And we think that it is not a right place to disclose this. 
Natasha: 
Understood. No problem. So, my second question is on, more again, near-term in terms of 
RAC, so you've mentioned that the secondaries have picked up. While it definitely has, just 
wanted to understand will that trigger primary sales too, because I believe the channel is 
choke-blocked with inventory? So, would that lead to any strong primary growth in the 
near-term, say fourth quarter? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
 
So, this question will be address by Mr. Sanjay Chitkara sir, again. 
Sanjay Chitkara: 
So, see, we have already seen this AC season is very cyclical, and we have seen a softer summer 
last year. And we are very hopeful that this year will be a very hot summer. And we have already 
seen the reflection of this, January sale has shown a better results as compared to the same period 
in the last financial year. 
But we have to also see that our core demand drivers for, AC business is low penetration in 
India, premiumization and shift towards the energy-efficient ACs. We have recently introduced 
many missing segments in our AC business, like we were not present in five-star two-ton AC 
segment. We have now introduced this AC to the market. 

 
 
LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
We were also not there in sub-one ton capacity. Under our Essential series we have also provided 
that AC in the market. 12% of the industry’s portion is covered by fixed-speed ACs, another 
segment where too LG India was not present, this year we have entered this segment as well 
with more energy-efficient three star Acs. 
Let me also tell you, it's a matter of great pride that during last financial year, LG was number 
two player in AC business, while this year we have gained absolute leadership in the AC business 
we are now the number one player in the AC business. We believe that this year the inventory 
has been already normalized, new BEE star rating ACs have come, we were the first one to 
introduce these ACs, overall channel motivation and confidence is very high and we will see a 
very good summer season this year. 
Natasha:  
 
Understood sir. That’s extremely helpful. Thank you and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pravin Yeolekar from Bajaj Life Insurance. 
Please go ahead. 
Sujit Jain: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. This is Sujit Jain. So just to get this right, Expo, you 
saying, could double in FY '27, itself in absolute terms, which is where $160 million could 
practically double in next year. Is that correct? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
 
This question will be addressed by our CAO, Mr. Atul Khanna ji. 
Atul Khanna: 
Yes, I explained earlier in another question that yes, we have a plan to expand our exports and 
double our exports from $160 million, which was in FY '25 and FY '26 but in FY '27, we would 
be doubling our export sales, assuming that external factors stay conducive. 
The U.S. tariff rationalization has happened and the EU, FTA has been signed giving us an 
opportunity to add on to our export business. These exports will not only drive revenue growth 
but also elevate premium production in India and improve our margins. 
And we also have the product transfer of side-by-side refrigerators, large capacity refrigerator, 
which is 650 liters plus capacity.  We already have a production capability and capacity for this 
in our Pune plant. As we start our third manufacturing facility in Sri City, Andhra Pradesh, we 
are building a premium products line-up there as well and internal preparations are underway to 
increase our exports. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes. Thanks, sir. Just two questions. Memory prices have gone up materially. So especially 
for the TV business and even the display business, how do you see the inflationary 
pressures? That is question one. And second question, if you can share more details on LG 
Essentials, what has been the initial market share gain, if you can call out any, and whether 

 
 
LG Electronics India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
the product distribution has been across India, means, GT, MT, ECOM largely done, or 
what can be the upside in FY '27 and '28? Yes, thanks. 
Aditya Bhasin: 
 
Thank you, Aniruddha. This question will be addressed by CO-CSMO, Mr. Sanjay Chitkaraji. 
Sanjay Chitkara: 
So, in the interest of time, I would like to remind you that two questions have just been answered. 
So, I will move to your second part of your question, which is regarding the volume zone 
Essential series. 
So let me first give you the context that India is a very large and diverse market with multiple 
customer segments. While LG was always a very strong premium brand, our intent is to extend 
that premium experience to a wider audience customer base. So, through value engineering and 
smart design, we are making products more affordable without compromising our core 
technology, energy efficiency and the reliability. 
So, this LG Essential Series is not about chasing volume. Definitely it will chase the volume 
also, and it will help us to expand our market share. But it is also  about bringing new customers 
into the overall LG ecosystem while maintaining our brand trust. So, we'll continue to focus on 
our premium product, our premiumization, energy efficient, innovation, service, AMC business, 
B2B solution business, and Essential Series will help us to participate in entry segments in a 
very disciplined way. So it is a very balanced strategy. 
Talking about market share, which you just mentioned, so we have improved our market share 
this year. Our market share improvement during this calendar year for refrigerator it is 0.5%, 
room AC 0.4 % and TV category, it is 0.7%. Let me also tell you that our brand strength during 
this period has been very high. in the washing machine segment -- our gap with number two 
player has been the highest during this period. 
For washing machine, we have created a gap of 15.8 % with the number two player, for 
refrigerators 5.9 % and for TVs 5%. Additionally, we are doing extremely well in the premium 
segment. Our OLED TV market share is 62.4 %, which has improved 2.6-point over last year. 
Similarly for side-by-side, our current share is 43.3% which is also reflecting an improvement 
of 2.9%. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Aditya Bhasin for the closing remarks. 
Aditya Bhasin: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That was the last question for today and with this we conclude 
today's conference call. However, if there are any further queries or clarifications, please feel 
free to reach out to me. And on behalf of LG Electronics India Limited, we thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
