 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 502, Wing-A, Shree Nand Dham, Sector 11, CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai 400614 Maharashtra, India 
Corporate Office: 6th Floor, Wing-A, Shree Nand Dham, Sector 11, CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai 400614 Maharashtra, India 
+91 22 6266 1111        Info@markolines.com        www.markolines.com 
CIN: L99999MH2002PLC156371 (Formerly Markolines Traffic Controls Ltd.) 
16th March, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400001. 
 
 
 
Kind 
attention: 
Department 
of 
Corporate Services. 
 
BSE Scrip ID: 543364, 
BSE Script Code: MARKOLINES 
To, 
National 
Stock 
Exchange 
of 
India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Kind attention: Listing Dept. 
 
 
NSE Symbol: MARKOLINES 
 
Sub: Transcript of Post Earnings Conference call with Analyst / Investors held 
on 11th March 2026 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Post Earnings 
Conference Call for unaudited financial results for quarter ended 31st December, 2025, 
held on 11th March, 2026 at 4.00 p.m. (IST). 
 
The transcript will also be available on the Company's website at www.markolines.com 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
 
For Markolines Pavement Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sanjay Patil 
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN: 00229052 
 
SANJAY 
BHANUDAS PATIL
Digitally signed by SANJAY 
BHANUDAS PATIL 
Date: 2026.03.16 14:35:14 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
Markolines Pavement Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
March 11, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the analyst meet call for Markolines 
Pavement Technologies Limited.  
Today on the call from the management team, we have with us Mr. Vijay Oswal, Founder and 
Chief Financial Officer. He has been one of the guiding forces behind Markolines’ growth 
through his sharp business acumen and strategic planning. 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all the participants that this call may contain forward-
looking statements which may involve risk and uncertainties. At this moment all participants 
are in the listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. At that time, 
you may click on the Q&A tab to ask a live question. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
I would now like to request Mr. Vijay Oswal – Founder and Chief Financial Officer to run us 
through the investor presentation and the growth plan and vision for the coming year. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Thank you, Yashashri. Good evening everybody. It is indeed a pleasure to see you and talk to 
you again after our Q3 results and recent announcement of a few huge orders that we have 
received and we are really excited to share our presentation with you all. 
So, now let me quickly take you through the presentation. So, basically now it is almost 23 years 
of, into the business and right from a very humble start we are here today. we have got listed 
on SME, now we are on BSE as well as NSE main board and the Q3 performance are really good 
and we feel excited about it.  
So, now, if I have to talk about Markolines, we were founded in 2002, with a single product and 
now we provide the complete and comprehensive range of products and services, which are 
required for highway maintenance. 
Now we are the largest and first O&M company to be listed and with Pan India presence. Of 
course, the journey had been roller coaster but all the way if I look at, I am really proud to share 
that we have been growing year by year. And this company, just for those who are listening to 
us for the first time, I will quickly recap otherwise we have been talking to the people. This 
company is led by our Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Sanjay Patil and myself and we 
also have other directors and our CEO Mr. Anil Nikam.  

 
Page 2 of 14 
Mainly our business verticals are divided into three categories: 
Highway maintenance, specialized maintenance services and specialized construction services. 
Highway maintenances are basically wherein we provide various types of services such as  
Major maintenance. Roads, being the wear and tear type of service, It needs to be overhauled 
and maintained regularly wherein we have to do the major maintenance, almost every five to 
seven years.  Rigid pavement maintenances that’s basically the concrete pavement surfaces, 
we do that maintenances also. 
Under the specialized maintenance services, we do two things that is one is micro-surfacing 
and second is Cold In Place Recycling. Micro-surfacing and Cold In Place Recycling are the new 
technological advanced techniques that is used in the main highway maintenances which are 
environment friendly as well as cost effective and modern and innovative in nature.  
And then specialized constructions, there are two types of jobs we do. One is the soil 
stabilization or full depth reclamation what we call it. When the new roads alignments are 
passing through the, farmlands where we do not get these very solid sub base. So, by latest 
technologies, by chemical induction, we can do the soil stabilization and the good foundation 
can be formed for a new road, even if it is passing through the farmlands. 
And of course, tunnelling, which we have been now doing it for three years. As of now we have 
two tunnels which are ongoing; one in Maharashtra and one in Jammu Kashmir that is in the 
name of joint venture because it is with three other contractors we have taken that contract 
of about Rs. 450 crores in conjunction.  
Now if I have to just quickly tell you that Markolines has done is about 122 lakh square 
kilometers of micro surfacing, that is highest in the nation. Then we have done up till now more 
than 5000 kilometers of MMR work. And as of now we have, though this presentation relates 
to the December one, but as of today we have about Rs. 695 crores of unexecuted order book 
which also includes Rs. 439 crores of orders which we have recently received.  
Then just to give you an update, as I have said we have already migrated in this particular 
financial year migration to the BSE as well as NSE and now we have also announced the merger 
of Markolines Infra in the Markolines pavement. Now basically what is Markolines, we started 
with a single product, we share very good relationship with our clients and because of the 
disciplined work, we have real advantage and put ourselves as number one service provider in 
this space. It is all because of the various skill sets and the advantages that we have gathered 
and the credentials we gathered over the last few years.  
Now what are the drivers to the business? In this business, we are market leaders, we have a 
proven track record and a very experienced and senior team. and the kind of model business 

 
Page 3 of 14 
model we use it is robust in nature. Since we were the one of the first and still surviving with a 
good number, we get a first movers’ advantage. We are the ones who have basically introduced 
lot of new technologies in terms of road maintenance in India and of course strong order book 
that, I have already spoken about.  
Now what is it makes our future vision is our client-centric approach, then the expanding 
service offerings that we have been offering whatever the client has been asking for rather 
beyond asking. We have also introduced lot of new technologies to this. Driving the revenue 
growth and leveraging the core expertise that is what makes us leaders in this particular 
business. Now as you can see our presence, as I have already said, we are working Pan India 
except the Northeast where the development is recently happening, & as and when the roads 
would come for the maintenances we shall surely be migrating there.  
As of today if I talk about clients, all the major funds that have come to India particularly for  
the highway business are our clients, Typically there are two types of ownerships, the NHAI has 
the prime ownership of the entire Indian road network but now they are monetizing it by 
privatizing and giving it to the private funds or the asset owners on the basis of PPP model.  
wherein the ownership is transferred to the asset owner for a limited period of time against 
the upfront payment of the toll collection fees that is done. Now we are really proud to say 
that every fund that is operating in India or owning an asset is our clients.  Majorly we work in 
with two types of clients, majorly with the private service providers as well as we have few 
direct government orders also. If you see in our clients every fund that is working in India or 
any other major asset owner may it be L&T or the Tatas’ or any other InvITs’, they are also on 
our client list. And in the course of our operations number of times we have been appreciated 
by our clients for our good services, the comprehensive solutions that we have provided and 
all this data is also available on our website.  
Now if you look at industry today, after the Modi Government regime there is a special focus 
on infrastructure and we are growing really very high pace. As such we have the second largest 
road network in the world and also growing.  If I have talk to you about the national highway, 
we are growing the national highway at about 34 kilometers per day and as I have already said 
that government has a plan to monetize these assets and they are now promoting the more 
and more PPP models wherein various projects are being offered to the private funds or the 
asset owners on PPP model on upfront payment which is called as TOT. 
So, these are the various new projects which are announced across the India. There are huge 
number of projects and expressways, national highways coming up. And also in the various 
terrains, the tunnelling work is also going on in a huge scale, so that gives us a good opportunity 
because all the road network that is added to the national highway will ultimately and 
subsequently come for maintenance in subsequent years. 

 
Page 4 of 14 
Now as far as Q3 is concerned, we have grown over last year. If I have to just talk about, then 
revenue has grown by 16%, EBITDA also has grown by 16%. The PAT has gone up by 11% and 
EPS has gone by 19% from Rs. 2.79 to Rs. 3.33. Now if I have to just summarize on the nine 
months as compared to last year, we have grown by 30% on the nine months’ revenue which 
has definitely added a profitability of about 29% in terms of EBITDA and 42% in terms of the 
PAT over last year.  
Now with these recent orders basically that’s what I have been talking about in earlier 
presentation we had said that we were looking for few more orders. and now we are at the 
point where we have already got the Rs. 439 crore of orders and still we are working on Rs. 300 
crore plus more. Markolines is basically a management operated company and we are working 
on looking at building a Rs. 1000 crores of order pipeline in very short time. We are also looking 
at a very high growth. I had already said that we have been growing at a CAGR of about 25% in 
terms of overall growth and with this, the recent orders, we are expecting about 40% to 50% 
growth in the upcoming financial year which will really put us into the bigger transition.  
Apart from that, we are about to complete our two major tunnel projects one out of that will 
be completed this year which will also give us the credentials and credibility, wherein we could 
also bid on our own directly to the NHAI for the larger projects and this will definitely give us a 
more visibility and larger project size. And as I had said in my earlier communication that we as 
Markolines are looking at the Rs. 1000 crores of revenue in coming three years. That is what is 
our plan as of now and God willing, with the kind of network we have, our credibility, my team's 
performance, we are definitely sure that we should be reaching there soon.  
Now on the financials, as I said that on revenue, we have been growing at 18% CAGR and 
EBITDA we have been growing at 25% CAGR and PAT growth if I look at is 31%. Now technically 
if I had to say, as I have said earlier also that this is a volume game. Though there is not any 
rocket science, but definitely there are entry barriers because of the credentials and credibility 
which is needed by virtue of experience and that is what is putting us as leadership. As of today, 
if you look at the shareholding pattern, we hold about 55% of the shareholding. Now this is all 
about in nutshell about the Markolines. Now I would request Yashashri to open up the things 
for if you have any specific questions. All this data whatever I have said has already been 
uploaded on our network on the BSE as well as our website. So, in case you need any 
information you can always extract it from there or you can always feel free to call us back and 
communicate to us. So, Yashashri, you can open up the forum for the question and answer we 
can take up the question and answers one by one. 
Moderator: 
Certainly sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. To ask 
a question, please use the ‘raise hand’ option available on the toolbar or click on the Q&A tab 
on the panel and click on ‘raise hand’ button. The operator will announce your name when it 
is your turn to ask a question. Please accept the prompt on your screen, unmute your 
microphone while proceeding with your question. You may post your text questions as well. 

 
Page 5 of 14 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles, we have 
a question from Rajendra Saboo from Supreme Industries Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rajendra Saboo: 
Sir actually last year we did a sales of about Rs. 300 crores for the full year. And in the last 
quarter we did about Rs. 115 crores. So, this year for the nine months we did about Rs. 230 
crores. What is the projected sales which you expect for the year ended March 31, 2026, and 
the margins sir? Whether my question were complete or not madam? 
Moderator: 
Yes, I could hear you. Vijay sir. Vijay sir I think you are on mute. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Yes, please repeat your question. 
Rajendra Saboo: 
I will repeat the question sir. My questions are, for the nine months December 31, 2025 we 
achieved a top line of Rs. 230 crores and for the for the last full year we achieved a turnover of 
Rs. 300 crores and for the last three months, that is January 01, 2025 to March 31, 2025 that is 
for the three months we achieved a sales of about Rs. 115 crores. So, my question is sir, see 
against a Rs. 300 crores turnover for the last year March 31, 2025, against which we already 
achieved Rs. 231 crores what is the total sales which we expect for the full year and what are 
the margins we expect? And basically, on the margin side also, we already achieved a profit 
before tax of Rs. 19.85 crores and for the full year it was Rs. 29.86 crores, it means for the last 
three months of the last year the last quarter, we achieved a profit of about Rs. 9 crores. So, 
for the full year, what profits we expect basically to get a feel actually how the company 
performance is happening. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Yes, definitely. So, as I have been always saying since this infrastructure highway maintenance 
business is cyclic in nature and generally our sales in  monsoons are low, our sales really pick 
up in Q3s and in Q4 by and large we do about 30% to 40% of our entire business, probably at 
times more also in last only one quarter and definitely we are expecting the same this year and 
we will be able to maintain a very good growth. we are looking at a target of about Rs. 375 
crores to Rs. 400 crores this year. 
Rajendra Saboo: 
And sir on the margin side? 
Vijay Oswal: 
Margin side, I have always been saying that our business being the competitive and since there 
is no rocket science. Subject to that, so it is a volume game. That is why we say our margins will 
remain always same. As I have been always saying we work very transparently, with the clients. 
Since we majorly operate with private players, wherein we work very transparently.  practically 
on a  cost plus basis because of that our margins are pretty steady. We can increase our margins 
or profitability only by volume, then that is what we have been doing. And as I said this year 
we are looking at really good 30 % plus growth over last year and with these orders, in the 
upcoming year as I said we are looking at least 40% to 50% growth over this year, for the next 
year. 

 
Page 6 of 14 
Rajendra Saboo: 
So, it means that before the monsoon that is there is April, May, June that will be the peakest 
quarter in this year? 
Vijay Oswal: 
No sir what happens is, I will tell you,  we don’t get to work till June, generally it is only April 
and May. Because in various sectors the monsoon start reaching early and with the current 
scenarios, global warming and unpredicted things that is how we complete our work whatever 
best we can do in April and May. But then from June to September our business halts or reduces 
because of the monsoon. So, that is how the Q4 becomes a very large for us. 
Rajendra Saboo: 
Okay and sir like you told that Q4 constitutes about 30% to 40% of the full year turnover, then 
Q1 what we expect, how much percentage of the total year turnover?  
Vijay Oswal: 
So, Q1 would be approximately 20%.  
Rajendra Saboo: 
20% okay and Q2 will be very less right? 
Vijay Oswal: 
So, in Q1 and Q2, now what happens sir is that with the experience we have also learned 
various things and  the dynamics are really different. Let us say, if I get a good project in a rain 
shadow area then I am able to work in Q2 also. Last year we had a BMC work for the monsoon 
maintenance only, so we could do some more work also. So, particularly Q2 is dynamic.  Now 
we are trying to learn and try to achieve, at least minimum working there also but generally Q2 
will be less. 
Rajendra Saboo: 
Right. And secondly sir, in fact on that merger matter which has been effective date has been 
made as January 01, 2026, considering like how you are advised like when the merger process 
can get complete? 
Vijay Oswal: 
Sir what happened is actually we had filed it before also but because of some technical reasons, 
they had asked us to resubmit and for the resubmission obviously we had to update everything 
with respect to the financials closure up to December. So, we have now resubmitted the things, 
in next 10-15 days the entire proposal schemes with detailed documents will be also submitted 
to this thing and we are expecting that now this time it should go through in about 6 to 9 
months maximum. 
Rajendra Saboo: 
6 to 9 months. And thirdly sir I think these are the main questions which are asked and I would 
request other participants if they can proceed if any further questions are there I will join in 
the queue. Thank you.  
Vijay Oswal: 
Okay fine. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take one text question from Nikhil Mistry. Can you give me the marquee 
client's name? 

 
Page 7 of 14 
Vijay Oswal: 
Sorry? 
Moderator: 
The question is can you give me the marquee client's name? 
Vijay Oswal: 
Yes sir. So, just to tell you that as I said our business is divided into two parts. Generally we 
majorly work with the private asset owners. Private assets are owned by various funds. So, 
these are our clients like Cube Highways. 
Now when I say Cube Highways, Cube Highways is the highway arm for the E-Square Capital. 
Which is a pension fund and owns the highest number of projects in India. So, now if I have to 
talk about  Cube Highways, they own about 28 to 30 projects and we keep working with them 
for various projects and similar is the case like we work with Interise, Next, Tatas, Roadies,  
Vertis, Safeway, L&T. And as far as government is concerned, we have worked with NHAI, then 
we also work with some of the corporations like BMC or Pune Municipal Corporation, Mumbai 
Municipal Corporation. Mumbai where we are headquarters, so we do a lot of work in Mumbai 
with respect to the Western and Eastern express highway we have worked on last year. We are 
also working on one more project, few more works with them and various PWDs. So, these are 
our client lists and they are available for your reference on the presentation that we have 
already uploaded on the network online. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have one question from Sandeep Bhandari from Family office. Mr. Bhandari 
please go ahead.  
Sandeep Bhandari: 
Sir just one question from understanding a business point of view from five year, three to five-
year point of view. How should we look at our business because my understanding 
maintenance is more of an annuity kind of business, some asset of, will keep on coming and 
we will keep on getting that business. And who do we compete with and stickiness of the 
business or because you said business cyclical, it could be cyclical from short term point of view 
is it cyclical from…. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Otherwise I can answer whatever he has asked. I think we lost him halfway through but going 
forward what we look at is, though in infrastructure the credentials and credibility definitely 
matters. So, though the competition is there but also with the private owners what matters 
more is the quality,  kind of association that we have and the transparency we work with them. 
Secondly what happens is, Markolines is just not a contractor wherein we just build and put in 
the bids for their enquiries. At times we go and suggest them the comprehensive tailor-made 
solutions which could be cost economical, or the alternate type of maintenances wherein it 
would have a better performance, longer life and lesser cost and as well as the environmental 
friendly. So, this is what gives us an advantage over competition. As regards to competition 
now as I have already said, we are the only company providing the complete array of services. 
Whatever the kind of, in fact as I said we have also introduced few technologies which were 

 
Page 8 of 14 
new in India for the first time, like we did micro surfacing with fibres for the first time. We 
introduced CIPR, FDR we are doing a lot of things. So, this is what puts us different from the 
competition. 
Then as regards to competitors this, I am not saying that there are no competitors but the 
competitions come product wise and generally the packages or the maintenances are taken 
out in a bundled manner. So, we have different competitors in various sectors such as micro 
surfacing there are few players, then the MMR there would be players but what happens is, 
these private international funds, they need basically a reliable person who can work for them, 
as well as will also comply and follow complete statutory compliances, do the work in a 
standardized manner, achieve the timelines as per their expectations keeping up the 
performance. So, that is what keeps us ahead. 
Moderator: 
Yes, we will take a text question from Nikhil Mistry, an individual investor.  What is the current 
execution run rate of projects? How much order inflow do you expect in FY 2027? 
Vijay Oswal: 
Okay, now though we do not calculate this type of ratio or run rate but to just give you what 
happens is, our projects, you know, are generally smaller in the timeline because they are 
maintenance type of work which come once in a five to seven years for a particular stretch of 
road. So, as of today, if I have to talk to you, today we have an unexecuted order book of Rs. 
695 crores out of which Rs. 413 crores is the new order that is coming. Now out of this Rs. 695 
crores odd of orders, approximately we are planning to do about Rs. 500 crores of work will be 
done in the next financial year, let us say. But now what happens is, the roads will keep on 
coming for the maintenances and new orders keep coming and we keep consuming those 
orders. They are consumptive type. As I said we work on a particular stretch, once the 
maintenance is done, it will come for maintenance again only after five years, but we have a 
huge road network and new work keep coming in. 
As far as your question is, that what are the orders that we are expecting in FY 2026-2027, as I 
have always said that we have always been working on a very strong order book that is how it 
gives a clear line of sight for the next year and by and large till now we have been able to 
maintain at least 150% of our last year's turnover as an unexecuted order book by and large. 
And we definitely intend to maintain so. So that  you can see, by and large at any given point 
of time we would have a Rs. 300 crores to Rs. 600 crores of unexecuted order book and another 
Rs. 300 crores to Rs. 500 crores as in pipeline. And with that only and the kind of growth that 
is happening all around in terms of infrastructure. We are also looking at allied infrastructures 
wherein we can leverage our skillset. We are looking at a very good growth in coming three 
years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next text question is from Yash Nisar, an individual investor. What is the average 
project completion cycle for your road projects? 

 
Page 9 of 14 
Vijay Oswal: 
Okay, so typically the project cycle would vary from, for the smaller standalone orders like 
micro surfacing it could be maybe three months to six months. But by and large our major 
maintenance site will be from six months to 15 months, averaging nine months but considering 
monsoon it goes up to nine to 12 months. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Nilesh Deshpande, an individual investor. The question is, 
what is your strategy for geographical expansion across states? How do you see the Indian road 
infrastructure sector growing over the next five years? What are the key risks that could impact 
growth? 
Vijay Oswal: 
Okay, so basically if we look at, we are practically working Pan India. The maintenance as I said, 
since for a particular road, maintenance keep coming only once in a five year so we keep 
shifting our bases once we complete the project, from one place to another. Now as far as our 
footprint is concerned, if you see we are in the mainstream. You can see our presence in this 
North, South and Central India including the West side, but Northeast, the developments are 
happening now. So, we will subsequently, as the road network is established they will come for 
maintenances we will also grow in that area. What was the second part of the question? 
Moderator: 
How do you see the Indian road infrastructure sector growing over the next five years? What 
are the key risks that could impact growth? 
Vijay Oswal: 
Okay, so Indian roads as I already mentioned, India has the second largest road network 
comprising of what 6 million kilometers. Now out of that, the national highway since we 
majorly work on national highway,  National highway comprises about 1,30,000 kilometers to 
1,40,000 kilometers and we are currently adding 34 kilometers per day in terms of this road. 
So, that is what is being added every year.  
Now as far as risks are concerned, so risk would be generally if I to calculate the major would 
be, one is the cost. Now raw material cost for which we generally have the escalation clauses 
inbuilt into the, what do you say, the work order itself so that we do not bear the differential 
cost in such case. Now currently if you have seen we are in the global war situation where the 
crude prices have gone up. Crude prices going up would always have an impact directly onto 
the fuel cost as well as the bitumen cost. But all our contracts, major contracts we have the 
escalation clauses wherein the rates are calculated on a base price and the variables are taken 
every 15 days where the refineries publish their revised rates and we get the incremental price. 
Then secondly, also at the same time we look at the selective bidding we do not go into any 
competitive zone unless we are comfortable and we are sure of margins. We, you know, we 
control our risk there in terms of going low on profitability. Thirdly is the efficient procurement 
and the management. The working and completing the project as per timeline given in the 
same timeline that is what gives us the optimal usage of machinery and manpower. So, these 
are the risks what are ther, and this is how we try to mitigate them. Yeah. 

 
Page 10 of 14 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Yash Nisar an individual investor. How do you see working capital 
requirements evolving in the road EPC business? 
Vijay Oswal: 
Okay so technically though we do every function that an EPC contractor would do, still we are 
not an EPC. We restrict ourselves only to the specialized maintenances and specialized 
construction and the major maintenances. On working capital definitely it is in proportion with 
the work order or the unexecuted order book because the project being the short cycle, let us 
say six months to nine months average if I have to average it on everything and considering the 
project cycle or the payment cycle we generally require, working capital, It is always required 
in tune and proportion to the work orders in hand. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to the participants to ask a question please use the raise hand option 
available on your toolbar or you may post your text questions. As there are no further 
questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr Vijay Oswal, Founder and Chief 
Financial Officer for closing comments, over to you sir. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Yeah so thank you guys for listening to me. In case you, as I have already said you have any 
query,write to us. As Markolines, let me tell you one thing that looking at the Indian 
infrastructure on a growth path, we are also very hopeful and bullish about this growth factor 
and we being standing there in the market on the basis of credentials and the credibility what 
we have earned over the last 23 years and particularly with the innovation and technological 
approach to the market, we feel very confident and for giving the performance. We have 
always been working and given whatever performance we have always said or promised. Okay. 
So, now coming forward, as I have already said to sum up, with these new orders we really see 
a good growth in upcoming year and also now looking at the other infrastructures where we 
are looking at the, what do you say, leveraging ours skills in this thing, that is also another set 
of business that we are looking at. Secondly, now we are at a point where we ourselves, as I 
said that we keep building our credentials so now we ourselves can bid for the larger orders 
directly with the government also. So, from this year we are planning that we would also opt 
for the direct bidding with NHAI and this will also give us better margins, longer visibility, 
stronger visibility and good performance on the road. So, this is what has been our always, we 
have always worked in the interest of the company because we always considered Markolines. 
At Markolines, we always consider this is a management run company and not though we are 
the founders and promoters of the company, but we have always operated as the management 
company. We aspire definitely to be a very large scale and we really saw that we would also 
grow you know multiple thousand crores company whenever it is possible like a big company 
like L&T and so. So, we have always worked in the interest of company and when I say company, 
I consider every stakeholder right from the employees, my vendors and definitely all the 
investors. My commitment and promise to investors on behalf of company is that, we will 
always work in the interest of company and keep putting our best so that we could have the 
best performance in terms of business and this will definitely show in the market. Though we 
do not control the market but for us what is important is, we are really have our integrity to 

 
Page 11 of 14 
our business and I am really thankful to all my investors who have invested in us, believed in 
us and thank you very much for all of that. In case you have any query, question, concern, you 
can always contact us given on our website or through our IR/PR agency and we shall be happy 
to answer all your queries. As I said, we work in a transparent manner and I hope to see you 
soon probably after the year. 
Moderator: 
I am sorry to interrupt sir, Vijay sir we have three participants in the queue, should I go ahead 
and take their questions? 
Vijay Oswal: 
Yeah why not. 
Moderator: 
Sure we have a question from Rajendra Saboo from the Supreme Industries Limited. Mr. Saboo 
please go ahead with your question please. 
Rajendra Saboo: 
I just want to inform yourself, because like we are having this conference and it is obviously 
limited to some persons only who are participating in the conference. What I request you, for 
the overall dissemination of this information in a very objective and critical manner, if suppose 
the synopsis, only synopsis I am talking. Synopsis of the main points which have been stated in 
this conference, I am not asking for the transcript I am just asking for the synopsis of the main 
points, if suppose that can be jotted down points and it can be released to the stock exchanges, 
what will it will add substantial value because see my point is, suppose someone has not heard 
they can see it and like obviously since you are in the conference, the things are on a committed 
scale also it will have a wider dissemination of the information. Only thing is, one has to prepare 
a main synopsis points that is all, if suppose that is possible I would request you for that. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Definitely sir, your suggestion is well taken and we will try and do that. Ujjwal and Yashashri 
keep this in mind, we will prepare the synopsis and we will also try and publish the synopsis 
along with the transcript. 
Rajendra Saboo: 
On the release to the stock exchange as early as possible.  
Vijay Oswal: 
Yes sir definitely.  
Rajendra Saboo: 
Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Arvind Deshpande from the North Star advisory. Please go 
ahead Mr. Arvind Deshpande please unmute your microphone. 
Arvind Deshpande: 
Yeah Mr. Vijay Oswal, it is a question that what do you see and where you are standing after 
three years your order book. Can you just give me the guidance for next three years, how do 
you stand as a company for the total turnover for 2026-2027, 2027-2028, 2028-2029. 

 
Page 12 of 14 
Vijay Oswal: 
So, technically though I should not be giving you the direct numbers but sir we have seen that 
we should be growing.  in this particular upcoming year we are looking at 40% to 50% growth 
over this current year and as I have already said that in three years’ time, we would, we are 
looking at how we can achieve the Rs. 1000 crores revenue is the target that we have taken for 
ourselves. In next maximum three to four years, we should be there. 
Arvind Deshpande: 
So, Rs. 1000 crores will be achievable in next year itself because you are already having a Rs. 
650 crores to Rs. 660 crores market orders. 
Vijay Oswal: 
So, out of these few orders, they will be split over probably two years. The longer orders, the 
particularly specialized maintenance contracts, they also spread over the years. That is how 
and definitely, if there are few work orders we are working on, if they come in as our planning, 
we will definitely try and achieve the more and more revenues. 
Arvind Deshpande: 
You are in a discussion with all that orders, what do you think that whether it can touch Rs. 
1000 crores in next coming two years? 
Vijay Oswal: 
Yeah definitely as I said, Rs. 1000 crores seems to be possible in next three years. 
Arvind Deshpande: 
Yeah that is the thing which I am asking you and a question is that, you have filed an 
amalgamation with Markolines Infra at a higher valuation, can you just explain me what about 
that? What will be the projection for that Markolines Infra for this current year and next year? 
Vijay Oswal: 
So, Markolines Infra we have already submitted this thing and in another 10 days we will be 
filing the detail. See what happens is the, for Markolines Infra valuation is based on the DCF by 
SEBI approved values and secondly, particularly for the listed entity it is governed by the market 
pricing and based on that the ratio is calculated. It is not me or at the, what we say, the wish 
of the management it does not happen, it is weighted and approved by a panel of consultants, 
the SEBI approved valuers and based on that these ratios have been calculated. And in another 
8-10 days we shall be filing all the details because we have just announced it on 4th we have, 
we get about 15 days for the detailed submission and it will be uploaded on the website as well 
as the BSE website. 
Arvind Deshpande: 
Correct, so can you just give me a certain 40% to 50% growth in your revenue, so the same will 
be in the bottom line also. So, the projection which you can give me is, 40% to 50% for coming 
next three years.  
Vijay Oswal: 
Okay. 
Arvind Deshpande: 
Sir just now you told me that we are looking out for a 40% to 50% growth every year in the top 
line. 
Vijay Oswal: 
In the upcoming year I said.  

 
Page 13 of 14 
Arvind Deshpande: 
So, it is upcoming means, that is three years now sir. 
Vijay Oswal: 
No the next year because today I have the orders in my hand. 
Arvind Deshpande: 
Correct, so whatever the orders you are having, if you just add on, already you have announced 
it for the financial year 2026-2027 also which a certain Rs. 200 crores to Rs. 250 crores order 
to be completed in the financial year 2026-2027 and one of the orders of that school will be 
completed in coming two years. Correct? 
Vijay Oswal: 
Yeah. 
Arvind Deshpande: 
Whatever you have given the announcement on there exchange, that only I am reading it out 
sir. So, if I just calculate that itself, which is giving a 50% growth in the financial year 2026-2027. 
In general, last year that revenue total for the financial year 2024-2025 was Rs. 300 crores plus 
and already this financial year 2025-2026 will be roundabout Rs. 400 crores. So, 2026-2027 if 
you touch on for 50%, so it will reach about to Rs. 650 crores or Rs. 670 crores which already 
you have announced it.  
Vijay Oswal: 
Rs. 500 crores to Rs. 600 crores we said, okay go ahead then. 
Arvind Deshpande: 
Correct so Rs. 600 crores, so next year also I think so you must be in a talks with some good 
orders and all, the whole year is there with you sir 2026-2027. Sir tender pipeline it might be. 
The tender pipeline might be approximately, whatever the amount may be. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Okay. Sir, I do not understand your question. This is correct, this is what I have already said that 
we keep working on the work orders.  
Arvind Deshpande: 
Yes. Sir it is simply some deductive logic. You have a tender pipeline of at least Rs. 10,000 crores 
to Rs. 15,000 crores and you have a winning ratio of let us say 10% or 20%, and you are a unique 
company in the country, Pan India presence in repairs and maintenance. So, it is important that 
we assume every year you will have a Rs. 650 crores to Rs. 1,000 crores of order winning and 
based on that 40% to 50% growth is not a difficulty at all for Markolines, as a lay investor I am 
asking you. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Yes, so that I have always said that we keep working totally in terms of orders. This is, I think 
you were not there earlier where this is what I had explained; how we win the orders, what 
kind of order book we have and how we are intending to progress. As of today sir, just to refresh 
you as of today we have about Rs. 695 crores of unexecuted order book, out of which 
something will be consumed by March, then balance will be consumed in upcoming years. We 
are also as I said, we are also working on about at least Rs. 300 crores of pipeline. We are hoping 
for some more good orders to come in, that is how we are saying that in the upcoming year we 

 
Page 14 of 14 
will have about 40% to 50% upside and in the subsequent year we will also try to maintain the 
same CAGR what we have been maintaining up till now. 
Arvind Deshpande: 
Sir I perfectly agree you are going to maintain the CAGR, but given the position of your company 
the uniqueness you have to double the CAGR sir, that is our interest. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Definitely sir. Like I said, our interest will be to try and increase our CAGR because for that, if 
you have heard my presentation earlier,  so there is a category of specialized construction that 
we are working on, which will also give us the large size of volumes. I have already said, that 
now with my two tunnels experience we are also looking at few tunnel inquiries more. This will 
give me, of course it will be long term but I will be able to now bid directly on my own because 
my eligibility is now Rs, 500 crores on my own, for a single tender. 
Arvind Deshpande: 
Yes, so the whole sum is confident of crossing a Rs. 1,000 crores turnover there should be no 
issue. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Yes sir, as I have already said we are very confident and we will do our best in that to achieve 
that. Rest assured. 
Arvind Deshpande: 
Thank you sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. Thank you 
Vijay sir. On behalf of Markolines Pavement Technologies Limited that concludes today's 
session. Thank you for your participation. You may now click on the exit meeting to disconnect. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Thank you very much guys. Thanks a lot. See you again. 
