Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Regd. Office: #53/1-4, Hosur Main Road, Madivala, 
Bengaluru-560068, Karnataka, India  
CIN of the Co. L72900KA2011PLC057931 
P: +91 80 6196 0300, F: +91 80 6196 0700 
Website: www.happiestminds.com 
Email: investors@happiestminds.com
February 13, 2026 
  Listing Compliance & Legal Regulatory 
  BSE Limited 
  Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
  Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
  Stock Code: 543227, 974820 & 975101 
Listing & Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
Stock Code: HAPPSTMNDS 
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on February 10, 2026 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call held 
on February 10, 2026, post announcement of financial results of the Company for the quarter and nine 
months ended as on December 31, 2025. The transcript is also uploaded on the Company’s website 
(https://www.happiestminds.com/investors). 
This is for your information and records. 
 Thanking you, 
   Yours faithfully, 
   For Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Praveen Kumar Darshankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F6706 
DARSHANKAR 
PRAVEEN 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
DARSHANKAR PRAVEEN 
KUMAR 
Date: 2026.02.13 18:21:26 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 28 
 
 
 
“Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 10, 2026 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Ashok Soota – Chairman & Chief Mentor  
 
Mr. Joseph Anantharaju – Co-Chairman & Chief Executive Officer  
 
Mr. Venkatraman Narayanan – Managing Director 
Mr. Ram Mohan – Chief Executive Officer, Infrastructure 
Management and Securities Services (IMSS) 
Mr. Sridhar Mantha – Chief Executive Officer, Generative Ai Business 
Services (GBS)  
Mr. Anand Balakrishnan – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Praveen Kumar Darshankar – Company Secretary & Compliance 
Officer 
 
Ms. Priyanka Sharma – Head of Investor Relations 
 
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Sushovon Nayak –  Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited  
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to the Happiest 
Minds Technologies Limited Q3 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call hosted 
by Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will be 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 28 
 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal the operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Sushovon Nayak from 
Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited for opening remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you. 
Sushovon Nayak: 
Thanks, Ryan. Hi, good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for 
joining us today on the Q3 FY’26 earnings call of Happiest Minds 
Technologies Limited. On behalf of Anand Rathi, I would like to thank 
the management of Happiest Minds for giving us the opportunity to 
host this call. 
 
Today we have with us Mr. Ashok Soota, Chairman and Chief Mentor; 
Mr. Joseph Anantharaju, Co-Chairman and CEO; Mr. Venkatraman 
Narayanan, Managing Director; Mr. Ram Mohan, CEO Infrastructure 
Management and Security Services; Mr. Sridhar Mantha, CEO 
Generative AI Business Services; Mr. Praveen Darshankar, Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer; Mr. Anand Balakrishnan, CFO; and 
Ms. Priyanka Sharma:, Head of Investor Relations. 
 
I will now hand it over to Priyanka Sharma: for the Safe Harbor 
statement and to take the proceedings forward. Thank you and over to 
you, Priyanka. 
Priyanka Sharma: 
Thank you, Sushovon. Good morning to all the participants on the call. 
Welcome to this conference call to discuss the financial results for the 
third quarter ended December 31, 2025. I am Priyanka Sharma, Head 
of Investor Relations. We hope you have had an opportunity to review 
the earnings release we issued yesterday evening. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 28 
 
 
Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Ashok will begin by 
sharing his perspective on the business environment and our results. 
Joseph and Venkat will then discuss our financial performance and 
operational highlights. Following that, we will open the floor for 
questions. 
 
Before we begin, let me read the Safe Harbor statement. During this 
call, we may make forward-looking statements. These statements 
reflect the environment we see as of today and involve risks and 
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. We do 
not undertake to update these statements periodically. 
 
With that, let me now hand it over to Mr. Ashok Soota. 
Ashok Soota: 
Thank you, Priyanka and good morning, everyone, and thank you for 
joining us. When we spoke last quarter, we had highlighted that our 10 
strategic transformations were beginning to deliver visible and 
measurable results. And before I get into all of that, I want to take 
cognizance of a recent announcement on AI, which has created 
turbulence in global markets for software companies. I want to assert 
that this development is an opportunity and not a threat for Happiest 
Minds, and we believe also for other IT services companies and in many 
ways, this reinforces the strategic choices we have been making. In Q3, 
we have taken the next step forward in our strategic journey by 
launching AI First, Agile Always as our 11th strategic transformation. 
This is a structural shift on how Happiest Minds builds, delivers and 
scales value in an AI-driven world. This transformation is itself 
supported by 11 strategic programs. While the foundations, talent, 
platforms, and governance, were built over the last several quarters, 
the outcomes are now becoming visible in customer engagement and 
execution. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 28 
 
 
Before I speak about the environment, let me briefly touch upon the 
performance in Q3. We have had a 2.4% Q-over-Q growth and 10.7% 
year-over-year. And for the 9 months, growth stood at 10.2%. This 
reflects steady execution. Even as we continue to invest heavily in our 
AI capabilities and reinforce our confidence in the 4-year, 10-plus 
percent revenue growth commitment we outlined last quarter. 
 
A key enabler of our AI First strategy is really our AI Services Delivery 
Platform, which has already been used by customers to move initiatives 
from pilots to production. We plan to take this platform to multiple 
customers so that this will help them reduce their own time to market. 
Across the organization, we are seeing growing demand for AI 
embedded into workflows, intelligent agents and governance 
platforms that enterprises can deploy with confidence. We now have 
32 GenAI and Agentic AI use cases that have moved from prototype, 
with several scaling into production. 
 
To summarize, AI First is already influencing how customers engage 
with us and how we deliver. It builds naturally on the earlier 
transformations we have undertaken and positions Happiest Minds 
very well for the next phase of growth. An inevitable question that 
arises from the above is: what is the difference this is going to make to 
the growth of Happiest Minds? When we announce our Q4 results, we 
will give you these numbers. It's too early for us to do that now. And 
we expect to show significant increase in the guidance we have been 
giving over and above the 10% growth we have committed for 4 years. 
 
With that, I will hand it over to Joseph to talk about the business 
environment, customer traction and outlook. 
Joseph Anantharaju: Thank you, Ashok. Good morning, everyone. In Q3, we saw customer 
conversations becoming more decisive. Enterprises are moving beyond 
experimentation and are increasingly focused on embedding AI into 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 28 
 
core workflows and platforms where the business impact is clear and 
scalable. This shift is reflected in our Q3 and 9-month performance, 
with constant currency revenue growth and EBITDA margins remaining 
within our guided range. 
 
The demand environment remains selective but increasingly 
intentional as they prioritize initiatives where the business case is well-
defined. Automation of workflows using GenAI and Agentic AI, AI-led 
productivity and modernization of core platforms are seeing traction as 
enterprises focus on measurable outcomes and faster time to value. 
 
As a result, AI is no longer an add-on in customer conversations. 
Increasingly, discussions are centered on how AI can be embedded into 
core workflows and platforms, governed effectively and scaled across 
the enterprise. This is where our AI First positioning is making a tangible 
difference. 
 
An important dimension of this shift is how customers are approaching 
modernization and productivity at scale. Many are now looking to apply 
AI to core applications and platforms that were traditionally difficult to 
modernize due to complexity, legacy dependencies and execution risk. 
In this context, our agentic AI approach, which combines coding agents 
with human developers in a hybrid delivery model, is resonating well. 
 
This enables customers to address technology debt in a more cost-
efficient manner and lower risk manner by delivering high productivity 
improvements. We are seeing interest in this approach not only from 
enterprises but also from private equity firms and their portfolio 
companies. 
 
During the quarter, we saw several AI-led wins that reflect this shift, 
including GenAI-driven vendor compliance and automation for a global 
FMCG client, an enterprise-wide roadmap and reference architecture 
for a U.S. insurance provider, AI-powered sales and quote management 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 28 
 
solutions for premium retailers in Australia and NZ, AI-led cloud 
optimization for a U.S. healthcare BPO and digital and AI-driven 
transformation initiatives for leading academic institutions in Asia and 
India. 
 
A common theme across these engagements is scale and repeatability. 
These are not proof of concepts; they are designed as platform-led or 
reusable solutions that can be deployed across multiple customers with 
similar requirements. 
 
Let me touch briefly upon how this is reflecting in our BUs. PDES 
continues to be our largest business, anchored around product 
engineering and platform modernization, with AI increasingly 
embedded into core engagements. IMSS continues to benefit from 
demand for AI-enabled infrastructure management, cloud optimization 
and automation-led efficiency initiatives. GBS and AI services saw 
strong momentum, with revenues growing close to 50% quarter-over-
quarter as customers move decisively from pilots to production 
deployments. 
 
From a geographic standpoint, the U.S. remains our largest market with 
continued traction across other geographies. From a vertical 
perspective, BFSI and Healthcare led growth this quarter, with 
Industrial showing a modest uptick while the rest of the portfolio 
remained broadly stable. Recent deal wins and the pipeline, which 
showed a big jump during the quarter, provide greater visibility and 
portent well for the upcoming quarters. 
 
At an industry level, Q3 saw resilient but selective growth, with digital 
and AI-led programs holding up better than discretionary spend across 
the IT services sector. Looking ahead, while the environment is likely to 
remain selective, our focus remains clear: AI-led growth, deeper client 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 28 
 
engagement and disciplined execution. The AI First approach positions 
Happiest Minds well as customer priorities continue to evolve. 
 
With that, I'll hand it over to Venkat to walk you through the financial 
and operational performance. 
Venkatraman N:  
Good morning, everybody. This is Venkat. Thank you, Joseph. Good 
morning, everyone. I'll take you through the financial and operational 
performance for the quarter that just ended, followed by a brief update 
on our 9-month performance as well. 
 
For the quarter, revenue stood at $65.7 million, showing a growth 
sequentially and year-over-year in constant currency of 1.2% and 7.1% 
respectively. In rupees, revenues were INR588 crores, up 2.4% 
sequentially and 10.7% on a year-over-year basis. Total income for the 
quarter stood at INR604 crores, growing at 1.4% Q-on-Q and about 
8.9% Y-o-Y. EBITDA was INR123 crores, translating to a margin 
percentage of 20.4%, compared to the 20.2% in Q2. And this range of 
20.4% to 20.2% is well within our guided range of 20% to 22%. 
 
Operating margin for the quarter improved to 17.4%, that's 40 basis 
points sequentially, from 17%. Our utilization for the quarter was 82%, 
and the highest in recent times. Margin expansion was thanks to the 
favorable foreign currency and improved profitability in the GBS 
segment. These gains -- despite fewer working days in the quarter and 
a forex loss of INR6.2 crores. 
 
Profit before tax for Q3 stood at INR54.2 crores, while profit after tax 
was INR40.3 crores. This number takes into account the one-time 
impact of the new wage code -- leading which is resulting in a one-time 
charge of INR22.3 crores. So if you want to look at our numbers, 
adjusted PAT, which is PAT adjusted for the noncash acquisition costs 
and exceptional items, which includes the charge for the new wage 
code was at 11.6% compared to the 11% in the previous quarter. So a 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 28 
 
real depiction of our numbers is essentially the adjusted PAT, which is 
what I'm drawing your attention to. 
 
Overall margin improvement underscores sustained operating 
efficiencies and disciplined cost management that we follow. For the 9 
months ended 31st December 2025, revenues was $195.2 million, 
showing a year-over-year growth of 10.2%. We are keeping to our 
double-digit growth percentage of 10.2% in dollar terms. 
 
In rupee terms, revenues were INR1,711 crores, up 12.8% year-over-
year. EBITDA for the 9-month period stood at INR367 crores with a 
margin of 20.6%. Profit before tax was INR204 crores and profit after 
tax was INR152 crores, both impacted slightly by the one-time wage 
code cost that I talked about earlier. 
 
However, adjusted PAT, which is again, PAT adjusted for the noncash 
cost coming from acquisitions and the one-time wage code impact for 
the 9-month period stood at INR208 crores compared to INR195 crores 
in the previous year. 
 
Operationally, as highlighted, utilization improved to 82% in Q3, 
reflecting better deployment and improved execution discipline and 
the scaling of our AI-led engagements. Attrition on a trailing 12-month 
basis stood at 17.4% and largely stable. DSO increased to 92 days from 
87 in the previous quarter, and we remain focused on collections and 
billing discipline. The idea is to bring that back down to the 85-day 
number, and that's where we'll be focusing our efforts on. 
 
Headcount at the end of the quarter stood at 6,548 employees, 
supported by a strong offshore delivery model. Our return ratios 
remain healthy with ROCE at 22% and ROE at 12%. Looking ahead, our 
priorities remain unchanged: delivering 10-plus percentage on revenue 
growth in constant currency and maintaining EBITDA margins in the 20 
to 22% range. This is for the current financial year. Aligned to our AI 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 28 
 
First strategy, we plan to grow our AI/GenAI team to a 1,000 Happiest 
Minds by the end of FY'27 while maintaining financial discipline in the 
process. 
 
With that, I will hand it over to Sridhar to conclude and share more 
details on our AI First approach. 
Sridhar Mantha: 
Thank you, Venkat. Very good morning, everyone. Q3 represents a very 
important inflection point for our Generative AI business services and 
AI. As industry is gaining more confidence about the use cases and how 
to derive ROI leveraging Generative AI and subsequently agentic AI, 
more and more use cases are moving beyond prototypes into 
production-grade deployments. With many of them scaling across 
multiple customers and verticals, creating repeatability and operating 
leverage. 
 
Also, we are working on and delivering multiple end-to-end digital 
solutions, and these are primarily driven by the AI features that are on 
the top of the digital platforms and the digital infrastructure. Our AI 
Services Delivery Platform has been central to this progress, enabling 
faster movement from concept to production while improving delivery 
productivity and governance. 
 
Following a successful healthcare solution deployment, the platform is 
now being scaled across industries. The platform covers frameworks, 
tools and agents that cover entire spectrum of our service delivery, 
including agentic software development, modernization and tech debt 
reduction, 
data 
engineering, 
cyber 
security, 
infrastructure 
management, etc., leveraging AI, and also this platform helps in 
implementing agentic AI solutions faster. 
 
We are delivering AI assistants embedded into workflows, domain-
specific copilots, AI-native modernization of legacy systems and AI-
powered operations across IT, sales and support. Importantly, GBS 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 28 
 
turned profitable this quarter, reflecting improved execution discipline. 
Our focus going forward is very clear: scale responsibly, deepen reuse 
and ensure AI delivers measurable business outcomes for our 
customers. 
 
That concludes the management commentary. We will now be happy 
to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
We take the first question from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan 
Stanley. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
My first question is on the Generative AI deals and services that you 
talked about. Just want to understand, from an enterprise context, are 
these completely new areas of spend? Or are these the same spend 
they would have done in a different manner, but because of new 
technology, they are kind of redirecting and repivoting and doing it in 
a different manner? So, is it a net new? Is it just a repivot of something 
they would have done earlier? 
 
My second question is on what are the various engagement models 
that you have on some of these repeatable platforms that you talked 
about. Are these more like a license-based solutions that you are 
selling? Are these fixed price projects? Are these based on certain 
outcomes that the client is achieving and based on that outcome you 
are going to get paid? Or is it still plain vanilla effort-based projects? 
 
Thank you. 
Sridhar Mantha: 
This is Sridhar, and I'll take the first question and second question 
Joseph will address. And regarding the first question, of course, for 
quite some time we have been seeing lot of traction that were 
happening in the GenAI space because the clients were not really clear 
about either the use case definition or the ROI. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 28 
 
 
Such prototypes and POCs were generally done by scratching some 
component of the budget from somewhere. However, as Joseph and 
Ashok mentioned, in the last 2 quarters, including the current quarter, 
we started seeing more and more customers are extremely clear about 
their entire roadmap and what kind of agentic AI foundation and the 
platform they want to build, what kind of use case they want to create. 
 
And these roadmap projects are very clearly part of their overall budget 
definitions and having more of 1 to 3 years kind of roadmaps. So, the 
answer, shortly, is of course earlier it used to be more of scratch the 
budget here and there, but nowadays we are seeing more and more 
large initiatives well-defined as part of their overall budget. 
Joseph Anantharaju: And just to add to that, Gaurav. The other area that we are seeing is 
when you look at lot of  many of these platforms and applications that 
enterprises and even SaaS providers have built, there's a level of tech 
debt that they've incurred over a period of time which, for reasons of 
the risk involved, if it's an old enterprise application, or if it's a SaaS 
provider or a company that is looking at its bottom line, they may not 
undertake this because of the cost. 
 
And that is being enabled by your Agentic AI approach where you can 
deliver a huge improvement in productivity, that will be a new spend 
as we and we are in discussion with a few customers on this. We'll be 
able to report more, I think, by next quarter. We're very, very hopeful 
on that. 
 
Now in terms of the various engagement models that you talked about, 
we are looking at multiple areas. One of them is looking at how do we 
take these platforms or solutions, and like you look at Arttha or 
Insurance in a Box, we've embedded agentic AI, we are looking at a 
couple of platforms in the education space and the healthcare space. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 28 
 
And our expectation is that we will be able to get subscription or direct 
license revenue. 
 
The second that we are looking at is how do we take some of these 
platforms, including our AI Delivery Platform that Sridhar and Ashok 
alluded to, and how do we package this into a solution and deliver it to 
customers and look at it whether these can be repeatable solutions so 
that the selling process, the presales, and the delivery gets optimized 
and we can manage our gross margins better. 
 
The third is obviously fixed price projects. We in some cases, whether 
it's when you're modernizing some of these applications or taking on 
new Agentic AI and GenAI-based features, we'll be able to do it in a 
fixed price manner as long as the customer is clear on what the 
outcome should be. If they're in an ideation phase, then it becomes a 
little bit more challenging. 
 
The other area that we are very actively considering, because it would 
allow us to capture more value, is outcome-based. And here there is 
quite a bit of ideation going on internally as to how we can take this to 
customers. We need to think this through, but we have our initial 
thoughts and we are bouncing it off customers and sensing them out 
to evolve this approach. 
Management: 
Just to add on that, Gaurav, our ELLIPSE platform for the infrastructure 
management has got AIOps infused in it. And so does our security 
platform which is SecAiGenie, which has got AI completely infused in 
terms of threat management and MDR. Now both these platforms help 
in shared services as well as complete managed services, thereby 
adding value. 
 
And these are not just routine vanilla services which we're going to 
provide, but it includes AI-based operations which actually benefits the 
customer in terms of cost saving as well as improved service quality. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 28 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Aditi Patil from ICICI 
Securities. 
Aditi Patil: 
My first question is on the healthcare vertical. So, it has grown at a 
healthy pace for the last 3 quarters. Can you share more color on this? 
What is driving growth? Which service lines, markets and client sub-
segments? And how is our pipeline in this vertical? And also update on 
the -- you had mentioned in the 10-point transformation plan about a 
healthcare out-of-the-box solution. So, update on that. 
Joseph Anantharaju: Sure. See, one of the areas that we are seeing where spend is holding 
up well, Aditi, is the healthcare space. And you would also notice that 
BFSI has demonstrated good growth during the quarter. In healthcare, 
we saw uptick across geos as well as across various sub-segments of 
healthcare. So, we had customers in India, in Europe and in U.S. 
ramping up during the year. We also had a couple of new logos that we 
were able to close in healthcare. 
 
Some of the companies that have contributed to this growth, one of 
them is a health-tech company based out of India, where we've seen -
- they're building a platform for their delivery and for their business. 
And that's -- we finished the discovery/ideation phase and we got into 
the actual buildout. And this includes GenAI at the core of the platform. 
And that is contributing to some of the growth. 
 
And the other area that we are looking at is a large pharma company 
that had ramped down in the second quarter to some extent. We saw 
them ramping up again. That's also contributed to the growth. One of 
our large customers, which has a marketplace for medical supplies, 
they started off a couple of initiatives which ramped up during the 
quarter and that's where a lot of the growth has come. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 28 
 
 
We're also working with a couple of medical research institutions on 
bioinformatics and using AI for optimizing some of their research 
activities. So, we saw that contributing to the revenue. 
 
In terms of the healthcare platform that we talked about, I think we 
have one platform that's ready, the multi-omics platform. And as we 
speak, we are running our go-to-market campaigns on this platform. 
We have a few prospects that have evinced interest. We are in the 
process of figuring out how do we package this platform and work with 
these customers. So, it's looking quite positive. There is a second 
healthcare platform that is still in the ideation phase. That'll take 
maybe another quarter or 2 for us to get clarity on. But the multi-omics 
platform is something that we're already going to market with, Aditi. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay, got it. That color is helpful. My second question is on the hi-tech 
vertical. So, can you also let us know -- I mean, was it mainly because 
of furlough that we saw a Q-o-Q decline? And what is the outlook on 
this vertical? 
Joseph Anantharaju: Sure. So, there are couple of reasons that we saw a drop in this vertical. 
One of the customers that we've been working with for the last 1.5-
year, which is more of a -- which was more in a startup phase, we have 
completed the development of the product for this customer. And it's 
a U.S.-based customer and so the team ramped down as the customer 
tries to take this to market and sell the product and figure out the 
viability of the product in the market. Our hope is that once they are 
able to get their go-to-market going, we will see some revenues come 
back. And this is a risk when we work with some of the early stage or 
startup kind of companies. 
 
We also had we were working with Airport Authority of India providing 
support on the platform that we had built for them. That support 
contract came to an end. So both of these have contributed to the drop 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 28 
 
in hi-tech. And going forward, what we expect to see is revenues to 
stabilize and hopefully demonstrate growth in the coming quarters, 
Aditi. 
Aditi Patil: 
I just have two more questions. So, the third question is on in terms of 
the renewals, our some of the peers have highlighted that clients are 
asking for productivity ask for higher pricing reductions. So, are we 
seeing that more in hi-tech vertical? And overall, how have been our 
renewals? 
Joseph Anantharaju: Sure. If you look at our repeat business, that's stayed around the same, 
Aditi. So that's one barometer that I would use. But you made a point 
that customers are demanding a decrease in rate. See, in our case what 
we are seeing is that customers are driving and we are in many cases 
proactively going and evangelizing to customers how they can use 
various productivity tools to improve their quality, to increase their 
productivity, output, throughput. And I believe that that would be the 
right approach to take for us, to be proactive about it. And that's what 
our team has been doing. 
 
And what we are seeing customers come back with is new additional 
features, tech debt that they have, that can be managed by the same 
team so that the throughput increases. And we've not seen any 
customers come back and ramping down because of productivity 
increases. At times a program could end or come to a logical conclusion 
and therefore, like I mentioned with the startup in the hi-tech vertical, 
that we are seeing. But we are not seeing any customers come back 
and ramp down because of productivity increases. 
 
In fact, a few of the CTOs that I met with in Q3, they're very categorical 
about this point that proactive and drive adoption and usage of 
productivity tools, don't worry about ramp downs based on the 
increase in productivity. And where we have managed services or fixed 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 28 
 
price, we will share the productivity improvements, whatever benefits 
we get, with the customers. That's the approach that we plan to take. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. Got it. And my last question is on so what is the threshold for 
TCV, like above which you mentioned the deals in your press release? 
What is the criteria of putting deals in the press release? 
Joseph Anantharaju: I think we've used a mixture of factors and criteria actually, Aditi. Some 
of them are you look at you see they are more discovery kind of work 
where the ACV could be lower, but the follow-up work would be higher. 
But what we've tried to highlight is the deals that are large in size as 
well as interesting work that we've done that can lead to more follow-
up work or that can lead us to other customers based on this work. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. So, you don't follow a minimum threshold of deal TCV above 
which you put it in the press release? 
Joseph Anantharaju: The minimum threshold is US$250 million, but you'll see deals that are 
multimillion, and you could also see deals that are $300 million or $400 
million, which are more consulting and discovery oriented. I just want 
to give you that range. Minimum is $250 million, if that's what you're 
looking for. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay, got it. Thank you for answering all the questions. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Anand Sodhani from 
Sodhani Securities Limited. 
Anand Sodhani: 
Good morning. I would like to first congratulate you on delivering such 
a wonderful set of results for this quarter. So, my -- I have three 
questions for Mr. Ashok Soota. There have been recent reports that 
Mr. Soota has been exploring stake sale. So, I wanted to understand 
the rationale behind the stake sale. And are we really exploring the 
stake sale? Or is there any -- and was the rationale at seeing the share 
price of HMT at the 52-week lows? 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 28 
 
 
And it has corrected almost 50% in the last 1 year. One side slide has 
been there since the last 1 year. The last time Sootaji sold stake at 
around INR850, 6% stake. And since then it has corrected to almost half 
till now. So, what's the rationale behind selling a stake at such low 
levels? 
Venkatraman N: 
Yes. Sodhani, it was quite muffled, your line. But if I were to repeat, you 
wanted to know about, Mr. Soota news that... 
Anand Sodhani: 
Yes, Ashokji is the news correct or is it just a rumor in the market? Is it 
planning?  
Venkatraman N: 
Is it correct or is it a rumor? 
Ashok Soota: 
Yes. Actually, I must tell you one aside just for you to understand where 
I am. Our whole, if you see our whole, whether it is a press release or 
our earnings call or press conference that we'll have now, we are 
completely AI focused and you may have incidentally seen yesterday 
Mr. Chandrasekaran in TCS is saying I'm going to start getting back into 
Tata is now saying I'm going to get back into looking after a lot more 
into TCS simply because of the importance of the change. 
 
Now we have launched a major program which I am leading here along 
with Joseph and the whole team is here to work with this. That change 
in itself has 11 strategic programs. Make no mistake, I am here to 
completely see it through, and there is no change. 
Anand Sodhani: 
Okay. That answers the first question. My second question is with 
respect to time line of Happiest Health. I think 2, 3 years back we had 
said that you will be launching the IPO planned to launch the IPO of 
Happiest Health in somewhere in 2027, if I'm not mistaken. So, is it on 
track? 
Ashok Soota: 
No, I wish I knew that. It's a very young company, its revenues at the 
moment are actually rather sad. But it will change. In the sense I'll - it's 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 28 
 
not a Happiest Health call, so let me still say, it will be a very 
differentiated, completely integrated healthcare and wellness 
company of a type which does not exist in this country and in just one 
of the segments that we have, for example, which we have we work 
with clinics which are out of the hospital model. And they are specialty 
clinics, so that's the beauty of the thing. And we have at the moment 
only 6 clinics, but within 12 months we'll have 26. 
Anand Sodhani: 
Okay. So, I mean, is the IPO on track for FY'27? 
Ashok Soota: 
As I said that, I would imagine IPO could be easily 6 years away. 
Venkatraman N: 
Yes, IPO would be at least 6 years is what Mr. Soota is saying. 
Anand Sodhani: 
From 6 years from now? 
Ashok Soota: 
Yes, Anand. 
Anand Sodhani: 
Yes. I asked that IPO will be 6 years from now? And we are seeing IPO 
at 6 years from now, from 2027? 
Venkatraman : 
Yes, that that's the thought. But like Mr. Soota said, that's more for 
Happiest Health, but yes, yes. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Vinesh Vala from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vinesh Vala 
Sir, my question was on the retail vertical. So, the Retail vertical which 
is growing on sequential basis from last 9 quarters is showing a decline 
in this quarter. So, is it related to the furloughs? Or is there any issues 
which we are facing because the industry was growing -- was facing the 
issue, industry was slowing down but we were growing in this vertical. 
So, is there any concern? 
Joseph Anantharaju: No, actually. I think there are 2, 3 reasons that have resulted in this 
drop. There's a very small element of furloughs actually, maybe around 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 28 
 
see, the drop was 500,000 from Q3 to Q2 to Q3 and maybe around 
70,000 of that would be furloughs. One of the large customers, they 
don't do a 12-month billing cycle. They use a 4-week billing cycle. So, 
we get 13 billing cycles in a year. And in Q2, we got an extra billing cycle, 
which resulted around 250,000 of extra revenues, which kind of got 
normalized in Q3, and that contributed a fair bit. 
 
For again, one of our large beverage manufacturer customers, we 
completed the automation project that we had taken up for them. It 
completed in the end of Q2, early Q3. And we're just starting work 
follow-up work in Q4, so my belief is that in Q4, you'll see an uptick in 
revenues moving up in RCL. But overall, the pipeline and the customers 
that we are signing up in this space is quite encouraging. And I don't 
see any ramp down out here or a drop actually, Vinesh. 
Vinesh Vala 
Sir, next thing was on the edtech vertical. So edtech vertical also, it is 
declining. So, do we expect that vertical to be stabilizing in FY '27 or still 
some rationalization of clients and everything is there in this vertical? 
Joseph Anantharaju: So, Vinesh, as you rightly observed, this is a vertical that has shown a 
decline in the last few quarters. It used to be our largest vertical and 
now it's our third largest vertical. And one of the reasons is we've had 
a heavy exposure to the higher ed space in this vertical. And that whole 
space, whether it's in U.S. or across the globe, is going through a very 
challenging period. I'm talking about the higher edtech space, right? 
 
And in U.S., especially universities are having a challenge. But however, 
having and I believe the customers that we have right now, we are 
reaching a point where probably the various risks that were there, they 
have mostly played out is what I believe. And I think FY '27, we should 
see things stabilizing. 
 
Having said that, there's a new area that we have identified in the 
education space pursuing institutions and universities based on some 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 28 
 
of the work that we are doing with a couple of universities as we speak, 
one in Southeast Asia and another one in India, both very well-known 
leading institutions and the underlying opportunity out here is some of 
the internal challenges these universal institutions are facing because 
of data silos and more importantly, student retention, student 
attraction is a huge need out here. And AI is enabling them to do this 
in a more cost-effective manner and I believe that our AI and first 
strategy overlaid on our educational domain depth and the 
engagements that we are currently pursuing, including a couple in 
North America, gives us the opportunity to take some repeatable 
solutions and maybe even a platform-based approach to these 
customers. And I believe that in FY '27, we should see a reversal of the 
downward trend that we saw in the tech space. 
Vinesh Vala 
Okay. My next question was on the deal pipeline. So, as you highlighted 
that there is a pricing pressure, but do we foresee any change in tenure 
in the deal, whether deals are becoming shorter or something like that? 
And how is the pipeline overall pipeline? 
Joseph Anantharaju: As I mentioned in my commentary, Vinesh, I and the rest of the 
leadership team very encouraged by the increase in the pipeline. There 
was a significant increase in the pipeline. And the increase has been 
more in some of the larger deals. So, contrary to the point you made, 
we are actually seeing quite a few deals that are 3 to 4 years tenure. 
And typically, we've worked more as an external engineering team to 
our customers and so we get 1-year visibility, but we are now taking on 
programs, whether it's providing support for some of their platforms 
or setting up a QA testing center of excellence for a large bank in 
Muscat. We're looking at more longer-term engagements of higher 
value, and that is what is driving the increase in pipeline. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Sucrit D. Patil from Eyesight 
Fintrade Private Limited. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 28 
 
Sucrit D. Patil: 
Good morning. I have two questions. My first question to Mr. Joseph is 
looking ahead, how do you see Happiest Minds balancing between 
scaling digital transformation services, accelerating AI-generated 
investments and protecting profitability? As client demands and 
competition evolves, what will guide your decisions on which of these 
areas should get the strongest focus in the coming quarters? That's my 
first question. I'll ask my second question after this. Thank you. 
Joseph Anantharaju: Sure. So, I think as Ashok and Sridhar mentioned, our largest focus area 
will be the AI First strategy and the 11 programs that Sridhar talked 
about, making sure that we implement them. Ashok will be driving this 
with support from all of us, this initiative. And I believe that if we are if 
we can execute on this initiative, it will ensure that our growth picks up 
from the current 10% that we've given and that we'll be able to 
accelerate it further. 
 
Now some of the areas that we will be looking at actively is the AI 
Delivery Platform. That will be an area that we will be making 
investment. I think there's a huge opportunity around tech debt and 
modernization.as I mentioned in my commentary, we're seeing quite a 
few customers expressing interest in this space to address some of the 
issues that they have put off for quite some time. And I think that can 
be again a huge opportunity and making sure that we build repeatable 
solutions with AI at the core will allow us to take these use cases we 
have around 32 use cases in the GenAI space, it will allow us to take 
these use cases to a larger set of customers in a more repeatable 
manner. I think these will be the focus areas for FY'27. And a related 
area is how do we make sure that all of this happens in the context of 
more increased domain increasing the involvement of domain and 
domain understanding into these AI solutions. 
Sridhar Mantha: 
Sorry, I just want to add additional point. I think since you called out 
the digital transformation, I want to highlight one point that when we 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 28 
 
talk about the AI first, you visualize it more like tip of the iceberg. What 
we don't see under the water is the complete set of the digital 
technologies in the sense that cybersecurity, cloud and all those 
technologies where we have done investments and we have been the 
leader in the digital space, that continues to be the foundation on the 
top of which we'll be building the AI first strategy. 
 
And we started seeing similar kind of results in the marketplace in the 
sense that large multimillion dollars in the edu-tech space, which we 
talked earlier, that has a larger component on the digital and then close 
to $1 million on the AI and Generative AI to be added on the top. So, 
they go hand in hand is what I want to call out. 
Sucrit D. Patil: 
My second question to Mr. Balakrishnan is: as Happiest Minds plans 
over the next few quarters, what financial signals or metrics will be 
most important in your mind for guiding decisions on cost control, cash 
flow management and capital allocation for specifically AI and digital 
investments? How do you see these levers shaping the company's 
ability to protect margins and boost the profits as IT services business 
scales? 
Anand Balakrishnan: Yes, this is Anand here. So yes, thank you for this question. Yes, the 
margin pressures will continue to be there, but what we -- if you've 
seen from a gross margin perspective, we are kind of marching up in 
the last 2 quarters. We will continue to work on those. Utilizations have 
improved from marked 80% to 82%, and we kind of trying to push that 
as well. Liquidity is also kind of gone up to 1520 crores. So that is 
something that is there. 
 
So, the only thing that we are working on is the DSO, which has 
currently kind of gone up. But I think it's kind of stabilized in the month 
of January. So, I think we will continue to do that. We seem to be doing 
well in what we are doing in the last couple of quarters from a margin, 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 28 
 
from a liquidity standpoint, and we will continue to do that in the 
coming quarters too. Does that answer your question? 
Sucrit D. Patil: 
Yes. 
Venkatraman N: 
And Sucrit, just to add, one of the areas that all of us will be looking at 
very closely is, we've made some investments in terms of NN sales, 
building vertical capabilities. And I think we need to keep those 
investments at the current level unless -- if we need to make 
investments that will lead to long-term growth, we will do that. 
 
But I think what we'll need to do is to ensure that we get more returns 
out of these investments. And as we speak, even in the last quarter in 
our commentary we had mentioned that we had 13 new logos for the 
first half of the year, which is the highest that we've had. And this is all 
based on the investments we've made in the NN sales team. 
 
So, I believe that in FY '27, some of the investments we've made, 
whether it's in the Generative AI business unit, whether it's in NN sales, 
or building vertical capabilities, we will see some of those investments 
paying off and contributing to our margins. And that will be something 
that all of us, the leadership, will be closely looking at. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Dhanshree Jadhav from 
Choice Institutional Equities. 
Dhanshree Jadhav: 
Congrats to the team for good set of numbers. My question is with 
regards to like we have given our full year guidance to be 10% plus. So, 
for that the Q4 revenue guidance should be stronger. So, what are -- 
what would be the verticals and strengths supporting this strong 
growth in Q4? 
 
And my second question is on, if you can call out on subscription 
revenues in terms of as percent of top-line and the gross margins we 
are having there. And any queues on pipeline in the GBS, which we are 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 28 
 
seeing of strong quarter-on-quarter growth. So like ACV also if we can 
get, so that would be helpful. 
Priyanka Sharma: 
First is color on the anchor verticals in Q4. Then she is asking for deal 
pipeline ACV, GBS. 
Joseph Anantharaju: Okay. So, for Q4, I think we are looking at couple of verticals to actually 
drive growth and couple of verticals to stabilize. I think BFSI will 
continue to be a vertical that will drive our growth because we are 
expecting an uptick in Arttha license revenues. Typically, Q4, our Q4 
and Q1 calendar year is the biggest quarter just because customers 
have completed their planning, they've opened up their budget. 
 
And we have a good pipeline for Arttha. And we have another 2 months 
to close this. At the same time, we also have a couple of BFSI customers 
where we've got additional requirements based on last -- the planning 
for the new year. And we need to make sure that we are able to staff 
and start these. So BFSI is one vertical that we are expecting will give 
us heft in Q4. 
 
The other one is again healthcare. And I think it's a continuation of 
trend. For one of our large customers that I talked about, where we are 
helping build a platform for their diagnostic and health clinics, we are 
getting into a ramp-up phase in Q4. And there are couple of new use 
cases that have been identified which leverage AI and GenAI. So those 
two will be contributing to growth in Q4. 
 
And I did talk about RCL and hi-tech stabilizing. I expect hi-tech, one of 
the large deals that we are working on should get closed. We are in a 
very advanced stage. But we may get some revenues in Q4. It will 
definitely contribute to growth in Q1. 
 
So overall, as I mentioned in -- while addressing your question earlier, 
we are seeing a strong pipeline and the opportunities that are large are 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 28 
 
in a very advanced stage in the funnel. And as they close, they will start 
yielding revenues, some of it in Q4, and in Q1 and Q2 as well and GBS 
Sridhar? 
Sridhar Mantha: 
This is Sridhar. And regarding GBS, of course, Joseph shared the 
quarter-over-quarter growth, and we want to continue the momentum 
to the next quarter as well as the next financial year so that as GBS was 
as entered part of our trend strategic programs earlier, will contribute 
more towards the growth of Happiest Minds. 
 
However, when it comes specifically to the pipeline side of the things, 
and some of the deals that we very recently closed, the example is for 
example, Joseph talked about start-up in agentic AI platform space, 
which we very recently closed, there's a huge upside in terms of how 
much more we can add to such accounts and then, of course, as we are 
actually adding the generative AI as part of our AI-led strategy and AI 
First strategy across the organization, for example, AI plus Generative 
AI. And of course, we already have digital process automation as our 
center of excellence, combining the process automation with AI and 
Generative AI as intelligent automation. So we have a huge set of larger 
pipeline deals with the combination of GBS Generative AI with various 
other components in the organization and the last one is, of course, on 
the AI platforms that we talked about as part of our AI and generative 
AI platform, there is a very healthy pipeline in terms of building that 
with one of hi-tech and other health tech companies. So, we do see a 
healthy pipeline, and we are optimistic about maintaining similar or 
better growth in the coming quarters and the next year. 
Dhanshree Jadhav: 
Yes. Just one question. So, I just asked on subscription-led revenues, if 
you can call out that number in the gross margins sense? 
Venkatraman N: 
We only have Arttha as a line of business which is subscription or SaaS 
based. But we are looking at a couple of more additional offerings like 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 28 
 
Insurance in a Box, University in a Box kind of a multi-omics platforms. 
And those are at a much higher gross margins, if that's the question 
that you're asking, compared to the normal services. It's all of this is 
covered in the IP-led sales which is at about 10.4% as of end of quarter. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, we take the last question 
from the line of Rakesh, who is an Individual Investor. 
Rakesh: 
Yes. I have two questions there. Perhaps I see -- and I'm a retail 
investor. And the point is that since Happiest Minds has been 
positioned itself as an AI-driven company, what specific project or 
initiatives are being prepared for the -- we have a India AI Summit in 
the next week. That's the one question. And the second question is that 
I see lot of debt... 
Ashok Soota: 
Actually, that's a enormous initiative and we're really delighted that 
this is being kicked under the guidance of the Prime Minister himself. 
We will be participating and I'm also happy to share with you that one 
of the leading state governments, I can't name this at the moment, has 
really been written to us saying that we'd like to meet you there. We 
are really impressed with the work that you're doing in AI and we'd like 
to have a memorandum of understanding with you with a view to 
building a long-term relationship. So clearly, our focus on AI is paying 
off in many ways because the word has got around in a very brief 
period. And we'll be building on it, and we'll be very much present at 
the AI Summit. 
Rakesh: 
That sounds good to me. And the second point, question is that I see -
- what the projected repayment time line for the current debt? I see lot 
of debt being been taken because of your new projects, new companies 
hiring taken up. So, what are the -- any plans for capital raising? I see a 
lots of interest being paid every quarter. 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 28 
 
Venkatraman N: 
Almost all our debt is working capital debt, Mr. Rakesh. And if you look 
at our current ratio, that's quite healthy. And we get -- we have a 
significant amount of cash on our balance sheet. So, it's a little bit of a 
treasury that's being done, liquidity management that's being done. 
Receivables are funded through, preferential rate borrowings from 
banks, because banks support export-oriented industries by giving us 
4.6% to 4.7% rate capital -- working capital lines. So, it would be unwise 
not to use that and so we are doing that. So, we follow -- we look at the 
effective cost of borrowings versus the effective cost that we make -- 
effective returns we make on investments, and currently we are 1% 
plus on the income side. 
Rakesh: 
Okay. And just a point of note. As a retail investor, we have been 
investing on this company, trusting you guys from a couple of years, 3 
to 3.5 years, and we see lot of -- we are not happy indeed. So please do 
something, have a -- improve -- I request to improve your balance 
sheet. 
Ashok Soota: 
Yes, I'd like to just answer that. And like many companies, we go 
through certain cycles. And if you really see the last time we made a 
strategic announcement and said we're going to -- there was a period 
of 2, 3 years when growth was low. And then we are committing to a 
10% growth, which we are on. This is the third year about at which we 
are going to be at a 10% growth. 
 
Having said that, it is at this time that as we began to improve, the 
whole IT industry took a major hit. I mean if you look at it, at least half 
a dozen of those companies have been at their 52-week lows. Now we 
do believe that we have a secret weapon, which has been announced. 
we believe is going to take us into accelerated growth rates. 
 
And those numbers, I think, should be visible as you go ahead, and 
we're prepared to put numbers to the qualitative statements that 

 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 28 of 28 
 
we've been making. So do look out for our announcements at the end 
of Q4. And I think you will see a new trajectory from the company going 
ahead. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, with that we conclude the question-and-answer 
session. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Priyanka Sharma for 
her closing comments. 
Priyanka Sharma: 
Thank you for joining us today. We sincerely thank Anand Rathi for 
hosting this call on our behalf. We look forward to continued 
engagement with all our investors and analysts. For any follow-up 
queries, please feel free to reach out to Investor Relations team. You 
can reach out to us on ir@happiestminds.com  
Thank you once again and have a great day. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited, 
that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Please note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
