AWL Agri Business Ltd. 
Formerly known as Adani Wilmar Ltd. 
Fortune House 
Nr Navrangpura Railway Crossing, 
Ahmedabad 380 009, Gujarat, India  
CIN: L15146GJ1999PLC035320 
Tel +91 79 2645 5650 
Fax +91 79 2645 5621 
info@awl.in 
www.awl.in  
Registered Oﬃce: Fortune House, Nr Navrangpura Railway Crossing, Ahmedabad 380 009, Gujarat, India  
 
February 9, 2026 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543458 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla-Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: AWL 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call of Q3FY26 of AWL Agri Business Limited (Formerly 
known as Adani Wilmar Limited) (“the Company’) 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated February 3, 2026 regarding audio 
recording of Q3FY26 Earnings call held on February 3, 2026. Please ﬁnd attached 
transcript of the Earnings Call.  
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For AWL Agri Business Limited 
(formerly known as Adani Wilmar Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Darshil Lakhia 
Company Secretary 
M. No: A20217 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AVVL 
Agri business 
For a healthy growing nation 
Darshil 
Mayank 
Lakhia
Digitally signed by 
Darshil Mayank 
Lakhia 
Date: 2026.02.09 
17:28:19 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
“AWL Agri Business Limited 
Q3 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANGSHU MALLICK –EXECUTIVE DEPUTY 
CHAIRMAN – AWL AGRI BUSINESS LIMITED 
 
MR. SHRIKANT KANHERE – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – AWL AGRI 
BUSINESS LIMITED 
 
MR. SAUMIN SHETH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – AWL AGRI BUSINESS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. PANKAJ GOYAL – INTERIM CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – AWL AGRI BUSINESS LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHUTOSH JOYTIRADITYA – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
AWL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the AWL Agri Business Limited Q3 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashutosh Joytiraditya from ICICI Securities Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: 
Thank you, Rutuja. Hello, and good afternoon, everyone present on the call. I, on behalf of ICICI 
Securities, welcome you on AWL Agri Business Limited's Q3 FY '26 Earnings Call. I would 
like to thank the management to give this opportunity of hosting the call. 
 
On the management, we have Mr. Angshu Mallick, Executive Deputy Chairman; Mr. Shrikant 
Kanhere, MD and CEO; Mr. Saumin Sheth, Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer; 
and Mr. Pankaj Goyal, the Interim CFO. 
 
I'll now hand the call over to the management for any opening remarks. Thank you. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Thank you, and good evening, everyone, and thank you again for joining this call. I will begin 
with a brief overview on the operating environment, followed by our Q3 performance and the 
key business updates. 
 
During the quarter, operating environment remained mixed with a heightened volatility in 
sunflower oil following intensification of Ukraine conflict, even as Russia emerged as the largest 
supplier to India. Edible Oil prices more or less remained largely rangebound with a grammage-
led value offerings continuing across the industry. We also saw of late Indonesia delaying the 
B50 mandate and a continued availability of cheaper soya imports under the SAFTA route into 
the India shaping overall market dynamics. 
 
Edible Oil imports have remained broadly flattish over past two oil years now, close to 16 million 
tons in both the years. During the current year, import across all three major oils, palm, soya and 
sunflower were lower compared to the last year, indicating major consumption and the inventory 
discipline. 
 
Sunflower continued to trade at a premium over soya and palm during the quarter. And at the 
same time, the price gap between the soya and palm widened meaningfully influencing 
customers' choice and a portfolio mix across the category. So finally, we are seeing the chart 
which usually we used to see a couple of years back, where sunflower sitting on the top of the 
table followed by soya and finally palm. 
 
On wheat side, this year, the wheat prices more or less remained rangebound between the range 
of INR27, INR27.5 to INR28.5 or INR29 per kg, flattish kind of price trend that we have 
observed. This essentially puts players like us into a disadvantageous position who procure a 
significant amount of wheat during the harvest. And of course, it puts into advantageous position 
to all the smaller and repackers who normally work on a replacement basis. 
AWL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 3 of 12 
 
 
On the results snapshot for the Q3 FY '26 against this backdrop, Q3 FY '26 overall volume grew 
by 3% year-on-year, while revenue increased by 10%. Profitability during the quarter was in 
line with the management estimates, reflecting disciplined execution in a stable pricing 
environment. 
 
Our core brands continued to perform well with Fortune oils -- Fortune brand, rather, I would 
say, and Food delivering a very healthy growth of 13% year-on-year. Kohinoor, which we 
acquired in May 2022, registered a strong growth of 32%, while King's, which is now second 
largest brand in India. Oil and food together grew by close to 7% year-on-year. Growth was 
broad-based across the channels, but the alternate channel and HoReCa plus the branded exports 
delivering even stronger momentum. 
 
On the P&L, our stand -- on a stand-alone basis, volume grew by 2% during the quarter with a 
revenue growth of 8%. On a per ton basis, that is what we always suggest to look at our 
profitability metrics, both the gross profit as well as the EBITDA remained in line with our stated 
management estimates. 
 
On a consolidated basis, volumes grew by 3% year-on-year with a revenue growth of 10%. The 
difference between stand-alone and consolidated profitability reflects improving performance of 
our Bangladesh subsidiary and a consolidation of G.D. Foods and Omkar Chemicals, both of 
which are scaling-up well. 
 
On a quarterly gross profit trends and EBITDA trends, we are delivering strong improvement in 
the gross profit and EBITDA per ton as compared to the previous quarters. This reflects better 
operating leverage, product mix and a sustained cost discipline. 
 
On the business updates, at a company level, volumes grew by 3%, led by oils, with Food 
remained broadly flat, excluding G2G sales that we had last year. Industry Essentials declined 
due to challenging macros in castor, while oleo continued to scale steadily. Our last 12-month 
EBITDA now is close to INR2,200 crores and the Q3 EBITDA stood at INR637 crores. 
 
Consistently, we are delivering EBITDA of plus of INR600 crores quarter after quarter. 
Alternate channels for us continued to scale very rapidly with last 12-month revenue from this 
only channel close to INR4,800 crores now. 
 
The demand environment remained moderately challenging, though the offtake improved in the 
second half of the quarter. Edible Oil volumes grew by 8% with broad-based growth across 
categories and double-digit growth in mustard. 
 
Market share improved sequentially on a quarterly basis, supported by high marketing intensity 
and continued grammage play that we saw across the industry. On a food volumes were impacted 
by pricing action in the wheat and a flat G2G sales. However, our domestic branded rice business 
delivered robust and sequentially improving growth. 
 
We maintained market share in wheat, flour and saw meaningful improvement in the Basmati 
rice market share. Now Basmati rice market share is now on a MAT basis has actually crossed 
AWL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 4 of 12 
 
11.9%. Products other than rice and wheat continued to grow in a strong double digit and now 
contribute to the 30% of the Food & FMCG volume. And these products are basically sugar, 
nuggets, poha, suji, rawa, maida and other products, which constitute now 30% and growing in 
a double digit. 
 
On Industry Essentials front, volumes were impacted by macro challenges in castor, while oleo 
volumes are flattish. Oleo contributes about 30% of the segment and continues to deliver high 
single-digit margins. We are steadily diversifying into specialty chemicals, which now 
contributes close to 7%, 8% of our oleo volumes and offer higher margin potentials. 
 
On G.D. Foods, which we acquired this year in April 2025, the business delivered a growth of -
- revenue growth of 15% with underlying volume growth of 18%. Material margins stood at 
healthy 54% and distribution expenses remained the key focus. Alternate channels grew sharply 
for this particular business as the G.D. is increasingly leveraging AWL's distribution and 
infrastructure plus bundling -- bundled offer along with the AWL products. 
 
Our priorities for G.D. Foods includes accelerating distribution expansion, leveraging AWL's 
infrastructure and scaling channels beyond general trade. We are also focused on driving growth 
in tail-end products to broaden the portfolio and improve overall throughput. 
 
On brand investment, we are consistently investing in this. We stepped up brand investment 
during the quarter with multiple new advertising campaigns launched across the region. These 
investments are aimed at strengthening brand salience and supporting medium-term growth 
across the categories. 
 
As far as the distribution is concerned, now we reach close to 9,50,000 outlets across the country 
directly. Rural distribution has scaled up to over 60,000 towns now, and we are now focused on 
improving throughput and distribution efficiency. 
 
Alternate channel remains one of the core focus area for us as this is the channel of the future 
and growing very fast. Alternate channels continued the strong momentum this quarter also with 
the volume growing by 42% year-on-year. Quick commerce now accounts for close to 30% of 
our overall alternate channel volumes, and we continue to invest behind this channel given its 
growth potential. 
 
Quick commerce volume grew by a robust 65% year-on-year during the quarter. Our brand 
strength is clearly reflected in the market leadership across the categories with strong shares in 
oil, soya nuggets, besan, sugar and maida. We continue to invest in expanding our meaningful 
portfolio. 
 
And therefore, in that direction, in the health and convenience portfolio. We launched Fortune 
Multi Grain Atta during this quarter. And the initial feedback is quite positive on the product. 
Our value-added and convenience offering across oils and food are also steadily scaling as we 
plan to expand this portfolio further in the coming quarters. 
AWL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
With this, I think I am done with the initial thoughts about the performance of the company for 
the quarter. And now I hand over call to the Chorus team to open the lines for Q&A. And me, 
along with Mr. Mallick and Saumin and Pankaj are here, and happy to take questions from the 
participants. Over to you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Sanjay Shah from KSA Securities Private Limited. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Sir, your guidance regarding -- you had guided for INR3,500 crores to INR3,000 EBITDA per 
ton as a sustainable. So now in stressed commodity cycle, what are the biggest levers that you 
can use to protect these numbers? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
See, actually, the levers are basically -- it's like more to do with the proper risk management that 
we follow. I mean in a sense, the guidance that we gave of INR3,500 crores to INR3,600 is basis 
all the risk management that we have put in. And this is generally we have been able to deliver. 
 
And given the fact that our positions are not speculative in nature, and therefore, we -- and that 
is the basis at which we are giving this estimate of INR3,500 to INR3,600. And generally, we 
have not seen this per ton margins going down below this, even in very strong bearish or a 
volatile trends. 
Sanjay Shah: 
That's great. Sir, in food business, we have become now EBITDA positive. So what margin band 
should we expect when the scale and when this business grows meaningfully? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
See, this business to actually deliver meaningful EBITDA, I think we will still have to allow 
some more time to this business. As we have said earlier that we have -- we took some pricing 
correction this year, and therefore, we are EBITDA positive. But however, having said that, this 
business will still remain in an investment phase or a growth phase as we go forward. 
 
For a meaningful EBITDA margins, I think we will have to wait for another 2 to 3 years where 
it will start delivering. And as we have been saying earlier also, the food has got better margin 
profile than Edible Oil. And what we have seen in our competition, the EBITDA margins 
anywhere between 5% to 6% or a little over 6% to 7% are something which we can look at for 
the food. However, having said that, as I said earlier, this business for at least some time for next 
2 to 3 years will still remain into our investment phase. 
Sanjay Shah: 
And sir, my last question is regarding G.D. Foods. As we have done 54% material margin, how 
much of these margins advantage can we retain as volume scale using AWL distribution 
channel? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
No. So I think we have already retained these margins. So in fact, when we took over G.D. 
Foods, the material margins were actually in the range of 50% kind of margins. We have actually 
-- while scaling up the business, we have been able to retain this margin. So it's not -- so we 
don't want to grow by being aggressive on the pricing in the market. Rather, we want to leverage 
the AWL distribution. That is what we are doing. So to answer your question straight, I think 
we will maintain these margin levels, but we'll be able to showcase growth just by leveraging 
the AWL distribution. 
AWL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Harit Kapoor: 
I had a few questions. So the first one on the soya, palm, sun kind of pricing situation. It seems 
like things have a little bit normalized. Your volume growth is also back. Just wanted to get a 
sense of how you're kind of thinking about the macro context on the Edible Oil prices. You have 
a strong team who kind of works around this. So -- and how in turn could that kind of affect the 
overall volume growth, maybe a near to medium term will be helpful basis your understanding. 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, one is that -- we have been in all the category of oil that we work. So as a brand or as a 
company, we are present in all the oil. So whenever there is an escalation in price of one 
particular oil, say, sunflower oil, then soybean oil is there with us or mustard oil or palm oil to 
back up the volume. So if you see the growth that is happening is an all-round growth, which 
we are doing in all the oils. The growth has come from mustard oil. It has come from soybean 
oil. It has come from sun oil also. 
 
Overall, price-wise, there has been some escalation in prices of particularly sun oil because of 
the tightness in the market in supply chain. But otherwise, palm oil and soya has been 
rangebound. So it has helped us to grow the volume. Going forward, the -- we are confident that 
with the brand and with the type of distribution that we are expanding, it's possible for us to 
continue with the volume growth. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And you mentioned about the smaller grammages market moving to 750 grams. So what's 
happening here? Why the movement downwards? Is it a price thing? Is it affordability, driving 
up affordability? Is it competitive intensity? If you could give some color on what's happening 
in the market as you're moving down SKUs? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, amongst all the food products, if you see last year versus this year, Edible Oil prices are 
almost 20% higher. So what happened is with the inflation pressure, at least 3, 4 months back or 
a year back, the pressure on prices were huge. So what happened was when the packaging order 
law change that you can have any grammage as long as you mentioned the same. So competition 
started reducing the weight so as to reduce the price. And it started from 1000 grams, to say, 900 
and then 850, then 800, then 750.  
 
Now at 750, it is almost stable at 750, and all the competitors are at 750 levels. This is only to 
reduce the price and create affordability. And I'm sure if the Edible Oil prices remain stable or 
calm, the grammage might go up, and it is possible. But in case of mustard oil, we have seen 
there is no grammage cut. This is mainly in palm oil and soybean oil. We have seen that. Even 
in sunflower oil, we have seen grammage cut. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Got it. And if you look at EBITDA per ton this quarter for Edible Oil, actually very 
healthy, if you add back the derivative gain. So is there something where we can -- apart from 
the other -- what's sitting in the other income, which is the derivative gain, can we also assume 
that because of the way the prices did move up, there would have been some kind of mark-to-
market positive gains on commodity as well in this quarter on Edible Oil? Ex the derivatives, ex 
the forex business? 
AWL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes. No, that's fine. I think very -- I mean right question to ask. When you look at our number, 
I think -- and this is has been -- we have been saying this for quite some time, is looking at a 
quarter number is not actually the right way of looking at it. In our scheme of the things, since 
we plan everything for 90 days, given the fact that we are quite a big operator dealing in some 
more than 3 million, 3.5 million tons of oil. 
 
Our planning cycle goes beyond 90 days. And therefore, when you plan it in such a way, you 
always have an overlap of some M2M between the quarters. And therefore, if you really look at 
a 6-month level or a yearly level, is there something which gives you a right number. 
 
So always, you have either some overlapping shifting from previous quarter to this quarter or 
something getting shifting in this quarter to that -- to the next quarter. And that's the only reason. 
And therefore, we say that on a guidance level, you should be working on anywhere between 
INR3,600 to INR4,000 a ton, and that we should be able to deliver. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Right. I think last question was on FMCG. So we've seen this kind of muted situation on 
the volume side, but now we are actually seeing your sequential market share is also kind of 
improving in the higher growth categories, in the branded categories. Just wanted to get your 
sense on when do we start to see ex G2G, which is now pretty much not in the base also. When 
do we start to see an acceleration in volume growth in Food & FMCG? I mean what is your kind 
of thought process outlook there? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Yes. On Food & FMCG, when you see and you break down all these products, you will find 
that, except for non-Basmati rice and Chakki Atta. All our food products have shown a very 
healthy growth in some of the products is 20% plus, whether it be sugar or poha or maida, suji, 
rawa, dal, besan, even Basmati rice. As you see, Basmati rice also, market share has improved 
substantially. 
 
Now, what has happened in non-Basmati rice is that we have done some consolidation internally. 
Last year, we expanded rapidly, but then we found that non-Basmati rice needs to be understood 
well at each geography. And so we consolidated it. And then again, we are now getting back 
into the action after our learnings, how to get the business well structured. That is one. And you 
will see going forward that our non-Basmati business is giving us volumes. That is one. 
 
And two is that Chakki Atta, as said in the presentation that wheat did not -- prices did not 
increase. As a result, we did not get the carrying cost as every year we would get if we store the 
wheat. And we generally stored the wheat for 6, 8 months only to ensure that the quality remains 
consistent throughout the year. 
 
Now local players have the advantage that they work on hand-to-mouth inventory. Obviously, 
they could buy the wheat at a cheaper price and be much more competitive. And that is why we 
did not grow much in both non-Basmati rice and Chakki Atta. These are 2 big portfolios in the 
food had -- we had grown there even 10%. The overall food basket would have grown by 15% 
or so. 
AWL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 8 of 12 
 
 
So we are confident that going forward, things would be better. As we see now, January also, 
we have seen both non-Basmati rice and Chakki Atta has started showing better results and new 
crop is awaited anytime from March, we will get the new crop of wheat. And non-Basmati rice 
also, new crop has started coming from November onwards. So things are a little better. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And last question, if I may. Your outlook on the prices for Atta -- for wheat and rice, 
given that new crop is likely to come in soon. Prices haven't moved up much as you rightly 
mentioned. Is this -- I mean if one could guess for the next 6, 12 months, is there a stable price 
outlook right now? Is that how you're thinking about for both these commodities? 
Angshu Mallick: 
I think the non-Basmati crop has been very good this year. And I think it is one of the highest 
production of paddy outpacing even China to become number one. The prices are very 
affordable, stable, anything at INR38, INR40, you get today, Sona Masoori at the mill level, ex 
mill level is a very good price, affordable price. 
 
Wheat also, if you see the production is going to be very good, better than last year. And that is 
because very good monsoon and a couple of weeks so far, the weather conditions are very good. 
So wheat production also will be higher than last year, which makes both the commodities as 
very, very stable prices. And while there is stable prices, obviously, the brands have advantage. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from ICICI Securities. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Sir, first question is regarding Edible Oil. So last quarter, you highlighted that there is a soya oil 
import from Nepal, which is particularly impacting our business in north part of the region. 
What's the status on that now? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, Nepal exports only soybean oil. And that also in consumer pack that what is the -- under 
SAFTA, they can do that. And most of the market they penetrate are Bengal, Bihar, UP, 
Jharkhand. These are 4 big markets, where AWL has over 50% market share in soybean oil. So 
it has surely impacted earlier. But slowly, what we are finding that with competitive prices and 
palm olein becoming cheaper, so that is fighting against the imported soybean oil up from Nepal. 
 
So Nepal in flux has reduced by almost 30%, 40%. At its high, it was almost 200,000 tons per 
quarter. Now it has come down to roughly around 125,000 tons per quarter. So it has reduced, 
not that it has become 0, but the impact has surely come down. And that is why you see our 
market share has also seen improving in Q3. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, second is on Foods business. So our aspiration of INR10,000 crores, which 
was there earlier for FY '27. Where are we in terms of -- you would expect any delay in terms 
of achieving that INR10,000 crores of top line? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yeah. I think, see -- so this INR10,000 crores of estimate that we gave, of course, basis the kind 
of growth that we saw on the food side in FY '23, '24 and '25. '26 was flattish for us and I think 
we spelt out the reasons why it was flattish. As we go forward in '27, I don't think we will have 
any such of reasons which we had this year will be there. 
AWL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 9 of 12 
 
 
Having said that, I think meaningfully G.D. Foods also contributes to it along with a couple of 
more interventions that we are going to take. I think we -- if not INR10,000 crores, I think we 
would be in a striking distance that we are trying to work out. Yes. But FY '27, INR10,000 crores 
seems to be now kind of number, which we may not be able to achieve,maybe it may go to FY 
'28, but we would suddenly be into a striking distance of this number. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. Got it. And sir, in Foods business, we have seen a lot of innovation where the new product 
launches has been quite aggressive in a way. What would be the contribution of NPD to the 
overall growth of FMCG and Foods in our portfolio? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, in our portfolio, we have not been aggressive in ready-to-eat because only ready-to-cook 
we have gone into, in which we have this Biryani kits of different varieties. We have double 
roasted suji that we have put. We are also put Xpert functional oils, which have started doing 
well. 
 
So these are some of the NPD products, which have done well. But as a percentage, it cannot 
sound very big because our general staples business is quite large. In Edible Oil, obviously, if 
you look at our total volume, it's very large. So these all put together, NPD will be roughly 
around INR500 crores or something in that range. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
No, got it. I was asking that NPD contribution to the Foods and FMCG. Yes, but INR500 crores, 
I can reverse calculate it. And it would be safe to assume that all this NPD would be more of a 
margin accretive for you compared to the existing portfolio of FMCG and Foods? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Yes, surely. The margins are higher. Only thing is that in the beginning, you need to invest in 
some of the brand building or promotion or creating some consumer connect. That cost, if you 
take it up, then surely, it has much, much higher margin. If you take our Xpert Oil, say, Immunity 
Oil, this oil gives us at least 3x more margin than the normal. But then these are new oil, which 
you need to advertise or you need to inform consumers in any way. 
 
We have now -- we have cold-pressed oil. We have just launched cold-pressed oil. We have 
Pehli dhaar as first press, but now I have introduced cold-pressed mustard oil. We are working 
on cold-pressed groundnut oil. We have Multi Grain Atta, we have just launched Multi Grain 
Atta. We are working on high-protein Atta. There are a few more products on which we are 
closing very fast. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. Got it. And sorry, if I missed, but if I look at only Food & FMCG business, what would 
be the contribution of this alternate channel and in light of -- and at what rate it has been 
growing? At the same time, what would be the profitability of this alternate channel compared 
to, let's say, general trade channel for us? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Okay. See, first at all India level. Let's look at all India level. Food & FMCG staples business, 
25% business comes from alternate channels. 75% comes from your general trade. This is at all 
India level. Now when you go to different towns, say, rural, there isn't any alternate channel, 
everything is general trade. But rest in towns when you go, you have different alternate channels 
doing well. 
AWL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 10 of 12 
 
 
Now modern trade has been growing at around 15%, 20%, but quick commerce is the fastest, 
growing at around 65% and e-commerce is growing at around 45%. Overall, overall, the 
alternate channel has been doing much better. And you can say around 35%, 40% is the average 
growth rate of alternate channel versus 5%, 7%, 8% in general trade. And in some of the towns 
when you go further breakup, whether you take Bangalore, Pune, Mumbai, NCR, you will find 
the food and staples business, 50% comes from alternate channel. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. And sir, on profitability and market share, can you comment on for this alternate channel? 
Angshu Mallick: 
E-commerce. E-commerce gives us slightly more. Modern trade also gives us more than general 
trade for the simple reason that we don't employ or deploy a lot of people in the trade or in the 
distribution thing. Distributors are not there. Most of it is direct dealing with the clients. So we 
supply directly to Reliance or DMart or anybody. So that saves us 1 cost as well as the manpower 
cost is less delivery at 1 point. So these are all some of the savings that you get. Overall, alternate 
channel gives us better margins than general. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. And sir, last question from my end. Can you give some color in terms of demand, let's 
say, what on-ground demand environment do you see, be it in terms of geography-wise 
Northeast, West, South or in terms of rural versus urban? And is there any pickup you have been 
seeing or what your analysis has been that how the FY '27 would pan out in that terms? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Good question. See, first is that first half was very dull. Both rural and urban was dull. Q3 
onwards, October onwards, we started seeing some uptick in consumption, both rural and urban. 
 
Now OND normally is a good consumption month because all festivals, Dussehra, Diwali and 
then marriage season and then overall up to Christmas and New Year, the market is always good. 
So OND is good for all. But 15th November onwards, we found that rural market started giving 
us much more consumption. And there was a demand that we can -- we could see clearly, and 
this demand continues even till today. 
 
Urban markets, I would say, Tier 2 and Tier 3 towns showed very good results and very good 
demand, which also continues till today. Only the pressure remains in the metro cities where 
possibly the stress is still there and alternate channel is taking some business away from the 
general trade. So that is the possible thing. Otherwise, the demand is up. 
 
Going forward, what we feel is that with the prices stable, market mood sentiments are positive. 
Agri production is increasing. Overall, overall, the consumption mood is much better. And 
staples, normally, people come a little later on buying bigger quantity. They first buy other 
products. 
 
But once they now see that rice, wheat, flour, sugar and all these prices are stable, consumption 
starts growing. We are looking at least single-digit growth in Edible Oils and double-digit in 
Food going forward. That is what indicates -- gives -- indications are like that from the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashutosh Joytiraditya from ICICI Securities. 
AWL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: 
So my question is on the Foods business. So given the aggression which you have, are you 
looking for any inorganic opportunity as well the particular Foods segment? And also like if you 
can -- if you could just elaborate more on the initiatives that you are taking to grow the overall 
Foods business? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
See, as far as the inorganic opportunity or inorganic route to grow the business, I would only say 
that as a company, we keep evaluating a lot of proposals, which comes on our table, and that's a 
continuous process that keeps going on. I would not comment anything whether the opportunity 
is there today, yes or no. 
 
But I think, yes, as a process, we continue to look out for such kind of any opportunity that 
comes in and it fits into our valuation and if it's into our bill, we certainly do it as we did in the 
past, like we acquired Kohinoor and then G.D. Foods. And of course, in oleochemicals, we 
acquired Omkar Chemicals. So that's always will be there. 
 
As far as the various initiatives are concerned to expand the Foods business, of course, we would 
be a little bit aggressive as we go forward on some of the product lines like wheat, flour and rice. 
And of course, the big work that needs to be done, of course, is on the distribution side. So while 
we say that we are leveraging oil distribution, but answer is, are we there in terms of fully 
leveraging oil distribution? Yes or no. I think the work is still in process. 
 
So the big initiative that we would be taking is on the distribution side, number one. And number 
two, given the encouraging results on the quick com and alternate channel, we would be 
spending quite a big focus and big efforts on this particular channel because this has given us 
quite a significant growth along with a good market share. So these are the 2 things we will 
continue to do particularly for the Food. 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: 
Okay. Okay. Sure, sir. And sir, you have highlighted just now to the earlier participant that Q3, 
the demand has been good. But like in general, is there any downtrading kind of trend which 
you've seen, like particularly in the Edible Oil portfolio? Any like movement from Fortune to 
maybe bulk or regional players, something like that? 
Angshu Mallick: 
No, no. In fact, we are finding -- people are coming back to Fortune. Growth of Fortune is higher 
than our second brand. And that can be very clearly seen because Nielsen is also catching the 
same thing. And we have seen our brand Fortune doing better. 
 
So if you see our all India Fortune share has increased, and that's an indication that consumers 
are, one, getting back into consumption; two, they are getting back into their preferred brands. 
So that is possibly because rate reduction was done to ensure that the affordability remains of 
the brand, and that is why consumption of Fortune is higher than our second brand, King's. 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: 
Okay. Okay. And one last thing, sir. So on this U.S. tariff, so would the company see any better 
opportunity for expansion for this oleochemical exports? Anything on that? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
See, I think the deal has just been announced, not been even 24 hours. I think details will be soon 
out. We have not yet seen exactly what and how part of the deal. But yes, certainly, on a branded 
AWL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 12 of 12 
 
export side, we will be certainly get benefited because till now, the branded exports were 
attracting more than 50% of tariffs, which now come down to 18%. 
 
And the oleo and other things and the bean oil, and there are a lot of discussions going around 
what will happen, whether India will import bean oil from U.S., yes or no. I think once the details 
are out, only then anyone can be able to comment on it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to management for closing comments. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Thank you once again for all the participants for joining the call. And if you wish to ask any 
further questions, any queries, you can certainly reach out to our Investor Relations team through 
an e-mail, and we will certainly see to it that your queries get answered. Thank you very much 
again. 
Angshu Mallick: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
AWL 
Agribusiness 
