 
RADICO KHAITAN LIMITED 
Corporate Office: Plot No. J-l, Block B-1, Mohan Co-op. Industrial area 
Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044 
Ph: (91-11) 4097 5444/555  
Registered Office: Rampur Distillery, Bareilly Road, Rampur-244901 (UP.) 
Phones: 0595-2350601/2, 0595-2350009 
E-mail: info@radico.co.in, website: www.radicokhaitan.com 
CIN No.: L26941UP1983PLC027278 
 
 
 RKL/SX/2025-26/93                                                                                                  January 30, 2026 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 532497 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: RADICO 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
Ref:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter no. RKL/SX/2025-26/86 dated January 16, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 
30 of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
for Analysts and Investors held on January 23, 2026 for the Quarter and Nine months ended December 
31, 2025.  
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
being 
disseminated 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
http://www.radicokhaitan.com/investor-relations/   
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Radico Khaitan Limited 
 
 
 
 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Senior Vice President - Legal & Company Secretary  
 
Email Id: investor@radico.co.in  
 
Encl: A/a 
 
Dinesh 
Kumar Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Date: 2026.01.30 
21:20:20 +05'30'

P a g e | 0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
  
       (BSE: 532497; NSE: RADICO) 
 
Third Quarter and Nine Month FY2026  
Earnings Conference call 
January 23, 2026 
 
 
 
Management Participants: 
 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President – International Business 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
1 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Presentation: 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Radico Khaitan 
Limited Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by DAM Capital 
Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is now being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Manyal from DAM 
Capital Advisors. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Before we begin our presentation, I would like to remind you that some of 
the statements made in today’s conference call may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the last slide 
of our earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. We would like to thank Radico 
Khaitan’s Management for providing DAM Capital with the opportunity 
to host Q3 FY26 Earnings Call. 
We have with us Senior Leadership Team from Radico Khaitan, Mr. 
Abhishek Khaitan – Managing Director, Mr. Dilip Banthiya – CFO, and 
Mr. Sanjeev Banga – President, International Business. 
I hand over the call to Mr. Abhishek Khaitan for his Opening Remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. First of all, Wishing Everyone a 
Very Happy New Year and thank you for joining us on Radico Khaitan’s 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
The third quarter represents a defining phase of acceleration for 
Radico Khaitan, where strategic clarity, portfolio depth, and execution 
excellence have translated into tangible outcomes. The Indian spirits 
sector continues to build strong momentum led by premiumization 
and evolving consumer aspirations. We have converted these 
structural tailwinds into our highest-ever quarterly performance with 
volumes of 9.75 million cases, net revenue of Rs. 1,547 crores, and 
EBITDA of Rs. 265 crores. These results reflect the strength and quality 
of our business model. 

 
 
 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Our performance was led by a premium and luxury-focused portfolio 
supported by a benign raw material environment and strong 
operating leverage. This translated into meaningful margin expansion 
and a sharp improvement in return ratios, marking a clear inflection 
point in the sustainability and predictability of our earnings. 
On the brand front, our recent launches are seeing strong early 
traction, validating the depth of our consumer insights and disciplined 
innovation and approach. The launch of Rampur 1943 Virasat Indian 
Single Malt marks a defining milestone in our journey of building world-
class luxury Indian spirits. The brand carries forward the soul of 
Rampur distillery, an institution with legacy since 1943, where tradition 
and innovation come together to create whiskies of depth, warmth 
and character. Rooted in heritage and craftsmanship and shaped by 
modern aspirations, it is positioned to set new benchmarks in the 
category. 
Alongside this, our broader premium portfolio continues to scale 
steadily across key markets, supported by sharper execution and 
increasing consumer pull. Royal Ranthambore Whisky delivered an 
outstanding performance with over 50% growth in Q3, driven by 
strong demand across both civil and CSD channels. 
Magic Moments Vodka continued its strong growth trajectory with 18% 
volume growth during Q3 and crossed Rs.1,050 crores of sales in the 
nine-month period. This performance was led by the recent flavor 
innovations. 
After Dark Whisky continued to deliver strong performance, recording 
40% growth year-on-year in the quarter, crossing 2.4 million cases 
volume in the nine months. 
8PM Premium Black Whisky, where we unveiled the new packaging 
earlier this year, has started gaining strong momentum. This brand will 
also be a key driver for our premium volumes going forward. 
We are seeing broad-based strength across our premium brands, 
driven by strategic price positioning and sharper execution. This 
balanced performance across categories is enhancing brand equity 
while providing greater stability and consistency to our overall 
portfolio. 
The on-trade channel continues to be a strategic priority for us. As 
consumption increasingly shifts towards experiences and brand-led 

 
 
 
 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
choices, we are deepening our partnership with key outlets and 
influencers. Strong brand advocacy in the on-trade is improving 
visibility, accelerating trials and strengthening long-term consumer 
franchise across premium segments. 
I am also pleased to share that during the quarter Rampur Indian Single 
Malt became the only Indian spirits brand to be served on Air India 
First and Business Class international flights. This is a moment of pride 
for us as an Indian brand carrying Indian craftsmanship, heritage and 
excellence to global consumers and a strong validation of the growing 
stature of Indian spirits on the world stage. 
Looking ahead, our confidence is supported by strong forward 
visibility, a robust balance sheet, a stable cost environment, improving 
mix and a pipeline of brands and extensions that align well with 
evolving consumer preferences. We remain focused on disciplined 
growth, capital efficiency and building brands that endure. With a 
differentiated portfolio, an execution-driven organization and a clear 
premiumization-led strategy, we are well-positioned to sustain 
momentum and deliver consistent, profitable growth in the next 
quarter and the year ahead. 
With that, I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO, Dilip 
Banthiya, for a detailed review of our financial and operational 
performance. Thank you. Over to you, Dilip. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on this call 
today.  
Q3 FY26 was a strong quarter with encouraging operating 
performance, translating into higher profitability and improved return 
ratios. The results reflect the combined impact of premiumization, 
scale 
benefits, 
input cost 
stability 
and 
disciplined 
financial 
management. 
During the quarter, we delivered a strong all-round performance with 
the highest-ever total IMFL volume of 9.75 million cases, reflecting 
16.7% year-on-year growth. Prestige & Above category, excluding the 
royalty brands, continued its steady upward trajectory, recording 26% 
volume growth and 29% value growth, with realizations improving by 
2.8% on year-on-year basis. 
Our regular category volume grew by 33% in the quarter. The change 
in route to market in Andhra Pradesh was a key driver of this rebound, 

 
 
 
 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
supported by agile execution, strengthened brand availability. Our 
performance in Andhra Pradesh has been encouraging with our 
market share increasing from over 15% in Q3 of last year to 26% in the 
quarter gone by, making us the leading player in the state. 
On profitability front, Gross margin during the quarter was 46.9%, 
representing a 350 bps expansion on year-on-year basis, 290 bps 
expansion on quarter-on-quarter basis. Gross margin improved on 
YoY basis due to an improved raw material scenario, coupled with 
ongoing premiumization. Raw material accounted for 225 bps of gross 
margin expansion during the quarter as compared to last year Q3. We 
remain optimistic that ENA and grain prices will stay stable to favorable 
in the near-term, providing continued margin support. 
Our A&SP investment were at 6.9% of IMFL revenues, compared to 
5.5% in Q3 FY25. While quarterly variations are expected due to the 
campaign timing, we continue to guide for A&SP spending in the range 
of 6-8% to sustain strong brand visibility and growth. 
EBITDA margin expanded by 300 bps on year-on-year basis to 17.2%. 
Turning to the balance sheet. Our net debt reduced by Rs. 209 crores 
since March 2025, driven by improved profitability. Our balance sheet 
remains strong, and we are on well track to become debt-free by FY27. 
The Board of Directors has approved setting up a 100% wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Company in Scotland. This is in line with our strategy 
of investing in our Malt capabilities. Radico Khaitan is one of the largest 
importers of vatted malt spirits, and this step is towards securing 
access to the matured malt supply chain for distillation and maturation 
in a cost-effective manner. 
Capital allocation continues to be prudent and selective. Our ongoing 
capex is largely directed towards maintenance capex and essential 
capacity optimization. 
Looking ahead, while we remain mindful of external volatility, the 
current cost environment, operating leverage benefits, and financial 
discipline provide comfort on margin sustainability and cash flow 
generation. 
Our 
focus 
remains 
on 
improving 
profitability, 
strengthening the balance sheet, and enhancing returns. 
With this, we will now open the line for Q&A. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Congrats on great performance. My first question is apart from Andhra 
market, where you highlighted market share gains and very strong 
absolute performance, which other markets, either you have grown 
faster than the company average, and you have gained market share, 
either of these? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
I think our growth has come from basically everywhere except 
Maharashtra, the major states where we have grown would be 
Andhra, Uttar Pradesh, Telangana, then Rajasthan, MP, Haryana. 
These would be the markets where we have grown faster. 
Abneesh Roy: 
On the two specific states which you mentioned, in UP, if you could 
comment if in the country liquor, is there any increase in competition? 
And second, in Telangana, some of the other companies have 
mentioned that in Q3, there was some adverse impact of route-to-
market change. So, what have you seen in these two markets?  
Abhishek Khaitan: 
So, as far as UP, the country liquor segment goes, actually there is 
competition everywhere, but at Radico, we have got the highest 
volume and highest market share as far as the country liquor segment 
goes. And to the second question about Telangana, there was a lottery 
which was done in the month of December. So, October, November, 
the sales were slow, but December, it was a bumper sale for everyone. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Entire quarter, how was it in Telangana? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Entire quarter, it was a mid-single digit growth, about 5% to 6%. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Understood. Now, last question, we are seeing most of the liquor 
companies see good expansion in gross margins, which is a good 
development. But, in the past, if we see such good periods of gross 
margin expansion, have you seen some of the players become a bit 
more competitive, a bit more focused on market share? I understand 
ad spends, everyone will see an increase, that is not a problem. But 
from a pricing perspective, is there a risk that in some markets, some 
players might become more aggressive? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
We feel alcohol is more of a luxury / lifestyle product, it is more of a 
brand. So, by cutting prices, the brands are not built. And as far as 
Radico is concerned, we do not chase volumes. So, we prefer to build 

 
 
 
 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
brands, which always pays off in the longer run. So, we are not seeing 
any kind of such activities. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure, thanks. That is all from my side. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Hi, good evening and congratulations on excellent results again. So, I 
just had three questions. One was on 8PM [Premium] Black. So, this 
has been a brand that did extremely well for us and then we saw it 
slow down a little bit last year, seems to have kind of picked up in terms 
of growth again. So, if you could just highlight any changes that you 
made in the brand, in the packaging, blend, is it just increased 
distribution expansion and just an outlook, do you see increased 
market share gains in that price point segment now? You also have 
After Dark there. So, just some sense on 8PM Premium Black and its 
trajectory. That is my first question. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
8PM Premium Black, we have gone for a packaging change. Gradually, 
we have extended to all the states now. And in fact, last quarter, the 
brand did extremely well; it grew by 40% and overall, we have been in 
plus this year. And now it is back into a growth trajectory. And as far 
as After Dark goes, it has grown very well; for the quarter, we have 
grown again at 40%, and for the entire year, it is up by 80%. So, I think 
both the brands are on the right trajectory right now. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. The second thing was on the Scotland subsidiary. So, could you 
just explain a little bit about how this helps in terms of your 
procurement and what benefits you get out of this as well as whether 
there is any investment required in this one? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As you know we are one of the largest importers of the matured malt 
spirits from Scotland. Our focus is on malt-based alcohol and malt-
based whiskies, so, this is the first step in that direction as we are 
procuring more and more matured malt spirits. There are various 
options available, buying of fresh malt there, maturing it there, 
exchanging the malt, and if need be, there will be future investing in 
malt distillery.  
Harit Kapoor: 
Will there be any initial investment required there or you are just going 
to figure this out as time progresses? 

 
 
 
 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, I think we are starting in a very small way, but in due course of time, 
as the value creations happen, we will look at using the 100% 
subsidiary. And in ODI route, we do not have any issue. But, as time 
progresses, we will come out with our investing strategy, what we want 
to do with that. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And last question was you have seen a host of new initiatives in 
P&A in the last six to 12 months. When we look at say next 12 to 15 
months going forward, apart from the D’YAVOL investment and likely 
outcome of that over the next few quarters, whenever that happens, 
do we see that it is going to be more investment in what we have done 
so far over the last six to 12 months, you have done a lot and are trying 
to kind of expand distribution for these new initiatives, focus there or 
you think there is, at least in the next 12 to 15 months, there is more 
scope for filling white spaces, adding new variants and stuff like that? 
So, my short question is it kind of consolidation and distribution 
expansion for our recent new initiatives, is the way to look at kind of 
P&A over the next 12 to 15 months rather than a host of new things 
which we have done over the last six months? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Harit, this is a very good question. Like, if you have seen the last two 
to three years, the kind of brands we have launched, starting from our 
latest two brands which are the [Rampur 1943] Virasat Indian Single 
Malt, our the Spirit of Kashmyr Vodka, then even Kohinoor Rum, 
Sangam, and the Morpheus Whiskey, I think these are very powerful 
brands and if I see them five years down the line, they will be really big 
brands hopefully. So, I think the time is where Radico with its 
distribution, in the next two years, is going to take it to all India and 
concentrate on the building distribution of these brands. Because 
these all brands are apart from Morpheus, they are in the luxury space 
and we feel there is a huge potential which we can harness what we 
did with our Jaisalmer Indian Craft Gin which now commands more 
than 50% of market share in the luxury gin space. So, I think what you 
have rightly said, this is the consolidation apart from the regular 
portfolio, we are going to spread and focus on our distribution on 
these. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Fantastic. Wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Thank you, Harit. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan from Choice Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Karan: 
Hello, sir. Congrats on a great set of numbers. So, I have seen Royal 
Ranthambore being available here in Gymkhana as an on-trade kind 
of exercise. Could you throw some more color on what we are doing 
as part of increasing our on-trade, and what is the current percentage 
of on-trade versus off-trade? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
If you see about a year and a half back we said that we have to really 
work hard on our on-trade part because now we have got the luxury 
brands. So, in fact, in the last one and a half years, we have really 
beefed up our on-trade team. We have recruited from all the 
institutions, etc., We have been close to about 50 to 70 people on the 
on-trade side. And we have addressed bars, clubs, and everything. So, 
I think that is where the future of these luxury brands is there. And 
what we are seeing, there is a huge visibility which we have achieved. 
Like even in the airport, if you see 70%-80% of the outlets carry our 
brands now. So, I think on-trade, we have worked very hard and we 
have got great results there. On-trade would be about close to 6%-7% 
of our total sales now. 
Karan: 
Okay. 6%-7%. That is great. So, there were also offers. Do we plan on 
continuing with offers? And is these offers like buy-one-get-one 
included in our A&SP or is that above our revenue line? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
So, it is a part of our A&SP. So, on-trade has lot many activities. So, it is 
all a part of the A&SP. 
Karan: 
Okay. Thank you so much. I will get back to you later. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Het Raichura from Ananya 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Het Raichura: 
Congratulations on the set of numbers, sir. I would like to know the 
update on the Tequila category. So, what kind of margins are we 
looking at and what kind of revenues can we expect in the coming 
quarters? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
As you know, Tequila is a high-margin business. But the volumes, it will 
take time because it is a growing category in India. So, margins will be 
quite healthy in that. 
Het Raichura: 
Okay. Any numbers that you would like to put on? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
We would not like to comment on the margin number for the Tequila. 
Het Raichura: 
Okay. Congratulations and thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilabja Dey from Ashmore 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Nilabja Dey: 
First of all, congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir, there is a 
news specifically in the leading newspapers, that alcohol companies 
are facing issues in collections in Telangana and also some operational 
challenges after this new excise policy. Obviously, the second one is 
not new in Maharashtra. But in Telangana, there is a collection issue 
and the government is not releasing money. Is there any 
improvement, can you just throw some light on how the things are 
panning out? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
The collection issue has been going on for the last two years. In fact, in 
the last one to two months, we have got payment out of the old 
outstanding, and hopefully, the entire old outstanding should be 
cleared within a month. So, I think we are quite hopeful things should 
improve. 
Nilabja Dey: 
Okay. And Maharashtra, sir, after this new excise thing, the country 
liquor is getting traction and the premium ones are getting some 
issues. So, is there any normalization of the stuff? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
What has happened in Maharashtra is they have introduced this 
Maharashtra Made Liquor, MML, which can be catered by only the 
local companies who have a Maharashtrian as a partner or an 
ownership origin. So, what has happened is the MRPs have been 
raised from the regular range to Rs. 200-plus for a nip bottle. So, the 
industry in Q3 has declined by close to about 20%. But the 
Maharashtra Made Liquor is slowly gaining pace. And I think the total 
market size of Maharashtra will be about 2.4 million cases per month, 
which is down to about 1.8 million cases, and Maharashtra Made 
Liquor is now right now 4 to 5 lakh cases. 
Nilabja Dey: 
Okay, sir. Thanks for the clarification. All the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin from Emkay. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I would like to continue with the previous 
participant’s question. I just wanted to have some clarity around what 
the stance is with respect to the court allowing all the companies 
participate in MML, so, are we also looking to participate under our JV? 
That is the first question. 

 
 
 
 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Actually, in this month only, we are going to launch our MML through 
our joint venture that is RNV, and we should be in the market this 
month onwards. 
Nitin: 
Okay. That is heartening to know. Second question pertains to like with 
respect to the raw material setting, first is around the scotch prices. 
Are they inflationary? How we are placed with the scotch price? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
I do not know about being inflationary because if you see all the news 
articles, it is saying that there is a sea of scotch which is available in 
Scotland, there is a glut. So, I think we are seeing a price decline in fact 
in the scotch prices. And there is enough of Scotch which is there. So, 
we are seeing softening of prices. 
Nitin: 
So, this is good. And in terms of like just wanted to have some 
perspective around this banqueting market like where we have 
wedding parties, corporate events. So, how material is this segment 
for the overall AlcoBev sector? And how are we placed in this segment 
since we have the full portfolio available with us now? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
This is one of our key focus areas now. And in the last one and a half 
years, we have really beefed up our team and we are addressing this 
part of the segment since we have our portfolio and we have got 
substantial gains from it. More important is that you must be seen in 
these banquets, these parties, etc., which creates a brand. So, I think 
this is one of the biggest focus areas of Radico right now. 
Nitin: 
And how material would be the contribution for the industry? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
I would not say the contribution. As I said, on trade combining these 
banquets, etc., would be in the range of about 6-7%. So, more than the 
volumes, it is more the imagery and more being seen at these places 
and sampling. 
Nitin: 
My last question pertains to this luxury portfolio. So, would you be able 
to quantify what the salience of revenue is for the nine months? Thank 
you. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, last year we got Rs. 340 crores and this year we should be close 
to about Rs. 500 crores in revenue terms. 
Nitin: 
Okay, thanks a lot and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Kundu from Antique 
Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Congratulations, sir, on a very strong set of numbers. My first question 
was on Andhra. You have outperformed, increased your market share 
sequentially and which is, I believe, has been driven by brandy. So, 
getting into the next year, how do you see the overall scenario there, 
because the market share gains have been very consistent and has 
been going up, how do you see that market growing for you, in the 
sense that, because sustaining that kind of growth on this kind of base 
would be challenging, how do you see that? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes, Andhra has been a very good market for us as of now. And what 
we have seen is the premium side of the portfolio has also started 
increasing in the last two, three months, which we feel should gain 
traction, which should be very good for Radico. And as far as the 
brandy goes, where we have a lion’s share at the regular segment, I 
think going forward, we will be happy if we can maintain our market 
share and participate in how the industry grows there. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Okay. And in case of your debt levels, those have been coming down 
consistently. Over what period do you plan to, I mean, repay majority 
of that? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
If you see, our debt is hardly anything which is left now. So, that is least 
of our concern. But I think the kind of cash flow the company is 
throwing, by next year, FY27, we will be debt-free. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Great. The third question is, you have now created a subsidiary in 
Scotland. So, I mean, acquisition of Scottish breweries, distilleries, all 
of that would be a part of this, right, because there are a lot of Scottish 
breweries, distilleries there, which could be on the block, so, obviously, 
those would be your target, right? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, as Dilip was saying that we are one of the largest buyers of bulk 
Scotch, and our premium portfolio is growing, the need of Scotch is 
going to go up. And also we are seeing a decrease in the prices of 
Scotch, because there is an oversupply. A lot of distilleries are getting 
closed. So, that is why we created a subsidiary, so that we will be 
evaluating, but we are not in a hurry. But we have taken a enabling 
provision by making company, whether we mature malt out there, we 
buy directly, or if there is something which is available at a very, very 
good price, which has the inventory of Scotch, not brand. So, we can 
look at it, but as of now, nothing is on the cards. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Okay, sir. Thanks. That is it from my side. Congrats again. 

 
 
 
 
 
12 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naveen Trivedi from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Naveen Trivedi: 
Yes, good evening, everyone, and congratulations on a very strong set 
of numbers. Sir, just a couple of things from my side. In terms of the 
P&A volume growth there has been consistent kind of a strong delivery 
despite we have seen other players have not kind of seen this sort of 
a growth rate. Any color about the market where we have seen ahead 
of what we kind of reporting the numbers, to get a sense about which 
of the markets we are kind of gaining share? So, that is the first 
question, and the second question is on the margin side. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
To answer your first question… already we have answered the same 
where we said that we have seen market share increases compared to 
competition in states like Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, MP, Haryana, 
Telangana, all these places. 
Naveen Trivedi: 
Sir, my next question was on the margin side. So, this quarter we have 
seen both gross margin and EBITDA margin have seen plus 300 sort of 
a kind of expansion. So, what is the outlook on the gross margin side 
and EBITDA margin side for next year? And also in terms of margins, 
how mix is playing the role and how much RM cost is being supported 
this quarter, sir, if you have any break-up. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, the gross margin in this quarter has improved by 350 basis points. 
It is a combination of softer raw material scenario where we have had 
an improvement in margin of around 225 basis points, and the 
premiumization and product mix has been 125 basis points margin 
improvement. On a sequential basis, product premiumization has 
played a key role where the margin has improved by more than 250 
basis points. The 200 basis points are on account of the product 
premiumization, and 50-60 basis points are on account of the raw 
material softening. 
Naveen Trivedi: 
Sir, any comments on the outlook side? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
We see the scenario of raw material to be stable to benign. And I think 
the upward trajectory, as we guided earlier, also that in the next two 
years, we are going to improve our margin based on our product 
profile and premiumization happening, by 125 basis points each for 
next two years, thereby going to late teen kind of margin. 
Naveen Trivedi: 
Yes, sure sir. That is all for my side. 

 
 
 
 
 
13 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jasdeep from Clockvine Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jasdeep: 
Hi sir. Thanks for taking my question. Sir, what have been the trends 
on the export front in the nine months, what is exports as a percentage 
of sales and by how much has it grown over the last nine months? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Well, as a percentage of the overall business, the volume is about 5% 
and the revenue is about 8%. And we have been having a steady 
growth in our export business, both in terms of the luxury portfolio as 
well as the regular portfolio. We are also focusing a lot on the global 
travel retail and that is a key market expansion or channel expansion 
that we foresee in the coming years. 
Jasdeep: 
Got it. And sir, what has been the growth in revenues in the last nine 
months in exports? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
It has been consistent. So, we are happy with that. 
Jasdeep: 
Got it, sir. And what is the composition of exports in terms of the 
contribution of P&A to the overall exports revenue? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, we give a composite number; it is 7.5-8% by value and 5% by 
volume. 
Jasdeep: 
Thank you, sir. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Awasthi from InCred 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Hello, sir. A broader question from my side. About a decade ago, if you 
would sit down with any liquor company which would have aspiration 
and ask about the end goal, asset acquisition, at the end, finally, you 
would end up with a distillery in Scotland being a must for any 
company in India and Indian company to do well. However, over a 
period of time, we saw Japanese whisky is doing very well with 
Japanese malts and of course, Indian malts itself doing very well. Then 
it seemed like that Scottish distillation and malt unit was no more a 
requirement for Indian brands or Indian companies to succeed. Is 
there a misread in this assumption of mine or is that a very, very big 
requirement still even after the success of Indian malts? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
This is an interesting question. Like earlier, if you talk about wine, it 
would be only France. But now you see wines coming from all the 
regions across the globe. In fact, the new age wines are somewhere 

 
 
 
 
 
14 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
much better than maybe the old age wine. So, same thing like in the 
malt that you see, earlier it was the Scottish malts and now the 
Japanese malts are more expensive than the Scottish malts, in fact, 
Indian malts are becoming more expensive than even the Scottish 
malts as of now. So, I think the trend is changing and more importantly 
is people across the globe, people in India want a different taste and a 
different experience. And malt has its unique character where every 
country has a different kind of palette to their malt. So, I think it is now 
kind of a global phenomenon. You no longer have to be in Scotland to 
have the right malt. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood, sir. Thanks to this phenomenon that has taken place in 
the last decade within Japan, in India, would probably be the reason 
for the supply or the glut being there increasing in Scotland, having the 
pressure on the prices of the said malts because they had naming 
rights on their malt. They were the only guys who could call it scotch, 
nobody else could. Everything else was still called malt. Since because 
of that reason, it would be the reason of the price correction that these 
guys would have seen. So the current move, if any, should be seen as 
an opportunistic move rather than the play of Scottish malts still being 
the premium brand to go to, is that understanding correct? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
It is a yes and a no. To some extent, 100% of what you are saying is 
right. The malts from India, malts from Japanese, even Taiwan, a lot of 
countries, they have got their own malts, but Japanese and Indian 
malts have really done well. And second is there is a slowdown in US, 
Europe and China, which has further added pain to the scotch 
industry. So I think it is a combination of all the activities where it is a 
great opportunity because for the existing brand, when you are using 
the X kind of malt, you get that price advantage. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood, sir. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anurag Jain, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Jain: 
Good evening, sir. Congratulations on an excellent set of numbers. My 
question is, till now, Radico has developed all the brands in-house 
across different categories within the spirit segment. For Tequila, you 
have taken a markedly different approach in terms of how to tap the 
market. So, what are the reasons driving the trend, if you could throw 
some light on that? 

 
 
 
 
 
15 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
First of all, Radico has created all the brands organically. So even in 
Tequila, it will be our brand which will be created organically, bottled 
in Mexico. So, in Radico, we are following the same policy because we 
know the art of creating brands and we always prefer to build versus 
buy. So, I think we are following the same thing in Tequila also. 
Anurag Jain: 
Okay, sir. As per the press release, it shows that Radico will be holding 
a 47.5% stake. So, is there some other arrangement for the brand 
ownership or that would be also 47.5% only currently? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
This is a joint venture between Radico Khaitan, 47.5%, 47.5% is with 
Shah Rukh Khan and his associates and 5% is with Nikhil Kamath. 
Anurag Jain: 
Alright. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet: 
Thanks for the follow-up. My question was on Morpheus Whiskey. I 
believe it is now available across eight states. So, how has been the 
initial response to it? And to follow up, you would be also registering it 
with the CSD at some point in time. When do you see that, I mean, 
what are the plans with that? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
As far as Morpheus goes, it is right now at the seeding stage and the 
initial response what we are getting is quite positive. We have priced it 
higher than the leading brands. So, it is at a higher price point which 
Radico has always done with all its brands. So, I think the response 
what we are getting from the market is encouraging. It will take time, 
because as we said, we do not chase volumes, we let the brand grow 
on its own, and we feel that it has good potential. And as far as the CSD 
goes, it is still a long way off to get into CSD, because you have a lot of 
criteria about the number of years it has to be in the civil market, sales 
in cases, then it takes one year to come in. So, I think there is still time 
left for it to enter the CSD. 
Abhijeet: 
Okay, sir. Thanks. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajay Thakur from Anand Rathi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Yes, I had two questions. First was I wanted to understand more on 
the contribution run rate that we have from the super-premium and 
the luxury segment? I remember a few quarters back, you had 

 
 
 
 
 
16 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
indicated that the run rate was roughly about Rs. 400 to 500 crores on 
an annual basis for the super-premium and the luxury brands. What it 
would be now if you can share some details around the same? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Actually, we have already told in our call that we expect it to be close 
to Rs. 500 crores for the current year, which last year was Rs. 340 
crores. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Okay. And the second part, I wanted to also understand a bit more on 
what would be the policy for the cash we would be generating post the 
debt repayment, how would we be utilizing this cash and how would 
we be in terms of distribution of this cash as well, if you can share 
some insights into that as well? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
I think depending on the board’s decision, but I think mostly it will be 
used for dividend payouts. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Understood. Quite helpful. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over 
to you, sir. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
In closing, this quarter underscores the strength and momentum of 
Radico Khaitan’s business model. Record operating performance, 
expanding margins, improving returns and strong cash generation 
highlight the quality and durability of our growth. With a differentiated 
portfolio, disciplined financial execution and a robust balance sheet, 
we are well positioned to sustain this momentum and continue 
delivering consistent, profitable growth. We remain highly confident in 
the road ahead and committed to creating long-term value for all our 
stakeholders. Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to 
connecting again next quarter. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
*** 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability.  
For more information, please contact:  
Saket Somani 
Senior Vice President – Finance & Strategy 
somanis@radico.co.in | +91 11 4097 5403 
