 
February 5, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Services, 
Piroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
 
Re: 
Security 
BSE 
NSE 
ISIN 
Equity Shares  
532313 
MAHLIFE 
INE813A01018
  
Sub:
 
 
 
Ref: 
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call - Regulations 30 & 46 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
 
Intimation of earnings call vide letter dated January 28, 2026, and Outcome 
and audio / video recording of earnings conference call dated February 2, 
2026  
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
In compliance with Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings call for the 
third quarter and nine months ended on December 31, 2025 (“Financial Results”), held on 
Monday, February 2, 2026, with several Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds. The transcript 
includes list of management attendees and the dialogues including but not limited to the 
Questions & Answers. 
 
The text transcript and audio / video recordings of the Q3FY26 earnings call are also uploaded 
on the website of the Company at the weblink: https://www.mahindralifespaces.com/investor-
center/?category=earnings-conference-call 
 
No Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared / discussed by the Company during 
the earnings call. 
 
 
 

 
This intimation will also be uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed at 
weblink: https://www.mahindralifespaces.com/investor-center/?category=material-disclosure-
intimation  
 
For Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
 
Bijal Parmar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
BIJAL 
BHARAT 
PARMAR
Digitally signed by 
BIJAL BHARAT 
PARMAR 
Date: 2026.02.05 
17:50:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited Q3 FY25-26 
Investor Meet” 
 
February 2, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: Mr. Amit Sinha - MD and CEO, MAHINDRA 
LIFESPACE DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
 
Mr. Sriram Kumar – CFO, MAHINDRA LIFESPACE 
DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
 
 

 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
Feb 2, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 9 
Moderator: 
Good evening, everyone. We are here for Q3 update for the Mahindra Lifespace Developers 
Limited. We are presenting the investor presentation for the quarter ending December 25, for 
financial year 25-26. Now, I will hand over to our CFO and our CEO, Mr. Amit Sinha, to take 
you through the Q3 journey of Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited.  
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Yes. So this is Amit. I think and I'll request Sriram. So, as you know, last quarter, Sriram was 
still coming on board to the full CFO role. So, this is the first quarter where he is taking over 
the full CFO. So, he'll be jumping on separately.  Meanwhile, I will take you through the short 
presentation. So, can you just go to the next slide? Okay. Just a second, okay. Hopefully, you 
can see the screen. Can you go to the next slide? We press okay on that. I won't spend too 
much time on this.  
This is the strategy part. We don't have many changes to it, but the only point to note is our 
GDV addition is roughly 47,000 crore, which is being executed. Rest of the elements of our 
strategy stay consistent with the past discussions. Let me share a quick update on our overall 
business.  First and foremost, I think, on the residential side. We have reported a pre- sale of 
572 crores. We are at roughly 1773-1800 crore in the nine-month period. We've had some very 
successful launches this year so far, New Haven in Bangalore, Marina, 64, in Mumbai, Citadel 
in Pune and Lakewood's in Chennai. There have been successful launches. Sustenance sales 
have contributed significant part to our sales so far, Vista in Kandivali, Ivy Lush in Pune, 
Wagholi, Citadel in Pune and Green Estates in Chennai. They have given us a significant part 
of our pre-sales this year. We also had a very successful launch of Mahindra Blossom, in 
Hopefarm, Bengaluru.  I'll share the details and highlights later in the presentation. It's not yet 
counted. It's not counted in Q3 because the launch only happened last weekend, but it's been 
very successful for us and Q4 launches, I think we got in Mahalakshmi and Bhandup in the 
last, to the finish line. I think the last bit of approval on the RERA side, etc. are being filed as 
we speak. We will hopefully get the RERA in the next, next few days. I'm not sure how much 
of the presale will recognize in this quarter, but it will set us up well for the next quarter.  
On the execution side, there is a lot of momentum. BD continues to be strong. There has been 
a concerted effort from us over the last couple of years. The GDV addition for this year so far 
is 10,600 crores, which is solid. We have very strong progress on EC for most of the projects. 
As you know, in the last six months or five months have become a requirement before we can 
get RERA. So that's why some of the RERA launches are delayed. But it's a one-time 
correction. Future will automatically get adjusted to the new requirements. We have also 
achieved quite a number of OCs. Overall six OCs we have received in the last 45 days. Some 
are captured in our 31st December quarter and there are 2 or 3, 3 are captured before 31st 
December and 3 are after, but most of the valuable ones are captured in December quarter. 
And given our discussion about de-risking execution. We've also continued to invest, in 
partnering with tier 1, 1.5 vendors, especially for Core and Shell and bigger part of the project.  
Significant investment has been made on the employee side, culture side, training side and 
culture creation side.  
On the IC side, we see strong leasing activity in Jaipur and Chennai.  These are the places 
where we have good amount of land that is coming for availability. The realization has been 
quite good, better than what we expected at the start of the year. That shows the robustness in 
the demand in the economy. In the industrial demand, we received the origins 2A, if you recall, 
almost a year back, we shared the details of our partner, our extension of our partnership with 
Sumitomo that has now been approved, which allows us to bring to market almost 125 plus 
acres of land for leasing. We are also trying to bring other locations to market, such as 
Ahmedabad. I think we are, hopefully we'll start sharing some updates, as we get all the 
clearances, all the approvals and the leasing activity picks up in that area.  
Overall financials, nine months consolidated residential and IC sales combined, that 2125 
crores, strong PAT delivery of 208 crores so far.  I think for this quarter, it was 109 crores. So, 
it's a very healthy quarter supported by some of the successful OCs and also a strong IC 
performance. Collections have been strong for the residential, 1472 crores. And ever since we 
did our rights issue earlier in the year, our balance sheet continues to be quite healthy, quite 
conservative. Net debt to equity ratio of -0.12. So, we have more cash available, and cost of 
debt is at a very, I would say, competitive level at 6.7%. Obviously, it includes CPs as well as 
other ICDs etc. that we have. So, it's a low amount of debt and whatever debt we have is, is at 
a very competitive rate. If you can move forward?  

 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
Feb 2, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 9 
I think you've seen a variant of this slide. This is everything that we have done, this year.  I 
think, the latest one is the extreme right column, which is a new society redevelopment, cluster 
redevelopment. It's roughly 1000 crore. The name of the society, Lokmanya Tilak Nagar, very 
premium location, very well connected to the Eastern Highway. And I would say, near Shivaji 
Park, great location. And we are very excited to have won this mandate to pursue this society.  
Going forward, this captures the year to date as well as inception to date in terms of the GDP.  
As you can see, current inventory as of 31st December, Blossom is included as inventory, 
roughly 1800 crore would be included in that, from Blossom. We have Vista, Ivy Lush, 
Citadel, New Haven, Green estate, Nestalgia. They are small, but the first four are quite big. In 
fact, the biggest is Blossom and that gets consumed significantly in this quarter.  
Part B is future phases of current projects. Citadel phase 3, which is quite large. Citadel 
Commercial, another big one. Marina 64 is the plot, which is expecting the RERA anytime, 
Lakewood's and others together. That's a 2600 crore and then pipeline projects. Which are yet 
to be launched, capture long list all the way from Santacruz West, which is West era,  all the 
way to Matunga, which is the recent win that we have. And then some of the other strategic 
projects, which are Jaipur and Murud, that have significant potential. But yet, we have not 
given them full value because we need to first get them moving, and then we'll extract full 
value through design and execution.  
So overall, 47,000 crores of GDV, which is with us today. And we only hope that it goes 
forward aggressively. Okay. You have seen this chart before in terms of how we are planning, 
I think this looks good. If I tell you that Mahindra Blossom in the last weekend itself, one 
weekend when we did all the netting, etc., did more than 1000 crores of selling. We have not 
captured that number because that will be in Q4. But if you add that thousand plus crore just 
from one weekend and then add other sustenance sales and the remaining two months of sales 
for even Blossom, I think we are looking at a healthy growth in our sales numbers. The good 
news is that the moment we get approvals, we generally have a very strong sales performance.  
So, given the point I mentioned earlier about EC, if we didn't have the delay, we would have 
seen many more RERA launches with significant time for us to, prime the market and convert 
into sales. So Blossom has happened.  Marina64, is happening right as we speak, hopefully 
anytime and then Beacon Hill and Bhandup will happen hopefully later part of this quarter. But 
the impact might be coming in the Q1 of or next financial year. Yes. Go ahead.  
Our march towards 10K vision stays healthy and you’ve seen the GDV, 47,000 crores. But this 
phase lays out, how we are thinking about our projects and how they fit into our 10,000 crore 
journey, 9500 coming from Residential business, 500 coming from IC business. And we had; 
we have a few holes to fill. I think slowly we are filling all those, all those holes as well and 
our goal is not to, not to wait for these years to convert them into sales like Matunga and 
Chembur, in a lot of effort are already underway to move them by at least a year. So, hoping 
that, we achieve our aspiration sooner than later.  
Go ahead. I see business continues to be very healthy. We are quite pleasantly surprised with 
the buoyancy in the business. It's just an example, OC2A took almost a year for us to get all 
the approval and everything, but, looking at the demand, I think, we have sold almost 50% of 
we have already done LOI for almost 50% of that in the, in the 30 days. And obviously, they 
were in the pipeline for a long time. But there is a lot of demand for strategic industrial 
clusters. And we have the inventory at the right place, and there is a lot of preference for our 
kind of industrial parks. Then the competition, so we see tremendous growth in that. We 
expect that business to continue to grow at a healthy rate, even in quarter four, given the 
pipeline that we have. Right? So it's good, good traction we are getting in our industrial 
business. I'll share more update at the quarter… after the quarter 4. So, we'll have full visibility 
of how the performance is going to be for this financial year.  
Go ahead. On this page, it shows that, you know, many of our peers in this industry have 
plotted, which gives them short-term profitability, given the accounting rules that benefit 
plotted. For us, IC business is the plotted, its industrial plot, not residential plots. So slightly 
different, but it shows you how much gross area and net leasable area we have which can be 
monetized, similar to the plotted that some of our peers have in the residential side. It's not that 
we don't have plotted on the Residential side. We're building that business. But industrial plot 
business gives us tremendous, strong starting point as we, as we look at the overall residential 
plus industrial business rather than industrial alone and residential alone. So good amount of 

 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
Feb 2, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 9 
opportunity to be monetized from our IC business but let me pause here and then request 
Sriram to jump in on the financial side.  
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Thanks Amit. So, on the financial side, at an overall level, we had Q3 residential sales of 572 
crores against 334 crores in the prior year. And for the nine months ended, we had 1773 crore 
against 1749, which reflects, you know, a 2% growth. But as Blossom and the other sales are 
expected to lock in Jan. This number is expected to surpass the prior year numbers. On the IC 
and IC side, the performance continues to be robust.  During the nine-month period, we have 
grown close to 30% and the pipeline looks very strong. We have just unlocked OC2A in 
December 25, and we are already seeing good traction, for leasing in, in our Origins Chennai 
location. So, looking ahead for a good Q4, from the IC side. On the GDV side, we had done 
10,560 crores. This is on the back of 18,100 we did last year. So, the GDV momentum 
continues to be very robust and, you know, we, the additions that we have made so far this 
year, you know, are a good mix of redevelopment, outright transactions, across Mumbai, Pune 
and Bangalore, which are our core markets. The residential collections were at 1472 crores. 
Again, you know, 8% growth over prior year, that said, the OCs that we received in, in 
December, we got it towards the fag end, you know, we will expect to catch up on the 
residential collections in, in Q4 of this year. The balance sheet looks, continues to be healthy 
with negative net debt to equity ratio of 0.12 and the cost of debt, for us, is currently at 6.7%, 
versus 8.9% a year before. So, this is a segment results, which we had started publishing a few 
quarters back.  As you can see, with the OCs coming in the December quarter for the entire 
nine month period, we have a residential PAT of about 43 crores. The Q3 residential PAT was 
almost 64 crores, which is, which is a reflection of the OC, you know, that we received, which 
is primarily in Eden phase 1, Nestalgia, phase 1, and our project in Chennai Happinest, those 
got the OCs and, the profitability reflects a decent portion of how profitable these projects are. 
And effectively, the IC business continues to be very robust. You can see there has been an 
increase in the acreage leased from 47 to 53 crores, but more importantly, the realization has 
also been high, and the EBITDA margins and the PAT margins from the IC business continue 
to trend up with solid leasing activity across Jaipur and Chennai.  
On the cash flow side, for the nine months ended, we did operating cash flows of roughly 558 
crores.  There was investing and financing cash flow as well of 250 crores. So overall, we 
ended with 724 crores of closing balance. And it includes the transactions that we had done for 
the nine months ending December 25.  
This is one slide we added, you know, based on the discussions we've had with you in the past. 
So we brought it back in to show the cash flow potential from our existing GDV, existing 
projects. It says, it's about 13,065 crores. The big disclaimer is, it does not include any Thane, 
Pink and Murud as yet. If we include that, we could add another, you know, roughly 3000 
crores.  
Mr. Amit Sinha:  
Pink is Jaipur.  
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Pink is Jaipur, Jaipur residential.  
Mr. Amit Sinha:  
I think, for the next meeting, we'll add Thane as we are in advanced stage of design and whole 
planning phase. So we'll include that. 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Actually! So on the P&L side, for the quarter ended, we did about 109 crores of PAT and for 
the quarter, comparing this against the last quarter, which was about 48 crores. In Q3 last year 
was -23 crores. So overall, for the nine months ended, we did 208 crores against -24 crores for 
the same nine months period last year.  
Moving on to the balance sheet, as we did the rights issue in Q1 of this year, the net worth 
reflects the equity portion of the rights issue. The use of proceeds of the rights issue was to pay 
down the long-term debt, which we had done over 918 crores has been completely paid out. 
And  on the inventory side, you would see that the inventory has gone up from 4400 to almost 
5600 crores. This reflects the new projects that we have added. We also had, luminaire, which 
actually became a 100% subsidiary this year. So that also got added to our inventory, in this, in 
this quarter. So overall, looking healthy with our, you know, with our balance sheet position. 
Yes. I think, with that, we will sort of open it up for questions. 
 

 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
Feb 2, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 9 
QUESTION & ANSWER SESSION 
Mr. Sriram Kumar:  
I think, we'll take Parikshit’s question first.  So, he was asking about the response for Blossom, 
which I think we addressed. He is asking on GDV launches and sold, the amount we sold for 
Blossom and on the GDV, we had said, we had already done 10,600 crores for the nine months 
ended, where are we likely to end up in FY 26? And when is Marina, 64, getting launched? 
That's the other question.  
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Yes. So, let's start with the bottom Marina 64. At any time now, Parikshit, I think, it's been 
through the RERA approval process for a few days now.  There are some questions that came 
up.  We have addressed them, most of them. So, we're expecting any time. So should we, 
should we, maybe, let’s say, a week to ten days is what I'm hoping. So, Marina 64, but plot B 
and C is in healthy shape. We've captured that sales already in our presales number. So that's 
one.   
Second is GDV.  I think we don't, as we've spoken in the past, we don't have a GDV target per 
se. I think we want it to be healthy, so that our 10,000 crore journey is viable, is likely to 
happen in a predictable manner.  I think we have gotten quite close to that from our portfolio. 
Now how can we get the right GDV that gives us a right mix of geographic spread, right mix 
of great locations where projects are quite successful. Fortunately, we have got a large number 
of deals coming our way given some of the traction we have gotten with playing in the market 
in the right way. When we don't like the deal we say, “No” immediately, when we like the 
deal, we take it to the logical conclusion, and we move fast through it. So, I think many players 
in the industry, landowners, partners prefer that clarity of thought. So, we have good deals to 
choose from. Given the portfolio that we have, the pipeline we have, we will always choose 
deals that will be good deals for us at a great location. So that's a fundamental principle I've set 
for the team, and we have good number of deals. So hopefully, some good deals will close that 
are in the pipeline evaluating, but hopefully at good terms.  
So, that's part one and part two on the same question is, I think we also see a little bit of 
correction, moderation happening, especially on the luxury side. We see a lot happening in the 
NCR region where we are not playing right now, from a sales perspective. So, we also have a 
view that as market slows down a little bit, our strategy is going to work out really well. We 
have a great customer pull because of our brand. We are not trying to play in segment that is 
likely to see significant slowdown. Like affordable you have seen in the last few years, luxury 
might be slowing, mid-premium, premium segment that will continue to have good demand 
and as long as we keep the ticket price, I would say optimal, I will not say the word affordable. 
Optimal, we will continue to have takers for our kind of brand from the organic demand that 
exists with end-users and we always prioritise end-users over channel partners. We want 
customers who are going to live there to buy our homes. I think hopefully that allows us to 
continue to gain momentum and in that context Mahindra Blossom is a shining example. 
We didn't have to do a lot. We started marketing only after we got RERA. In one weekend, we 
did more than thousand crores. Total GDV is Rs. 1,800 crore and I think we continue to 
maintain the momentum at Mahindra Blossom and our goal is not to do a sell-out. I think right 
now we got in good traction, good velocity. Our goal was to sell 50 to 60 % and we have got 
into that level already and we'll see, you know, how the market shapes up, how the, as the 
construction we already have EC, so we'll start the construction immediately and hopefully 
we'll have more appreciation for our customers and a fast execution to OC, even for Blossom. 
So that's a quick answer to all the questions that Parikshit asked, right? Hopefully, right? 
Mr. Sriram Kumar:  
One more question Amit. Generally, you've been asked by everybody. Status on Bhandup. If 
you can highlight about the approval status and how we are looking at launch and also with 
Lokhandwala? 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Yes. So, on Bhandup, I think, positive news. I think concessions have happened, IOD has 
happened now. We have received EC also last week or 10 days back. So, now we have filed 
for CC and then RERA. So, I think it's a question of, CC takes, I think, anywhere from two 
weeks to 20 days and same time for RERA, if everything is aligned. So, we are looking at 
maybe a month, maybe March 10th is the time frame we have, which could be that, you know, 
when we get all the approvals on Bhandup for RERA, for us to launch including RERA. So, 
that's Bhandup. And then Lokhandwala, I think, Lokhandwala is at the design and stage of 
alignment with the societies. I think, it will take some time because it's a marquee location, 

 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
Feb 2, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 9 
marquee project for us. We want to invest enough time to make sure that the designs, planning, 
the approval process etc. is in the right shape. So, maybe in the next meeting when we have, 
I'll give more concrete details of Lokhandwala as a specific project. I think, typically it takes 
anywhere from 15-18 months to 2 years for us to launch society redevelopment project. 
Sometime even longer as we have seen. 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
There are some questions on market. I'll bunch them up. Basically, if we can outline on what, 
how we see the market. Again, if we can also outline the demand, we see by cities in our core 
markets. How do we see the demand going there and any sort of sluggishness that we have 
seen? 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Yes so, I'll give, maybe, I'll make 4-5 points there. The first and foremost is, we look at overall 
inventory overhang, right. Inventory overhang has gone up from roughly 13 months to now 15 
months. So, there is slight slowdown that we have seen compared to last year. But a real 
slowdown in the industry when this number crosses 30 or 36, right. You have 2.5, 3 years 
inventory sitting and the market pickup is low. Right now, we are just over one year which is 
still quite healthy. So, that's point one. So, its slightly inventory overhang is higher. 
Second is, we see slowdown, obviously, we talked about affordable but lately we started to see 
slowdown wherever luxury projects are happening. And I'll give the example of Gurgaon, for 
example. There are very few projects which are like where you can buy a 2 bedroom, 3 
bedroom for Rs.2 crores to Rs. 3 crores, right. Most of the homes are Rs.7, 8, 9, 10 crores plus 
and we see slowdown that's happening in that segment. It will take some time for us to see the 
correction but it's important for us to note that the number of buyers for that size, that ticket 
size, it is not as high as there is from mid-market and premium products. So, we are, when we 
look at the market, we not only look at the units but also look at square foot, we also look at 
the pricing. So, you get a true sense of what's happening. So, the units actually have come 
down but that's not a really bad thing because in Mumbai, for example, the approvals have 
delayed the number of units. In case of most of the, in the past the square foot actually went up 
because many of the places we are launching larger site homes. Obviously, Bangalore, Pune, 
even Delhi Gurgaon to a greater extent and that's why it has a very a big impact on the ticket 
size and we believe that if you get the ticket size wrong, you'll see a sudden change to your 
velocity because people respond to, the price elasticity is not there beyond a point, right. So 
overall, we see a slight slowdown is happening.  
Now in our context because we have tried to be very careful about the segmentation that we 
play. We're not playing in the luxury segment, right, so, we don't see those kinds of headwinds. 
But we have been affected by the slight slowdown on the approval side, right, and as we just 
talked about Bhandup, Mahalakshmi, Navy, they are all slightly slower than we would have 
liked it to be. It should have been a quarter or at least couple of months faster, would have 
given a full year impact. But it's a one-time correction that's happening because of the new 
regulations where EC is a requirement for CC which leads to RERA, but it will get corrected in 
future cycles. So, I think we have been very focused on our strategy with premium to 
premium, great locations, keep the ticket size which is affordable for a big part of that segment 
and make sure that you're able to get great locations because at the end real estate, if you find a 
well-connected great location, you're able to find buyers for it. You're not betting on future 
infrastructure; you're betting on current infrastructure.  
So, my takeaway, from what I just said on the market is, I think, we see some slowdown and 
more in some of the specific segments or specific markets, but we are treading the path very 
carefully, so that we are able to manage our financial goals, our growth goals in a balanced 
way. Blossom, for example, is a project where we not only got the velocity but we also got the 
pricing and some of our peers are the largest players in Bangalore. We are able to get a 
premium even on them. So, I think a good project, good segmentation helps you manage 
through the slowdown because of the overall buoyancy that we see towards corporate brands 
like us. 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Thanks Amit. I think one question on IC. What is the value of potential of the 1520 net 
leasable acres we had announced and what's the period for unlocking the potential and margins 
that we are seeing on the ground; it seems to be?  
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
What was the first question, again? 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Value potential of the 1520 acres, our IC business?  

 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
Feb 2, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
Mr. Amit Sinha:  
1520 acres 
 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
1500 acres. About 5000 to 6000 crores. 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Yes, I think, Yes, so that slide was, it's on average we've used Rs. 3 crores, right? 3 – 3.5 
crores, right? 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Rs. 3.5 crores.  
 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
You want to answer that? 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Yes, so I'll take it. So overall value that we are seeing is about Rs. 5000 to 6000 crores of sales 
for the IC business which covers this 1520 acres. The PAT potential from this is roughly about 
Rs. 1500 crores over a period of time. I think your question was also on the timeline for 
unlocking this potential. In our estimate, we think that this will take about roughly 10 years or 
so. If you see the 1500 acres, roughly half of it is in Jaipur and we also have locations like 
Pune, Ahmedabad and Origins Chennai. 
Origins Chennai Phase 2B is yet to be sort of brought to the market but we are also working on 
Origins Pune and Ahmedabad as well, to sort of bring that into the market. So, overall, that's 
the timeline we are sort of working towards. It could be quicker as well, if the demand 
continues to see good traction. So, Yes, that's the answer to this question.  
Amit, I think, there are some questions on guidance for ‘27 and ’28, if we can give. I think we 
stayed away from… 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
I think, first time we have given a guidance of ‘27 at Rs. 4,500 to 5,000 crores of pre-sales. I 
think, I'll request allow us to deliver this for us to give you the guidance for the next year, 
F’28. I think but our trajectory, we are in the upward trajectory, right. You may need to think 
about if markets slow down significantly but at this time, we're holding our target for next 
financial guidance, for the next financial year between Rs. 4,500 to 5,000 crores. 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
And there is a question from Shaleen from Seers on the risk profitability, and which 
historically has been impacted by the legacy projects. How do we see that tracking over time? 
So, I'll take this. 
On the Resi profitability we saw this quarter we had done about Rs. 63 crores of PAT, 
primarily driven by three critical OCs we received, which is Eden Phase 1, towers A and B. 
Nestalgia Phase 1, towers A and C. And we also had Phase 2 of Happinest Chennai, that also 
we received in December. 
So, all of this has contributed to increase in gross margins from the residential side, which is 
trickling down into the profitability. So, net-net we were at close to almost, you know, 10% of 
margins, which is a good starting point from the Resi perspective. But as we see more and 
more residential projects that come up for completion, so, we have Eden Phase 2, we have a 
few of the other projects coming up, Nestalgia, Alcove, Luminaire. So, all of those are 
expected to contribute to our PAT, continued PAT profitability delivery over time. So that's I 
think, I would, that's where I would kind of say that, it's a good situation to be in with the Resi 
profitability turning positive from the PAT side after a long time. And we with the continued 
OC delivery we expect to, the endeavour is to maintain that, as we go forward.  
But on the IC side, I would say that, that's been a significant contributor and continues to play 
an important role from the overall company's profitability.  
Amit, one question on value of FY’26 launches and value of FY’27 launches. 
I think on the FY’26 launches… 
Mr. Amit Sinha:  
Already you are planned. 
 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Yes, the launch, GDV of the launches that we had. 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
So, if you exclude Mahalakshmi and… 

 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
Feb 2, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 9 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Bhandup. 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Bhandup it will be roughly, how much? 3,000, right? 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Rs. 3,500 crores. 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Rs. 3,500 crores, right? 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Yes. 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Bhandup and Mahalakshmi will get launched this quarter, our estimate. But most of the sales 
impact would be in the next quarter. So, the pre-sales of new launches that we have done this 
financial year would be roughly Rs. 3,500 crores, excluding Bhandup, excluding 
Mahalakshmi. 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
And going into FY’27? 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
It will be somewhere between depending on our success with the launches. But our goal is to 
take it to somewhere between Rs. 5,000 to 7,000 crores, right. Because the Bhandup and 
Mahalakshmi itself would be quite large, depending on the phases and then we'll have a couple 
of other launches to support. 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
One question from Yohan on the Sai Baba Redevelopment update. Any progress and update on 
that and when we are expecting launch from that? 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
I think the launch will be in Quarter 2. Our target is Quarter 2 of next financial year. Most of 
the groundwork has been done. Right now, the concessions are underway. So, that's a big, if 
we can get the approval, it will trigger all the other activities with the society on PAAA and the 
prerequisite plan sanctions towards RERA and the demolition that we'll have to do. So, 
Quarter 2 of next financial year is something that we are shooting for on Sai Baba. 
Concessions are underway. 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
One question related to the recent budget. Are we expected to see any benefit from the CPSC 
real estate monetization? And if so, in what manner?  
So, this is related to the unlocking of the real estate assets of the public sector companies. 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
I think we'll wait. It just came out. I think we need to understand this better, I think, before we 
can comment. Any unlocking of real estate is good, but we're also very much aware of the, you 
know, for us getting the price under control is extremely important. The ticket size under 
control and then that means everything has to work seamlessly on the land prices, on cost of 
construction, labour cost etc. So, we'll wait to understand what land…. what unlocking is 
planned and which cities, where they are and what kind of commercials it will mean for any 
buyer. 
Moderator: 
So, thank you everyone for participating in our…. If you have any other questions… 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
If you have any other questions, please you can type in. 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Guys, there are no questions. This is a generally, it's a shorter, I hope you could hear us well. 
You could see the presentation. If you have any feedback whether it's working or not, this is 
the second time we tried, please let us know.  
One question came in. Okay, we'll do that.  
And in the meanwhile, next, which is the end of the year, we will plan to do it in person as we 
have done a couple of times this financial year, right? So, we'll do that. So, we get to learn 
from you, get your feedback and make it more conversational in terms of our engagement. 
Sriram, you have a last question. 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Just came in from Ronald from ICICI securities. He is asking elaborate on construction, 
execution capability scale-up as we have now more and more projects coming up? 

 
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
Feb 2, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Yes, that's my biggest priority Ronald and I wish you were in our office, you could see, we 
celebrated our project leadership team that helped us get those 6 OCs and a few more in the 
pipeline. And you will find that half of the team is new, and half of the team is old. A key part 
of the OC that have come through is a lot of colleagues in the projects organization who started 
the project, they are there to get the OC. So, they were there from excavation, Bhoomi Poojan 
to all the way to get to OC. And a new set of people have joined from other firms who are 
excited by the project outlook, the portfolio projects we have across all the three cities. They 
are looking for growth and we can attract them because they are very keen to create a 
meaningful impact in our organisation. So, first part is getting the right people, and we've 
added a large number of people to prepare ourselves for significant number of project sites in 
addition to launches that will happen.  
The second part is a partnership with other contractors and vendors. I think, if you work with 
Tier 3, Tier 2 kind of contractors everywhere, the bandwidth required within the organisation 
is significantly large. And I think, we are trying to move a big part of our portfolio to Tier 1, 
Tier 1.5 contractors, who have experience, scale. We may have to pay a little bit more for their, 
but they come with their benefits which we are trying to factor in our commercial planning. So 
that's the second part. 
And the third part is, overall systems to ensure safety, ensures quality, ensure progress 
tracking, ensure work done, billing, productivity. I think we're putting small, small systems 
that are going to be very powerful. An example of that is how do we do snagging, de-snagging 
at the end of a project, right? When the OC has happened and we are doing the handover. You 
could make beautiful, strong apartment, but if the possession has any, even a chipped tile or a 
crack can really make a customer worry about the quality altogether.  
So, we have put a three-step process, a large number of team is involved to ensure there is a 
system that has been put in place which has projects, quality and facility management teams 
involved. 
So, we’re making sure that all three elements: 
▪ 
Number 1 element is the right people, right leadership team.  
▪ 
Number two is right ecosystem with our contractors and vendors.  
▪ 
And right set of processes and technology solutions that are there to support us. 
All three of them are important for us to do execution really well and really want to create a 
name for ourselves, when somebody walks into a Mahindra home they should really be 
wowed. And that experience, we were too much into affordable in the past, that was getting 
limiting. But now we're playing in the right segment and hopefully we'll continue to delight 
our customers. 
Okay, great. Then thank you so much and we remain clued into any and every feedback. If you 
have any comments, any suggestions, please let us know. We'll be happy to address them. 
Thank you so much as always for being there for us 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Thank you everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
 
***END OF TRANSCRIPT*** 
