 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
1st and 2nd Floor, Cnergy IT Park, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. 
Regd. Office : ICICI PruLife Towers, 1089, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. India. Visit us at www.iciciprulife.com 
Phone: +91 22 4039 1600, Fax: +91 22 2437 6638, Email: corporate@iciciprulife.com 
CIN : L66010MH2000PLC127837 
 
 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
General Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
 
Mumbai 400 001 
Vice President 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject:  Earnings Call Transcript for the quarter and nine months ended December 
31, 2025 
 
In continuation to our letter(s) dated January 2, 2026 and January 13, 2026, the Company 
had hosted an earnings conference call with investors and analysts on Tuesday, January 
13, 2026, at 3:30 p.m. IST, to discuss the performance of the Company for 9M-FY2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please be informed that the transcript of the ‘earnings conference 
call’ for 9M-FY2026 has been hosted on the website of the Company at  
www.iciciprulife.com  
 
A copy of the transcript is enclosed herewith for immediate reference.  
 
Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared during the 
meeting. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
 
Priya Nair 
Company Secretary  
ACS 17769 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
NAIR PRIYA 
SRIKUMAR
Digitally signed by 
NAIR PRIYA 
SRIKUMAR 
Date: 2026.01.20 
16:55:03 +05'30'

 
1 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
Earnings conference call 
Nine months ended December 31, 2025 (9M-FY2026) 
January 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
2 
 
Anup Bagchi 
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to the results call of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance 
Company for the nine months ended December 31, 2025. 
I have several of my senior colleagues with me on this call; Amit Palta – Chief Products and 
Distribution Officer; Dhiren Salian – CFO; Judhajit Das – Chief of Service Delivery; Manish Kumar 
– Chief Investment Officer; Souvik Jash – Appointed Actuary and Dhiraj Chugha – Chief Investor 
Relations Officer. 
Let me start by talking about some of the key developments during the quarter. 
We are proud to celebrate 25 years of service to our customers. Trusted by over 20 crore Indians, 
we have carried the responsibility and pride in protecting families and supporting them in their 
long-term savings goal. We extend our deepest gratitude to all our stakeholders whose trust and 
partnership have shaped this journey.  
The President of India has approved amendments to the Insurance Act through the ‘Sabka Bima 
Sabki Raksha’ Act 2025. This is a move towards achieving ‘Insurance for All by 2047’. Raising the 
FDI limit from 74% to 100% is expected to attract long-term capital to the insurance sector. The 
Act also enhances ease of doing business, prioritizes policy holder protection and positions India 
for accelerated growth and development. 
Now, let me talk about Q3-FY2026 business overview. 
In Q3, the life insurance sector saw a surge in demand following the recent GST reforms, strong 
GDP growth, low inflation and stable equity markets. Collectively, these factors have provided a 
conducive environment for the industry. 
The key highlights of our business performance are as follows. 
 
Q3-FY2026 retail APE grew by 9.9% year-on-year on a base of 20.8% growth in the 
previous year Q3. Retail number of policies grew by 11.7% year-on-year.  
 
The recent GST reforms partly aided the strong performance of our retail protection 
segment. In Q3-FY2026, this segment registered a 40.8% year-on-year growth. 
Consequently, the retail sum assured witnessed robust 51.6% year-on-year growth 
during the quarter. 
 
Overall APE grew by 3.6% year-on-year in Q3-FY2026. Nine-month retail and overall APE 
stood at similar levels to previous year. 
 
VNB for Q3-FY2026 stood at ₹ 6.15 billion. The 9M-FY2026 VNB stood at ₹ 16.64 billion 
with a margin of 24.4%. 
 
Cost-to-premium ratio for 9M-FY2026 reduced to 19.3% from previous year's ratio of 
19.8%. This includes the impact of withdrawal of input tax credit. 
 
As you are aware, over the past two years, we have undertaken several optimisation 
initiatives to make our cost structures leaner and better aligned to our product mix and 
will continue to work on the same.  

 
3 
 
 
Our 13-month persistency stood at 84.4% and claim settlement ratio stood at 99.3% with 
an average turnaround time of 1.1 days for non-investigated individual death claims. 
To summarise, we are committed to deliver sustainable VNB growth through a balanced focus on 
business growth, profitability, and risk management. This approach ensures we remain resilient 
and ready to scale emerging opportunities regardless of the ever-changing external landscape. 
Thank you and I will now hand it over to Amit to take you through the business updates. 
Amit Palta 
Thank you, Anup. Good afternoon, everyone. Let me start with the business overview. 
As mentioned by Anup, Q3-FY2026 retail APE grew by 9.9%. Consequently, the two-year retail 
APE CAGR for Q3 stood at 15.2%. The retail savings and protection segment both registered 
growth in Q3 of this financial year.  
Linked business also grew by 8.3% year-on-year driven by renewed customer confidence as 
equity markets returned to growth after Q2. Within linked business, we continue to focus on 
products which are not only aimed at wealth creation but also offer goal protection, high sum 
assured, and comprehensive benefit for nominees. This approach helps us cater to wider needs 
of customers apart from wealth creation.  
Non-linked savings business grew by 15.2% year-on-year primarily led by non-participating 
products as customers locked in guaranteed yields in the declining interest rate environment. 
Annuity business declined by 16.4% in Q3 on the back of 50% growth in the previous year's same 
period. Within the annuity business, single premium continues to perform well as it offers 
attractive rates compared to other investment alternatives. We expect this segment to return to 
growth as the base normalises in the coming quarters.  
Long-term life insurance savings product represents a steady growth opportunity and we 
capitalise on this through continuous innovation and expansion of our product portfolio. Recently, 
we introduced three products designed for long-term wealth creation: ‘ICICI Pru Wealth Forever’, 
a legacy plan that helps build long-term corpus, ‘ICICI Pru SmartKid 360’, a plan to secure a child's 
future milestones and third, ‘ICICI Pru Wealth Elite Pro’, a ULIP offering which incentivises 
customers to stay invested for long-term wealth creation. 
Our core focus area, the retail protection segment continues to grow, registering 40.8% year-on-
year growth. With only 13% of the addressable population currently being covered, we believe 
this segment offers a strong multi-decadal opportunity for growth. 
Group Protection, which includes Credit Life and Group Term business, grew by 6.2% year-on-
year. In Credit Life business, MFI segment has started showing signs of revival with growth in Q3. 
We expect the momentum to continue as industry stabilizes. Group Term business has grown, 
and we expect this segment to continue to grow over long-term as we remain focused on selecting 
businesses which meet our defined risk-reward expectations. Group funds business declined by 

 
4 
 
43.5% year-on-year in Q3 on a high base of 348.3% growth in the previous year. This business is 
typically lumpy in nature. 
Moving on to the channel-wise growth and contribution: 
Agency channel grew by 0.8% and direct channel grew by 1.1% in Q3 and together these 
channels contribute 52% to retail APE. This performance is on the back of high growth delivered 
in previous year where agency channel grew by 26% and direct channel grew by 23.1% in Q3 last 
year. Over the period, these channels, i.e. Agency and Direct have demonstrated their ability to 
deliver continuous growth across various business cycles with 5-year CAGR of approximately 
14% in 9M-FY2026. Given the current macroeconomic environment favoring both market linked 
and traditional products, we believe these channels are well-placed to capture the growth 
opportunities.  
On bancassurance channel, we grew by 10.5% year-on-year and contributed 26.7% to APE in 
Q3. Partnership distribution channel grew by 51.6% year-on-year in Q3 on a base of 7.1% year-
on-year growth in the previous year Q3. The channel contributed 13.5% to APE mix in Q3. Group 
business declined by 20.1% year-on-year in Q3 on a high base of group fund business last year. 
The channel contributed 16.2% to APE mix in Q3. 
Our distribution reach is provided on Slide 23. We continue to strengthen and deepen our 
distribution network and have added more than 46,000 agents, 140+ partnerships and 3 bank 
tie-ups in 9M-FY2026. Today, we have the strength of 2.35 lakh+ advisors, 51 bank partnerships 
with access to more than 24,500 bank branches and 1,400-plus non-bank partnerships. 
To summarise, we will continue to offer the right product to the right customer and deliver it 
through the right channel. By leveraging our strong brand, continuous product innovation and 
well-diversified distribution, we are confident in our ability to deliver sustainable business growth. 
We finished Q3 on a positive trajectory and expect the momentum to continue in Q4. 
I will now hand it over to Dhiren to talk to you through the financial update. 
Dhiren Salian 
Thank you, Amit. Good afternoon, everyone. 
Now, let me take you through the financial metrics. 
Our Value of New Business (VNB) for Q3-FY2026 stood at ₹ 6.15 billion. The VNB for 9M-FY2026 
was ₹ 16.64 billion with the VNB margin at 24.4%. 
As you are aware, effective September 22, 2025, the input tax credit on individual business is no 
longer available. Despite this, we have maintained nine-month margins at levels similar to that of 
H1. This movement in margin is primarily due to higher retail protection mix, improvement in 
product-level profitability through increasing sum-assured multiples, longer tenure policies, and 
increasing rider attachment, and a favorable movement in the yield curve during Q3. The above 

 
5 
 
movement has helped us cushion the impact of an increase in expenses due to the unavailability 
of input tax credit and therefore maintain healthy profitability. 
On the efficiency front, we continue to optimise expenses and improve productivity. As you can 
see, cost-to-premium ratio has reduced by 50 basis points to 19.3% in 9M-FY2026. This includes 
an increase in Q3 expenses resulting from the unavailability of input tax credit. The reduction in 
cost is a result of our endeavor over the past two years to continuously align our cost structure 
with that of the product mix that is demanded by the customer. Notably, the cost-to-premium 
ratio for our savings line of business has also reduced by 90 basis points to 12.7% in 9M-FY2026. 
Our 13-month persistency stood at 84.4%. We have observed some challenges in specific channel 
and product pockets, where persistency ratios are lower than the initial assumptions. To address 
this, corrective actions have been initiated aimed at improving these levels and that is being 
monitored closely. 
Coming to the other financial metrics: 
 
The Company's PAT grew by 19.6% year-on-year to ₹ 3.90 billion in Q3-FY2026 and 
23.5% year-on-year to ₹ 9.92 billion in nine months of this fiscal, primarily driven by higher 
investment income from Shareholders’ funds. 
 
Our solvency ratio stood at 214.8% at December 31, 2025. During the quarter, the 
Company had called back ₹ 12 billion that had been previously raised in November 2020. 
Subsequently, the Company raised fresh subordinated debt to replace the amount called 
back.  
 
Our Assets under management grew by 6.5% year-on-year to ₹ 3.31 trillion at December 
31, 2025. 
Thank you and we are now happy to take any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We take the first question from the line of Shreya Shivani from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. 
I have three questions. My first question is on the VNB margins of Q3. While you have explained 
what has driven the almost flat margins, I wanted to understand if the new labor laws’ impact of 
those have been priced into this quarter's financials in terms of the margins. If not, will it come in 
the next quarter? If you can help us, explain how much would that impact be, how much of it is 
recurring and so on and so forth. Some details around that would be useful.  
My second question is on the persistency bucket. While you have spoken about the 13-month 
persistency, I also want to understand what is going on with the 61st month because over the 
years, the persistency trend in this bucket has gone up to as high as 66% probably in the FY2024 
numbers and now it is in a different trajectory. Before that, it was as low as 56%-57%. So, if you 
can help us understand the wide movement and what is causing this amount of wide movement 
over here.  

 
6 
 
My third question is RBI FSR (Financial Stability Report) spoke about the distribution reforms, 
product innovation that they look forward to in the insurance sector. If you can help us understand, 
what kind of reforms should we expect from the industry, what could be the timelines and so on 
and so forth? Thank you. 
Dhiren Salian: Let me take your questions one by one. To address the first point that you raised, 
in terms of the impact of the labour law, yes, we have taken the impact. We have put it as part of 
our disclosures as well. The charge that we are taking is to the tune of ₹ 11 crores and that is all 
that we have at this point. So, the next question would be that why is it so small in relative to the 
overall liabilities that we hold. Quite frankly, the way that we had set out our internal policies 
pretty much offset whatever was required by the new labor code. So, the delta of ₹ 11 crores is 
what we have taken at this point. There is nothing residual for the future from this particular pool. 
Coming to your second question on persistency, 61st month, over the years, a couple of changes 
have happened in terms of the way 61st month has to be measured and that is also stemming 
from the product regulations. Unit linked does have an element where earlier they would get 
foreclosed at the end of 61st month. Now, the new set of regulations that have happened over the 
last, actually in 2019, these require the policies to remain active and the foreclosure dates have 
been pushed back. What that does is that it depresses the persistency at this point. However, 
given the fact that these are going, the AUM continues to stay with us, we continue to earn off 
that. There is a similar regulatory change that happened sometime back for traditional book as 
well, which therefore elongates the foreclosures. 
Coming to your third point, I think, frankly, in terms of innovation, you are seeing us do quite a bit. 
Innovation is not just centered around products. Amit gave you a brief of some of the products 
that we have recently launched, but innovation also works around in terms of process, efficiency 
and cost, because all of these go back to be able to deliver value to customers. Frankly, there are 
two businesses that we run, savings and protection. In the savings business, continuous 
innovation to be able to drive better cost ratios is where we give better value back to customers. 
That is something that we will continue to keep pushing. And in terms of claims ratios for 
protection, that's something that we monitor very, very closely. 
Shreya Shivani: Just to follow up on that, distribution reforms is not, I mean, any, I understand the 
product-process innovation, but we have anything, any inkling on the distribution reform? 
Dhiren Salian: Not at this point, Shreya. I think we will await any inputs from the regulator or the 
committees that they've set out. 
Shreya Shivani: Okay. All right. And just one follow up on the persistency bit, the traditional book’s 
foreclosures getting elongated, that happened when? I understand ULIP policies were changed in 
2019. 
Dhiren Salian: Yes, that's also the same 2019 period. 
Shreya Shivani: Okay. All of this is in 2019. So, basically, the new regulation allowed the account 
to remain active, is it? 

 
7 
 
Dhiren Salian: Yes, that's right. It stays with the Company for longer, gives additional time for the 
customer to revive the policy. 
Shreya Shivani: Got it. Understood. This is useful. Thank you and all the best. 
Dhiren Salian: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from 
B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of 
numbers. Three questions from my side. First of all, of the channel strategy. So, I take the point 
that you mentioned that channels like Agency, Banca had a high base previously. So, now I think 
we are sitting on the inflection point. So, as we move on, what are the on-ground trends are we 
seeing in terms of these channels? What kind of products we are selling and how are the offtake 
looking vis-à-vis, say, the base in the previous year for fourth quarter? Although I understand 
these are early days, but some comments related to that would give us some better understanding 
about how we should think about growth as we move ahead. And in terms of the partnership 
distribution channel, I just wanted to understand what kind of products were sold through this 
channel and is there any impact of any product launch, etc. that was there in this particular 
quarter. And on the GST side, so are our negotiations largely done and the impact absorbed or 
should we expect another quarter for that to happen? And also, once everything is absorbed, then 
the margin run rate that we are seeing currently, do we expect it to increase in the coming year, 
just purely on the basis of that? And last one, I think I wanted to understand that all these changes 
in operating parameters like, say, cost ratios or persistency, have we already made the changes 
in our VNB calculation? Yes, that would be all for my side. 
Dhiren Salian: Thanks, Swarnabha. Let me address a couple of questions before I hand over to 
Amit. One is in terms of the negotiation that we have on GST with distribution. See, frankly, again, 
we are reiterating what we had said the last time around. We strongly believe that these reforms, 
they will help usher in growth. And we expect them to be value accretive for all our stakeholders, 
customers, distributors, as well as the Company. And you have seen the increase in business that 
has happened in the current quarter post the reforms that had been announced. Now, everyone 
has benefited. Customers have seen the value of zero GST. We have seen the benefit of volumes 
and distributors have also seen the benefit of these volumes come through. Now, we have got 
multiple types of partners. Our approach is very different with each of these partners. Given that 
this diversification exists, I guess closing some of these commercials may take time over the 
period. But we are progressively addressing each of these. And we will work towards a win-win 
proposition for us as well as our distributors on this. The fundamental point is, it's not the margin, 
it's growing the absolute business and therefore the absolute VNB and from a partner 
perspective, growing their earnings as well. So, that's the process that we have adopted and we 
continue to make headway at it. Anything else that comes through the coming quarter, we will 
keep you updated on that front. 
Coming to your question on cost ratios, again, we have a view of where we will end up for the 
year in terms of our cost ratio. Does it take into account all of the savings that we have got over 
the past few quarters? To some degree, yes. But of course, it depends on how we do well in the 

 
8 
 
coming quarter. And we will anyway update all of these cost ratios at the end of the year. At this 
point, it is looking positive. So, we are very clearly working to ensure that we do not have any 
surprises on the cost front at all. 
Amit Palta: Yes, Amit, this side. On channels front, you spoke about high base of last year. So, let 
me just define what contributed to high base last year. One was, of course, the markets were very 
favourable, they were buoyant. Second, we had the right products to capitalise on the positivity 
that existed in the market. We introduced new products as well on the unit-linked platform, which 
supported our growth on the unit-linked side. And third is the annuity business that we 
experimented with a new product, which got us the upside last year. So, last year, we had a very 
strong growth in the first three quarters, which was largely driven through our proprietary 
channels, which is Agency and Direct. So, over the years, we have drawn confidence from the fact 
that whenever there has been a change in the macro environment, our direct channels, our 
proprietary channels have been able to align to the shift in the customer demand or any change 
in the macro environment. So, this is something that we witnessed, even in H1 as well. So, while 
there was a decline, there was a stress because of high base. But progressively, we have seen our 
decline coming down from Quarter one to Quarter two. And eventually, we turned the corner in 
Quarter three by turning positive. So, two year CAGR gives us comfort that on a little longish basis, 
we have the ability through our proprietary channels to start growing every time there is a shift 
in the environment.  
So, these are the things. In between, like I mentioned, even in my opening note as well, looking at 
where the current environment is, which actually is quite a dual opportunity because the economy 
has started doing well. Markets are much better than what it was in H1 of the year. So, Quarter 
three is looking good, and we are supported with new product introductions as well. So, we are 
quite prepared in terms of availability of products which are most opportune, most appropriate 
at this point in time, because the opportunity doesn't just exist in unit-linked products, but it also 
exists on the guaranteed platform products. So, hence, we have seen an uptick on both sides in 
Quarter three, which gives us the confidence that with these new introductions that we have done, 
which I spoke in the opening note as well, we are fairly placed in carrying on with the momentum 
in Quarter four as well, in our direct channels. 
Your second question was on partnership distribution. See, partnership distribution, of course, it 
has a lot of almost 1,400 odd partners we have, and they all follow very different models. So, 
there is no one model that suffice all 1,400 partners. So, different partners have different primary 
businesses, somebody is in general insurance, somebody is in broking distribution, somebody is 
in equity distribution. So, the fabric of our partners in the entire partnership distribution space 
actually varies quite a lot. And hence, it's very difficult to single out and say one product strategy 
works across. So, different cohorts of partners respond differently to different economic 
environment. So, we have seen the current environment is quite favourable when it comes to 
guaranteed products and that is where we have seen maximum momentum. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Right, sir. That's very helpful. Just one bookkeeping question. In the non-
linked part, if you could give us the split between par and non-par, that would be very helpful. 
Dhiren Salian: Swarnabha, we are roughly at about 60:40 right now, par to non-par. 

 
9 
 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Okay, thank you. Very helpful. That's all from my side. Thank you so much 
and all the best. 
Dhiren Salian: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Kushagra Goel from CLSA. 
Please go ahead. 
Kushagra Goel: Sure. Hi. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on a good set of 
numbers. Just first question was on the regulatory front. I know you said that there is no update 
on the distribution reforms. But in general, just wanted to understand, are we expecting any other 
types of reforms to come in over, let's say, next 3 to 6 months period? So, anything that is in the 
works, if you could give some more color? And second was on the banca side. So, one, just a 
bookkeeping question, if you could give the APE mix for ICICI bank and the other banks. I just 
wanted to understand like this quarter; did we see higher growth on the other banks side or how 
was it on the banca channel? 
Dhiren Salian: Kushagra, ICICI bank to non-ICICI bank roughly is half-half in that range. ICICI 
bank is steady as in you see the composition of ICICI bank business is unit-linked and protection. 
Protection has done very well in this quarter as has every other channel. So, they have been able 
to partake in the growth and do well as well. And unit-linked is dependent upon how the general 
market environment is. So, to that extent, otherwise generally broadly in the range of ₹100 crores-
₹120 crores is typically what they do per month. 
Coming to your first question in terms of distribution reform, I think I have answered that. There's 
nothing more that I can add at this point that is in the public domain. 
Kushagra Goel: Any other reforms or anything else which is in the work that can come up in the 
space? Anything that you have heard? 
Dhiren Salian: No. I think we will wait for the committee to come up with their recommendations. 
Kushagra Goel: Got it. Thank you. That's all. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Madhukar from JP Morgan. 
Please go ahead. 
Madhukar: Thank you for the question and congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, first, 
see protection has done really very well for us. 40% year-over-year growth that we are seeing 
and that's in retail protection. So, my question is, a lot of it is driven by pent-up demand, I'm 
guessing, and obviously the GST reduction factor. So, how should we think about it in the coming 
quarters? What should be sort of more, if you could help us understand, what sort of growth can 
we see in protection? And second, also on an overall basis, individual APE growth this year has 
been slightly muted and Q3, of course, you have seen an improvement. But going into Q4, how 
should you look at individual APE growth? How much do you think we can, on an overall basis, 
we should be sort of penciling in for APE growth over the next couple of years, individual APE 
growth? 

 
10 
 
Amit Palta: Good question. So, on your comment on protection, well, as you know that once the 
GST waiver was announced on 22nd of September, we did see demand for consumers picking up. 
And that was as simple as 18% cheaper product. So, if you ask me, you know, that is something 
which has really triggered demand across channels that we have witnessed and in the industry. 
And I don't really believe that for a country where penetration is only 13% to the addressable 
market, where still there is a long way to go, there could be anything which is pent up. So, it's just 
the cost economics, suddenly 18% cheaper product is now available, is pushing customers to think 
again, and get the purchase decision be taken faster. And the organizations and us as well, we 
are making access of these products more and more easy for the customers, getting processes 
streamlined, and making it available to our customers. So, last year, also, if you look at, you know, 
Quarter three, we had actually grown by 40% year-on-year. So, actually, it is quite a sustained 
effort that is required in protection. There is a lot of infrastructure that is required to be built to do 
protection business at large. Right. So, which is something that where we are investing over a 
very long period of time, and just that GST waiver has given fillip to the kind of growth that we 
have witnessed in last three months. And if you ask me, the outlook for future, again, looks very, 
very good on protection, eventually, it is protection that really differentiates this industry from any 
other industry in BFSI. So, from that perspective, it's a great move by the government, consumer 
demand exists and we will keep investing in our processes and systems and our practices to 
ensure that experiences are good while onboarding our customers and demand keep picking up 
from current levels. So, I expect this momentum to continue.  
On APE growth, you spoke about relatively a muted growth in first half and turning positive in 
Quarter three. I had explained as an answer to the previous question, that we did have a large 
base in the last year, which was driven by a positive market environment, unit-linked products, 
new product launches that we did on unit-linked platform, and the experiment that we did with 
one of our products in the annuity category, all that led to a very large base. So, the way to look 
at our overall nine-month performance is on a 2-year CAGR basis, where we look quite in line 
with the industry, right. So, to that extent, you can say two years RWRP CAGR, if it is 13.8% for 
us, for the industry it is about 13.3%. But good part is that Quarter three onwards, it will start 
getting normalised and for the momentum that now we have seen turning positive in Quarter 
three, hopefully, it will only get better in Quarter four. 
Madhukar: Got it, understood. And just one follow up question on repricing, any thoughts on 
protection repricing anytime soon? 
Dhiren Salian: So, Madhukar, en masse repricing is not something that one should expect, quite 
frankly. At all points in time, we keep assessing and this is business as usual for us, we keep 
assessing segments, we keep assessing the process, we keep assessing the pricing. And 
whenever there are micro adjustments, we keep doing that along the way. This is in the quarter, 
previous quarters as well. And that's something that we will continue to do. So, in a nutshell, there 
is no secular price increase that has happened. This is, I'm referring to the price hikes that we had 
seen back in 2020 and 2022, nothing of that sort has happened. 
Madhukar: It's not happened, but given that you are obviously absorbing some bit of the GST 
there, any chance of you taking a price hike in protection in the near term? 

 
11 
 
Dhiren Salian: Madhukar, the objective is to be able to grow absolute VNB. As I explained earlier, 
if you're able to get demand by way of this reform, then everyone is happy along with it, 
customers, distributors, as well as us. So, it is the objective of growing absolute VNB, which helps 
us in this endeavor. 
Madhukar: Understood, sir. Congratulations. 
Dhiren Salian: And again, I think maybe I should draw your attention to the protection number, 
40% year-on-year retail protection growth in the quarter is quite strong. 
Madhukar: Yes, sir. Absolutely. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Umang Shah from Banyan Tree 
Advisors PMS. Please go ahead. 
Umang Shah: Hi, sir. Thank you for taking the question. Sir, first question was, what was the 
rationale of transferring the pension management subsidiary to ICICI Bank? This was the first 
question. Second question was, in partnership distribution, how much revenue or how much 
premium would be coming from online aggregators? That was the second question. And third 
one, do we continue selling zero surrender products or have we discontinued them all altogether? 
Just these three questions. 
Dhiren Salian: Sure. In terms of the zero-surrender product, it's still on our shelf, but we don't 
have so much of volumes at this point. In terms of partnership distribution, and specifically looking 
at web aggregator, let me just remind you, we have a very diversified distribution. Our largest 
channel is ICICI Bank as a single entity. And most distribution doesn't really cross the 4%-5% 
mark at all as a single distribution entity. So, I will not call that web aggregator in specific, but you 
get the sense that we are extremely diversified in that sense. 
Coming to the question on PFM, there is a little bit of synergy that can happen with the PFM being 
integrated as a direct subsidiary of the bank. And this is in line with the strategy the bank has put 
out. And to that extent, we were looking at the value that was done through an independent 
valuer. That's the value that we have transferred the PFM to the bank at. 
Umang Shah: Okay. Considering that it's a long-term product, we would have thought that life 
insurance company and pension fund management will have a better synergy as such. 
Dhiren Salian: Yes, Umang, good question. The entire pension is broken up into two parts, the 
accumulation and the de-accumulation phase. So, the accumulation phase, typically on the NPS, 
is done by the PFM entity. But it's the de-accumulation phase, which is the annuity phase where 
only we can participate in. So, to the extent that the PFM grows, whether it's a direct subsidiary 
or it is a sister concern, as long as we get the annuity, I think we should be able to reap benefits 
of that. So, that doesn't change our strategy in that perspective. 
Umang Shah: Right, sir. Got it. And sir, on partnership distribution, the growth in that channel 
was even higher than any of the products that were growing. So, if you could just highlight which 
products did PD do really well in, that would be great. 

 
12 
 
Amit Palta: Very simple to explain here. This is Amit. See, partnership distribution, like I explained 
for Direct distribution which was supported by very strong growth in annuity and unit linked 
business last year. Partnership distribution is not much into linked business. So, they had relatively 
a subdued base of last year. So, on that subdued base, they have grown quite phenomenally. And 
this year's environment, which is more favourable on guaranteed platform, partnership 
distribution partners have actually done well. 
Umang Shah: Okay. Sure, sir. Thank you so much. 
Dhiren Salian: Thanks, Umang. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus 
Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: Thank you for the opportunity. Dhiren, I had one question on the margin, 24.5%. 
If you can give a broader waterfall, the 24.5% on one edge falling to a margin of 24.4%, how much 
was dragged by GST and how much it was pulled up by either product level margins or product 
mix change? If you can give a broader colour there, it gives an understanding how it plays out and 
how do you see it to play out from a full year perspective in the margins in that sense? So, that's 
my first question.  
And the second question is, cost cutting exercise, which you alluded to, supported the margins 
and it has been on the focus area. That exercise is broadly done, or you still believe there are 
efficiencies to play out further and which can contribute incrementally more to the margins? These 
are the two questions on the margin. And I have one more question on growth. Maybe if you 
answer these two, then maybe I will ask later. 
Dhiren Salian: So, Sanket, I have not given a walk, but when you look at the breakup, as I 
mentioned earlier, there are these elements that are offsetting the GST cost. One is the fact that 
the higher protection mix, which is the entire product mix shift, that has contributed towards an 
uptick. You can see that in Quarter three, retail protection is at 8.2% versus 7.2% that you'd seen 
in H1. There is an improvement in the product profitability where we had spoken about increasing 
sum assured, policy tenures, rider attachment, that has contributed quite well. And of course, 
some degree of movement in the yield curve. Now, these are the counter balancing elements. I'm 
not getting into the breakup of it. But these have counteracted each other and we are broadly 
flattish from H1 to nine months.  
In terms of your question on cost, I think the right phrasing that we should use is actually waste 
cutting. It's not cost-cutting. Clearly, we are not cutting into any of the muscle. What we are 
assessing at every point in time is what can be a better allocation of our resources to be able to 
deliver sustainable growth. So, very clearly, identification of waste across the organization, across 
departments, across processes, and across systems. That's something that we have started a few 
quarters back and we will continue to do it at this point. But having said that, obviously, the bigger 
chunks of cutting has already happened. We will continue to keep working and cutting further in 
terms of all of these waste. But of course, the big jumps that you would see in terms of cost ratio 
drops, that may not be as large going forward. 

 
13 
 
Sanketh Godha: I understood. And on margin trajectory, I mean, if these levers of product mix 
and product level margins sustain, then this 24.5% kind of a margin should hold up for next two 
years, or this year and the next year, I mean. 
Dhiren Salian: Yes, largely it is going to be product mix that kind of dictates where the final margin 
lands up. And to be able to deliver on VNB, it's growth in the premium, which is APE, and to 
whatever extent the mix shifts, then that should add to VNB growth. That formula continues. 
Sanketh Godha: Understood. Thanks for that. And the second question is much more on growth, 
which you probably alluded at. See, two years CAGR, it has been 13%-14% growth. Maybe, as 
you rightly said, the higher base had an implication on the current nine months growth. Then is it 
fair to say that now, given the distributions are broadly settled, whether it's ICICI Bank or others, 
we will be in a position to deliver a growth of 13%-14%, assuming  the industry growth  going 
ahead. Is it a fair number to believe that now the recent base can give us a growth of 13%-14% 
going ahead too? 
Amit Palta: That exactly is the endeavor, Sanketh. And after having turned our Q3 positive, going 
through the high-base challenge of last year, we are fairly confident about building it up from 
here. 
Sanketh Godha: Got it. And lastly, on group protection, which was 5%-6% growth in nine months 
in the 3rd Quarter, if you can give a color whether it's largely credit life led slowdown or it's a 
combination of both credit life and retail slowdown? 
Dhiren Salian: So, in the nine months, we do have an impact of slower growth or rather decline 
that we have seen in the MFI business of Credit Life. So, the good part that we are starting to see 
now is that MFI has now started to turn around. I wouldn't say it's out of the woods yet, but very 
clearly, we have started to see a turnaround coming through in Q3. So, again, this is in line with 
the commentary that you're also hearing generally around MFI credit, the core business of credit. 
So, as that business starts to build up, we should be a natural beneficiary of that. 
Sanketh Godha: Understood. Yes. Thanks, Dhiren. This answers most of my question. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. Please 
go ahead. 
Nidhesh: Thanks for the opportunity. First question is on GST impact. So, have you passed on that 
impact to the distributor or we intend to pass it on in coming quarters? And what would be the 
strategy there? 
Dhiren Salian: So, Nidhesh, I covered this earlier as well. Again, GST reforms, this should help 
usher in growth. There again, value accretive for all our stakeholders - customers, distributors, 
Company. See, post the change in reform, we have seen growth come through that again, to our 
sense, it's a demand that's been built up. That's quite positive. We are able to add VNB. At the 
same time, partner's earnings are also coming through. Now, given the diversity of partnerships 
that we have, some of these conversations take longer to conclude. We are working towards this 
and the idea is to be able to bring a win-win proposition for everyone. 

 
14 
 
Nidhesh: Sure. Secondly, so this quarter, we also got benefit of yield curve being in our favor, 
which also helped our margins. How do you see that playing out over medium term, whether you 
will pass on that benefit to the customer or you will be able to retain that because then that will 
have an implication on the future margins? 
Dhiren Salian: Yes, you're right, Nidhesh. But the final changes in pricing or if there are any 
changes in pricing will be a function of how the yield curve moves, what the market dynamics are, 
what our distributive conversations are, as well as growth. So, it will be a multi-factor equation. I 
can't simply pick up one thing that will determine whether the price will move positively or 
negatively. 
Nidhesh: And last question is on persistency. So, there has been a sharp drop in 13-month 
persistency, which you have explained. But how do you see the trend in FY2027? Should we again 
go back to 88%-89% persistency on 13-month basis or this 85% is the new normal? And how do 
you see the impact of lower persistency in our operating variances for the full year? 
Dhiren Salian: So, you're right. We have seen some challenges in specific channel product cohorts 
and we are working at this. As we fix those particular poles, we should see persistency rise. That's 
the endeavor, we should hit 85% and above as we go through into the later part or mid part of 
next year. How much more can we get through to the 87%-88%? I think we will have to wait and 
watch how that shapes up or the underlying business shapes up. How we take a look at that on 
terms of EV, I think we will do the final assessment as we go through to the end of the quarter 
and then we will bring that to the market. 
Nidhesh: Sure. Thanks, Dhiren. Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: Hi. Just firstly on the growth front, while Amit you mentioned that we are looking at 
a good 2-year CAGR, but if I actually look at trends even in FY2024, it was a kind of a low base 
where ICICI Bank was possibly declining and from that base in FY2025, we saw most quarters 
very strong growth, obviously because of product innovations and product launches that we had 
done. Then again on that high base, we have seen a low growth in this fiscal so far. So, it's been 
up and down. So, do you think that we are now in a position that we can be a more consistent 
growth Company from an all-product perspective or from a channel perspective, now that all 
these corrections have been done, we should be a more stable growth Company? 
Amit Palta: Okay. I will take this. Amit, this side. You spoke about FY2024 challenges because of 
decline in our primary channel and subsequently product launches and innovation. See, one big 
learning from last year after having witnessed growth in first nine months, when the demand was 
very strong in unit-linked products, we took a strategic call to align our cost structure to ensure 
that we don't create a bias, artificial bias in selecting products which gives margin. And we 
continue to have growth of absolute VNB as an objective. But to follow that strategy, it is very 
important that you take those hard calls, cut the waste, relook at the structure, work on every 
area of cost rationalization, so that you are aligned as an organization to the demand based on 
the macro environment. So, having done that hard work, now we have created products across 

 
15 
 
category, not creating biases on what we believe is right for us internally, but going truly with the 
consumer demand, I think we are fairly well placed with our current cost structure, as well as the 
availability of products that we have created. So, if you ask me on growth perspective, we are 
very confident in aligning to any change in the macro environment that may happen in times to 
come. And this situation is very different from where we were two years back, when there were 
issues about concentration of business with one of the large partners, which is now fairly 
diversified. And even on products, we are fairly diversified and have availability of products to 
take care of any change in the environment. So, from a degree of confidence, I can say now things 
look much better. Because at cost structures that we have currently, we can take care of the 
volatility much better. 
Prayesh Jain: Got that. That's helpful. Dhiren, you mentioned that the product mix in between in 
the non-linked part is 60-40 between par and non-par. But I think in the Q2 call, you mentioned it 
was 50-50. So, has the par share gone up? 
Dhiren Salian: It's 60-40, roughly in that range. 
Prayesh Jain: Okay. Because in the previous call, you had mentioned the mix is 50-50, that's the 
reason I'm asking. And the third question is the solvency increase is because of what, in spite of 
we seeing such a strong growth in protection? 
Dhiren Salian: Solvency increase is largely because of addition in PAT. There's not too much of 
movement. Whatever that we need in terms of required solvency, that was added up. 
Prayesh Jain: Okay. All right. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Dhiren Salian: Nothing unusual there, Prayesh. 
Prayesh Jain: Okay. All right. 
Dhiren Salian: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Harshal from Asian Market 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Harshal: Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Two sets of questions. The first is in terms of 
annuity books. So, if you can help us explain how the surrender experience tracking versus 
assumption is, whether there is any impact on EV from annuity surrenders has been recognized 
or is expected to be going forward? That was the first question. And secondly, in terms of 
commission cost, we have seen a sharp increase in the single premium commissions. So, could 
you help us understand the key drivers behind the same? 
Dhiren Salian: So, in terms of the final quantification of whatever hit that we have, if any on to 
EV, we will bring that at the end of the year. Yes, in the RP annuity book, the persistency is lower 
than what we had initially set out. In terms of single premium overall, you would have seen the 
commission grow. That's also because of the growth that we have seen in parts of the Credit Life 
business. 

 
16 
 
Harshal: Sure, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Dhiren Salian: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi Group. 
Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Hi. Good evening, sir. Just a few questions from my side. First, if you look at your 
protection business, it seems that after quite some time, your non-ROP business has grown at a 
very, very significant pace. So, just want to get some sense of this demand growth that we have 
seen, let's say, post-GST rate cuts and its linkage to pure term. Do you see some linkage of them? 
Secondly, is the non-ROP product significantly higher on the margin profile, which kind of 
benefited you during the quarter? Second, on the Credit Life mix, I think this question has been 
asked by previous participants. So, just wanted to kind of extend the discussion. In terms of your 
mix between MFI and non-MFI, how much that will be, let's say, for the nine months, so that we 
can gauge what can be the growth if microfinance were to improve in FY2027? And the last 
question is on the non-IBank banca channels. Do you see any sort of competitive pressure rising, 
or do you kind of hold on to the counter shares that you would have seen over the past half or 
nine months, or rather, in case they have increased from the previous levels? 
Dhiren Salian: So, Dipanjan, bulk of our retail protection business is actually non-ROP. ROP is a 
very small component of that. That's roughly in the range of about 10%. So, that's never been the 
big mainstay. Most of our retail protection has been pure termed without ROP. And that's seen a 
big spike over this last few quarters also. We have not broken out the split between MFI and non-
MFI within the Credit Life, but it's fair to say that MFI is fairly significant within our portfolio. 
Coming to the third question that you had in terms of non-ICICI bank multi-insurers, I think we 
have been holding our counter share in all of these shops. So, competition, of course, is intense in 
all of these shops, but we have been holding our counter share here. Amit, you want to add 
anything? 
Amit Palta: Yes. So, most of our bancassurance partnerships outside ICICI Bank are multi-
insurance, with the exception of one multinational bank that we have. And there the competitive 
pressures are always there. So, we play by the year, the only guardrail threshold that we keep in 
mind is the risk reward ratio, as well as the quality. And based on that, we play out and see how 
it goes. But yes, competition is very active. But most of the shops, we have been able to hold on 
to our share or even better there. So, that's something which is only on the improving side. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Amit Palta: Thanks, Dipanjan. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vinod Rajamani from Nirmal 
Bang. Please go ahead. 
Vinod Rajamani: Thank you for the opportunity. I had two questions. One is on this ULIP portfolio, 
what is the proportion of say these hybrid ULIPs, say the ULIPs on the similar lines of say Protect 
and Gain and so on, where you offer a higher sum assured. So, just what the proportion of the 

 
17 
 
entire ULIP is? Secondly, on riders, what is the attachment rate? Are you attaching only on say 
the new products, new sales or on the existing portfolio as well? And what kind of attachment 
rates are you seeing? So, these are the two questions I had. 
Dhiren Salian: Now, Vinod, we haven't called out the share of higher sum assured ULIPs, but it's 
safe to say that it started to pick up materially over this current fiscal. In terms of riders, these are 
on to new products, new sales only. A little difficult to go back to existing customers and then look 
at an upsell of a rider on an existing plan. So, it's easier done with a new sale primarily because 
the amount of premium that we are taking is quite small. So, going back to existing customers 
using our distribution force is not as cost effective. 
Vinod Rajamani: Fair point. Just on this, a follow up to this hybrid ULIP question, is there any, do 
you see any issue in terms of, say, a substitution effect in the sense that if you're selling these high 
sum-assured ULIPs, you could be kind of, some customers who would have wanted to buy, say, 
a large term policies, they might be wanting, they might just end up finally buying hybrid ULIPs, 
which have high sum assured. So, is there some substitution effect that is possibly playing there? 
Also, is that some, is the substitution effect also playing to some extent on the non-par to kind of 
on hybrid ULIPs? So, the customer profile is different. But, is the agency force trying to kind of sell 
these hybrid ULIPs as a substitute for non-par? Is that happening? 
Amit Palta: So, let me answer this. Amit, this side. See, the profile of customer that we are 
intending to penetrate through our high sum assured ULIP are those mass affluent and affluent 
customers who have dual objective of wealth creation and protection. So, to that extent, even 
somebody who does purchase a pure protection doesn't stop planning for wealth creation. So, to 
that extent, he does plan wealth creation as well. So, these are typically mass affluent and affluent 
customers who tend to take these products. But you're right, for somebody who intends to go for 
a very high cover, he has a choice of going with his affordability and seeing what he can spare 
for pure protection and can choose a cheaper product. So, to that extent, I don't see this coming 
as a replacement for pure protection because the affordability and what you get as premium is 
very, very different in these two categories of products. So, they are not a similar premium sized 
product giving similar kind of cover and one giving wealth creation, other than not giving wealth 
creation. So, it's a, it's very different from an affordability perspective by customer segments. And 
we have not witnessed, to be very honest, giving you a direct answer, we have not witnessed any 
replacement of pure protection with the high sum assured ULIP.  
Dhiren Salian: Because Vinod,  the pure protection plan at one level gives you 400 plus times the 
premium in terms of cover, whereas these products give you anywhere between 40 to 100 in 
terms of the coverage to the premium. So, clearly different areas, different objectives that we are 
trying to meet with this. And despite this, you have seen a 40% year-on-year growth in retail 
protection in Quarter 3. 
Vinod Rajamani: The only reason I brought this up is, none of your similar sized peers have 
launched this, this high sum assured ULIP So, that was the reason that's it. So, that's why I was 
wondering if there's some substitution effect at play. 
Amit Palta: Let us clarify, this product is being offered though a little differently, but mostly it is 
available across quite a few organizations now. We are not the only one. 

 
18 
 
Vinod Rajamani: Okay. Thank you. 
Amit Palta: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shobhit Sharma from HDFC 
Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shobhit Sharma: Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, I have a question on your growth. So, 
how should we think about your growth on the individual business side for the next 2-3 years? 
Why I'm asking this question is like, if I look at your five years CAGR, it's actually less than one 
third of the CAGR of the private players. And it is now almost two years from the time we have 
rejigged our margin profiles and the constant changes we have made to our product portfolio. So, 
that's first. Secondly, on to the product strategy, if I look at, so we, so two years, so we have 
thought about no-cost ULIPs. We have pushed for that. We launched an annuity product with a 
100% return of premium on surrender. Now we have launched a new product on the ULIP side 
with a return of premium allocation charges and we have slowed down on the annuity products. 
So, just wanted to understand our thought process on that and what kind of new product should 
we expect in the upcoming quarters now? Yes. Thank you. 
Amit Palta: Okay. I will take this, Amit, this side. So,  there's always a context and the power of 
context cannot be taken away. And that has been the journey that we have traversed over a 
period of last 4 to 5 years. And we focused on things which we prioritized at a given point in time 
and looked at protecting our margins, diversifying our channel mix, diversifying our products at a 
time when there was a shift in strategic priorities with a primary bank partnership. And we are 
very happy to say that, the guidance that we had given of doubling our FY2019 VNB by FY2023 
VNB still was achieved. We doubled that VNB. Though the path we chose was through channel 
diversification, new partnerships and product diversification. So, the path was different from the 
growth objective that we would have probably otherwise followed. Subsequent to that, there has 
been some changes in the environment to which we have aligned whenever the opportunity has 
been favorable. And when it has been challenged, like the way it was challenged last year with a 
very high base and we capitalizing on that base of unit linked opportunity, market positive and 
annuity as an experiment that we did, in light of the fact that surrender guidelines were six months 
down the line, going to become a new norm. And we thought it was a good experiment to do with 
our affluent customers with our select channels. And it did work for a short while. And it gave us 
a good growth last year. So, there is a context to what you witnessed over a period of last so 
many years. And today, which is most important is the context where we are today. Where we 
are on our product strategy is that in terms of availability of products, right across categories we 
have on category of products, whether it is unit linked, market linked, part guarantee, full 
guarantee, annuity, nearing retirement age customers, younger customers, protection, return of 
premium, exit as a special feature for our customers, exclusive products for self-employed. So, 
virtually, from benefit perspective and from category choice perspective, we have almost our 
basket being full. And we have already articulated that we will not follow an internal expectation 
on what product need to deliver how much. We have allowed customer demand to dictate what 
is purchased in the market. And we have aligned our cost structures now to deliver that objective 
of being true to consumer demand. So, from that perspective, like I mentioned again, the context 
that we have witnessed in most recent times, which is Q3, I think coming out of a challenging 
base in H1 and getting into a positive growth in Q3 gives us fair confidence that with all the 

 
19 
 
availability of products we have, and for the dual opportunity that we see both from the market 
perspective, as well as on guaranteed product platform. And with this support that we see on 
protection business with consumer demand increasing, I think we are in a fairly decent spot in 
terms of delivering a stable growth going forward. 
Shobhit Sharma: Yes, just to follow up on this, Amit, which channel do you think would be key in 
driving the overall growth for yourself? 
Amit Palta: See, all channels are dear to us. There is no channel that we can really articulate. As 
Dhiren mentioned as an answer to a previous question, that no channel apart from ICICI delivers 
more than 6% to 7% of our overall portfolio. So, I don't have the luxury of focusing only on one 
channel, right? Because apart from ICICI, almost every channel is 5% to 6% contribution to overall. 
So, from that perspective, our effort is to look at cohorts of our distribution, which is multi-
insurance, partnership distribution as one cohort, direct distribution, which is both online as well 
as offline as one cohort, agency as third cohort, and bancassurance, ICICI and non-ICICI bank 
partnerships as other cohorts. And we would like to invest in all depending upon the strategic 
priorities chosen by our partners. We will keep aligning ourselves and keep making the products 
available, make processes efficient, and keep cost under control, and deliver growth in a balanced 
manner. 
Shobhit Sharma: Our approach on the product strategy, what kind of new products should we 
expect in the upcoming quarters now? 
Amit Palta: I mentioned three products we have launched very recently. One on a unit linked 
platform, and second on a legacy platform, and third on a children platform. So, that is one effort 
that we will keep making. So, I can't really say how many and when, but we will keep working on 
across categories and see and align our effort to the natural demand that we will witness based 
on the environmental factors. 
Shobhit Sharma: Okay, and Dhiren, just one question to you. So, should we expect our VNB 
growth outpace our APE growth? The benefit of the cost savings, the efficiency in the cost, so 
should we expect that to happen now? 
Dhiren Salian: No, I'm not giving guidance on this. The fundamental that we are looking at is 
growing VNB. As we bring some stability to the business, you will see that APE will be the lead to 
getting growth in VNB. 
Shobhit Sharma: Okay, thank you. Thank you and all the best. 
Dhiren Salian: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: Hi, I have a simple question. When you say that your conversations with 
distributors are going on with respect to the GST input tax credit deficit, what do you really mean? 
Does it mean that next quarter, supposing you kind of get into more favorable conversation, then 

 
20 
 
some of the ITC provision that you have made this quarter kind of reverses or what happens to 
the business that has been done till date? 
Dhiren Salian: Nischint, it's not about ITC provision. The input tax credit is no longer available and 
that is the cost that we have taken on the P&L as well as VNB. Now, as our conversations with 
distributions come to a close, if there is an element in terms of cutting commission, then we will 
get that implemented in the coming period. If that is effective first October, then it will be effective 
since then as well. 
Nischint Chawathe: So, when you say that there is going to be maybe some revision in 
commissions from October 1, then you obviously made some assumptions on commissions for the 
business in last three months, right? So, that kind of completely gets reset in the 4th Quarter. Is 
that how we should think about it? 
Dhiren Salian: No, that it doesn't. So, commissions will anyway be applicable going forward. And 
what we are looking at doing is optimizing along with commission, everything else that we have 
within our capabilities, technology, operations to be able to give better value in terms of operating 
leverage. 
Nischint Chawathe: Okay. So, basically what you're trying to say is that whatever the 
conversation that happens will be for prospective business and not really for retrospective 
business. Is that how we should think about it? 
Dhiren Salian: Yes. 
Nischint Chawathe: Got it. Thank you very much. That was my question. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mohit from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohit: Good evening and thanks for the opportunity. So, I have got two questions. My first 
question, I was looking at your bancassurance, where we have around 51 banca partnership. One 
year before, we had around 46. Despite adding new banks, their share in the protection and 
annuity has declined from 13% to 11%. So, how should we interpret this kind of decline, basically? 
Dhiren Salian: So, Mohit, the banks that we have added are actually quite small. Yes, the count 
has gone up from about 47 to now 51. But the banks that we have added are actually quite small. 
So, they would not have materially moved the mix at this point. 
Mohit: Okay. So, is there any concentration risk within this, within the banca business? 
Dhiren Salian: No, not really. Like I mentioned earlier, the largest single distributor is ICICI Bank, 
which is roughly about 15%, beyond which everyone is at best in the 5% range. And most others 
are quite small. 

 
21 
 
Mohit: Understood. That's helpful. My second question is towards the retail protection. So, I think, 
is it safe to say that your return of premium demand is going down and basically the focus is on 
selling pure term policies? 
Dhiren Salian: Mohit, again, I answered this in another context. Bulk of our business has always 
been a pure term. The return of premium has been quite small in the range of 10% to 15%. At this 
point, it was 10%. And that's what it is. At this stage, we are seeing that a bigger demand is 
visible in the pure protection plan. And very clearly, the impact of 0% GST is most felt on that plan. 
Mohit: Understood. And just to confirm, we are not repricing any of the retail protection policies, 
right? 
Dhiren Salian: No, there is no en masse repricing that is planned. 
Mohit: Understood. Thanks and wish you all the best. 
Dhiren Salian: Thanks  
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Raghvesh from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Raghvesh: Hi, congratulations on strong results. Now, I just have one question that mentioned 
persistency has been bad in some buckets. Now, we will decide on the operating variance at the 
end of Q4. But whatever the impact is there on the new business that is that should be visible in 
the VNB, that has been taken already or will that also be reassessed at the end of Q4? Yes, that's 
it. 
Dhiren Salian: So, Raghvesh, if there's an assumption update that we need to do that will impact 
VNB. Assumption updates are typically can be either directions. Generally, when I look at the 
assumption updates, these will be in the context of persistency, mortality and expense ratios. And 
these are elements that we look at in terms of whether these are permanent. Whatever is 
permanent gets passed through as an assumption update, whatever is temporary goes through 
as variance. This exercise will be done in the last quarter and we will take all of those updates at 
the March end financials. 
Raghvesh: Okay. So, essentially, there can be an update on the VNB margins as well? 
Dhiren Salian: No, not really. Not so much on the VNB. 
Raghvesh: Okay. Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the 
participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anup Bagchi for closing comments. 
Anup Bagchi: Thank you very much for joining. Have a good day. 
 

 
22 
 
Safe harbour: Please note that this transcript has been lightly edited for the purpose of clarity. Except for the historical 
information contained herein, statements in this release which contain words or phrases such as 'will', 'would', ‘indicating’, 
‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. 
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, 
but are not limited to our ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, the impact 
of any acquisitions, technological implementation and changes, the actual growth in demand for insurance products and 
services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, policies and actions of regulatory 
authorities; impact of competition; experience with regard to mortality and morbidity trends, lapse rates and policy 
renewal rates; the impact of changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and other legislations and 
regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our holding 
company, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance undertakes no 
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof.  
