 
 
 
Registered Office : “HDFC House”, 2nd Floor, H. T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020. 
Tel.: 022 - 6631 6333 Website: www.hdfcfund.com 
 
Ref/No/HDFCAMC/SE/2026-27/10                                                                        Date – April 22, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
Kind Attn: Sr. General Manager – DCS Listing 
Department  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026, 
conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors on April 16, 2026 which can also be accessed on the 
website of the Company at: https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/financial-information/shareholder-
presentation 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
Sonali Chandak 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Digitally signed by Sonali Nitin Chandak 
Date: 2026.04.22 15:31:30 +05'30'

 
 
 
“HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 16, 2026 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVNEET MUNOT – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. NAOZAD SIRWALLA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER  
 
MR. 
SIMAL 
KANUGA 
– 
CHIEF 
INVESTOR 
RELATIONS OFFICER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 26 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited. From the 
management team, we have with us Mr. Navneet Munot, Mr. Naozad Sirwalla, 
and Mr. Simal Kanuga. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Simal Kanuga who will give us a brief, 
following which we will proceed with the Q&A session. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Good evening everyone and thank you for joining this call. We'll begin with 
an overview of the industry. So, looking at the year gone by, Nifty 50 ended 
down 5%. Through the year, markets had to deal with multiple 
challenges/news flows, global uncertainty around tariffs and trade, geopolitical 
tensions leading to volatility in crude oil prices, etcetera. On top of this, we 
saw persistent FPI outflows which kept sentiment under pressure. 
 
So overall, a fairly difficult environment for markets. What clearly stood out 
was the continued participation of domestic investors. Despite the volatility, 
they not only stayed invested, but continued to repose their confidence in long-
term India growth story and markets. In fact, many used this corrective phase 
as an opportunity to allocate more prudently and systematically, rather than 
getting carried away by short-term market movements. 
 
Interestingly, if we look at the March quarter, the Nifty 50 was down by 14.5%. 
The flows into equity-oriented funds came in at INR1,340 billion compared to 
INR1,188 billion in December of 2025 quarter, when Nifty in fact was up by 
6%. SIP flows continued to inch up at a healthy pace. In March 2026, monthly 
SIP collections touched an all-time high of INR321 billion, up 24% year-on-
year, with 97 million contributing accounts. 
 
For the full year, the industry across asset classes saw healthy net inflows of 
INR7.4 trillion. Equity-oriented funds continued to be the primary driver, 
contributing close to INR4.9 trillion. ETFs witnessed strong inflows of about 
INR1.8 trillion, of which gold and silver ETFs combined attracted nearly INR1 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 26 
 
trillion. On the fixed income side, flows were relatively muted. Debt-oriented 
funds saw inflows of INR66 billion, liquid funds saw inflows of INR5 billion 
during the year. 
 
Let me highlight an interesting data point here. This, marks 14th consecutive 
financial year of positive net inflows for the industry as a whole. Another 
important trend is growth in number of mutual fund investors. So, it's not just 
deeper wallet share from existing set of investors, but also steady addition to 
new investors, driving industry growth. During the year, 7.2 million new 
investors entered mutual funds, taking the total investor base to 61.4 million. 
Participation from B30 locations also remains encouraging, with over 40% of 
SIP flows now coming from these markets. 
 
We now move to us. Overall QAAUM grew by 20% year-on-year to reach 
INR9.3 trillion, while equity-oriented AUM reached INR6 trillion. SIP and 
STP flows together stood at INR48.8 billion in March of 2026, growing by 
33% year-on-year. Our total accounts crossed 30 million, and unique investors 
with us are now at 16.7 million, an addition of 3.5 million over the year. To 
put that in context, industry as a whole added 7.2 million. 
 
In terms of mix, direct plans continue to gain traction and now account for 
about 31% of our equity AUM. Digital adoption remains very strong, with 97% 
of our transactions being digital. To zoom in, this number was 81% three years 
back and 69% six years back. 
 
During the year, we further strengthened our mutual fund offerings with launch 
of seven new schemes. Beyond mutual funds, we also made good progress in 
expanding our alternatives business with announcement of first close of our 
private credit fund with IFC as a partner and anchor investor. 
 
In our international business, based out of Gift City, we launched two inbound 
funds during the year, taking the total now to five. On portfolio management 
services side, we are seeing encouraging traction. We were awarded two 
marquee mandates during the year, one was from EPFO and the second one is 
from SPFO, the Seaman's Provident Fund Organization, both on fixed income. 
 
Now we move to financials. Total revenue for the year was INR46.2 billion, 
with revenue from operations at INR41.2 billion, growth of 18% year-on-year. 
Total expenses were INR9.1 billion. Operating profit for the year came in at 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 26 
 
INR32.1 billion, a Y-o-Y growth of 18% with an operating margin at 35 basis 
points of AUM. 
Profit after tax stood at INR28.6 billion, a year-on-year growth of 16%. Board 
earlier today recommended a dividend of INR54 per share compared to INR45 
per share adjusted for bonus issuance last year. That translates to a payout ratio 
of 81%, of course, this is subject to shareholder approval. Thank you very 
much. We can open up for questions starting now. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Sucrit Patil from Eyesight Fintrade. 
Sucrit Patil: 
Good evening to the team. I have two questions. My first question to Mr. 
Munot is, what are the key priorities for HDFC AMC in the coming quarters? 
How do you plan to bring more retail investors into mutual funds, strengthen 
distribution in smaller cities, and leverage digital platforms to make investing 
simpler and more engaging? I'd love to hear your insights on this. That's my 
first question, and I'll ask my second question after this? Thank you. 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. Thank you, Sucrit. So, as you can see over the last couple of years, 
industry has grown from strength to strength. Over the last couple of years, we 
are seeing tremendous focus on expanding the systematic book across all 
channels, across all geographies, across all investor segments. And while the 
industry has grown, we have got our fair share. We continue to focus on that, 
continue to serve investors across various channels through the physical branch 
network that we have, where we have significantly expanded in last couple of 
years, and we will continue to evaluate opportunities on that side. 
 
And on the other side, continue to invest in our digital capabilities, both our 
portal, website, and as well as the app are best-in-class in the industry. If you 
look at the transactions which used to be almost 30% physically done five, six 
years back, are almost now 97% or so get done digitally. So, we believe in 
what I call phygital - continue to expand our physical base to serve our 
distributors, our investors across the country and on the other side, best-in-class 
digital capabilities to serve our investors. 
 
On the product side, I mean as per the SEBI classification, most of the 
categories that a mutual fund house can have, we are present in all of those 
categories. Our aspiration is to, is to keep growing our market share in all of 
those categories, keep delivering good returns to the investors. They have more 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 26 
 
faith and then we get more money in those products and on the other side, 
continue to build our distribution capability. 
 
Over the next several years, apart from the mutual funds, we also see 
opportunities to grow the non-mutual fund side of the business, which includes 
our PMS capabilities. We had some early wins as, as well as on the alternatives 
side. In the initial comments, Simal has mentioned about what we are doing on 
the private credit side, on the Category 2 AIF, on the fund of fund side. And 
over a period of time, you will hear more from us on that side. 
The other opportunity I will highlight is on the international business. So, we 
have a 100% wholly-owned subsidiary in GIFT City, where we have five funds 
live. Over a period of time, we want to continue to build the product range and 
the distribution capability on that side, both for inbound money from global 
investors investing into India and outbound Indian investors investing globally. 
So, some of these are where we'll continue to focus. 
Sucrit Patil: 
Thank you. My second question to Mr. Sirwalla is, how are you approaching 
risks such as market volatility or any regulatory compliances that keeps on 
changing over the time, and rising cost, while still ensuring profitability 
remains steady and, you know, growth keeps on going from the company? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Sure, so I'll take the cost question first. So, if you break down our cost 
essentially into two components: employee cost and all other expenses 
together. So, on the employee cost front, excluding ESOPs, our cost has grown 
by about 12.5% year-on-year. And if you take this over the last five years, the 
CAGR for employee cost, again ex-ESOPs non-cash charge, is around 13%. 
During that period, our employee count has grown from 1,250 to around 1,700 
employees. 
 
Similarly, on the non-employee cost, they have increased at a CAGR of about 
13.5% over the last five years. So, while we don't give specific guidance, these 
will broadly grow in line with the business and the investments we are making 
across technology and people. Again, if we step back and look at cost relative 
to AUM over the last few years, there has been a clear downward trend. 
Despite investing in talent, building new capabilities and factoring long-term 
investment initiatives like stock options, we have improved overall efficiency. 
So, I think the focus is not necessarily cutting cost, but on managing them well 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 26 
 
while we continue to invest for growth. I think on risk management and 
volatility, of course, we have a team that, that ensures that they have the 
appropriate risk factors in place and we sort of manage that very, very actively 
across our compliance and risk team. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kushan Shah from The Financial Express. 
Kushan Shah: 
Yes, so my question was on the EPFO and SPFO mandates that you said that 
the AMC received. Is there any data on that? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So SPFO, that we've already started managing. EPFO, we are signing the 
agreement. So, both of them were part of RFP that was issued and both of these 
were awarded to us. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Piyush Kumar from Magnus Hathway 
Investments. 
Piyush Kumar: 
Okay, sir. So, my question is regarding the market share. So how do you see 
HDFC AMC growing its market share over the next few quarters and what 
exactly are you planning to do to gain further market share in this industry, sir? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, as I mentioned earlier that we have a good long-term track record across 
all strategies and on the other side, the work that we have been doing on the 
distribution side and given the product range, the performance track record, the 
platform that we have, over a period of time, we want optimized market share 
across all products. Incrementally, what I mentioned earlier on both what we 
are doing on physical presence, relationship with all channels, be it our mutual 
fund distributors, tens of thousands of them across the country. All the national 
distributors, the aggregators, all the banks where we have relationship and of 
course, the fin-tech channel, which has been growing quite a bit over the last 
couple of years. We continue to focus on each one of them, some of the other 
things I've mentioned earlier. 
Piyush Kumar: 
Okay, sir. Okay. One last question, sir. Sorry. Sir, how do you think artificial 
intelligence tools are going to affect the mutual fund industry? And how do 
you see going ahead the role of a mutual fund distributor in raising up the AUM 
for any AMC? So, do you think there is any chance of disruption from AI or 
any cloud computing from that, sir? Anything which you see coming for the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 26 
 
mutual fund industry, maybe from the B2B side or maybe from the B2C side? 
Do you see anything like that? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, our, our digital strategy is organized around becoming the digital AI wealth 
creator for every Indian. Our overall mission as an organization is to be the 
wealth creator for every Indian and the digital strategy is to be digital AI wealth 
creator for every Indian. So clear focus on three stakeholders: our investors, 
our distribution partners and the HDFC group ecosystem. So, the approach is 
not to merely adopt technology, but to use it to, to strengthen our scale, our 
efficiency, our investor experience. 
And I mentioned earlier that 97% of the transactions are already digital, but 
with the help of AI and all the digital tools, we continue to simplify our 
onboarding, our discovery, our engagement to drive the long-term participation 
from everyone rather than just the transactional usage. And we are clearly on 
a trajectory towards becoming a 100% digital transaction AMC. 
Across the organization, AI is being embedded as an operating layer from 
marketing and client engagement to investment processes, risk management, 
compliance. This acts like acting as a force multiplier for our teams rather than 
a replacement. And this allows faster decision making, it allows better risk 
oversight and of course, higher productivity. 
 
And all of this is built on a robust and cloud-based technology foundation. 
We're very particular about strong data architecture and a very, very rigorous 
cybersecurity standards. To summarize, I would say the objective is clear: to 
build scalable, defensible digital and AI capabilities that enhance the investor 
outcome, improve operating leverage and create a durable long-term 
competitive moat for HDFC AMC. 
 
We have announced today that Board has approved the appointment of Mr. 
Rajan Anandan as an invitee and external expert on the Technology Committee 
for a three-year term. Mr. Anandan is the currently a Managing Director at 
Peak XV Partners, who brings a deep global technology leadership experience. 
He's worked earlier with and has led Google in India and Southeast Asia. He 
had senior roles at Microsoft and Dell and was a partner at McKinsey. So, I 
think this strengthens the Board's technology oversight and provides an 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 26 
 
independent and high-quality guidance as our endeavour is to deepen our focus 
on digital and AI-led transformation. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhijeet from Kotak Securities Limited. 
Abhijeet: 
My first question was to, you know, pick up from the opening remarks on 
investor behaviour, especially in March, but broadly given the volatility in the 
preceding year. Like we, we don't see any, like major change in trends on the 
reported numbers, but maybe under the hood have you seen any change in 
behaviour in terms of ticket sizes or let's say, you know, let's say self-directed 
customers, their share kind of coming down in overall flows? Anything that 
you can highlight beyond the reported numbers? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, I'm sure you have seen the, the March industry flow data and the numbers 
really speak for themselves. And if you look at the book at the start of the year 
versus now in the context of how markets have behaved, what Simal touched 
upon earlier, one thing is quite clear that domestic households are increasingly 
investing with a long-term mindset. And they are beginning to appreciate the 
benefits of rupee cost averaging. 
In fact, feedback from all the distribution partners I engage with, it clearly 
suggests that many investors are comfortable with market corrections because 
it allows them to accumulate more units. So, credit to our industry campaigns, 
credit to our regulator, credit to all the distribution partners on the ground and 
the whole ecosystem that more and more investors are looking at investing in 
a disciplined manner with more long-term orientation. 
 
You, know, interesting part I was looking at the data today that if I remember 
correctly, highest flows in equity funds, equity and equity-oriented funds, 
hybrid funds have come in the month of March, where we had significant 
global geopolitical volatility. And the other month where we had higher flows 
was in the month of July, when India got hit with additional tariffs by US. 
And that clearly shows that in extreme volatility and when markets were not 
doing well, the Nifty and the other indices were down, investors use that an 
opportunity to put more money to work. I mean that clearly shows a very 
mature behaviour of investors. During the year, SIP book of the industry has 
grown by INR6,000 crores. You would have seen our number on the systematic 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 26 
 
book the way it has grown during the year. So I think that gives us quite a bit 
of comfort. 
 
I mean, I would still say I mean on the, on the cautionary note that we have to 
see the investor behaviour if markets stand under pressure for a much longer 
period. While over the last 18 months or so we have seen good volatility and 
investors have behaved in a highly mature manner, but I mean it is always 
tested over time, but for now I can say the trend is clearly encouraging. 
Abhijeet: 
Got it. Just one small follow-up, Navneet, there. Would you say that this, like 
contrarian approach is true across both the assisted as well as the self-directed 
channel or is there like a marked difference between the two? 
Navneet Munot: 
I think across both – Yes across. I mean you can see the way number of 
contributing accounts have increased during the year on the SIP side. At the 
beginning of the year, there were 81 million SIP contributing accounts that 
AMFI publishes and that number closed at 97.2 million as of March 26. So, 
there is an increase of 16 million accounts. And as we mentioned in the opening 
remarks that this year markets have not done well. 
Abhijeet: 
Got it. I had one question on like when I look at the share of HDFC Bank in 
the mix of equity AUM, that has kind of come down. Any thoughts on that 
number, please? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, the bank share in the distribution pie decreasing, I don't think that's the 
right way of looking at it. What we are seeing is broad-based growth across all 
our distribution channels. And I mentioned in the beginning itself that we are 
focused on all channels that includes all the banks, national distributors, our 
mutual fund distributors, Fintechs, direct, all the registered advisors, etcetera. 
So, it's really a case of the overall opportunity expanding rather than any other 
channel losing out. HDFC Bank remains a very important partner for us and 
the potential within that channel is very significant.  
We continue to work very closely with the bank and there is clear alignment at 
the top. All my interactions with Shashi and team reinforce that point. There 
are changes that take time to play through, but we are confident that results 
will follow. You know that HDFC Bank has always followed an open 
architecture approach. This occasionally results in event-driven or seasonal 
variation, particularly in quarters when peers launch a large NFO and the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 26 
 
parent bank is actively involved, that can lead to short-term movement in the 
flow market share. 
 
Importantly for us, particular thing that we monitor closely is the quality of 
flows and the SIP share through the bank. That continues to remain strong. 
And which is what build the durable AUM over a period of time. I should also 
mention about the relationship with HDFC Securities. Our share of flow with 
the HDFC Securities continue to remain very encouraging. So overall, I mean, 
I remain very constructive on the opportunity it presents over medium to long 
term. 
Abhijeet: 
Got it. Just one small data point question, is it possible to give some sense on 
what could be the contribution of flows or SIP from Fintech players? That will 
be all. Thank you. 
Simal Kanuga: 
We can get back to you with this data point. 
Abhijeet: 
Okay, sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from JP Morgan. 
Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi, good evening. Sorry, I missed a little bit of your call because your sister 
concern had a call running parallelly. So, I wanted to just -- if you've not given, 
can you spell out the asset class-wise yields? And this quarter, I think on a 
blended basis, yields are slightly down. So, is that mainly because of mix or is 
there some internal sort of change in the yield? So that would be my first 
question? 
Second, on expenses, admin and other opex has seen a slight increase. Nothing 
too big, but what sort of run rate are we looking at over here? And also, on 
your flow versus book market share, how has that trended in 4Q? Are we sort 
of broadly flow share is beating book share? Yes, those would be my three 
questions. Thanks. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Sure Madhukar. So, on the yields for the different classes, equity was around 
56 basis points, debt 28 and liquid 13. And blended for the year was 45. There 
is actually no yield compression in the quarter. This quarter the Q4 is a 90-day 
quarter and Q3 was a 92-day quarter. So that, if you simply divide without 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 26 
 
adjusting for number of days, then you may have come to that number, but the 
yields are flat from there. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Got it. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Madhukar just one thing, this 56 of equity that Naozad touched upon, that 
includes equity index funds. If you take that out, if you look at only actively 
managed equity and equity-oriented, it is 60-61 basis points.  
Naozad Sirwalla: 
On your third question on expenses, it's I mean it's just BAU, there is nothing 
-- it's up by 7%. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
No, I was looking at it more on a quarter-on-quarter basis? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Yes, quarter-on-quarter other expenses up 8%. So, in absolute terms is like a 
really small number.  
Madhukar Ladha: 
It's not too big nothing specific on that, right? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Madhukar even the CSR and all these things, because those things which are 
linked directly like a royalty, CSR, they are linked with our profits, revenues. 
So as that goes up by default these are like mandatory stroke statutory 
expenses.  
Navneet Munot: 
And I would say, Madhukar, that we've always said that we run a very tight 
ship, very, very tight ship. I mean, look at our expense as a basis point of our 
AUM, we would be one of the best run not only in India but, but in the world. 
And we are in a growth business. And I would emphasize we are at very early 
stage of financialization of savings in India.  
We want to make the most of the opportunity which lies ahead. We are 
expanding our footprint on the physical side. We are expanding our digital 
capabilities, the investment in AI, in our investment capability, product 
capability. We're very excited from a long-term perspective on the alternatives.  
It requires upfront investment in terms of the kind of talent we have onboarded 
on the PMS the kind of talent we've onboarded on the international side, the 
setup that we've put in place. All of this will result in the business over a period 
of time, but we shouldn't shy away from investing in all of these opportunities. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 26 
 
Navneet Munot: 
Madhukar, given the scale of our business, few crores here and there. Be it like 
marketing, be it technology, be it in people, these are like foundational blocks 
for long-term growth and should not shy away from that. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Yes. The flow versus book market share and then also, I mean if I can add in 
one more question, see we are I think it seems that we are going a little bit 
slower on the entire SIF launch. So, what are your thoughts over there and what 
-- when should we expect sort of any action over there and sort of your build 
up on alternatives, if you could give some commentary around that? 
Navneet Munot: 
So overall flows are higher than the book share, that much I can tell you. And 
we remain focused as I said across all products, across all channels, across all 
geographies and we continue to remain focused on that.  
On your question on SIF, so we have secured all necessary regulatory 
approvals. From our standpoint, getting the approval is just the starting point. 
Real question is, how do we participate in a way that is consistent with our 
philosophy? And for us, that means being very clear on two things. One, the 
product has to be investment-led and two it has to solve for a genuine client 
need, rather than just occupy shelf space. 
 
So, we are not approaching this as a race. In a category like this, being early 
doesn't necessarily create an advantage. In fact, the first few products will end 
up shaping investor expectations for the entire segment. So, we would much 
rather be thoughtful and deliberate. And that has always been our view on all 
products.  
The good part is we are not starting from scratch, right? I mean, we already 
have the underlying capabilities. And what capabilities are needed? You need 
investment management capability, you need risk management capability, and 
you need product management capability. And of course, on the other side, we 
have the best distribution capability. 
 
So, the team is working on designing a couple of products in this space which 
are differentiated. So, in terms of impact, I would view this as more strategic 
than immediate. It's not going to move the needle overnight. The category itself 
will take time to develop and investor understanding will have to built.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 26 
 
But over a period of time, having a well thought out SIF offering becomes 
important if you want to be seen as a complete investment platform. And we 
have always mentioned, we want to be the one-stop solution provider. So, the 
product will be there, but we are, I mean, have always been more thoughtful 
and deliberate and we'll always be. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Got it. Understood. All the best, sir. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you, Madhukar. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mahek from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Mahek: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on the regulatory 
change with respect to TERs. So, I am sorry if I am asking the question again 
maybe, but if you can just help us with any update on how are you looking at 
the change in TERs and whether you have kind of gone into any negotiations 
with the distributors? That would be my first question.  
Second is, if I look at the unique investor market share that has increased to 
around 27%. Could you give some color on how -- on particularly which 
geographies are driving this market share accretion and through which 
channels would be kind of the major driver? And third question would lastly 
be on whether you are planning to come out with any NFOs in future. 
Navneet Munot: 
So, on the new TER regulations that you asked, so we have a new terminology 
in the industry now, it's called BER, the Base Expense Ratio. It is still early 
days, and you will hear more from us over time on how we propose to deal 
with the impact, including changes in distribution commission, our margins 
and the overall impact on the ecosystem. This time, the impact is on select few 
schemes. Largest strategies are the ones seeing the impact, and smaller 
strategies are even seeing some degree of markup. 
 
So, let me break this into two parts; one on the existing book and the other one 
on the new flows. So, starting with the existing book, for us the gross impact 
is about 3 to 4 basis points and our approach is to largely offset this through 
optimization of commission structures, along with prudent management of 
both the direct as well as indirect costs. So overall, the targeted impact on our 
P&L should not be material. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 26 
 
 
I know the obvious question is around quantification of the same, but still early 
for us to give a precise number. Having said that, you would appreciate we 
have navigated similar changes in the past and I would point you to look at 
how we have managed outcomes over time. 
 
Second part is coming on the flows. So, coming to flows, there are couple of 
changes here as well. Firstly, the earlier 5 basis points available in lieu of exit 
load is now removed, which is a straight reduction. And secondly, there is a 
shift in the structure post April 1, 2026. So earlier it was TER which included 
GST on distribution commission and other expenses, while GST on 
management fees was in addition to TER, whereas now we move to a base 
expense ratio framework with GST kept completely outside of TER. So yes, 
we will need to make suitable adjustments to ensure margins evolve in line 
with our expectations. 
Mahek: 
Yes, thanks, sir. That answers the question. And secondly, on the unique 
investor market share increase, like what would be the kind of geographies 
driving would be the Tier 2, Tier 3 markets and what would be the channel 
through which these customers are largely coming in? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, I mean, we get money from almost 98% or so of zip codes from the country. 
I mean, the share of new investors I think have been coming from like almost 
all geographies. The B30 towns is the parlance in our industry, beyond the top 
30 towns, have been adding lot of new investors and we have been a 
beneficiary of that. And Yes, I mean, the Fintech is a channel where lot of new 
accounts on the SIP side getting opened up where we have a very decent share. 
And of course, all the other channels continue to see expansion of new unique 
investors. 
Mahek: 
Okay. And are you planning out for any NFOs in the near future? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean, we look at some product gap, but overall, I mean if you look at our 
product bouquet, portfolio is fairly well-rounded. We are present across most 
of the key categories. So, there isn't a need to keep adding products for the sake 
of it. I think the bigger opportunity for us actually is within the existing lineup. 
So, there are funds which have delivered steady consistent outcome for 
decades, but haven't necessarily been in the top bracket in terms of visibility 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 26 
 
and the AUM that they have. So, lot of our effort is going into sharpening these 
and moving them up the curve.  
On the new launches, we'll stay very selective. If we do something in the 
thematic or sector space or in the passive space, it will be backed by strong 
conviction from the investment team and a clear market opportunity. 
Otherwise, we are quite comfortable with the portfolio that we have. And 
beyond as I mentioned earlier, beyond mutual funds, from an overall platform 
perspective, we continue to expand on the PMS, AIF, international, GIFT City, 
all of those opportunities to cater to a wider set of client needs. 
Mahek: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shreyas from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Shreyas: 
Hi, thank you so much for the opportunity. I wanted to understand flow market 
share qualitatively. While I understand we have a robust track record of 
investment performance, but our calculations suggest that in Q4, the flow 
market share has been lower than the flow market share that was in Q3. Can 
you help us understand the reasons behind it? 
Simal Kanuga: 
No, I don't think so.  
Navneet Munot: 
How are you arriving at that?  
Simal Kanuga: 
No, actually, you would have missed the dividend payout. See, most of our 
schemes payout dividend in the last quarter, you would have taken dividend 
payouts as redemptions, IDCW in the way it is now called. For the investors 
who have subscribed for the IDCW scheme -- that would have led to your 
computation, but that's not the data point. 
Shreyas: 
Okay, understood. And second question was in terms of the performance of 
schemes in one-year bucket. Actually, except mid cap and value category 
within the equity-oriented schemes, the scheme performance and the rank of 
HDFC AMC among the industry players has deteriorated. Can you help me 
understand how -- what was the reason behind it and how are we trying to 
improve the performance? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 26 
 
Navneet Munot: 
No, not at all. In fact, we continue to be in top 2 quartiles across most of the 
categories, across like time periods including longer term performance. Large 
number of our funds are rated 4 and 5 stars by Value Research. As I said, flow 
market share remains better than the book market share. The team is clearly 
amongst the most experienced in the top tier. The investment philosophy or 
style has stood test of time since delivered, you know, delivered best-in-class 
performance over a long period of time. There is enough and more data now 
available on the flows and that does suggest continuing trend in our favor.  
And finally, let me leave you with one thing. Investors as well as distributors, 
they don't look at fund performance over one or two quarters. As you move 
right on the timeline graph, we stand out clearly. And there is more and more 
appreciation of a long-term track record of alpha generation across our 
strategies. If I remember correctly, 12 or 13 of our funds have got a track record 
over 15 years, and several of them going back 20 or 25 or 30-year plus track 
record of alpha generation. And investors, distributors, they all appreciate the 
kind of long-term track record that we have got. 
Shreyas: 
Understood. Thank you so much. Just the last clarifying question. You 
highlighted that the impact on yields on two fronts, existing book and new 
flows. Existing book you highlighted that there will not be any material impact. 
And on new flows you said that 5 basis point in lieu of exit load. So overall on 
new flows there will be 5 basis point impact is what? 
Navneet Munot: 
No. So, the earlier 5 basis points available in lieu of exit load is now removed. 
So that will be a straight reduction from the distribution commission, right, 
because this was paid out as the commission. 
Shreyas: 
Okay. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Yes. So, the new commissions that we have published factors that into account 
and thereby we have kind of come out with new commission structure, which 
is lower to that much an extent. 
Shreyas: 
Understood. So, there is overall no material impact on P&L? 
Simal Kanuga: 
That is what we are striving for. 
Shreyas: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir, for answering my questions. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 26 
 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Service. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes, hi. Just one question on the -- so if you look at the top three schemes as 
they account for a significant portion of our AUM on equity side, probably 
closer to above 50% of equity plus hybrid put together. So, you know, and 
given that the smaller schemes would have relative more advantage in the new 
TER structures, do you think that that can be a strategy for us where we kind 
of push these more the smaller category product, smaller sized schemes to kind 
of protect our yields as well and also from a diversification of AUM 
perspective? 
Navneet Munot: 
Advantage to whom, Prayesh? I mean, it is advantageous to investors. We exist 
for our investors. And as the scheme, given the telescopic pricing, as the 
scheme becomes bigger, you have a lower TER and that much of additional 
returns baked in for the investor and I feel very happy for them. 
Over a period of time, I think people underappreciate this aspect. One, if you 
look at the long-term track record of larger schemes, I think that has been 
outstanding. And on the other side, as the TER has the impact from the 
telescopic pricing, investors tend to gain and ultimately, I mean the fate of our 
industry is decided by the investors and if they make better returns, good for 
us. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. The other question was on the yields on the AIF and the PMS book. If 
you could spell that out for us, so it's kind of easier for us to think about what 
kind of incremental revenue contribution that can come in from these two 
products over the next few years? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, on the alternative business, marginal premium to our equity margins. On 
the PMS side, pure discretionary is in line with equity margins. The non-
discretionary, particularly the EPFO and SPFO kind, these are Government of 
India mandates and among the most prestigious and very tightly contested 
opportunities. So, we are honored to have been selected. That said, this is a 
segment that operates under very, very tight economics. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 26 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
So, when you say this is, these are the net yields, right? X of distribution 
commissions? 
Navneet Munot: 
That's right. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Right. Right. And just on the guidance on expense growth for FY27 and '28, 
anything that you can guide on what kind of expense growth we should look at 
on an absolute basis, that would be great. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, we don't give out guidance generally. And I think I said it in one of the 
previous questions that if you look at our last 5 years CAGR of employee cost 
and other expenses, it's been around the 13% mark. And we and I think you 
heard Navneet also say that we focus on cost. At the same time, we are mindful 
of the opportunity ahead of us in terms of growth and we'll keep investing 
around it. But there is no specific guidance we generally give out on cost. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. And last question, any color that you want to give on how the SIP 
trajectory has now -- is there any change because obviously March data was 
good and probably was because of some rollover effect of February. But any 
color on how the SIP book has been progressing and also any difference 
between how the direct channel versus assisted channel is kind of seeing 
differential trends between the SIPs that they are generating? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mentioned earlier I gave the numbers in terms of the SIP contributing 
accounts. We started the year at 81 million in March '25 and closed the year at 
97.2 million. So, an increase of 16 million accounts in a year where markets 
were down. And in the last quarter of the financial year where we saw 
significant volatility, particularly in the month of March, and we not only 
closed with highest ever SIP monthly flow, but we also had relatively higher 
the overall flow into equity and equity-oriented funds. 
I mean that just reflects the maturity of individual investors. I mean there is 
more stickiness of investor behaviour and really reinforces the long-term 
nature of SIP participation. And we are seeing that across both, I mean direct 
as well as distributor led. Over a longer period of time, I think AMFI has 
published this data some time back that the longevity of investors has been 
greater with those who have come through distributors because there is like 
more hand-holding versus the direct investors. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 26 
 
In last couple of years, we have seen very significant increase in investors who 
have invested directly. Last couple of quarters notwithstanding the volatility, 
numbers have been encouraging, but we have to see that trend observe that 
trend over a longer period of time. We continue to, as a house and as an 
industry, as a large player in the industry, continue to focus a lot on investor 
awareness campaigns, both physically and digitally. 
In fact, as a house, we have been very passionate about investor education 
campaigns across the country and keep highlighting to investors that rupee cost 
averaging works in your favor. Think long-term, don't get swayed by the 
volatility, stay true to your goals, focus on the goals rather than the short-term 
market movement. And I think, Yes, I mean those efforts are really paying off. 
And we hope that investors will continue to maintain this disciplined way of 
investing. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Supratim Datta from Jefferies 
India. Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Most of my questions have been answered. But it 
was very heartening to hear the feedback on how investors have behaved in 
March. Just wanted to understand, is there some color around with the 
lumpsum flows or the additional flows that came in during March or during 
the market correction, was it from new investors or existing investors putting 
in more money into the existing folios? If you could give some color there that 
would be helpful. Thank you. 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. In fact, interesting part is a larger part of flows into equity and equity-
oriented funds are coming in the form of SIPs. And they are relatively more 
sticky. Predicting lumpsum flows have not been easy, but -- and there is some, 
I would say, variability in that. 
But the interesting trend that I talked about earlier that two particular months 
where there was volatility and more FPI selling, I think it was month of July 
last calendar year and the month of March in '26, both the months saw higher 
flows on a relative basis versus I think it was May last year where FPIs turned 
buyers and markets were volatile, but were better and we saw lower flows. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 26 
 
So maybe there is a contrarian behaviour among the investors who are 
investing in a lumpsum manner, trying to take advantage when market is down 
while waiting on the sidelines or booking little bit of profit when market is up. 
Supratim Datta: 
Understood. That's very helpful. Thank you. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please 
go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi, good evening, sir. So just two questions from my side. First, you quantified 
the impact of this new base TER and other regulations on at a gross level and 
also the strategy in terms of distributor commission cuts that you might 
undertake going ahead. Just wanted to understand, that other non-distributed 
costs and other overheads also that you can manage. 
 
So just wanted to understand, I mean, is there a thought process around your 
RTA payouts and when do these renegotiations really happen and do you think 
that at least for the next two to three-year perspective, there is any scope or 
headroom available on that side to curtail cost? 
 
The second question was on the unique investor count. Obviously, your market 
share has expanded rapidly and it kind of showcases maybe a lot of new 
customers coming in through the fintech channels given that they are probably 
the largest originators of new customers. Now given this current market 
downturn and maybe the ongoing pain in the broader Indian equities over the 
last many quarters now, I mean two things: one is, how is the customer wallet 
really divided between different players on these platforms? 
 
I mean, have you guys done any study on that? And secondly is in terms of the 
customer behavior during this current downturn? I mean, any difference 
between the more assisted channels and let's say the DIY sort of channels out 
there? Yes, those were my questions. 
Navneet Munot: 
So, couple of questions. First on the expenses on the fund side. So, I think I 
mentioned in the context of operating expenses of the AMC that we run a very 
tight ship, I can say the same about the fund expenses also. We try to optimize 
it for our investors across all the costs that we have while ensuring that they 
get best-in-class service. Won't comment more on that. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 26 
 
 
The second question was on the way we've been adding the unique investors 
and from the presentation you can see that the penetration which was 17.6% in 
March '23 has gone up to 27% in March '26. Over the last three financial years, 
we would have added almost 10 million investors, 1 crore new unique investors 
in the fund house. 
 
So, it's been a very interesting good journey for us, I think reflection of the 
investment performance, reflection of all the investments that we have been 
making in on the distribution side and of course the reflection of the brand and 
the franchise. And we continue to remain focused on that. Your other question 
was on fintech as a channel, right, our share in the fintech? 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Yes, so the question was more on, let's say the wallet share of a customer, how 
that would be divided between you and other players when they're deciding on 
let's say allocation through the fintech channel. And in that regard also how 
their behavior has been versus let's say the assisted channels during this 
downturn? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, I mean as I said that our flow share through the fintech channel is also 
higher than the book share. So that reflects, I think a strong presence on their 
platforms. Our folios also, I think this year we have moved up from 2.3 crores 
folios to 3 crores folios, so 70 lakh folios have got added in last one year or so. 
And while we have added around 35 lakh new investors. So, investors are 
investing, I mean every investor is on an average investing in more than one 
product of ours. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
And sorry but Navneet if you can give some color on the customer behavior of 
this on these channels versus let's say the assisted channels in let's say the last 
two or three months? 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. I mean it will be really difficult. I mean we can only look at the data at 
our end and I think you should ask some of these guys when you get an 
opportunity. But see they have added very large number of new investors to 
the industry in last four or five years. 
 
I think in FY '20 the number of investors coming through the fintechs would 
have been less than a million. And that number is now multiple of that in in the 
last year, I think probably more than 30 million or so. So, it has been an 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 26 
 
exponential growth in last four or five years. And I think we have to give it a 
little bit of more time to really assess the behavior of all of these investors. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it, got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mohit Mangal from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Thanks for the opportunity and good evening, everyone. My first question is is 
on the distribution mix. So, I was looking at your distribution mix and I was 
looking at the share of banks excluding the HDFC Bank. Now if I compare say 
over the last 12 months, this the share has been down, I mean the share is 
basically down by around 30 to 40 basis points both on an overall basis as well 
as on the equity AUM basis. So just wanted to know that you know is the flow 
market share higher than the book market share here as well and what are the 
strategies you know so that we can increase the share here as well? 
Navneet Munot: 
You're talking about, I've answered about the HDFC Bank share, are you 
asking about banks other than HDFC Bank? 
Mohit Mangal: 
Yes, sir, yes sir. 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes. So other than few banks like SBI which is almost a closed architecture 
and few other banks which are more guided, particularly on the retail 
distribution side where there would be a lesser share, but we have a very 
healthy relationship with almost all the other banks, continue to work hard with 
them and won't be able to share like individual data but with all the other banks 
who operate under an open architecture, our share has been a decent, Yes, has 
been healthy. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Okay. So, you would say the counter share is increasing with all these banks? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, so I think what you are seeing is like the overall pie. But what happens that 
there is a broad-based growth across all distribution channels, right? So, banks 
are growing, national distributors are growing, MFDs are growing, fintechs are 
growing and then of course the direct investors are growing. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 26 
 
 
So, it's like opportunity is expanding for all the channels. And then there could 
be periods where on a relative basis one channel has grown higher than the 
other. Endeavor at our end is to ensure that we optimize across all channels. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. My next question is on the market share bit. So, actually I was 
looking at your market share the last eight to nine quarters, you know, it's pretty 
much constant at around 12.8%-13-odd percent. Do you have any aspiration to 
increase your market share to say maybe a 14% or a 15% or do you have any 
vision or strategy, you know, to how you how one can achieve the same? 
Navneet Munot: 
If I remember correctly, I think in the early part of last decade it would have 
been 20%, but of course the overall size of the market was small, incremental 
flows were like a small fraction of what we get now. In last two years, the net 
flows in the industry are like over INR9 lakh crores. I mean this was the total 
equity AUM couple of years back what we have got in terms of flows. 
 
So, I mean now the market share what you are seeing is on a much larger base 
of AUM and much, much larger base of flows. Having said that, aspiration is 
always very high. As I said, 10-15 years back we used to have a much larger 
share. Of course, the overall environment is different but our aspiration is 
always to grow more. 
 
I'll put it this way. At our end and I genuinely get deeply driven by this and 
each and every everybody in HDFC AMC, our mission is to be the wealth 
creator for every Indian. To be the wealth creator for every Indian. So, while 
on this call I answer all the questions surrounding market share and margins 
and everything, but over a period of time we believe that in a country of 1.4 
billion people, I mean industry has only got 60 million investors. And we have 
got 17 million. We take pride that every fourth investor has invested with us, 
but there are three investors in the industry out of those four who are yet to 
invest. And we have penetrated quite deeply in last couple of years and want 
to penetrate more over a period of time.  
The other opportunity is if you compare the people who have invested in capital 
market versus the people who are in the mutual fund industry. So, my sense is 
at least 13 crore people have invested in capital market and there are 60 million 
in the mutual fund. So, there are another 60-70 million investors who have 
invested directly.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 26 
 
And last couple of years would have given them, I mean looking at the market 
and you would have better data than me, last couple of years of experience 
would have taught them that it's better to invest through a professional fund 
manager like us than doing on their own. And of course, there is opportunity 
beyond that.  
So, I think a very big opportunity on expanding the market, lot of efforts that 
we put in place and as I said that everybody at our end is passionate about 
investor education and we do many interesting things on the ground, digitally, 
virtually in many ways. Several of our campaigns have been extraordinarily 
popular and appreciated not only by the investors but even the other industry 
players.  
And so, our focus as a large player is on growing the market as much as getting 
higher share in in the flows that that we are getting. In fact, the SIP flows that 
everybody talks about in last four or five years, there is huge contribution of 
HDFC AMC because like we were one of the earliest one to talk about 
importance of long-term investing, importance of investing through the SIPs, 
remaining disciplined, etcetera. And all the players who did that over the years, 
I mean overall as an industry we have been a beneficiary. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Right, right. No this is very helpful. Thanks, and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sourav Mondal from Artha 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Sourav Mondal: 
So, you know, as retail investors as we see these days increasingly seeking 
personalized portfolios rather than generic mutual fund units, so how do you 
see the firm positioning its technology stack to offer, direct indexing kind of a 
thing at a scale. Over the next decade, how do you foresee this impacting the 
traditional active asset management? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mentioned earlier that we have large number of products which have been in 
existence for a long period of time. I am a very big believer in active investing 
and our track record speaks about it. I also believe over the next several years, 
given the opportunity in Indian market, I always call this as stock pickers' 
paradise. There is time arbitrage. If you think long term and ignore the short-
term noise, there is research opportunity if you put in good resources with good 
people, a well-laid out philosophy, the processes in place, you can continue to 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 26 
 
generate alpha and we continue to invest in those capabilities. We have one of 
the most experienced team in the industry and remain positive on that.  
On the other side, there would be investors who would meet their certain needs 
through the passive funds and we have the best-in-class product bouquet on 
that, be it index fund or ETFs, be it market cap indices or the smart beta or 
sector thematic passive, I mean the ETFs as well as index fund. And of course, 
the distribution capability to grow both sides of our business. 
Sourav Mondal: 
Thank you. The next question I have is regarding the alternative, so alternative 
needs kind of specialized talent and what kind of cost to AUM ratio do you see 
on alternative division versus let's say the mutual fund? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean we don't give segment wise cost to income, but I mentioned earlier the 
work that we have been doing to grow our alternatives business and our PMS 
business. As of now, I mean we have hired high-quality investment resources, 
putting in place client service capabilities, putting in place all the other 
capabilities in place to grow it over a period of time. We don't give like 
segmental cost. 
Sourav Mondal: 
Okay. Thank you. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ansh Mehta from Value 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
Ansh Mehta: 
Thanks for the color so far and all the responses. Just one question from my 
side, this is on the other income component. You know, I am assuming this has 
come from the dip in yields towards the end of March. But just want to 
understand, because one of our, you know, one of the other AMCs reported a 
loss in this quarter. So, was this driven because of a heavier tilt towards sort of 
debt instruments as yields softened or was it more through active tactical 
rotation? I mean, how should we think about that?  
And also, you know, given the given the correction in Nifty in March because 
of the crisis, how are we adjusting our investment books, bond books duration 
or equity sensitivity to ensure that other income continues to remain a 
smoothed-in proportion of our total income? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Okay, right. So, if you see page 34 of our investor presentation, we have given 
the breakdown of the investments across multiple asset classes. The equity 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 26 
 
investment in mutual funds that we have on the balance sheet is largely due to 
the skin in the game circular from SEBI. So that portion of the equity 
investments saw a drawdown because of the market correction in the Q4, right. 
The rest of the portfolio is largely in liquid and debt mutual funds and we of 
course have invested in some of our own AIFs, those are early days of 
investment.  
On the liquid and debt side, we run a fairly reasonable duration and we keep it 
fairly passive there. We are not trying to do too much active management on 
the mutual fund debt investments that we have on the balance sheet. And equity 
is largely, almost all of the equity investment in the mutual funds are because 
of skin in the game circular. So, this is an outcome of the market movements. 
Ansh Mehta: 
Sure. And just going forward, I mean do you continue to do you plan to 
continue this, comfortable duration on the debt side? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Yes, we are we are not very long on the debt duration in any case. 
Ansh Mehta: 
Okay. Sure. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Navneet Munot for closing comments. 
Navneet Munot: 
To sum up, despite a volatile year for markets, investors continued to invest in 
a highly disciplined manner, as reflected in rising SIP flows. For us, it has been 
a year of consistent progress across AUM, investor base and product 
expansion, along with strengthening our presence across mutual funds, 
alternatives and international business. We remain focused on disciplined 
execution and delivering long-term value to all our stakeholders. Thank you 
for your time today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of HDFC Asset Management Company 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
