 
 
Date: February 17, 2026 
 
To
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Ltd. 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai- 400 001  
To
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Ref: BSE Scrip Code:  533941 and NSE Symbol: THOMASCOTT 
 
Sub.: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Earnings Conference 
call held on Monday, 16th February, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith the 
Transcript of Q3 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call for the Un-Audited Financial Results 
for the quarter and Nine Months ended December 31, 2025 held on Monday, 16th 
February, 2026 at 12:00 P.M (IST). 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Thomas Scott (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
Brijgopal Bang 
Managing Director 
DIN: 00112203 
 
Encl.: a/a 
BRIJGOPAL 
BALARAM 
BANG
Digitally signed 
by BRIJGOPAL 
BALARAM BANG 
Date: 2026.02.17 
18:49:27 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
Thomas Scott (India) Limited 
Q3 & Nine Months FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Thomas Scott (India) Limited Q3 & Nine 
Months FY2026 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Valorem Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand over the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you 
and over to you Ms. Jain. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Good afternoon, everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of Thomas Scott (India) Limited. 
On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the Company's 
Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter and Nine-Months Ended of the Financial Year 
2026. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings conference call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from 
those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well as assumptions 
made by and information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not 
to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decisions. 
The purpose of “Today's Earnings Call is Purely to Educate and Bring Awareness about the 
Company's Fundamental Business and Financial Quarter under Review.” 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings call and 
hand it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Vedant Bang, Managing 
Director, heading the E-commerce Division of the company. Without any delay, I request Mr. 
Vedant to start with his “Opening Remarks.” Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vedant Bang: 
Thank you, Purvangi, and good afternoon to everyone and a very warm welcome to all of you 
for joining our earnings conference call. 

 
Page 2 of 16 
As some of you may be new to our company, I would like to begin with a Brief Overview about 
the Company and then move on to our Operational and Financial Performance for the Third 
Quarter and the Nine-Months ended of the Financial Year 2026.” 
Thomas Scott (India) Limited was incorporated in 2010 as a traditional apparel manufacturer 
and has since evolved over the years into a technology-enabled fashion retailer. 
The company has been formed through a de-merger of Bang Overseas Limited, with a vision of 
creating a focused retail and fashion business. Initially, we operated as a contract manufacturer 
for apparels from our Solapur facility for reputed domestic clients. This base laid the foundation 
for strong product quality, disciplined manufacturing, and deep relationships across the 
apparel ecosystem. 
Over the years, we have identified an opportunity to move closer to the consumer and build 
our own retail identity. 
Building on the legacy of our manufacturing excellence, Thomas Scott has transformed into a 
digital-first, 
data-driven 
fashion 
company, 
integrating 
technology, 
analytics, 
and 
manufacturing to deliver trend-led products with speed and precision. 
Our plug-and-play ecosystem combines real-time data forecasting, real-time demand for 
inventory optimization, and rapid product launch capability. This built-for-demand model 
allows us to bring new styles to market in a very short time, thereby managing inventory risks 
and ensuring high responsiveness to consumer preferences. 
Today, we operate 12-plus brands and 22,000-plus SKUs, including our own flagship brand, 
“Thomas Scott.” 
We also support major global international brands through partnerships with marketplaces. 
Our products are distributed through leading online platforms like Myntra and others, as well 
as through our own offline stores in Bangalore for our brand, Thomas Scott. 
With manufacturing units in Solapur, Bangalore, and Gurgaon, and fulfillment centers across 
India, we ensure a high degree of control over quality, efficiency, and delivery speed. 
Positioned in the online premium fashion segment, Thomas Scott, our own brand, caters to 
aspirational, brand-conscious consumers who value style and quality at accessible prices. 
We continue to strengthen our technology and analytics platforms. Our own platforms, Thread 
AI and Catalog AI, are normally being actively deployed across product planning, demand 
forecasting, and catalog management. These tools allow us to identify emerging fashion trends 

 
Page 3 of 16 
quickly, gain pricing insights, and determine high-demand products, leading to better 
conversion rates and faster response to changing market preferences. 
Building on a strong foundation, we continue to focus on scaling our operations efficiently, 
deepening our brand presence, and leveraging technology to drive sustainable, profitable 
growth. 
With that background, let me now take you through the “Company's Performance for the Third 
Quarter and Nine Months ended of FY 2026.” For the quarter under review, we delivered our 
highest-ever quarterly sales performance this quarter. Revenue from operations stood at 
INR66 crores, an increase of 46% year-on-year. 
EBITDA for the period stood at Rs.8 crores, reflecting a 41% increase year-on-year. EBITDA 
margins stood at 11.92%. Profit after tax stood at INR5 crores, an increase of 67% year-on-year, 
and PAT margins stood at 7.54%. 
For the “Nine Months ended of the Financial Year,” revenue from operations stood at INR177 
crores, an increase of 56% year-on-year. 
EBITDA for the period stood at Rs.22 crores, up 75% year-on-year, with EBITDA margins at 
12.65%. 
Net profit for the nine months stood at Rs.13 crores, registering an 82% year-on-year increase, 
with PAT margins of 7.4%. 
This strong financial performance reflects disciplined execution and operating leverage gained 
from our scale and digital models. This performance was despite the fact that during the 
quarter we encountered an unforeseen incident at one of our warehouses in Bhiwandi in 
Maharashtra. On 25th November 2025, an accidental fire resulted in the loss of inventory and 
certain fixed assets stored at that location. I am relieved to share that there was no loss or 
injury to life. The affected inventory was adequately insured under a valid insurance policy. The 
estimated losses are fully covered and the insurance claim process is currently underway. 
Thanks to the swift response of our teams, we were able to restore the supply chain operations 
very quickly and minimize disruption as much as possible to our customers and channel 
partners. This incident has further reinforced our focus on strengthening risk management 
framework and enhancing operational resilience across the organization. 
In “Other Updates,” our own brand, Thomas Scott, recorded revenues of INR27 crores, marking 
a 91% year-on-year growth, reflecting the rising strength of our own direct-to-consumer 
franchise and sharper assortment planning. 

 
Page 4 of 16 
The licensed and other brand segment sustained steady momentum, reporting revenue figures 
of INR34 crores, up 18% year-on-year, driven by healthy traction across key partner platforms. 
Meanwhile, Contract Manufacturing Business contributed INR5 crores, registering a robust 
growth of 113% year-on-year, supported by improved capacity utilization and enduring client 
relationship. 
Demand conditions during the quarter remain encouraging. Our expansion into new 
categories, including winter wear, contributed incremental revenue streams and supported 
overall growth. 
We remain confident in our long-term strategy and are committed to delivering sustainable 
growth backed by prudent financial management and disciplined execution. 
With this, I open the floor for “Questions and Answers.” Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from Rehan Syed from Trinetra Asset Managers. Please go ahead. 
Rehan Syed: 
Good afternoon to you and thanks for taking my question. So, sir, my first question is around 
your inventory levels that have risen significantly to INR77 crores. I understand that as you 
scale your SKU count reached to about store of 31,216 in 9M FY26, how are you ensuring that 
a high-wheel approach does not lead to a long tail of slow-moving inventory in your fulfillment 
centre? This is my first question. 
Vedant Bang: 
Sure. I will take one question at a time. So, on the inventory management part, I just want to 
be clear that the SKUs that we report are the number of SKUs that we have launched to-date. 
Not all of these SKUs are in stock, which means that there could be a number of SKUs which 
would have sold through over a period. And if you see the incremented SKUs within this 
quarter, it has been at a constant pace that we have been recording quarter-on-quarter. In fact, 
much of the growth is coming from going deeper in SKUs that have performed much better in 
the previous period. So, the pace of launch remains constant. There is very slight acceleration 
in launch of SKUs, which is commensurate with us entering into H2, where the manufacture 
season is. However, that remains stable generally. And the in-stock SKUs is actually the correct 
metric to look at, and you will see how we can update, how we release that information so that 
it gives more knowledge. In any case, I just want to reiterate on one of our longstanding high-
width, low-depth strategies. So, it is important to understand that when we launch a style, we 
do not launch a lot of inventory in that style; it is just 100-120 units that we launch across four, 
five, six sizes to just test out. Once this test is completed, and then only do we decide based on 
certain performance markers, whether we have to scale or not. Due to this test-and-scale 
model, generally, the inventory contribution in some of these styles is very less to launch our 
style. But yes, once we have identified how well it is performing, our ability to scale is what 

 
Page 5 of 16 
drives future growth and profitability. So, this is the core of our model and how we are doing 
things. And that remains to be there. Other than this, obviously, even the styles that we are 
launching, so, one is doing high-width, low-depth, the other is launching smart inventory based 
on actual trend insights that we do, we identify what is actually working, which micro-markets, 
which is key words, are actually working on marketplace and we launch based on that. So, we 
are launching very specifically where there is organic demand. Having said that, even then, 
there is end-of-life kind of inventory that does come up, for which we use our end-of-season 
sales periods, which is typically in June-and-December to clear out the inventory. And those 
sales typically are at a discount. So, largely, a combination of these factors allow us to clear 
most of the inventory within a 180-to -40-day kind of period. And that is for the tail inventory, 
the period that I was speaking about, not for the general on an average. Even then, if there is 
a certain amount of inventory that cannot be liquidated, then we have a liquidation team based 
out of Bangalore that looks into how brand markers can be removed, and then this can be 
removed at a certain discount in an alternative market. But again, that is a very small 
percentage of the overall inventory. So, all in all, the various steps that I mentioned allow us to 
kind of manage inventory more effectively. This is to answer your first question. I will pause 
here in case you would like to ask the second question. 
Rehan Syed: 
Yes, it has been answered very clearly. And my second question is that your trade receivables 
have climbed up to INR71 crores as of H1 FY26 from INR57 crores in FY25. So, given that 94% 
of the revenue is now B2C, which usually involves shorter payment cycles, so what is the reason 
for this increase and what steps are being taken to improve this business cycle? And connecting 
with this question, could you please give an overview of how your stores are performing in 
Bangalore? 
Vedant Bang: 
Sure. So, that would be three questions. I will take question two on the receivables. With 
respect to receivables, there are a couple of factors that are important to understand -- one is 
that our general payment cycle online is about 30 to 45 days with the marketplace partners. 
We are also selling a lot of inventory on B2B2C model, okay, essentially thereby removing all 
various variables in terms of logistic costs and those kind of things. So, in those cases also there 
is a credit cycle associated with it. Having said that, in the case of pure B2C, we show all 
customer returns as a receivable till such time that the inventory is received backed by us. So, 
at any point of time, some portion of our receivables would actually be customer returns and 
stop that spending to be received again. So, that is the second aspect to understand which 
stands in receivables. So, that technically stops spending within the scope of receivables. And 
that is mostly from an accounting point of view, how we represent things. And the last point is 
that most of our sales for the past quarters, including this current quarter, have been 
concentrated in the third month of the quarter, largely because the festive or the sale periods 
are forming again. Just to give you an example, last year, March was Eid, Ugadi, Holi, Gudi 
Padwa. June was end of season sale. September was Dussehra sale. And again, December was 
end of season, winter. So, because of revenue concentration in a given period, about 50%-60% 

 
Page 6 of 16 
revenue coming in month-three, thereby the receivables kind of showcase a point in time 
factors of being higher than normal, which reverses over the general course of business. So, a 
combination of these three factors have to be understood to look at the business with greater 
clarity. But, just to be clear, yes, receivables are something that would normalize over a period 
of time. As we scale, it is that we are working on multiple models. But, as this would also kind 
of come to a more stable level. But, so far as the sale concentration in month-three, that is kind 
of the major factor that results in a certain amount of escalation, because most of the 
receivables emanate from that particular month. That is a question three on stores. So, the 
stores have been performing well, but again, as I said, it is just six stores at the moment, which 
is a very low base, they are not a major contributor to the overall revenue or to the capital 
deployed of the company at this point of time. And currently, we continue to be focused on 
getting greater depth within e-commerce online or greater width within e-commerce online. 
And that focus continues to remain. At this point, it is again too early. It has only been a quarter 
since the last time we kind of looked at performance. It is still a bit too early to kind of look at 
it. But, we are going to kind of do a full review in March and maybe as a part of the next set of 
investor presentation release, we will talk a little bit about how the stores are performing more 
specifically. 
Rehan Syed: 
Yes. Sure. Fair enough. Last onekeeping question like if you just highlight how you are seeing 
Quarter 4 regarding any festive headwinds or tailwinds if you have any on that? 
Vedant Bang: 
Sure. Quarter 4 again remains a generally upbeat quarter from a demand point of view. We do 
see good demand overall. Again, month-three, where we have our Eid and Gudi Padwa sale 
happening, that would be the defining month for us. But largely, it remains from a demand 
point of view, things seem to be positive. Some of our bets that we did this year end of the 
winter wearm have paid off well, some of it has shown effect in Q3, and some of it will show 
effect in Q4 as well. Other than this, there are a few lateral projects in terms of increasing width 
that we are working on. And at the same time, we are also looking at how we can work with 
the right partners who can distribute inventory globally as well. There is an entire global e-
commerce angle that has come into play right now. But, these are small seeds that we are 
putting in right now, which may give a bigger resolve over the next few quarters. At this point 
of time, the focus continues to remain to be in-depth within the categories and within the 
brands that we are working with at the moment, with positive demand movement. 
Rehan Syed: 
Okay. That is it for my side and good luck in the coming quarter. 
Vedant Bang: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital. Please go ahead.  

 
Page 7 of 16 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Yes, hi, thank you for taking my question. Firstly, I mean, we have seen a sharp jump in our 
other expenses during the quarter, so is there something to read over there or it is a normal 
course of business? 
Vedant Bang: 
Yes, so thank you for that question. Other expenses have largely escalated because of increased 
marketing initiatives on our side from a Diwali, Dussehra point of view. So you need to kind of 
get greater brand visibility during this time because the spends across the board from a 
competitive landscape is generally higher on marketing. So, this is something that we had to 
do, now, the visibility trends to get the right amount of visibility onto our products. And that is 
what has happened in this particular period. Again, for us, the visibility spends are largely ROI-
oriented. So, we kind of make sure that we are still earning the right price and the ROI on the 
spends that we do out there. So, this is to answer on the other expenses, largely owing to 
increased marketing expenses during festive period to ensure that brand gets the right amount 
of visibility and does not lose out on visibility to the other competitors…but it is absolutely in 
the order of business. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Okay. Secondly, in your notes-to- account, you have mentioned that we have taken a write-off 
of inventory of about Rs.22 crores and that same has been written off in the P&L. But your 
expense does not tally that we have written off that Rs.22 crores in the P&L. So, just wanted to 
understand where we have written-off that amount? 
Vedant Bang: 
Sure. I will just clarify on the accounting of it. So, we have a valid insurance claim. Our insurance 
policy completely covers this value in question. So what we have done is, we have written off 
the carrying value of the inventory. And based on the relevant communications that we have 
had with the insurance company, based on that, there is a certain amount that is expected to 
be recovered, and that has been recognized as a receivable, which is equal to the carrying value 
of this inventory. So, what has essentially happened is that there is a write-off in the P&L, which 
is based on the value of the stock, and there is also an exceptional gain that has been recorded 
on account of expected insurance claim receipts, and there is an insurance claim receivable 
also that has been recorded accordingly. So, these are net of each other. So, the portion that 
is not covered by insurance, which is amounting to about Rs.31.22 lakhs, which has been 
communicated to us, that part we have written off because that is something that is known to 
us, that is not covered by insurance. But yes, net-net, the loss that has occurred on account of 
fire has been covered against the insurance claim receivable based on the policy coverage. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Right. So, net-net Rs.31 lakhs is what we have written off during the quarter in the P&L. 
Vedant Bang: 
Rs.21.8 lakhs, yes, above. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
No, but there is a receivable against it, right? So net impact on the P&L during the quarter is 
only that Rs.31 lakhs, right? 

 
Page 8 of 16 
Vedant Bang: 
Yes, just the Rs.31.22 lakhs. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Lastly, Vedant, just on the receivables, so like being the D2C sort of business, one would expect 
that the receivables would be relatively modest, I mean, I do understand that given the scale 
and the kind of receivables they have, at least 45-days that you are saying, but still for a 
business from, say, for example, now almost 35%-40% of our business is coming from own 
brands, and even if we understand that in the business that you are doing for the licensed 
brand, the receivables might be on the higher end, but still, I mean, a receivable which is close 
to like 100-days sort of does not add up for a business like yours, so I mean, even if you say 35-
45 days sort of receivable cycle, still that number on the books, it is still relatively higher, just 
one thing that I wanted to ask is, since a lot of our sales are routed through our parent 
company, Bang, so is it a situation where in some of the receivers are also stuck on that 
company or that company pays us off immediately as soon as they receive the money from the 
marketplaces? 
Vedant Bang: 
Okay. So, there are two parts to this. One is most of our sales is driven through marketplace 
models. And within marketplace models, there are a number of sub-models that we operate 
on. They are in the nature of a B2B2C transaction also in some cases. So, in those cases, 
basically, there is a credit period associated. Again, it depends on the model itself. But, for that, 
we get better commercial terms in terms of pricing, in terms of variability in the variable 
expenses. So, those things are managed better in those models. So, that is why we prefer it 
even though the credit period is slightly on the higher side in those cases. Having said that, the 
real reason why receivables kind of look to be on the higher side are, one is the timing effect 
of concentration of revenue in a particular month, and the second is that the customer returns, 
the way in which we account for it, though it is actually stocked, it is shown as returns till such 
time that it is received back. I mean, we can consider looking at a way of accounting or 
representation where that inventory actually looks in stock in this thing, but then we have to 
prepare certain comparatives to make sure that the investors understand this better. So, one 
is the transactions which were happening through Bang Overseas, which was a related party, 
that is getting curtailed over a period of time as a percentage of the overall revenue. Most of 
the contracts are getting transferred directly within Thomas Scott (India) Limited. And these 
effects have already started to show from Q3 onwards, to continue into Q4. So in that case, 
also there is no pass-through or anything. But otherwise also, the pass-through is just 1:1 in 
most cases. So, it is just a sale of a month or so that kind of remains and that churns grew in 
the coming one it. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Okay. So, like in the very long run, as you grow as a business case and everything, do you believe 
there is room for substantial reduction in receivable day or it would be more of a sort of gradual 
reduction, it would still sort of settle at a relatively higher levels? 
Vedant Bang: 
So, we believe that long-term receivable days would settle at somewhere around 60-days. And 
this is under current accounting practices. But, we need all the contracts to be transitioned in 

 
Page 9 of 16 
that manner, our models to kind of move into pure B2C. So, those kinds of things are under 
play right now. As soon as that kind of comes into effect over a period of time, automatically, 
you will start seeing receivable days of closer to 60-days. I cannot commit a timeline at the 
moment as to where we will get that because at the end of the day, there are certain business 
considerations where we offer additional credit period as well. But that should kind of 
normalize over the period of time as we scale. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Got it. That was helpful. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Divya Jain from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Divya Jain: 
So how much will the winter wear collection contribute to our revenue this quarter? 
Vedant Bang: 
Sure. So when we say winter, there are two parts to it, actually -- One is our autumn-winter '25 
kind of collection, which is, say, heavier shorts and those kind of things, and then there is core 
winter wear articles, which is like jackets, sweaters, sweatshirts and those kind of products. 
Now, when I say winter wear, I just mean core winter wear products, I do not mean, other 
articles in which there would be winter-based launches. When we look at pure new winter 
wear products, which is largely sweaters, sweatshirts, jackets, these products have contributed 
somewhere close to about 15% to 20% during this particular quarter, and in the month of 
December, it was as high as 35%. 
Divya Jain: 
All right. And can you quantify the inventory loss at our warehouse in Bhiwandi? 
Vedant Bang: 
Yes, so the carrying value of the inventory at our warehouse in Bhiwandi has been disclosed in 
the notes to account at Rs.21.85 crores approximately. 
Divya Jain: 
All right. And one last question. Our expectations for revenue next year and also for EBITDA 
margins? 
Vedant Bang: 
So currently, we are not giving any forward-looking statements in terms of this thing, the 
revenue or the margin projections. But, we will continue to remain on a growth trajectory that 
we have been. So, you would see a very, very similar set of growth numbers is what we are 
expecting over a period of time. The growth will continue and we are targeting EBITDA margins 
between 12% to 15% at any point of time. So, we will maintain that. Obviously, as we scale, 
there is potential for these margins to improve. 
Divya Jain: 
All right, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Sumaria International LLP. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah : 
Hi! Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on a good quarter. So, my question is 
related to our fire incident. And so we have recorded a write-down in our P&L and we have 

 
Page 10 of 16 
recorded a receivable from the insurance company. So, what is the timeline when do we expect 
to receive the payment from the insurance company? 
Vedant Bang: 
Sure. Thank you for the question. So, since the matter is subject to insurance and survey, I 
cannot really comment much on it, but generally, our claim is mostly claim of stock and stock 
claims are generally backed by strong GST documents. So, based on this and based on our 
understanding of how claims work, stock claims are generally faster to settle. The only thing is 
that the sheer documentation that is required to be submitted considering the high volume of 
transactions that were happening from this particular warehouse is on the higher side, and 
there are certain prescribed formats in which these submissions have to happen. So, there are 
a few iterations that we have to go through. But, generally, once the entire documentation is 
completed, we do not expect that it should take too much time for the claims to be settled. 
And then our team is on it to make sure that this happens at the fastest pace possible. But yes, 
having said that, there is no fixed timeline that I can mention at this moment. But generally, 
stock claims, as I said, are faster in general to settle. 
Harsh Shah : 
Okay. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the owner of Ankur Gulati from Genuity Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Vedant, can you quantify revenue loss because of fire? I understand 21 odd crores ofinventory. 
So, if we have to quantify revenue loss, should we just add gross profit to this, that is the 
potential revenue loss in this quarter? 
Vedant Bang: 
Thank you for the question. I am thankful for you to ask this question. Now, while it is a little 
difficult to say because there was lot of efforts our teams the teams of Thomas Scott has put 
in to make sure we make sure we cover up revenue. So, it is a little difficult to say because of 
the event, there are certain other actions that we took, factories started working a little extra, 
teams started working more efficiently, we figured out how we can work with channel partners 
more deeply. So, a lot of effort that was taken by the team post the incident and a great 
momentum has been achieved by the team owing to that desire to kind of make sure that we 
do not miss targets. So, there was a big change overall in terms of how we kind of manage 
things. And we worked very hard to kind of ensure that our growth journey does not get 
impacted despite this setback. Our supply chain was quick to react. So there is a lot of things 
right from the grass-root factory worker to the operational logistics teams, that have worked 
around the clock to make sure that the journey that the company is on in terms of growth is 
collectively kind of achieved. Having said that, and I am totally speaking from my, judgment, 
and it is very difficult to quantify because maybe we would have kind of been in a very different 
stage had that not happened, but certainly based on my judgment, we feel that there would 
be about a 15% to 20% further revenue that we could have potentially achieved based on 
judgment even despite a certain amount of hard work that was put in by the teams post the 

 
Page 11 of 16 
particular event. And some of the expenses that we have incurred in this quarter, they would 
still remain at the current level. So, the margins could have been also higher. But, we have still 
kind of made sure that as much as possible the overall impact is minimized. And even for the 
future quarters, we kind of upped the entire level of efficiency or the level at which we are 
operating at, so that this momentum that we are in terms of growth, it continues going ahead 
as well. But yes, so headline is that it is a little difficult to quantify, because there are certain 
steps that we took post that certain amount of hard work that the team has put in post that, 
which I am very thankful for. But, in general, purely based on my judgment, we believe that 
15% to 20% additional revenue could have been expected in this particular quarter. 
Ankur Gulati: 
So you did 67, 15% of that is Rs.10 crores. So steady state, it should have been close to let us 
say 75, 76 this quarter. Fair enough. 
Vedant Bang: 
Yes, so I mean, that is what I think. So we were looking at a number closer to 75 to 80 in case a 
fire incident had not happened. But again, though, it is difficult to say. 
Ankur Gulati: 
And in this fire, did you lose anything which you committed to some of your e-commerce clients 
or some of the brands? So, is there a penalty clause that has triggered it yet or no? 
Vedant Bang: 
So, our growth percentages have still been very high and there are no penalty clauses dictated 
in general. In some contracts of ours, there are minimum guarantees that are there. But, even 
those would not be invoked because the revenue levels are still much higher than the minimum 
guarantee levels. So in any case, there is nothing from that side. In fact, channel partners have 
been very supportive through this journey. And there have been certain new avenues that we 
have been working with channel partners in terms of increasing speed to delivery by housing 
inventory with channel partners. So, those kind of models have opened up and that has 
resulted in making sure that the revenue level remains. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Last part. Whatever the inventory loss, is there any color that whether you lost that mostly for 
your own showroom or was it for licensed brands or for e-commerce? 
Vedant Bang: 
So, it was a very similar mix to the revenue mix overall. So, generally we house inventory in a 
manner that is optimized for speed. So it is not that it is concentrated with one particular brand 
or two, it is concentrated very evenly across all our warehouses. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Okay. Thanks. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Swapnil Kabra from SK Enterprises. Please go ahead. 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Yes, hi, Vedant. Congratulations on another quarter of good performance. So, I just had a 
couple of questions. What exactly is the driving demand for us, and what are the triggers that 
will help us in growing the top line? And also, are we in talks with any new brands? 

 
Page 12 of 16 
Vedant Bang: 
Sure. So, generally the demand has been upbeat and our test and scale model is something 
that is servicing us better than before, where we have a lot of top-ranking products that we 
have created over this period of time. And there is a good amount of demand and ranking on 
those products and they are driving kind of continuous profitable sales for us. So, going deeper 
in general, with our existing brands and making sure that we are able to maintain ranking to 
our superior quality and execution, that is kind of making sure that the demand momentum is 
maintained. At this point of time, I cannot really comment on any brand that we are on-
boarding or are looking or, are looking at because that is generally competitive information for 
us. But, the focus at this point of time is in terms of going deeper in terms of the existing brands 
that we are working with and also kind of focusing how we can leverage our e-commerce know-
how to create additional channels for demand, even with the current brand pool. Probably, 
you will hear more on this in the March quarter once there are certain contract signings or 
launches that happen, which are in the pipeline. But, till such launches or contract signings are 
completed, I am unable to comment on that. 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Yes. So, is this a function of better customer discovery or anything else that you want to add 
here or better marketing, I mean? 
Vedant Bang: 
Yes. So it is really a function of making sure that our products that are top-ranked continue to 
remain top-ranked, and we keep adding more and more top-ranked products. So, we are doing 
small batch launches, seeing how things perform. So, our inventory investment is very low, but 
the products that hit, they are big hits, and we have to just make sure that we are maintaining 
them with the right quality in stock all the time. And as soon as that happens, marketplaces in 
general start pushing products by themselves, your product kind of starts climbing the ranks 
and getting more visibility by itself. So, this momentum has kind of come in and that is 
contributing to greater demand as well. 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Yes. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Anil Parekh, individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Anil Parekh: 
Okay. Thank you for taking my question. Hi Vedant. I was just trying to understand the business 
of Thomas Scott in a little more detail. I was going through your website and I see products 
which are listed at a price point of greater than 4,000 for even shirts and jeans. I was just 
wondering, because when you compare this pricing to popular brands like Levi's when it comes 
to Denims and Jeans, they are priced at a lower price point. So I guess my question is, which 
age group is your primary target audience? Any details you could share on what percentage of 
your sales go to under 20-age group between 20-and-30-and so on? What would really help? 
And, in addition, your expensive products, how quickly do they move compared to products 
under 1,500, could you share with me some details, could you give us a little bit of color on 
that? 

 
Page 13 of 16 
Vedant Bang: 
Sure. So there are two parts to your question. One is on pricing for Thomas Scott brand and 
the other is on the demographics. I will take the first question. In terms of pricing for Thomas 
Scott brand, so Thomas Scott has been launched as an online-first online-focused brand. Okay? 
When we had launched essentially at that point of time, even right now, there are certain 
browsing pages that are available on marketplaces that are available to only a certain discount 
percentage. All right? So, there is a high MRP, high discount kind of strategy that was 
implemented for some of the product lines back then. And it has continued even today to make 
sure that we are relevant in those browsing pages. It is more of a strategy that we use to make 
sure that we can get as much additional visibility for our products as possible by being able to 
enter those pages. And you may have seen some of those products generally, but our selling 
price is not that high, it is mostly at par with what a premium brand would be. So, our Denims 
typically have an average selling price of close to actually Rs.1,200, our trousers are close to 
again Rs.1,200, shirts are between Rs.800 to 1,000. That is where the average selling price 
tends to trend. So, generally, it is a good selling price from an online point of view. It is slightly 
more than what you will find for a lot of other brands online. But again, I want to emphasize 
that the quality that we offer and the kind of product that we offer, the same factories that 
make goods for world-class brands are also making for Thomas Scott and there are certain 
additional costs associated with it. But it is this very quality that kind of creates the repeat 
customer behavior for us. So, that is the reason why our pricing is maybe on a slightly higher 
side, but I do not think it is remarkably higher than the competition. Having said that, overall, 
it is just a high MRP, high TD, high discounting kind of that and those products that you may 
have seen that you may have formed that view, but generally pricing is at par. And in terms of 
demographics, so our major demographic actually is the 25-to-40 years segment. And there is 
also the secondary demographic that we target, which is between 20-to-25 years segment. 
Essentially, a lot of purchases that happen are, for young individuals who are young men who 
are moving into their first job or into corporate jobs or have just in the first two, three years of 
their corporate jobs. A lot of our marketing initiatives also towards it kind of see us as the 
preferred brand or a casual go-to-office or go-to-go out or daily wear positioning. And then 
these customers tend to remain repeat customers for a long period of time, ensuring brand 
loyalty. So, that is how we kind of target our customers. But yes, most of the major 
demographics in terms of actual sales is about 25-years-to-40 years. 
Anil Parekh: 
Yes, that is great. I have a quick follow-up. How do you see the consumption landscape in India 
changed for an apparel company like yours, say if we talk about two years out or five years out, 
any information on that could be tremendously helpful because you are an online marketplace 
for apparel, how do you see this consumption pattern change, what does it look like, it is going 
to be three, four years out? 
Vedant Bang: 
Sure, sure. I will just talk about online apparel first and then I will kind of zoom into where we 
are. If you look at online apparel, it was growing at a very steady rate, right up to COVID, maybe 
somewhere around 30%-35% kind of growth rate that some of the marketplaces were 

 
Page 14 of 16 
experiencing right up to COVID. In COVID, there was a J-shaped kind of increase in online 
purchasing. This was largely driven by the lockdowns. And this resulted in your first-time 
customers kind of trying online, doing the test and buy, those kinds of things. And now the bulk 
first-time customers that were created during COVID, they are now the repeat customers who 
are doing the 30th, 40th, 50th purchase online. What we have found in terms of our 
understanding of the purchase patterns, we have found that as these customers are going from 
their first purchase to their 30th or 40th purchase, their basket size and the kind of brands that 
they are purchasing are both increasing. By brands increasing, I mean they are premium nizing 
in general. This was something that we recognized in early 2024, and that is when we decided 
that premiumization as a trend is going to continue because of a number of factors -- one is 
with repeat purchases increasing confidence in online… that is the first factor; and the second 
factor is an increase in the aspirational class overall who are aspiring to buy products of a 
superior quality or a superior make. And the third factor is also disposable income increasing 
in general for the younger consumers. So, a combination of these three factors made us believe 
that the right space for us to be would be from the mass premium to premium kind of segment 
online. And that is where we veered our entire focus. We believe that this market will show 
outside growth against your baseline growth that online apparel is experiencing. Generally, 
online apparel in major marketplaces is experiencing a 25% to 35% kind of growth even right 
now. We believe that there will be outside growth that there would be in the more premium 
or mass premium segments. And our focus will continue to remain out there. 
Anil Parekh: 
So, the mass premium and the premium segments that you are defining, are you defining it 
somewhere in the price bracket of Rs.1,000 to Rs.1,500? 
Vedant Bang: 
Yes. So from Rs.750 right up to Rs.2,000 is the bracket that we are looking at. 
Anil Parekh: 
Okay. And my last question is what percentage of products sold come back as return? 
Vedant Bang: 
Sure. So this deferred usually from brand-to-brand and category-to-category. And there are 
two types of returns, I will just put a little bit of light on this. In our case, our customer returns 
are quite low. So, we have customer returns of somewhere approximately close to 20%, which 
is lower than 28% to 30% than most other apparel brands experience in terms of customer 
returns. Our return to origin, which is basically in the case of cash on delivery (COD) orders, 
where the customer does not accept the order, so generally at the industry level, it is anywhere 
between 10% to 20% depending on how localized your inventory and how fast you deliver to 
the customer. In our case, it is as low as 6% to 9%. So generally, our return percentages are 
lower than the benchmark. Two reasons driving this. From a customer returns point of view 
are superior quality, and the value that we are giving to customers at that price point. And in 
terms of RTO, it is because of our speed, our localization of inventory, that we are able to kind 
of have lower return to origin, (RTO) cases. So yes, that is on the customer returns. 
Anil Parekh: 
Excellent. Thank you so much. 

 
Page 15 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Yes, hi, Vedant, thanks for the opportunity again. So Vedant, a core part of our business growth 
is driven by us identifying trends and then launching SKUs and benefiting from them. But, can 
you give some sense of how much of our business would still be reliant on, say, SKUs or designs 
that were launched one year or two years back, because unless we have a base business and 
as the business size grows, I think driving growth from new trends every now and then would 
slightly become difficult at a larger scale. So, just wanted to understand how the base business 
is shaping up? 
Vedant Bang: 
Sure. So, the positive is that we are focused in menswear as a segment where the trends are 
very long cycle. So, even today, amongst the bestseller products that we created, say, two or 
three years back out, maybe just 2% or 3% of those products have actually gone into a de-trend 
bucket. Otherwise, these trends are long term. In fact, in the case of menswear, we find that 
launching more colors. If a base color, say a black color short is doing well and if we launch a 
few more colors in that, we end up finding that customers are also purchasing those other 
colors once they have confidence in the first color that they purchased. So, the trends are very 
long cycle and you can capitalize deeper on trends in menswear once we kind of identify what 
is working and launch lateral products as well with color variation. And as I said, for the trends 
that we launched two or three years back, the de-trend data has not been more than 2% to 
3%. So, we are stacking up a lot of bestsellers or rather a lot of high rank products over a period 
of time. And that is driving a lot of our growth as well. Having said that, it is still important to 
keep accumulating those bestsellers. And that is why the passion engine also needs to keep 
churning. So, growth is a double engine of fashion bets as well as replenishment or high rank 
style. And we need to kind of maintain the balance between the two. We are maintaining a 
very constant rate at which we are launching new SKUs. It is accelerating at a constant rate, 
just to be very clear. It is not like if we launch 5,000 this quarter, it is same 5,000, grew by 2,500 
year-end SKUs in the coming quarter. But, again, our bet sizes are so small that it becomes 
lesser and lesser significant as a percentage of the overall launches that we do. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Got it. That was helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. Sir, would you like to give any closing comments? 
Vedant Bang: 
Sure. I would like to thank all participants in this conference call. Of course, if you have any 
further questions or would like to know more about the company, please do reach out to our 
Investor Relations Manager at Valorem Advisors. I would also like to thank Valorem Advisors 
for arranging this conference and the entire team. So, thank you. 

 
Page 16 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Thomas Scott (India) Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
