 
 
 
Date: February 23, 2026 
  
To,  
BSE Limited,  
 
 
NSE Limited, 
Listing Department,  
 
Listing Department, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
 
BKC, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051. 
Scrip Code: 503101 
 
 
Symbol: MARATHON  
 
Sub: Transcript of Q3 & 9M FY26 - Earnings Conference Call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Q3 & 9M 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on Tuesday, February 17, 2026 at 12:00 pm. The 
Transcript is also available on the Company’s website at https://marathon.in/nextgen/ 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Yours Truly, 
For Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited, 
 
 
 
Yogesh Patole 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: A48777 
 
YOGESH 
ASHOK 
PATOLE
Digitally signed by 
YOGESH ASHOK PATOLE 
Date: 2026.02.23 
15:19:37 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
“Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Q3 & 9 Months FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 17, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHETAN SHAH – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – MARATHON NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. MAYUR SHAH – VICE-CHAIRMAN – MARATHON 
NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. KAIVALYA SHAH – DIRECTOR – MARATHON 
NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED  
 
 
 
MR. SAMYAG SHAH – DIRECTOR – MARATHON 
NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MAHALAKSHMI – EY 
 
 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited Q3 and 9 
Months FY 26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand over the conference to Ms. Mahalakshmi from EY. Thank you, and over to you, 
ma'am. 
Mahalakshmi: 
Thanks, Pari. Good afternoon to all the participants on the call, and thank you for joining the Q3 
and 9 Months FY '26 earnings call of Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited. Please note that we 
have mailed out the results to everyone and you can also see this on our website, and it's also 
been uploaded on the stock exchanges. In case if you have not received the same, you can write 
it to us, we'll be happy to send it over. 
Now before we proceed to the call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain some 
forward-looking statements and may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and 
factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with our business that could cause the future results, 
performance or its achievement to differ significantly from what we have expressed or implied. 
To take us through the results for the quarter and answer to all our questions, we have the 
management of Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited, represented by Mr. Chetan Shah, Chairman 
and Managing Director; Mr. Mayur Shah, Vice Chairman; Mr. Kaivalya Shah, Director; and Mr. 
Samyag Shah, Director. We will be starting the call with a brief overview for the quarter and the 
9 months gone past, and then we can follow it up with questions-and-answers. And with this 
being said, I will transfer the call to the management. Over to you, sir. 
Chetan Shah: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Marathon Nextgen Realty's 
Quarter 3 and 9 Months FY26 earnings call. We have delivered a strong performance in 9 months 
FY26, reporting our highest ever nine -month profit after tax of INR 161 crores. This growth 
has been driven by the robust performance of our Commercial portfolio, complemented by 
steady contributions from our Residential business. It reflects our disciplined execution and the 
inherent strength of our diversified portfolio mix. 
Friends, during the nine-month period, our area square feet sales stood at approximately 1.8 lakh 
square feet, booking value at INR 421 crores and collections at INR 578 crores, with Commercial 
assets contributing meaningfully alongside stable Residential traction. Total revenue for the 9 
months stood at INR 487 crores. 
On a post-merger basis, friends, you know that merger procedure is ongoing. On a post-merger 
basis, area sales increased to 2.46 lakh square feet, booking value to INR 628 crores, and 
collection at INR 798 crores. This performance underscores the strength of our net debt-free 
balance sheet and our strategic presence in high-demand micro-markets. 
The recent union budget, friends, have provided a significant boost to India's infrastructure 
pipeline with several large-scale projects underway in and around Mumbai, the real estate sector 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
is set to benefit materially. Major benefits coming to peripheral geographies in MMR, where we 
will have significant presence post-merger, like Panvel and Dombivli.  
Stable interest rates and a clear shift in buyer preference towards quality developments further 
strengthened the outlook for both residential and commercial segments, particularly for a listed 
player like us. Mumbai also witnessed multiple high-value land transactions over the past year, 
reinforcing confidence in its commercial real estate market. A notable transaction is the 
acquisition of a property of approximately 1.3 acres in Lower Parel for INR 448 crores, for a 
Grade A commercial project, reaffirming the continued focus on the CBD. 
In this context, Marathon is strongly positioned with nearly 224,000 square feet of post-merger 
ready inventory in the Marathon Futurex Complex, our Grade A commercial asset in Lower 
Parel. The project continues to attract high-quality buyers and lessees, supporting healthy 
realization. We remain firmly bullish on the commercial sector and expect sustained momentum 
through FY26 and beyond. 
Marathon Millennium, our commercial project in Mulund, has also witnessed encouraging 
traction from small and medium enterprises. 
Friends, on our premium residential development in South Mumbai, Monte South at Byculla, is 
progressing decisively. We have delivered marquee amenities including the swimming pool on 
the 65th floor, which will be enjoyed by more than 350 families in Tower A. Tower B has 
secured occupation certificate approval up to 45th floor during the December quarter, with 
blockwork already advancing to the 62nd floor. Tower C is also moving at a strong pace, with 
RCC slab work completed through the 17th floor. Overall, execution across all towers remains 
robust and on track. 
Additionally, Bhandup has witnessed multiple land transaction in the range of INR 41 crores to 
INR 43 crores per acre in close proximity to our land holdings, highlighting growing developer 
confidence in Bhandup as a key emerging residential and mixed-use hub. Our projects, 
NeoValley Kaveri, Narmada and NeoPark Ashoka are progressing strongly. NeoValley Kaveri 
is over 90% sold, Narmada is over 45% sold and Ashoka is over 70% sold. Construction is 
advancing in line with our plan. Kaveri's 22nd floor RCC is nearing completion, Narmada has 
reached plinth stage, and Ashoka is finishing works for 22 stories at an advanced stage with 
RCC complete and finishing happening. It is going to have OC in coming months.  
Panvel, widely regarded as Mumbai 3.0, has seen a sharp surge in land acquisition and large-
scale development announcements across the residential, commercial, data centre, plotted 
development, and integrated townships, backed by strong foreign direct investment interest. The 
commencement of commercial operations at the Navi Mumbai International Airport in 
December '25 and its recent transition to 24/7 operations and the fully operational Mumbai Trans 
Harbour Link that is Atal Setu have significantly enhanced connectivity to South Mumbai and 
the airport belt. 
With this scale of infrastructure plan development, Panvel is clearly emerging as the next major 
growth hub for the MMR region. With respect to Marathon Nexzone in Panvel, Phase 1, 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
comprising of 12 towers of 30 storey is fully completed with full occupation certificate received 
and nearly 2,700 families already residing there and enjoying the project amenities. Phase 2 
consisting of 4 towers of 30 storeys each is nearing completion with occupation certificate 
applications underway for select towers. We have also announced the launch of Phase 3, 
comprising approximately 4.9 lakh square feet across four 28-storey premium towers, with a 
gross development value of about INR 600 crores.  
The outlook for India's real estate sector, friends, and Mumbai, in particular, remains highly 
promising. Continued infrastructure-led growth, redevelopment-driven supply, and sustained 
economic momentum are expected to support healthy demand across segments while 
maintaining market stability. 
Building on this favourable backdrop, our company is well positioned to capitalize on emerging 
opportunities. Our diversified portfolio anchored by high-performing commercial assets and 
resilient residential pipeline places us in a strong position to drive consistent growth and long-
term value creation. Thank you very much, friends. We can open the floor for questions now. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Rahul Sharma from SB Invest. 
Rahul Sharma: 
Sir, I have a few questions. I wanted to know whether you plan to expand beyond Mumbai MMR 
and or do you intend to remain focused on your core markets for the foreseeable future. 
Chetan Shah: 
Yes, we are MMR-focused Company, and we intend to largely focus in MMR. We don't have 
immediate intention of going to other towns. All our projects and future projects are also planned 
in MMR. There is a lot of opportunities in redevelopments here, there are a lot of opportunities 
in terms of peripheral areas where townships can be developed and even plotted development 
can happen. So we are trying to encash these opportunities currently. 
Rahul Sharma: 
Okay, sir. And how do you think about the booking momentum in Q4? Do you expect it to 
sustain or was Q3 aided by any one-off or bulk bookings? Also, which projects do you expect 
will be the largest contributors to the bookings and, let's say, collection in FY27? 
Mayur Shah: 
So the booking momentum is steady. If I have to give an example of one of our largest projects, 
which is Monte South, we've been doing steady sales over there of close to INR 100 crores a 
quarter, and that has been consistently happening for the last six to eight quarters. And going 
forward also, the kind of demand is consistent, and we'll be selling at that same velocity. 
Kaivalya Shah: 
So regarding the contribution of projects to sales from next year, Futurex, our commercial ready-
to-move-in asset, is actually going to get us a lot of the revenue from that, because it is ready-
to-move-in and also no cost is required to complete it. So maximum revenue will be from there. 
In addition to it, Monte South as a residential project will also be getting us good revenue. In 
addition, we have announced the launches of Marathon Nexzone in Panvel as well as the 
Bhandup Neo series. So these are the projects which, in terms of presales, you will be seeing 
good traction. 
Rahul Sharma: 
Understood. Sir, so you are seeing quite good growth in inquiry to booking conversion, right, at 
maybe current price levels? 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Yes. The inquiries have been very good, and consistent inquiries have been there, and the 
conversion is also very good.  
Kaivalya Shah: 
In fact in a few places we are seeing rise in realization also, mainly Futurex. 
Rahul Sharma: 
That is good to hear. And just last question that I have right now. Sir, if you could share the 
breakup of, let's say, unsold inventory across the premium and luxury mid-income and, let's say, 
affordable segments that we give? 
Kaivalya Shah: 
Are you talking about ready-to-move-in or what are you talking about? 
Rahul Sharma: 
Ready to move in. 
Kaivalya Shah: 
Yes. So in terms of ready inventory, in Futurex and the Futurex campus, we have around 2.24 
lakh square feet. And this is a post-merger number, as announced by Chetan Shah in the opening 
speech. Regarding Monte South, we have around 1 lakh square feet in Tower A. And in Tower 
B, we recently got OC, so the sales are happening fast in terms of ready-to-move-in. And Tower 
C, the progress is not complete yet, so construction is happening there. In Bhandup, as Chetan-
bhai mentioned in the opening speech, a lot of inventory gets sold in the pre-launches, and 90%, 
for example, is almost sold in the ready-to-move-in project that is getting OC. So Bhandup 
inventory is fast-moving inventory. 
Chetan Shah: 
So in Bhandup, we don't have any inventory at the time of the occupancy certificate. It is very 
negligible. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mihir Desai from Desai Investments. 
Mihir Desai: 
Sir, firstly, some generic questions on the project. Sir, if you can walk us through the revised 
launch and execution plan for NeoValley project, including key milestones which have been 
completed. 
Kaivalya Shah: 
Yes. So NeoValley, just to give you a brief understanding of the Neo Series, we have NeoValley 
Narmada and NeoValley Kaveri. These are the two projects, and the third project is NeoPark 
Ashoka. NeoValley is, in totality, a 14-acre layout where we have launched around three-odd 
acres, which are Narmada and Kaveri. And NeoPark is a 6.5-acre layout, where we've already 
executed NeoSquare as a project, which is ready and has received OC, and the project is 
complete. And NeoPark is around a 1-acre project. 
In terms of updates on those projects, NeoValley Narmada, we have recently received 
environmental clearance, so we have already announced the launch of Wing C of that tower. In 
terms of construction, we have reached the plinth stage of that tower. Regarding Kaveri, we have 
topped out in terms of RCC. And in terms of sales, we are beyond 90% sold. 
Regarding NeoPark Ashoka, the two wings, A and B, we are applying for OC in the next quarter. 
And Wing C, which is under construction, is on the 11th floor as of today. 
Mihir Desai: 
Okay. Sir, next on the Nexzone Phase 2. What is the completed project status and also the OC 
time line, if you can share? 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Samyag Shah: 
So as you may already know, Nexzone Phase 2 has 4 towers, out of which we have already 
completed finishing work on 3 towers, and 1 tower RCC is completed. We are going to get the 
occupation certificate of 2 of the 4 towers by the end of this financial year; at the most, it could 
miss by 1 month or so; and the balance 2 towers before Q2 of FY27. 
Mihir Desai: 
Okay. Sir, now I have a few questions on the strategical front. So you have mentioned in the 
presentation regarding the amalgamation & arrangement. So I just wanted your view, if you can 
throw some light on how it will help in terms of GDV expansion for the company and how it 
will be a greater turnaround for the company? Just wanted to,  if you can throw some light, it 
would help. 
Chetan Shah: 
So the amalgamation is in progress, and we have already shared all the data and GDV value on 
the website. But just to briefly tell you that as infrastructure is progressing for the whole of the 
MMR region, like in my speech, I mentioned that the infrastructure is going to help people move 
easily from Point A to Point B. So it is going to help the peripheral areas to grow much faster 
than they were happening. Earlier, the city from Fort to Panvel, X amount of time was being 
taken, now it is less than 1 hour. So it is like going from VT station to, say, Badlapur and VT 
station to Panvel, almost the same time will be taken. So that way, all the peripheral areas are 
coming closer to the city, and the price differential that we see in the city and the peripheral area 
is huge. So the peripheral area is bound to improve in prices. Having said that, we already have 
2 big parcels that are coming in the merger. One is in Panvel land and another is in Dombivli. 
And the third major parcel of land coming is in Bhandup slums. So these are the 3 major acreages 
that we will get, about 400 acres of land, which is a huge potential for years to come that is going 
to get in the amalgamation when everything is done within the next 9 months or so. 
Mihir Desai: 
Okay. And sir, in this 400 acres, what kind of projects are you eyeing? Like it will be a super-
premium. 
Chetan Shah: 
The peripheral areas, it is never a super-premium project. Super premium projects are in city of 
Mumbai. But having said that, these are also premium projects. If you have visited our Nexzone 
Panvel site, where 13 towers are completed, it is no less than any premium project in city of 
Mumbai. But because of the location, it would not attract premium prices like, say, BKC or 
Ghatkopar or Mulund area, but then all these areas are catching up. 
Mihir Desai: 
Sure, Sir, and in terms of QIP, you have mentioned that some bit of the money would be utilized 
for the debt reduction part. So then how are we looking at our debt position now? 
Chetan Shah: 
We have reduced debt to almost zero. So in fact, it is a negative debt, as we have current 
balances. So if you say net debt, we are negative. But currently, some car loans or equipment 
loans and other things are about INR 20-odd crores worth of loans. This is a major reduction 
from what we had about two years ago. 
Mihir Desai: 
Okay. Sure, Sir, lastly, if you can throw some light on how has been the ground environment in 
the industry? And going ahead, how we are looking at the demand if on the ground level, if you 
are looking at any slowdown or it's still strong. So just wanted the idea on your end. 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Chetan Shah: 
There is no slowdown as such because the growth is tremendous, but Mayur will answer in 
detail. 
Mayur Shah: 
See, if you look at the annual data of last year, the Mumbai MMR region is contributing roughly 
30% to 40% of the real estate market. And if you look at the Maharashtra government’s plan of 
integrating the entire Mumbai MMR region like Mumbai 3.0, and there is one plan of creating 
one more airport near Vadhavan. So all these infrastructure projects are at a very, very fast pace, 
and it's quite visible now, and people are experiencing those advantages. And in that, if you look 
at that perspective, Mumbai MMR, I think, will continue to grow. We have, if you look at even 
the very high-end premium markets where INR 100 crores-plus properties are also booked very 
quickly, and INR 5 crores to INR 7 crores type of units, which we are doing in Monte South 
projects, are getting a good velocity. So across the segment, whether INR 1 crore or up to INR 
100 crores, Mumbai MMR is really going with great guns with all the infrastructure projects like 
the airport, Sea Link, and new 3.0 announcement. I think really, we have seen very good times, 
at least for Mumbai MMR. 
Samyag Shah: 
Quickly, I just wanted to add on that as well, there is also a trend of consolidation in the industry 
itself. So even though, obviously, the aggregate demand is increasing, we are seeing very good 
instances where a lot of the new proposals that are coming to us are from sort of other developers, 
and there is a huge consolidation trend which is also playing out, and we are benefiting from 
that trend. And so both these things put together, I see things are going to be optimistic going 
forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Kumar, an Individual Investor. 
Deepak Kumar: 
I would like to touch base on one of the financial question here. So can you break down the 9 
months PAT contribution between Commercial and Residential segment? And what will be the 
mix we should assume for FY26, FY27 going ahead? 
Chetan Shah: 
Yes. We'll just collate the data and give you the answer in five minutes. Before that, we'll take 
the next question. 
Deepak Kumar: 
Okay. No issues. So on Monte South, can you provide a clearer time line for the OC time 
completion for Tower B and C? 
Mayur Shah: 
So Tower B right now is actually topped out. The entire 65-floor RCC is completed. And as we 
have already taken, two months ago, the occupancy certificate up to the 45th floor. So Tower B 
45-floor occupancy is already done. The full tower OC is expected by December ’26. And Tower 
C, the work is already progressing. So in the next 1.5 years, we will be getting OC up to 30 
floors, and then, in total, in about three years, we will be taking OC up to 65 floors. 
Deepak Kumar: 
Okay. Got it. And on the Futurex side, can you share the current price trend and how strong is 
the demand visibility? I think you answered it a little bit. I just wanted to check on the price 
trend for the next few quarters. 
Chetan Shah: 
Samyag will answer that. Samyag has been looking at the marketing and sales of the project. 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Samyag Shah: 
So Futurex demand has been extremely strong on both sort of segments, the leasing segment as 
well as the outright selling segment. If I were to just give you some perspective compared to last 
year, the project as a whole versus what we may complete this financial year with, we've, if all 
the transactions that we have in Q4 get completed, obviously, subject to that, we are seeing about 
at least a 10% increase in sales value. Coming to the sales price, while the project has different 
pricing depending on the floors that you sort of select or choose across the project, we have seen, 
from a financial year comparison, close to a 10% increase in realizations. So overall, quite good, 
and we continue to see good demand, especially also from our existing clients who are coming 
back and leasing again and again, multiple spaces. So that always shows that things will remain 
steady and positive going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Isha Shah, an Individual Investor. 
Isha Shah: 
Sir, which projects do you expect will be the largest contributors to bookings and collection in 
FY27? 
Kaivalya Shah: 
So yes, we did answer that. But that being said, I'll still repeat. In all, like I mentioned in the 
previous answer, Bhandup and Panvel, we've announced launches. Panvel, around 4.9 lakh 
square feet will be launched. The GDV of that is around INR 600 crores. And in Bhandup, it's 
around — as part of the announcement — we have already launched INR 170 crores of GDV. 
So these are the 2 major presales numbers, which will be contributing in terms of the numbers 
of next year. And in terms of Futurex, we have around 2 lakh square feet, which is ready and 
ready-to-move-in, so there will be a huge number coming from that. And Monte South in terms 
of residential, yes, so around INR 400 crores of presales will be at least anticipated next year. 
Isha Shah: 
Okay. And sir, could you share the breakup of unsold inventory across premium, mid-income 
and affordable segments? 
Kaivalya Shah: 
So in terms of premium, like I mentioned earlier, around 1 lakh square feet is unsold in Monte 
South Tower A, which is a premium project. In terms of affordable, Bhandup, like I mentioned, 
is, when it comes to OCs, nearly sold out. In Panvel, some of the Phase 1 inventory on higher 
floors is pending, which will be around 1 lakh square feet. 
Samyag Shah: 
Value-wise, it would be around INR40 crores to INR50 crores. 
Isha Shah: 
Okay, sir. And sir, do you plan to expand beyond Mumbai MMR or do you intend to remain 
focused on your core market for the foreseeable future? 
Samyag Shah: 
So we see enough and more demand in MMR, like it was answered before. There are many 
micro markets where we are already expanding our depth and breadth, which are already the 
mark-to-markets we are in, and there is lots of potential in many other micro markets where we 
have very little presence so far. So for example, the Western suburbs, there are aspects in Thane, 
and many other, Navi Mumbai redevelopment is also happening in a very good pace. So we 
continue to evaluate across geographies and across asset classes in MMR, that's our plan for the 
next few years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vansh an individual investor. 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Vansh: 
Sir, my question is to the management. Like this is like one thing that I got to know like we are 
focused on in the MMR region only. And before the QIP, during the QIP process and even after 
the QIP in many calls, one thing that you have been iterating along is that you are focusing on 
redevelopment, right? But I mean, I haven't seen any sort of any launches or announcements in 
the redevelopment circles. 
I mean, given the market size I mean how big we are and how much potential we have in this 
region, even the local builders sort of are continuously launching redevelopment projects. And 
we are sort of like I mean, my sort of a disappointment, I would say, from my end is that I 
expected a lot of redevelopment sort of actions. 
I mean, there is no sort of any announcement from the company's end given the sort of trend 
that's happening in Mumbai, particularly. So one, my question to put in brief, why is that we are 
not announcing any sort of concrete either a division separately or any project launches in the 
redevelopment division? 
Second, my question would be on the QIP side. We have raised somewhere around INR 900 
crores from the QIP. It was raised, I guess, in June-July, right? And after the QIP, I mean, there 
was some during your presentation in the QIP as well, the projects that we have seen, and  I 
mean, these are not something neither sort of very big projects or that sort of expectations of 
momentum or aggression from the management that as an investor is generally expected. 
Even that we launched now the NeoHomes Bhandup or Nexzone Panvel, these are around 5 
lakhs and 15 lakhs of square feet. And given the land bank we have in Panvel and Bhandup or 
Dombivli, we have sort of development area potential of more than 1 crores, correct? So why is 
it that even after 2 or 3 quarters or sort of 6 to 9 months, why is that there is no any sort of new 
project launches or sort of aggression that I'm missing? 
Chetan Shah: 
Yes. The first thing that we would like to mention is that out of the QIP process, a big chunk has 
gone towards repayment of debt. And as for the redevelopment and why there has been no 
announcement on redevelopment, this is not a switch on-off kind of a process. The due diligence 
of land-related, initial-stage projects takes a very long time. If we try to get into a project which 
is already being run by a builder, then there are other issues that we need to see. So the due 
diligence itself is a very long process. So it's not that we have not looked at it. We have looked 
at many projects, more than 45–50 projects that we have evaluated. And there are projects in 
which we are moving forward, but till the definitive agreements are made, we will not be able 
to make any announcement on those. However, I would like Mayur to add to this scenario. 
Mayur Shah: 
Yes. So see, redevelopment, I think you talked about. As Chetan said, we refrain from 
announcing until we are really at a final development stage. However, just to give you an idea, 
there are almost two clusters where we are at a near-finality level. However, as I told you, it 
takes time. Redevelopment goes through very, very stringent processes. And recently, in a small 
redevelopment project, we have also done an acquisition of a company, SSPL, which is going 
to bring almost close to INR 1,000 crores of project value, where we are there at a preferred 
developer level. So these processes are going on, and at the appropriate time, we will announce 
all these projects which we have been looking at for the last 3 to 4 months. 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Kaivalya Shah: 
Also, to add on to that, you mentioned the land that we have acquired, or will be acquiring, in 
neighboring areas like Dombivli and Panvel through the merger process. Typically, to launch a 
large-scale project in any of these areas, you require multiple permissions, which is on the 
agenda for this year, where environmental clearances, approvals, and related processes will be 
undertaken. Accordingly, the launches are expected in the forthcoming year. The groundwork 
has already started across all these areas. 
Vansh: 
No, no, I get it completely. I mean, there are sort of challenges when it comes to redevelopment 
also, including given the size of the land bank that we have, we need to get certain commissions. 
But my only concern is that, do we have a separate redevelopment sort of division? Because 
given the pace of — I mean, we generally cover a lot of companies, other companies as well in 
real estate. But given even the small local developers, continuously, they're going to expand and 
target some new redevelopment projects. If you talk about Mumbai specifically, if you see from 
North Dahisar and Borivali down to South Mumbai. So all sort of local builders or even prime 
listed large companies in the stock exchange, even they are aggressively launching 
redevelopment projects. The expectation is generally that it does not take sort of a 9 or 10 months 
sort of timeline that is within our case. So do we have a separate division or sort of any action 
or roadmap that we have, let’s say, in the next one year, we are sort of targeting this much of 
redevelopment projects? We cannot now go into the past and then again change something, but 
in future, in coming times, are we looking at something, sort of internal targets that you would 
like to share with us? 
Chetan Shah: 
No, we already have a team specifically for redevelopment projects. We have a team of 12 
people that are working on it. Almost every tender, if you see, you'll have a Marathon 
participation, either in taking the tender and then doing the due diligence. And then we have 
internal metrics, within which if the project fits into that, then we proceed further into that 
project. 
Vansh: 
How much of the tenders is that we have participated and sort of we've converted. 
Chetan Shah: 
Yes, but these are future-looking statements, sir. We have to announce it only when we have a 
definitive agreement with the society. There are places where we are preferred developers, there 
are places where we are in the top 3. So all these announcements are not necessary right now 
until we have an irreversible or binding agreement with the societies. 
Vansh: 
So I mean, the last on the QIP round. Could you please tell me how much and what was the 
amount of debt repayment of INR 900 crores? 
Kaivalya Shah: 
Around INR 340 crores. 
Vansh: 
So the balance amount, I mean, are we sort of in Panvel, Dombivli, and Bhandup again, given 
the land bank that we have and also the sort of investments driven by the government and the 
local bodies, are we launching something aggressively in the next coming time? 
Kaivalya Shah: 
Yes. So the announcement of launches has already been made in terms of Panvel, Bhandup, and 
Byculla. And also from our QIP proceeds, some of the investments we are actually putting in 
the existing projects and making sure they run fast. So that is also where we have invested. And 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
the balance, like you rightly said, in terms of redevelopment projects and newer acquisitions, is 
what we are pumping in. Yes, so if that answers your question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dev Ajmera, an Individual Investor. 
Dev Ajmera: 
What's the update of the merger and acquisition in the NCLT? 
Chetan Shah: 
Yes. So regarding the merger and amalgamation arrangement that you are talking about, the 
process is: first, it gets cleared by SEBI and then it goes to NCLT. Currently, the NSE and BSE, 
both the exchanges where we are listed, have cleared it, and SEBI is doing the due diligence. 
Three rounds of question-answers have already happened with SEBI also. So we are at the final 
stage of SEBI approval. And then once that is done, that will go to NCLT. After NCLT receives 
the application, there would be about a 6- to 7-month period. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vansh an Individual Investor. 
Vansh: 
Again, just one question that I have. Again, so there are sort of three projects where we are 
continuously, again, in every presentation that I'm hearing: Monte South, Nexzone, and Futurex. 
Sir, I've been across all of these projects, and what I can say is some of these are ready, and some 
of them are like good to complete, or I would say, I can expect they are about to complete in a 
very good time, in a very short span of time. So, like in the coming time, let's say, in the next 
year, FY27, how many sort of like, say, three or four or five, whatever the number may be, 
projects can you name or tell us that these are going to be our cash cows, or these are going to 
be sort of revenue or cash flow generation projects? Other than these three — other than Monte 
South, Futurex, and Nexzone — so what are the new projects that are going to contribute to our 
cash collections and revenue? 
Chetan Shah: 
See, all our ongoing projects are so huge that there are four or five projects within one project. 
If we just talk about Monte South, there are four residential towers and one commercial tower 
planned. Total square feet is about 4 million square feet. So when we talk about such a huge 
project, it is going to be ongoing for a longer period of time. However, having said that, what 
new projects are going to be added, Kaivalya will add to that. 
Kaivalya Shah: 
Yes. So from the post-merger scenario, we have a project called Marathon Nextown, which is 
in Dombivli. We have already applied for environmental clearance. So in that project, we have 
around 7–8 lakh square feet in terms of presales that will be coming in the forthcoming year. 
And Nexworld is another project, again in Dombivli. So these are the projects in Dombivli in 
the post-merger scenario, is what I'm talking about. Over there also, significant presales will be 
coming in. And talking about Bhandup, we have a yearly target of specific launches and specific 
approvals. So year on year, at least we have an internal target where we have assumed a good 
chunk of inventory coming from Bhandup. 
Vansh: 
Could you please tell us the around the total in terms of the square feet, in more than 1 crores of 
square feet in Dombivli, Panvel and Bhandup, how much of the square feet. 
Kaivalya Shah: 
So primarily, it’s based on demand. I mean, 1 crore square feet is too much in that specific 
geography. But that being said, we are trying to hit our maximum limit. And just to give you an 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
idea, in every place where we are developing, in terms of the monetization plan, we’re open to 
doing some kind of joint venture with a larger developer who can take a larger chunk of our land 
and do a joint venture with us—something of that sort that will augment our presales. And there 
are many other methods, like selling B2B to other developers, like say PTC sales. I mean, there 
are different, different models of sales, where in one shot, we can do like INR 100 crores, INR 
200 crores transactions. And these are transactions that are very live and happening in and 
around Bhandup. So these are some of the methods in terms of monetizing our land. 
Vansh: 
Okay. I mean,   is there any builder that we have already in talks with for joint venture, sort of 
any large? 
Kaivalya Shah: 
It's too early to say anything, frankly. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Visweswar Rao Kasturi an Individual Investor. 
Visweswar Rao Kasturi: 
So if I remember correctly, I saw one update that you have acquired a related party company for 
INR 8 crores, where there is no revenue for the last 3 years. I just wanted to get the details of 
that? 
Chetan Shah: 
Yes. This is Sunset Spaces Private Limited. This is a company in which we are acquiring a 90% 
stake. The company is valued at INR 90 lakh. And we will be—this is a pre-money investment 
of 90%, which is roughly about INR 8.10 crores. So post-money, the company’s valuation is 
about INR 9 crores. In this, we already have two ongoing projects, and that company has been 
following the project completion method. So there has not been any revenue recognized for the 
last two years. And once they come into the fold as a subsidiary of our company, the process is 
going to be in sync with Marathon’s percentage completion accounting process. So from this 
March itself, the revenue will start getting recognized in that company. So that company has two 
projects in Dombivli, roughly about 75,000 square feet each. So that is immediately under 
acquisition. And that company is also sort of a preferred developer for one of the redevelopment 
processes. So all these things will be announced once we have all the equity acquisition 
completed. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand over the conference to 
management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Chetan Shah: 
Thank you. One question that probably remained unanswered was regarding the Residential–
Commercial mix. So currently, for the nine months, it is roughly 60% Residential and 40% 
Commercial in the top line for the nine-month period. That was one of the questions. Other than 
that, thank you very much for participating, asking questions, and being involved in the 
Company’s affairs. We really appreciate all your inputs, and we look forward to such 
participation in the future. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
