ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited 
Corporate Identity Number: U99999DL1993PLC054135 
Corporate Office: ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund Tower, Vakola, Santacruz East, Mumbai – 400055 Tel: +91 22 6647 
0200/2652 5000 Fax: +91 22 6666 6582/83, website: www.icicipruamc.com, email id: enquiry@icicipruamc.com 
Central Service Office: 2nd Floor, Block B-2, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (East),  
Mumbai – 400 063 , Tel No.: 022 26852000, Fax No.: 022-2686 8313 
Registered Office: 12th Floor, Narain Manzil, 23, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi – 110 001 
IPAMC/SE/13/25-26 
January 21, 2026  
To,  
BSE Limited, 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip code: 544658 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Listing Department,  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G 
block, 
Bandra 
Kurla 
Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
NSE Symbol: ICICIAMC 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:   Transcripts of media call and earnings call for the quarter and nine-months 
ended December 31, 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A Para A of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the 
SEBI Listing Regulations), we request you to please find enclosed herewith transcripts of the 
media call and earnings call with analysts and investors on the financial results of the 
Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025. 
The said transcripts would also be made available on the Company’s website at 
www.icicipruamc.com in compliance with Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
You are requested to kindly take the same on records. 
For ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited 
Rakesh Shetty  
Chief Compliance Officer & Company Secretary 
Membership No.: A15506 
RAKESH 
RAMESH SHETTY
Digitally signed by 
RAKESH RAMESH SHETTY 
Date: 2026.01.21 
10:59:36 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited 
Media Conference Call - Quarter Ended December 31st, 2025 
January 14, 2026 
Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this release which 
contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would' , ‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and 
similar expressions or variations of such expressions may constitute 'forward looking 
statements'. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and 
other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
contemplated by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, 
but are not limited to, actions of regulatory authorities, regulatory changes pertaining 
to the industry in which we operate and our ability to respond to such changes, our 
ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, 
technological implementation and changes, the actual growth in demand for AMC’s 
products and services, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, impact of 
competition; the impact of changes in accounting standards, tax and other legislations 
and regulations in the jurisdictions where the Company has operations or which affect 
global or Indian economic conditions as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed 
by ICICI Bank Limited, our holding company, with the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission. ICICI Bank Limited and we undertake no obligation to update 
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof. 

 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the ICICI 
Prudential Asset Management Company Limited's Earnings 
Conference Call with media for the quarter ended December 31st, 
2025. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
this conference, please signal an operator by pressing star and 
then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nimesh Shah, MD and CEO 
of ICICI Prudential AMC Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nimesh Shah: 
A warm welcome to our first earnings conference call as a listed 
company. With me on the call today are my colleagues Naveen 
Agarwal, who is the CFO of the company, Amar Shah, who is the 
Chief Business Officer of the company, Abhijit Shah, who is the 
Chief Marketing and Digital Business Officer of the company and 
Harshil Sanghavi, who heads Investor Relations. We will be able -
- all of us are there to address the questions following our opening 
remarks. 
 
If I talk about the industry, mutual fund industry has seen a robust 
growth over the last five years with the industry AUM growing 
threefold. 
The 
industry's 
quarterly 
average 
asset 
under 
management grew by 18.1% year-on-year and 5% sequentially in 
Q3 of FY '26 and it has reached INR81.0 trillion. 
 
Equity and equity-oriented quarterly average AUM, which 
commands the largest pie in the overall mutual fund industry, 
increased by 16.7% year-on-year and 5.3% quarter-on-quarter to 
INR44.0 trillion. The industry witnessed net flows of INR1.8 trillion 
during the quarter. The equity category continued to be at the 
forefront, attracting the net inflow of INR1.1 trillion. The SIP 
contribution for the month of December 2025 amounted to 

 
Page 3 of 12 
 
INR310.02 billion as compared to INR293.61 billion and INR264.59 
billion in the month of September '25 and December '24 
respectively. 
 
In the debt segment, quarterly average AUM grew by 21.0% year-
on-year and 2.3% quarter-on-quarter to INR13.4 trillion. Passive 
quarterly average AUM grew by 23.0% year-on-year and 9.5% 
sequentially to INR13.5 trillion. Industry saw an increase of unique 
customer reaching INR59.0 million, which represents an increase 
of 12.1% year-on-year and 3.4% as compared to previous quarter. 
 
I now hand over the call to Harshil for covering the performance of 
our company. 
Harshil Sanghavi: 
Thank you, Nimesh. Good evening, everyone. For the quarter 
ended December 2025, our total mutual fund quarterly average 
AUM reached INR10.8 trillion, which is up by 6.1% sequentially 
and 23.2% year-on-year, thereby maintaining our position as the 
second largest AMC with a market share of 13.3%. 
 
As of December 31, 2025, we continue to have the largest market 
share of 13.5% in active schemes with a quarterly average AUM 
of INR9.1 trillion, reflecting an increase of 5.2% as compared to 
the previous quarter and 20.6% Y-o-Y. As of December 2025, we 
continue to have the largest market share in equity and equity-
oriented schemes of 13.8% with a quarterly average AUM of 
INR6.1 trillion. This reflects an increase of 7.3% quarter-on-
quarter and 23.6% year-on-year.  
                                    The quarterly average AUM of our equity-oriented hybrid schemes 
amounted to INR2.1 trillion with the largest market share of 26.3% 
as of December 31, 2025. This reflects an increase of 9% Q-o-Q 
and 26.8% year-on-year. These market positions serve as a 
testament to our ongoing commitment to achieving risk-adjusted 
returns for our customers. 

Page 4 of 12 
In the debt segment, our quarterly average AUM stood at INR2.0 
trillion, reflecting a growth of 18.9% year-on-year and 2.7% as 
compared to the previous quarter. Our passive quarterly average 
AUM reached INR1.7 trillion, representing a growth of 39.4% Y-o-
Y and 10.8% sequentially.  
 For nine months ended December 2025, our margins on an 
annualized basis stand at 67 basis points for equity, 32 basis 
points for debt, 12 basis points for liquid, 9 basis points for 
passives and 30 basis points for arbitrage. We have a unique 
customer base of 16.2 million as of December 31, 2025. 
In December 2025, our systematic transactions, which includes 
SIP and systematic transfer plans, increased by 4.9% to INR50.37 
billion, which is up from INR48.03 billion in September 2025. This 
also marks an 18.6% rise compared to INR42.47 billion in 
December 2024. Notably, 95.7% of our total mutual fund purchase 
transactions were executed across digital platforms for the nine 
months ended December 2025.  
Our distribution mix of equity schemes quarterly average AUM is 
as follows with direct representing 28.0%, mutual fund 
distributors representing 37.3%, ICICI bank contributing 8.1%, 
other banks at 11.1% and national distributors accounting for 
15.5%. Notably, our net flows market share in equity schemes 
exceeds our AUM market share.  
We have also received approvals to launch specialized investment 
funds under the brand iSIF, pursuant to which we are launching 
two SIF.  
Our long-term strategy for mutual fund is to: 
1. Maintain focus on investment performance with a risk-
calibrated approach.
2. We would continue to focus on retail growth specifically
through systematic transactions.

 
Page 5 of 12 
 
3. Expand our customer base through distinct initiatives, 
increase penetration in existing and new markets and 
strengthen relationships with our distributors.  
4. Leverage our technology and scale digital capabilities to 
drive 
customer 
acquisition 
and 
enhance 
customer 
experience. 
Now let's move to our alternates business which comprises 
equity-focused PMS and alternative investment funds with 
strategies comprising private credit, long-only equities, office yield 
and real estate funds. For the December quarter end, our 
alternates quarterly average AUM stood at INR752.8 billion. 
Within alternates, our PMS quarterly average AUM grew by 7.5% 
sequentially and 22.6% Y-o-Y to INR272.81 billion. Our AIF 
quarterly average AUM of INR159.09 billion reflects a sequential 
growth of 8.6% and 40% year-on-year.  
For nine months ended December 2025, the gross yield on our 
alternates business was 1.99% and the net yield that is after 
reducing the fees and commission expense attributable to the 
alternates business was 97 basis points. These yields are on 
annualized basis. 
We have established retail FME branch presence in GIFT City. This 
expansion will enable us to launch retail schemes, exchange-
traded funds, alternative investment funds, PMS and advisory 
services for clients within IFSC GIFT City. We would also like to 
share an update. We have established presence in DIFC Dubai 
and have received requisite approval to commence operations. 
This will help us to effectively serve the investment needs of NRIs 
and international investors across the Middle East.  
I now hand over the call to Naveen Agarwal for covering the 
financial performance of the company. 

 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Thank you, Harshil. Good evening, everyone. I will talk about the 
financial performance for the quarter ended December 2025. Our 
operating revenues stood at INR15.15 billion representing a 
growth of 23.5% year-on-year and 6.7% sequentially. Our other 
income was recorded at INR1.09 billion. Operating expenses stood 
at INR4.05 billion, which was an increase of 8.5% year-on-year 
and 0.6% quarter-on-quarter.  
Our operating profit before tax, which indicates the core 
profitability of the business has reached INR11.10 billion. This 
represents a 30.0% increase year-on-year and 9.1% rise 
compared to the previous quarter. Profit after tax stood at 
INR9.17 billion, which is up by 45.1% year-on-year and 9.8% 
quarter-on-quarter. Return on equity for the nine-month ended 
December 2025 is at 87.9% on an annualized basis.  
 
Additionally, the Board of Directors have declared a dividend of 
INR14.85 per share. For the nine-month ended December 2025, 
our overall yield and net yield on annualized basis stood at 52 
basis points and 48 basis points respectively. Net yield is arrived 
at after reducing fees and commission expenses on alternates 
which is shown as an expense item in the P&L.  
                                     For the 9 months ended December 2025, our operating margin 
stood at 37 basis points as compared to 35 basis points for the 9 
months ended December 2024 on an annualized basis. As of 
December 31, 2025, our employee strength is at 3,522. 
 
Thank you for your attention. I look forward to discussing our 
performance. With this, we can go to the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and 
one on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants 
are requested to please use handsets while asking a question. 

 
Page 7 of 12 
 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, you 
may press star and one to ask a question. Our first question is 
from the line of Prashant Mahesh from Economic Times. Please go 
ahead. 
Prashant Mahesh: 
Yes. Hi. What kind of numbers are you expecting from the SIF 
business? 
Nimesh Shah: 
So, the two products which we will be launching on SIF, the NFO 
will happen in 2 days' time. We are not putting any number out as 
to what is the number that we are going to raise from it. Let us see 
what is the response to those products from the market. 
 
The whole idea of launching these products is that when you have 
the AUM that you have, whatever be the amount, once you start 
managing it nicely, properly in the investor's interest, over a period 
of time, all our funds have grown over a period of time, but the 
initial amount is not that important. It depends on the market 
outlook at that point of time. 
Prashant Mahesh: 
Okay. In the sense I was asking, how big a business do you expect 
it to be for you in the next 1 or 2 years? Could you throw some 
color on that? 
Nimesh Shah: 
This -- one should see this as a long-term, this one. I am not 
looking at it as a short-term 1 or 2 years. Let us show 
performance for 2, 3 years first, and then we will see how the 
whole category spans out. 
Prashant Mahesh: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to ask questions, 
you may please press star and one. Our next question is from the 
line of Kundan Kishore from Outlook Publishing India. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Kundan Kishore: 
Sir, my question is on the future growth. Sir, where do you see the 
next phase of growth coming from for your fund house and overall 
mutual fund industry?  
Nimesh Shah: 
See the industry, if you see the last 3 years, last 5 years, last 2 
years, last 1 year, the industry has been growing well, right. It is 
very difficult. So one thing is clear that if the number of where we 
were 10 years back as an industry, where we were 5 years back, 
the growth has been very good in the past. 
 
The good thing is that the investors also have had a good 
experience over a long time. If you meet any investor who has 
spent 3 years in our fund or 5 years in the fund, he has had a good 
experience. So a growing industry as financialization of savings 
can be seen in this industry very well. 
 
So as the industry keeps growing, it is very difficult to give out a 
number for the future as to what the future would be. We focus on 
that within whatever the industry grows, how do we as a 
company gain from it, right. So that is the focus that how do we 
work on the growth that is happening. Till now, we have grown in 
line with the industry and in future also, that will be our endeavor 
that we focus on our growth in line with the industry. 
Kundan Kishore: 
Okay, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Devyani from 
Network18. Please go ahead. 
Devyani: 
Right. So, sir, if I could understand, you mentioned that you 
opened a new subsidiary in Dubai, right? A new office in Dubai. 
What is the expected opportunity out here? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
So, what we have in Dubai is a branch office. It’s not a subsidiary. 
It’s effectively, you must see this as another outlet from which we 
can serve customers. There’s a large Indian diaspora NRI 

 
Page 9 of 12 
 
community. Dubai also acts as a hub for a larger Middle East. And 
we would be able to serve our customers who are existing and 
who might want to invest in our products through our presence 
there. So it just brings us closer to our customers by being present 
in Dubai. 
Devyani: 
Alright, sir. So, thank you. But is there some, can you quantify the 
kind of opportunity that you can expect from this particular new 
branch office? 
Naveen Agarwal:   
As I said, the Indian diaspora in the entire Middle East is a very 
large diaspora. Hence, we have seen their interest in investing in 
India from past. So we expect with our presence there that we 
should be able to reach out to a large population, Indian 
population and otherwise as well. And we'll see how this 
translates into business over a period of time. It's very difficult to 
quantify. 
Devyani: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, you may 
press star and one. Our next question is from the line of Anishaa 
Kumar from Moneycontrol. Please go ahead. 
Anishaa Kumar: 
Hi, sir. I just wanted two clarifications. One thing, you said that 
you just, in response to SIF, you said that your NFO is being in the 
next two days. This is for which fund exactly? And second, I want 
to know about your GIFT City plan, sir. 
Management: 
So, our SIF NFO would be for two products. First one is, X 100 mid 
cap and small cap strategy. And the other would be long shot in 
the hybrid. And with respect to GIFT City, we have a branch in, we 
have a branch in the GIFT City. As you know, the opportunity in 
GIFT City is twofold. One is with respect to NRIs investing from 
overseas into India. And also with respect to, any outward 
investment from here. We have been, we are evaluating both 

 
Page 10 of 12 
 
opportunities. We have already, we are in the process of raising 
money for an inbound fund out of our GIFT City branch. And we 
will scale this up over a period of time.  
 
On the SIF, maybe if I can add to what I said earlier, if you know 
from SEBI, there are six categories under which we can launch the 
product. There are two funds, as I mentioned, that we would be 
launching.  
 
In the first fund, which is X100, the focus would be to invest in the 
mid cap and the small cap stocks. And in the second fund, which 
is on the hybrid long short, we would be, it's a long short fund 
under the hybrid category as approved by SEBI, which would be 
investing as per the mandate of, allowed by the SEBI. 
Management: 
Just to add to what Naveen said, on the SIF side, as these both 
products, one is a mid-cap, small cap or X top 100 oriented fund, 
and second is hybrid fund. As you would be aware that SIF as a 
category also allows use of derivatives for the purpose of hedging, 
for the purpose of taking directional calls.  
 
So I think it's a differentiated category and a differentiated 
product from a conventional mutual fund. And, these are the two 
products where we would think that, it can be a differentiated 
space for the customers to invest on the SIF side. 
Anishaa Kumar: 
Thank you, sir. One more thing I wanted to just also know with 
regards to, this mutual fund regulation overhaul. So the, obviously 
it was not as bad as maybe what we were expecting earlier, but 
has some kind of estimation been done in terms of what would 
mean for ICICI now, with all the changes in TER and all that? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Yes, so you're referring to the, the recent circular by the SEBI, I 
believe,  if I have to put it, you know, summarize, the way you 
should see it is there are three main components to that circular. 
One is with respect to the exit load, the 5 basis point. The second 

 
Page 11 of 12 
 
one is with respect to the cut in the expenses. And the third are 
the rationalization of the brokerage limit that has happened. 
 
Against the cut in the TER slab rates, there is an allowance which 
has been given on account of GST. As you can, as you can 
imagine, depending on the size of the respective fund, the impact 
would be different. The large size fund might have a bigger impact 
as compared to the smaller size fund. We are working to see how 
all of this would work out and how we can rationalize the impact. 
And, you know, over a period of time, we can communicate more 
about that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question. Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish 
to ask questions, you may press star and one. Participants who 
wish to ask questions may press star and one at this time. We 
have no further questions at this time, ladies and gentlemen. 
Pardon me, ladies and gentlemen, we have an entry into the 
question queue. We have a question from the line of Devyani from 
Network 18. Please go ahead. 
Devyani: 
To what extent have we been able to pass on the changes, 
regulations, the impact of it? To what extent have we been able to 
pass it on to, let's say, distributors or the likes? 
Naveen Agarwal:   
This is expected to be effective 1st of April. 
Devyani: 
My apologies. But to what extent are we looking to, has there 
been any conversations that have started? 
Nimesh Shah: 
No, as I said, we would be working on this. We still have time and 
we'll, closer to the implementation date, we would have more 
clarity on this. 
Devyani: 
All right sir. Thank you. 

 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have no further questions, ladies and gentlemen. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Naveen 
Agarwal for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Thank you everyone for participating today in the call. I wish you a 
good evening. Thanks, from the company team here. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Prudential AMC Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may 
now disconnect your lines. 

Page 1 of 23 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited 
Earnings Conference Call - Quarter Ended December 31st, 2025 
January 14, 2026 
Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this release which 
contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would' , ‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and 
similar expressions or variations of such expressions may constitute 'forward looking 
statements'. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and 
other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
contemplated by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, 
but are not limited to, actions of regulatory authorities, regulatory changes pertaining 
to the industry in which we operate and our ability to respond to such changes, our 
ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, 
technological implementation and changes, the actual growth in demand for AMC’s 
products and services, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, impact of 
competition; the impact of changes in accounting standards, tax and other legislations 
and regulations in the jurisdictions where the Company has operations or which affect 
global or Indian economic conditions as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed 
by ICICI Bank Limited, our holding company, with the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission. ICICI Bank Limited and we undertake no obligation to update 
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof. 

 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the ICICI 
Prudential Asset Management Company Limited's Earnings 
Conference Call for the quarter ended December 31, 2025. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing star and then 
zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nimesh Shah, MD and CEO 
of ICICI Prudential AMC Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nimesh Shah: 
Welcome everybody to our first earnings conference call as a 
listed entity. We have got with us my colleague Naveen Agarwal, 
the CFO of the company, Amar Shah, the Chief Business Officer, 
Abhijit Shah, the Chief Marketing and Digital Officer and Harshil 
Sanghavi, who looks after Investor Relations. We will be there to 
address all your queries subsequent to the opening pitch. If you 
talk about the industry, mutual fund industry, as all of you know, 
has seen a robust trajectory of growth over the last five years, 
with the industry AUM growing threefold. 
 
The industry's quarterly average asset under management grew 
by 18.1% year-on-year and 5% sequentially in Q3 FY 26, reaching 
INR81.0 trillion. Equity and equity-oriented quarterly average 
AUM, which commands the largest pie in the overall mutual fund 
industry, increased by 16.7% year-on-year and 5.3% quarter-on-
quarter to INR44.0 trillion. 
 
The industry witnessed net inflow of INR1.8 trillion during the 
quarter. The equity category continued to be at the forefront, 
attracting a net inflow of INR1.1 trillion. The SIP contribution for 
the month of December 20, 2025 amounted to INR31,0.02 billion, 

 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
as compared to INR293.61 billion and INR264.59 billion in the 
month of September ’25 and December ‘24. 
 
In the debt segment, the quarterly average AUM grew by 21.0% 
year-on-year and 2.3% quarter-on-quarter to INR13.4 trillion. 
Passive quarterly average AUM grew by 23.0% year-on-year and 
9.5% sequentially to INR13.5 trillion. The industry saw an increase 
of unique customers reaching 59.0 million, which represents an 
increase of 12.1% year-on-year and 3.4% as compared to the 
previous quarter. 
 
Now I hand over the call to Harshil Sanghavi for covering the 
performance of our company. 
Harshil Sanghavi: 
Thank you, Nimesh. Good evening, everyone. For the quarter 
ended December 2025, our total mutual fund quarterly average 
AUM reached INR10.8 trillion, which is up by 6.1% sequentially 
and 23.2% year-on-year, thereby maintaining our position as the 
second largest AMC with a market share of 13.3%. 
 
As of December 31, 2025, we continue to have the largest market 
share of 13.5% in active schemes with a quarterly average AUM 
of INR9.1 trillion, reflecting an increase of 5.2% as compared to 
the previous quarter and 20.6% Y-o-Y. As of December 31, 2025, 
we continue to have the largest market share in equity and equity-
oriented schemes of 13.8% with a quarterly average AUM of 
INR6.1 trillion, reflecting an increase of 7.3% quarter-on-quarter 
and 23.6% year-on-year. 
 
The quarterly average AUM of our equity-oriented hybrid schemes 
amounted to INR2.1 trillion with a market share of 26.3% as of 
December 31, 2025. This reflects an increase of 9% Q-on-Q and 
26.8% year-on-year. These market positions serve as a testament 
to our ongoing commitment to achieving risk-adjusted returns for 
our customers. 

 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
In the debt segment, our quarterly average AUM stood at INR2.0 
trillion, reflecting a growth of 18.9% year-on-year and 2.7% as 
compared to the previous quarter. Our passive quarterly average 
AUM reached INR1.7 trillion, representing a growth of 39.4% Y-o-
Y and 10.8% sequentially. For nine months ended December 2025, 
our margins on annualized basis stand at 67 basis points for 
equity, 32 basis points for debt, 12 basis points for liquid, 9 basis 
points for passive and 30 basis points for arbitrage. 
 
We have a unique customer base of 16.2 million as of December 
31, 2025. In December 2025, our systematic transactions, which 
includes SIP and systematic transfer plans, increased by 4.9% to 
INR50.37 billion, which was up from INR48.03 billion in September 
2025. This also marks an 18.6% rise compared to INR42.47 billion 
in December 2024. Notably, 95.7% of our total mutual fund 
purchase transactions were executed across digital platforms for 
nine months ended December 2025. 
 
Our distribution mix of equity schemes quarterly average AUM is 
as follows, with direct representing 28%, mutual fund distributors 
accounting for 37.3%, ICICI bank contributing 8.1%, other banks 
share at 11.1% and national distributors accounting for 15.5%. 
Our net flows market share in equity schemes exceeds our AUM 
market share. 
 
We have received approvals to launch Specialized Investment 
Funds under the brand iSIF, pursuant to which we are launching 
two SIFs.  
                                     Our long-term strategy for mutual fund is to :  
1. Maintain focus on the investment performance with risk-
calibrated approach.  
2. Continue our focus on retail growth specifically through 
systematic transactions. 

 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
3. Expand our customer base through distinct initiatives, 
increasing penetration in existing and new markets and 
strengthen relationships with our distributors.  
4. Leverage our technology and scale digital capabilities to drive 
customer acquisition and enhance customer experience.  
                                     Now let's move to our alternates business which comprise equity-
focused PMS and alternative investment funds with strategies 
comprising private credit, long-only equities, office yield and real 
estate funds. 
 
For the December quarter end, our alternates quarterly average 
AUM stood at INR752.8 billion. Within alternates, our PMS 
quarterly average AUM grew by 7.5% sequentially and 22.6% Y-
o-Y to INR272.81 billion. Our AIF quarterly average AUM of 
INR159.09 billion reflected a sequential growth of 8.6% and 40.0% 
year-on-year.  
For nine months ended December 2025, the gross yield on our 
alternates business was 1.99% and the net yield, that is after 
reducing the fees and commission expenses attributable to the 
alternates business, was 97 basis points on an annualized basis.  
We have established retail FME branch presence in GIFT City. This 
expansion will enable us to launch retail schemes and ETFs, 
alternate investment funds, PMS and advisory services for clients 
within IFSC GIFT City. 
We would also like to share an update on DIFC. We have received 
requisite approvals to commence the operations. This will help us 
to effectively serve the investment needs of NRI and international 
investors across the Middle East. 
I now hand over the call to Naveen for covering financial 
performance of the company. 

 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Thank you, Harshil. Good evening, everyone. I will cover the 
financial performance overview for the quarter ended December 
2025. Our operating revenues stood at INR15.15 billion, 
representing a growth of 23.5% year-on-year and 6.7% 
sequentially. Our other income for the quarter was recorded at 
INR1.09 billion. Operating expenses amounted to INR4.05 billion 
which was an increase by 8.5% year-on-year and 0.6% quarter-
on-quarter.  
Our operating profit before tax, which indicates the core 
profitability of the business, stood at INR11.10 billion. This 
represents a 30.0% increase year-on-year and 9.1% rise on 
quarter-on-quarter. Our profit after tax stood at INR9.17 billion 
which is up by 45.1% year-on-year and 9.8% quarter-on-quarter. 
Return on equity for nine months ended December 2025 is at 
87.9% on an annualized basis.  
The Board of Directors additionally have approved an interim 
dividend of INR14.85 per share. For nine months ended December 
2025, if you look at it on an overall yield and net yield, our 
annualized basis, the overall yield was 52 basis point and the net 
yield was 48 basis point, respectively. Net yield is arrived at after 
reducing the fee and commission expenses on alternates which is 
shown as an expense item in the P&L.  
For nine months ended December 2025, our operating margin 
stood at 37 basis point as compared to 35 basis point for nine 
months ended December '24. This is on an annualized basis. And 
our employee count as on December 31, 2025 was 3,522. 
With this, we can move to the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-
answer session. Our first question is from the line of Lalit Mohan 
Deo from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
Lalit Mohan Deo: 
Good evening, sir. Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, 
just two questions. So, firstly 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir, but you sound a little muffled. If you could 
please check the mode that you are using on your handset.  
Lalit Mohan Deo: 
Yes, is this better?  
Moderator: 
Yes, this is much better, sir. Please go ahead.  
Lalit Mohan Deo: 
Yes. Sir, I have two questions. So, firstly, on the revenue side, is it 
possible to break up the revenue in terms of mutual fund, 
alternates and the advisory business? And the second was just a 
clarification, like in the presentation it is mentioned that like the 
systematic flows which we represent, so that includes SIP flows 
towards PMS business as well.  
Naveen Agarwal: 
Yes. So, on your first question of the total core revenue, around 
92% is coming from the mutual fund, 7% is coming from 
alternates and approx1% is coming from advisory. On your 
second question on systematic transactions, there is a small 
number which is on account of PMS as well, but the systematic 
transaction does include that as well. 
Lalit Mohan Deo: 
Sure, sir. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sucrit D Patil from 
Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sucrit D Patil: 
Good evening to the team. I have two questions. My first question 
is to Mr. Shah. As India's asset management industry evolves with 
rising retail participation and digital distribution and regulatory 
changes, what are the structural shifts you are -- what are the 
structural shifts you see shaping ICICI Prudential's position over 
the next two to three years? Especially, how are you preparing to 
differentiate beyond scale, whether through product innovation, 
investor education or any tech-led engagement or anything which 

 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
is on your mind? I just want to understand your view on this. 
Thank you. 
Nimesh Shah:  
So, I had said it at the time of IPO also. At the time of IPO and I am 
saying it now also that this industry has been growing very well 
and we plan to continue doing what we have been doing. There is 
nothing dramatically different that we plan to do. It is a very 
simple business. I think the regulator has created a brilliant 
product. The product is working in the interest of the customer. 
 
When the product is working in the interest of the customer, it has 
become a Pull product as much as when I started working in this 
industry, it was a push product. Today, thanks to the good product 
and the customer's good experience in this product, it has become 
a Pull product. So, any company which works, manages scale well 
and is able to manage money in a very responsible manner, keeps 
on getting money from the customer. 
 
You would have seen that is happening. A lot of small AMCs also 
have been able to generate a huge amount of AUM because they 
gave a very good performance. So, I feel the way to track this 
industry is also how well are the funds doing for the final 
customer. Native intelligence, forget artificial intelligence, is that 
anybody who makes money in your funds will further invest with 
you.  
So, we have got more than 1.6 crore customers. A lot of them have 
made decent money if you look at our performance track record. 
So, I think we have been able to deliver a good risk management -
- risk-adjusted return. And with that and the positioning that we 
have with our brand in the country, If we don't make big mistakes, 
there is a probability that we can do well.  
So, when you get, it is a very simple business. There is no 
complicated jargon required. If you manage money carefully and 
you give a risk-adjusted good return to the customer, your AUM 

 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
keeps growing. I have been seeing it since last 10-15 years that 
this is happening. And so, as far as use of technology is 
concerned, we are at the cutting edge. You would have seen our 
apps. A lot of you would have been our customers also. 
 
You would have seen our apps. You have seen the way we have 
transitioned from the traditional model to the new digital model. 
And Naveen pointed out to the percentage of the transactions 
that are happening online. So, that is a way of life. Today, I don't 
want to talk about technology separately because technology is 
with which we operate. So, it is not a basic, it is not a new 
strategy. 
 
Always we have been on the cutting edge as far as technology is 
concerned. We benchmark ourselves against the best in the 
industry and we have been doing that. So, it is the same thing that 
we have done over the last 15 years that we want to continue 
doing, manage money well. And if we manage money well, our 
business keeps growing. 
Sucrit D Patil: 
Thank you. My second question is to Mr. Agarwal. On the 
profitability side, just sense of the planning, given the pressure 
from competitive expense ratios and the digital platforms, how are 
you balancing near-term margin protection with longer-term 
investments that could structurally expand the profits? 
 
Are there any specific levers like operating efficiency or product 
mix or partnerships or anything else that you see can help you 
grow the margins beyond FY ‘26? Thank you. 
Naveen Agarwal:  
Traditionally, we have always been investing in the business. And 
if you see over a period, given the increase in the overall AUM and 
the resultant increase in the revenue, there has been an operating 
leverage which has played out. We obviously keep looking at our 
expenses and optimize wherever possible. 

 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
 
But in so far as the approach is concerned, the approach which 
was to invest in business so that wherever we see opportunity, we 
are future ready, that approach will continue in future as well. We 
do not see that changing at all.  
Sucrit D Patil: 
Thank you for the guidance and I wish the entire team best of luck 
for next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pratik Ghosh from 
Citi. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan: 
Good evening. This is Dipanjan here from Citi. So just a few 
questions from my side. Firstly, in terms of your SIP flows from the 
mutual fund side of the business, would it be possible to let's say 
give a breakup between let's say sectoral SMID and others and 
how that would have changed let's say across years or months?  
The second question is on this mutual fund circular which has 
come out and its potential impact. Now what we understand from 
your peers is that maybe a portion of the head, majority of it might 
be passed on to distributors. Now what I understand is you 
operate on a marginal pricing regime with the distributor payout 
side. So on this backdrop, would it be fair to assume that you can 
also do a similar pass-through to the distributor or your mitigating 
strategies will be different? 
The third question and this is more of a follow-up to one of your 
comments where you mentioned the revenue split between mutual 
fund, alternates, PMS and others. I just wanted to understand was 
it AUM split or revenue split and in case it was revenue split, was 
it on a net basis or gross basis? I'm just adjusting for the fees on 
the PMS and alternates basically. 
Naveen Agarwal:  
So, Dipanjan, three questions. On your first question on the SIP, 
the number that we have put out is a systematic transaction 
number which is a total of systematic SIP as well plus Systematic 

 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
Transfer Plan. Frankly, it doesn't, from a commercial perspective, it 
does not make any difference which scheme the money is coming 
in. 
 
I think the key number that one should look at is what is the inflow 
that we are getting on account of systematic transactions on a 
month-on-month basis. So, that's the number that we track and 
that's the number that we put out.  
On your second question on passing on of the deduction which 
has been proposed under the SEBI circular, as you know, there are 
a few proposals from SEBI with respect to the cut in the TER and 
against that cut, there has been some allowances which has been 
given on account of GST which we can charge over and above 
what we are allowed to charge today. 
Frankly, this is expected to be applicable from 1st of April. If we 
simply see from math's perspective, there would be implications, 
impact on some of the larger schemes. But closer to the date, we 
will assess it and we will update you as and when we have more 
information on this from our side. On your third point on revenue 
split, it's actually, what I gave you is a approximate revenue split, 
net revenue of 92, 7 and 1. 
Pratik Ghosh: 
So, just to clarify, when you say net, it is adjusted for fees and I 
think at the time of listing, you had also mentioned there is a line 
item called business operational expense. I mean, do you adjust 
for that also or it's just the fee and commission expense that you 
are adjusting for? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
For alternate, we are only adjusting it for the fee and commission 
expenses because, as you know, in alternate, it's paid from the 
AMC and not from the fund. So, sometimes the gross looks 
elevated. What makes sense is to look at the net number for 
alternate. 

 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Pratik Ghosh: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mohit Mangal 
from Centrum. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Yes. 
Good 
evening. 
Thanks 
for 
the 
opportunity 
and 
congratulations on a strong set of numbers. My first question is 
towards the distributor payout. So, I think you have a very lower 
distributor payout despite being the highest equity AUM. 
So, I wanted to understand the model that, you know, how do you 
pay the distributor in the sense that is it based on telescopic 
pricing or is it revised periodically? If you can just throw some light 
on that, that will be helpful. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
As you rightly said, on the distributor payout, there is a benchmark 
with respect to what is being paid out at the industry level. This is 
something that we do it on a regular basis. 
We review what sort of, you know, what sort of TER we are going 
to get and then we decide what sort of sharing we could be, we 
can do with the distributor. This is an ongoing process and this is 
something that we monitor and we review and, you know, we 
decide on a periodic basis. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. So, can we assume that maybe it is done, say, on a 
quarterly basis based on how AUM has kind of, you know, moved 
or is it an annual exercise if you can just throw some light on that? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
No. So, it is done often. It is not an annual exercise. It is done at 
least on a quarterly basis and if need be otherwise as well, but it is 
also dependent on the long-term relationship with the respective 
distribution partners. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. My next question is on the ICICI Bank share. So, I 
think it is in the single digit. So, are we having some kind of a 

 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
dialogue, you know, that if we can increase the share, if we can 
just throw some light on that? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Yes, you rightly said ICICI Bank is at AUM wise 8.1% of our mix.  
Amar Shah: 
So, okay, I am very clear that we work with every distributor 
including ICICI Bank and, you know, wherever bank and their 
customers, there is a need to invest, we work along with the bank. 
So, we continue to maintain the rigor across the distribution and 
ICICI Bank is one of the distributors where we work very, very 
closely with them on the sales side. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Right. So, I mean, the share is in single digit. So, are we trying to 
increase it further? 
Amar Shah: 
The effort is to increase the total pie with every possible 
distributor, ICICI being one of them. We will be very happy if the 
share goes up, but as I said, the effort is across distribution to 
keep on increasing the business. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood, understood. Thanks, and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ansuman Deb 
from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ansuman Deb: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the 
alternate growth. Any color you can share in terms of how we can 
view this growth trajectory? Should it be more steadier than the 
MSPs or any color on that will be great. 
 
And secondly, on our employee count, has there been reduction 
since FY25 because the number you shared, I thought it was a 
little lower. These are the two questions. Thank you. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
See our alternate business is still, you know, relatively newer 
business. Most of the increase has happened in last few years. 
There is a large headroom with respect to the growth, you know, 

 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
difficult to predict how much would it be growing by. As an 
approach, our focus is on all the business segments. 
We are equally focused on mutual fund. We are also focused on 
alternate and within alternate also various subcomponents of it. 
Ultimately, what is key is that the performance under the scheme 
should also remain good. And so, from a focus perspective, that is 
what we will do our job and let's see how the numbers play out.  
On the employee count, frankly, I don't think you could see too 
much into the marginal fall. I believe, you know, we keep looking 
at rationalization. It could be numbers here and there. So, as I see, 
for example, last – vis-à-vis the last quarter and this quarter 
number is pretty much flattish. 
Ansuman Deb: 
Understood. Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavya Sanghvi 
from Alchemy Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bhavya Sanghvi: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity, sir. I joined the call a little 
late. Could you help me with the yield in different parts of the 
segments, including mutual funds and AIF? Alternative. Thank you. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Yes. So, for the nine-month ended December '25, on equity, our 
margins are 67 basis points. On debt, it is 32 basis points. On 
liquid, it's 12 basis points. Passive is 9 basis points. And arbitrage 
is 30 basis points. On alternate, on gross, yield is 1.99, while on 
net, it is 97 basis points. These are all on annualized basis. 
Bhavya Sanghvi:  
Thank you. And the second question would be, could you also help 
me with the outstanding number of SIPs and STPs put together? 
Naveen Agarwal:  
Again, as you know, it actually doesn't matter. Our average SIP 
would be pretty much in line with that of the industry in terms of 
number of accounts.  

 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
Amar Shah: 
Okay. So, the current SIP plus STP book that we have as of 
December 31, 2025 is INR5,000 crores. That's the outstanding 
number.  
Bhavya Sanghvi:  
So, the number -- the number of outstanding SIPs is -- so, 
INR5,000 crores is exactly what, sir? Sorry. 
Amar Shah: 
INR5,000 crores is the amount that gets triggered every month 
and it automatically comes into the fund. In a systematic route, it 
comes into the schemes. It is a combination of SIP plus STPs. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
It's actually INR5,037 crores to be exact. 
Bhavya Sanghvi:  
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, you may 
please press star and one. Our next question is from the line of 
Ansh Mehta from Value Partners. Please go ahead. 
Ansh Mehta:   
Hello. Am I audible? 
Moderator:  
 
Sir, you are audible. 
Ansh Mehta: 
Yes. Thank you, sir. Just a quick question. Your employee count is 
almost double the size of your next listed competitor. I just wanted 
to color on, is that because your Alternates business is sort of 
larger or is it more because of a push in your business and your 
distribution? If you can just add some color on that. 
Naveen Agarwal:  
Yes. So, as you rightly pointed out, clearly, we have a business line 
on the alternate. And within alternate also, as you would have 
seen in our presentation, there are multiple business lines. So, in 
alternate, we have listed equity, PMS, we have AIF as well. 
We have real estate; we have private credit. And all these means 
that we would have investment team across all these business 
lines. We would have support functions, operations, sales. So, 

 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
hence, our count increases because of this incremental business 
that we have.  
Nimesh Shah: 
See we have discussed this. It's exactly because we don't have 
any of, we have employees on-role. And the focus for us has been 
that every business that we start should be viable, and we are 
conscious that it should breakeven. If we start a new initiative, we 
are conscious at what AUM level it will breakeven. 
So, we do take initiatives, which will initially increase costs. But if 
we see a roadmap of more revenue, so don't compare only the 
number of employees, it is good to be over invested in a business 
which is growing continuously. See, we, our fund management, I'll 
just give you an example in equity investment, forget every other 
area. 
The AUM has been growing very fast, almost every 3 to 3.5 years, 
we have been doubling our AUM. So we create fund managers 
internally. All my fund managers in the mutual fund side have 
been created internally. So, my investment team will be way more 
than anybody else that you will compare with, because we believe 
that we will create more fund managers internally. 
And so that we need whatever we need. Today, we are INR6.5 
lakh crores. 3 years back, our AUM was much lesser than that. But 
we don't go and search for fund managers today. I'd invested 3 
years back. Today, I've got 15 fund managers on the mutual fund 
side. And we know that we are over invested. 
And in this business, since it is growing well, it is better to be over 
invested as far as creating capabilities and capacities is 
concerned. So, don't only look at the incremental cost. When you 
compare numbers, don't only look at incremental cost, look at the 
incremental revenue and incremental operating profit. There is 
only one word we understand, the incremental operating profit, 
please see that. 

 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
Ansh Mehta: 
That's well noted. Thank you, sir. And just one more question. In 
your P&L statement, when you compare it with other competitors, 
maybe this is just my way of reading, but it is only ICICI that 
shows a distribution expense, whereas other AMCs would 
generally list their revenue as net of any commission expenses. Is 
there any reason why your distribution expenses are higher apart 
from the alternate business? That point is noted. 
Naveen Agarwal:   It is only on account of alternate business. Our revenue distribution… 
Ansh Mehta:  
Okay. So, higher distribution, right? 
Naveen Agarwal:  
If you read our P&L, you would see under expenses ahead called 
fee and commission expenses, which is on account of the 
commission expenses for the alternate business, which by 
regulation has to be paid not from the fund, but from the AMC. So, 
we earn gross fees and then we pay that commission. And if the 
gross is reflected in the revenue, the expenses are reflected in the 
expense item. 
Ansh Mehta:  
Understood. Noted, sir. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Viraj Negandhi 
from Piper Serica. Please go ahead. Viraj, your line has been 
unmuted. You may proceed with your question. As we are not 
receiving a response from the current participant, we will move to 
the participant in the queue. Our next question is from the line of 
Gaurav Jani from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jani:  
Congrats on a good quarter. Just one question. Last three 
quarters, we have been seeing, you know, operating leverage play 
out in terms of opex to assets reducing. Safe to assume this would 
be a trend going forward or how should we look at it? 
Naveen Agarwal:  
We do not know how the AUM is going to shape up in future. As I 
said, since there has been a lot of growth, both on the AUM and 

 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
the resulting growth on the revenue, operating leverage as you 
rightly saw has been played out. We do not know how it is going 
to be in future. So, very difficult to say if that is going to be the 
case in the next few quarters as well. 
Gaurav Jani:   
Sure, sir. Understood, sir. That is it from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mohit Motwani 
from Tara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Motwani: 
Yes, just a clarification on the data points that you have given. So, 
the blended yield, the yield that you provided for the different 
asset classes. So, the blended yield, the equity mutual fund 
revenue comes out as 83% of the total revenue from operation. 
Will that be a correct understanding? Because the blended yield is 
47 basis points for mutual fund segment? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
No. So, I think the way you are looking at, you should see the net 
number on the alternate side, because we have given out the 
growth as well as the net yield on the alternate. In so far as in the 
alternate, the net yield as I mentioned is a 97 basis point. While in 
the revenue, the yields are stated at gross level. 
 
And hence, if you calculate the based on gross, you will find a 
different number. But if you calculate based on net, I think that is 
the right way of looking at it. And the split that I gave out is the 
right split. 
Mohit Motwani: 
Thanks for the clarification. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Lalit Mohan Deo 
from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Lalit Mohan Deo: 
Yes, sir. Just to follow up on the revenue side. So, it appears that 
the yield on the advisory business comes around 17, 18 basis 
points. So, while in the first half, it was coming around 30, 31 

 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
basis points. So, is the calculation correct? And how should we see 
this business going ahead for the next 2, 3 years? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
No. Yield for the 9 months on the advisory business is about 32 
basis points. For, it is not really -- it is not the number that you are 
mentioning. It is actually 32 basis points. 
Lalit Mohan Deo: 
Okay. And sir, how should we see this business incrementally like 
for the next 2, 3 years in terms of growth? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
See, this is effectively the money which we advise. This is the 
funds which have been raised outside India where we are 
advising. -- various parameters which play with respect to the 
growth of this AUM, international parameters also come in. We 
did see a good jump in this AUM in the past period, of late, it has 
been flattish. 
 
Again, it's a factor of how the market does, but it is also a factor 
of how does these international investors allocate their money 
across geographies and asset classes. So that would effectively 
determine the trajectory of the AUM and the result in revenue for 
us. 
Lalit Mohan Deo: 
Sure, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ashish Sharma 
from Oaklane Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Sharma: 
Yes. Just wanted to check on the yield on the alternate side. So, I 
know the net yield for the business is close to 90 bps. So, from an 
outlook perspective, do you see this yield on the PMS or the 
alternate piece to sort of sustain or you think eventually there 
would be some pricing pressure on the alternate side? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
The one thing that we know is that unlike mutual fund in alternate, 
there is not any formula-based pricing. And hence, at various 
AUMs, technically this yield could remain the same. Now, whether 

 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
this yield remains at this level or it comes down depends on 
various parameters. So, we will have to see how things proceed. If 
you look at the past period, you would see this yield around this 
number itself. So, I think that is how you should see this. 
Ashish Sharma: 
Okay. And in this clarification perspective, so the sourcing for the 
alternate, I mean, is the mix similar to the mutual fund or is it 
different? 
Amar Shah: 
The percentage mix may vary a bit, but the approach towards 
customer and distribution in terms of getting the business is 
similar. The mix may vary a bit. 
Ashish Sharma: 
Okay. Okay. Perfect. Yes. That will be all from my side. And 
congratulations once again on a good set of numbers, sir. Thank 
you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Mehta from 
Malabar Investments. Please go ahead. 
Yash Mehta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations, Mr. Shah and the 
team on fantastic listing and the performance that has been 
delivered. Sir, I have two questions. My first question is, despite 
your strong market power and position, you have actually not 
gone and renegotiated like blanket variabilization of your back 
book like some of the other AMCs have chosen to do. I wanted to 
understand how are you tracking this decision? How do you think 
about it? 
 
You are in a position to do it. Is it that you have not exercised that 
thing? So, I was just trying to figure out why the reluctance to do it 
because we have clearly seen feedback from the larger 
distributors that your other peers in the top five, top ten AMCs 
have chosen to kind of go for some of those renegotiations. That is 
my first question. I am happy to take the second question later or 
can continue right now if required? 

 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Go ahead, Yash. Give me the second. Let us know the second 
question also.  
Yash Mehta: 
Sir, the second question is in terms of your operating profit 
margins, you obviously are industry leading at 37 odd bps. How 
should one think about, let us say, maintaining this operating 
profit yield or in terms of the internal KPIs that the board would 
have, would it be more driven at absolute operating profit growth, 
maintaining the yield, the ROE, just in terms of maximizing for a 
certain variable, what is that variable? That would be my second 
question? 
Naveen Agarwal:  
So, on your first question, Yash. The way we do our distribution 
commission pricing is on marginal TER. So, which effectively 
means that we look at what is going to be the TER that we would 
get on the new phase which is going to happen in the near future. 
What is it that it would earn us and then decide how much of that 
we could pay as commission to the distributors. 
 
It is not based on the average TER that we are earning on our 
book. And hence, by this methodology, this approach, it is 
automatically ensured that every money that we get, we know 
what is it that we will earn and how much we are paying. Hence, 
the likelihood of us going and correcting the commissions of the 
past is less in our case. 
 
It is actually not required through this formula. On your second 
point on operating profit margin, frankly see there are various 
levers here. You mentioned 37 basis point is what we are getting. 
As you could see, this would depend on the revenue mix between 
mutual fund and alternate.  
It would also depend on within mutual fund, the component of 
equity vis-a-vis other asset classes. And it has just so happened 
that this number has been around this for us for some time. It is 
not that we are looking to target a particular number or trying to 

 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
be at this number. We are trying to optimize every business 
vertical that we have.  
We are trying to be equally focused on all of them. The operating 
margin which comes, which is 37 basis points for this quarter is an 
output. And in future also, when we work on all the levers, output 
would be whatever it will be, but we are not working towards a 
particular number of basis point on this. 
From a board perspective, I believe the direction to us is obviously 
on an operating PAT. And that is the number that board typically 
reviews us at and that is one number and we are not looking at a 
particular basis point. But what is our operating PAT on a quarter-
on-quarter basis, that is something that we are mindful of.  
Nimesh Shah: 
The board is conscious of two numbers that we have two. One is 
our fund performance and how the fund performance is going. 
And second is vis-a-vis the fund performance. How much do we 
sell in the market? What is the percentage market share? If 
INR100 is sold in the market, how much do we share on that? That 
is the market share we are talking about. 
 
And the third is that it should be profitable. So operating profit is a 
very, very important metric. Internally, we would look at operating 
profit and not total profit, because total profit also has an element 
of other income, which I have discussed with a lot of you. So these 
are the three parameters. Fund performance, how much do we sell 
given the fund performance and what is our operating profit.  
Yash Mehta: 
And sir if I may ask a follow up to that, and good to listen to you 
Mr. Shah, would be the fact that the second point that you 
mentioned is not a publicly disclosed figure, what does that 
number usually, what is the expectation like a ballpark is good 
enough? 
Nimesh Shah: 
What expectation? Which second number? 

 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Yash Mehta: 
Sir you said there is a further net sales, industry net sales, what 
share of industry net sales is generally targeted at your end?  
Naveen Agarwal: 
So Yash, our endeavor is that our net flow, net sales flow share 
should be higher than our AUM market share. 
Yash Mehta: 
Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough. Perfect. That's all from my side. 
Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now take one last 
question from the line of Gaurav Jani from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Please go ahead.  
Gaurav Jani: 
So thanks for the follow up. Just one clarification, the split 
between revenue, right. So what I understand what you 
mentioned is the total revenue is INR1,515 crores minus the PMS 
AIF expense of INR109 crores, right. That comes to about 
INR1,406 crores, that is to be split between 93.7 and 1%, right? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
92.7 and 1, yes.  
Gaurav Jani: 
Perfect, sir. Thank you, sir. That’s it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Naveen Agarwal for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Thank you, everyone. We appreciate the interest shown by the 
analysts and the investor community today on the call. I wish to 
thank all of you. I wish you all a good evening. Thank you. Thank 
you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Prudential AMC Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may 
now disconnect your lines. 
