 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Jain Plastic Park, P.O.Box: 72, N.H.No. 53, Jalgaon – 425 001. India. 
Tel: +91-257-2258011; Fax: +91-257-2258111; E-mail: jisl@jains.com; Visit us at: www.jains.com 
CIN: L29120MH1986PLC042028 
 
 
 
 
JISL/SEC/2026/02/B-2/B-6 
 
 
 
 
 
 February 6, 2026 
To, 
BSE Ltd., 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, Rotunda 
Building, P. J.  Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,   
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Email : cc@nse.co.in 
 
 
Ref:  Code No. 500219 (BSE) & JISLJALEQS (NSE) for Ordinary Equity Shares 
Code No. 570004 (BSE) & JISLDVREQS (NSE) for DVR Equity Shares 
 
 
Sub: Transcript – Q3/9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Q3/9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on 
February 4, 2026 at 2:30 PM IST.  
 
 
Please take the above on record and acknowledge. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jain Irrigation Systems Limited, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A. V. Ghodgaonkar 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AVDHUT 
VASANT 
GHODGAONK
AR
Digitally signed by 
AVDHUT VASANT 
GHODGAONKAR 
Date: 2026.02.06 
16:16:23 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Jain Irrigation Systems Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANIL JAIN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, JAIN IRRIGATION SYSTEMS 
LIMITED  
MR. BIPEEN VALAME – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
JAIN IRRIGATION SYSTEMS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. BHAVYA SHARMA – DR CHOKSEY FINSERV 
PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Jain Irrigation Systems Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by DR Choksey Finserv Private Limited. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Bhavya Sharma from DR Choksey Finserv Private 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Sharma. 
Bhavya Sharma: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
Earnings Call to discuss the Q3 FY '26 results. 
 
Today, we have on call Mr. Anil Jain – CEO and MD and Mr. Bipeen Valame – Chief 
Financial Officer. 
 
We must remind you that the discussion on today’s call may include certain forward-looking 
statements that may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors and 
must therefore be viewed in conjunction with the risks that the Company faces. Future results, 
performance or achievements may differ significantly from what is expressed and implied by 
such forward-looking statements. Please note the results and presentation are available on the 
exchange and our Company’s website. 
 
Now I request Mr. Anil Jain to take us through the Company’s “Business Outlook and 
Financial Highlights”, subsequent to which we will open the floor for questions. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Anil Jain: 
Thank you. And I would like to welcome everybody. Today, we are discussing the Quarter 3 
results for Jain Irrigation Company in terms of our business in India, as well as business of our 
subsidiary, which is food processing, and the overseas plastic business which we have globally 
speaking. 
 
Overall, company has done quite well in terms of revenue, growing almost at 17%, 17.4% to 
close to Rs. 1,600 crore in terms of this quarter. And when we look at where did this 17% 
growth came from, the Hi-Tech business, which covers the drip irrigation and tissue culture, 
that grew also close to 16% from Rs. 540 crores to Rs. 625 crores.  
 
The plastic business, which includes the pipes business in India and the plastic sheet business 
overseas, it grew 18% from Rs. 391 crores to Rs. 462 crores. And agro processing, which is 
local in India as well as overseas business, processing of the fruits and vegetables and spices, 
grew also 18.5% from Rs. 430 crores to Rs. 509 crores.  

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
So, this was the quarter where we had all-round growth across all the three strong segments of 
the business of the company, and every business has registered growth in high-teens. And this 
is in line with our expectation, but first half, we had, the plastic business was not doing that 
well, especially in India because of the lower prices of the resin which resulted into lower 
prices of the pipe being as a product and also extended rainy season, which created seasonal 
challenges in terms of demand, and that is now started to picking up, and that is where you see 
this kind of revenue growth which we have achieved.  
 
In this revenue growth which we achieved across different segments, what was more 
heartening to see that the retail sales, the sales where we sell through our dealers this quarter 
were up across the piping and irrigation segments and tissue culture. We are almost up 24%. 
So, overall growth might seem lower at 17%, but retail sales grew very well at 24%. And that 
is what our focus is going forward as well, that as we bring down the project sales, as we 
complete the projects etc., next 12 months, it would almost be negligible, the retail sale is what 
is going to fuel the growth for the company and that already automatically means better 
balance sheet because retail sales mean very efficient, optimum working capital cycle with low 
receivables and fast moving inventory turns.  
 
So, we will remain focused on that and this quarter was good validation of that effort. Even 
though overall retail sales in the first 9 months are up 14% only and that is because I talked 
about the piping sales which were lower for a period of time. This particular quarter, we were a 
little bit had some challenge on export business where our exports were reduced this particular 
quarter. Quarter-to-quarter comparison from the last same year quarter, our exports were lower 
by 34%. Otherwise, this overall performance would have been even more robust.  
 
In terms of the retail product which we sell, the volume growth was also positive even though 
in single digit, about 8% to 9%. And the value growth you have seen more has come also 
because of the product mix. So, that has really helped us. While this growth has come from 
different, different businesses which we have, what has helped the growth in Hi-Tech division 
also is the growth in the solar pump business which we achieved during this quarter. So, I 
would say that was quite helpful.  
 
PVC pipe kind of became equal to the same period despite the lower revenue prices. PE pipe 
we had significant growth. So, that is the product line-wise. So, all in all, I think as we look 
forward to apart from what had happened in last quarter, what is happening in the current 
quarter, next quarter, we expect continued strong revenue growth going forward. And we 
should be able to meet the number we had about more than, I think we have talked about more 
than 15% overall revenue growth for the company.  
 
For first nine months, including December quarter, revenue growth for the company is about 
13.5%. And in the current quarter, we will definitely grow more than 15%. So, we think we 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
should then average it out around 15% growth for the whole year as was projected and 
discussed by us earlier in terms of what is our goal.  
 
In terms of when we look at beyond the business in terms of the profitability and earnings, I 
think EBITDA this year is slightly lower than the last year same period, and it is 
approximately, I think, 10.5% as against 12.9% same period last year, but in absolute amount, 
it is lower by 4% from Rs. 175 crores to about Rs. 168 crores, small amount.  
 
Within that, I think in Hi-Tech division, EBITDA was higher than the same period last year. 
Reduction was in plastic business, which I talked about. The resin prices were low and the 
prices came down, so it impacted the inventory as prices came down during the quarter.  
 
And in Agro Processing, there was a seasonality issue that usually we have certain amount of 
production of the, for example, dried onions and bananas, etc., but availability due to the 
erratic weather was very limited. So, we couldn't produce much of either onions or bananas in 
terms of processing. So, fixed cost absorption didn't happen. And that is one of the reason the 
earnings were lower in Agro Processing division to 569 cross.  
 
But when I look at for the overall nine-month basis, I think we are quite good on the earning. 
While revenues have grown 13.5%, the EBITDA for the nine-month has grown by 15% from 
Rs. 493 crore to Rs. 569 crores. So, I think we are staying good on a nine-month basis to our 
overall revenue growth of 15% plus for the target for the whole year and EBITDA to be higher 
than 15% growth. EBITDA is already at 15% for the first nine months and fourth quarter being 
a stronger quarter, we should be able to do better overall in revenue and earnings with better 
absorption of fixed cost, better product mix, more profitable products being sold in the quarter.  
 
Already one month is over in the current quarter. The signs are, as we see, overall quarter 
looks good. It may not be as robust as we anticipated because continued seasonality issues, but 
definitely in line with our estimate in terms of budget because we have been working on that if 
this doesn't happen, what else could happen? So, with those plan A, plan B in place, we think 
we will meet our original numbers as we move along.  
 
Now when we talk about this during this quarter in terms of overall business, during this 
particular quarter, our inventory has come down at standalone India level almost by Rs. 100 
crores. So, that has helped in terms of at the cash flow level by improving working capital.  
 
Overall, in terms of the debt, debt is almost I think similar level than last quarter. It has not 
changed much in totality, even though if you look at working capital cycle in terms of days 
sales outstanding, it has improved. So, let’s say, last year, our net working capital cycle was 
196 days and it has come down to 181 days. So, there is an improvement of 15 days which is 
quite good. Even compared to September, which was about 200 days net working capital 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
cycle, it is down to 181 days, primarily driven by, I think, better level of inventory and even in 
terms of receivables compared to September, we are in a better level scenario.  
 
So, good revenue growth in line. Earnings while this particular quarter were somewhat 
compromised due to lack of production in certain businesses, but I think for the whole year, we 
should be on our target. Companies having positive cash flow from the operations post 
working capital changes, as has been over last I think 8 quarters or so, and that is allowing us 
to make necessary investment where required as well as the service debt.  
 
In apart from our traditional business, normal business during this quarter, we have also 
invested in our food processing subsidiary for the beverage lines which we talked about which 
we have been working on last 2 quarters. That will go into commercial production as we speak 
already in the current month, and Phase-2 should come up in the later part of the year by the 
end of this calendar year. So, that is moving on in line with the overall project implementation 
plan and that should add substantial revenue in Food division, our food processing subsidiary 
next year and thereafter. And that looks quite good the way it is moving forward. 
 
Our business, because it is domestic and export business, both does get impacted by what 
happens around the world. And it is heartening to note that recent signing of the FTAs by 
Government of India with the counterparty EU and as well as U.S., should be helpful to us, 
especially to Europe as and when that gets done, it is still down the road maybe few quarters, 
but some of our exports, for example, dried onion, etc., would get now preferential access with 
almost no duties, while currently we were paying significant amount of duties and that was a 
disadvantage compared to our competition from places like Egypt in that particular business. 
And even the currently announced U.S. deal would mean lower duties on the plastic sheets 
which we export to USA.  
 
So, all in all, some of the developments over last couple of weeks should be positive for our 
business. And also the resins which we buy are usually priced based on the international raw 
materials. And while up to December resin prices were going down, in January they have gone 
up, right, or two or three times. But rupee appreciating from 90 to 92, closer to 92 to 90 might 
help reduce arrest those increases, which in general would demand in totality.  
 
So, general situation is positive in terms of the geopolitical scenarios. And the company now, I 
think, March quarter as well as June quarter, should show much better results than what we 
already have, even though current results have been quite okay.  
 
So, we continue to remain focused on three or four things. One is, of course, maintaining 
revenue growth, and within the revenue growth, trying to capture more and more of the retail 
market, improving our market share into existing areas like western and southern India, but at 
the same time opening up newer markets or doing additional business into north and north-east 
zones where we have been traditionally not present. We think next year exports also should 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
come back quite strongly, and exports we are doing very well for last 2 years. They were one 
of the 30%-40% growth they were providing us.  
 
In terms of underlying trends, we expect that with the good rains, even though they were 
extended and created a demand problem in Q3, this should be good for the drip irrigation 
business in this and next quarter. And as farmers make more money, that should generally help 
going forward.  
 
In terms of the resin prices which were going down, now have stabilized or started inching up. 
That should help the revenue growth into the piping segment which we talked about, and that 
should also do well.  
 
In terms of food processing business, I think demand for underlying products, like dried onions 
or the fruit pulp remains good for us, and startup starting commercial production of the 
beverage unit will start filling revenues across. Some revenues will come in February and 
March, but real big impact one will start feeling only in the next fiscal year.  
 
Overall, company has done reasonably well considering all the circumstances, and I think we 
would always urge everybody to look at our annual results rather than individual quarterly 
results which does get impacted quite a lot by so many seasonality factors being agriculture 
oriented businesses. But I think for the whole year we should maintain 15% plus revenue 
growth, 15% plus EBITDA growth compared to the same period last year. And '27, I think, 
and we will talk more about '27 when we talk about the March results.  
 
But internally, we are working to be more ambitious and while current year our targets have 
been around 15% plus, next year, the idea would be closer to 18% to 20% rather than 15% to 
17% in terms of revenue and earning growth. That is what we are committed to. That is what 
we are working to, and we are looking forward to continued momentum.  
 
I think, overall, India is in good position, and across our ecosystems we find things are 
positive. So, that is what we are looking for, and I would like to thank you for listening 
patiently to this update on overall company’s businesses and different, different segments. And 
we would now happy to take questions, if any. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
comes from the line of Praneeth, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Praneeth: 
So, my first question is regarding the taking the Food division public. Could you give us some 
update on what is happening with filing the RHP and what is the process? And could you also 
give some insight into the structures of the JVs for the Bottling division and the Tomato Puree 
division? Because we have not received any update regarding that.  

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Anil Jain: 
So, second question first on the food processing side. The bottling beverage unit which we 
have is a part of the main company, Jain Farm Fresh, which is there. So, it is inside the main 
company. There is no particular JV there. It is more of a collaborative approach with a contract 
manufacturing with our partner.  
 
The tomato processing JV, we have recently signed. It would be a 51%-49% JV with a 
Japanese company. And we are in process of setting up what needs to be done. But the actual 
revenue will start coming only from next January, January '27. There together we are acquiring 
in that JV one of the existing units, and we are going to expand it in all of that, and that would 
give us as one single crop, mostly tomato. And idea eventually in Phase-2 is to do also value-
added products in that JV. 
 
In terms of your first question related to the public IPO of the food business, I think we were 
working with the investment bankers about the likely approach to the market. And I think, 
when we talk sometimes in March, post March results, we should be able to give you ample 
clarity in terms of precise how exactly it is moving forward.  
 
But we are moving in that direction, that the business needs to get that process done for, one, 
value monetization, but also to get the growth capital. And we are in touch, as I said, with the 
investment bankers to what is the best way to go about it, and we are in consultation with our 
private equity shareholder. We would be able to take a final call during this month and next 
month, and we can talk a little bit more early next year. 
Praneeth: 
And coming to the Plastic division, I understand we had a substantial degrowth in EBITDA. 
So, could you tell me how much was a result of an inventory loss versus lack of capacity 
utilization? Could you give some more idea why exactly degrowth happened in EBITDA 
terms?  
Anil Jain: 
So, I think when you look at EBITDA terms, and absolute amount, right, the EBITDA last year 
in 3rd Quarter was Rs. 42 crores. This year it came down to at Rs. 33 crore. So, loss of about 
20% in absolute amounts and percentage-wise it came down from 10.8% to 7.2% in this 
particular quarter. And about half of that I will attribute towards loss of inventory and half of 
that with less volume growth which should have taken place because season it will start, but up 
to November it was raining. So, season did not really start.  
 
But at the same time, I want to bring to your attention that if you look at the overall 9 months, I 
think EBITDA of Plastic division has come down by only about Rs. 15 crores from as against 
Rs. 148 crores to Rs. 133 crores, and margin as against 10.9% to 9.4%. So, I think in the 
current quarter, with the higher level of growth where we already started seeing demand and 
better margins as prices have started going up. We think what you have seen this negativity in 
the current quarter, will be more than made up. And for the whole year, I think we should have 
more earnings than the year before and more revenue growth than the year before. 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Praneeth: 
And regarding the working capital days, I understand you had a great improvement because of 
growing retail business and everything. Could you also give a perspective on what is 
happening with the receivable side of it in terms of the projects each state-wise? And you also 
mentioned that solar also has driven a lot of the growth. And despite that, we have reduced the 
working capital. Could you explain what is happening in terms of the receivable cycle of solar 
business separately and the government receivables both?  
Anil Jain: 
Yes. So, I think when you look at overall government receivables and solar, solar, as you 
know, that we have recently started doing again, right? In between for two, three years, we 
have not done the solar agri pump business, but we have started doing that now. And in terms 
of the project, overall net receivables, it is the amount of the revenue which we have and 
versus which we have. So, overall receivables if you look at consol level have almost remained 
at the same level compared to earlier, while in individual divisions, things have changed.  
 
Structurally speaking, I think this is better, right? You saw that on DSO basis, we improved 
15-20 days compared to the earlier period which is quite positive. And that is partially coming 
from one higher sales of retail because that they have a much lower footprint of working 
capital. So, that helps in the overall.  
 
And in projects and government, it is the steady state, right? I think we still need to recover a 
lot large amounts from Karnataka, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan, four states in 
terms of the projects and everywhere funds are coming, right? It is not that everything is 
blocked, but the pace is not what we would like it to be.  
 
But internally, as we are completing all the last milestone of this project, I think over next one 
year or so, current outstanding which are on the books significantly should come down. I 
mean, in current quarter, fourth quarter, I think we are expecting a lot reduction to the tune of 
about Rs. 125 crores or so from government projects alone on net basis. So, we will have some 
billing, but on net basis, we should reduce this Rs. 125 crores. But next fiscal year, I think the 
reduction should be close to Rs. 350 crores to Rs. 400 crores due to the government projects. 
Praneeth: 
So, I understand retail...  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, Praneeth. Please rejoin the queue for more questions as there are 
participants waiting in the queue. Our next question comes from the line of Ankit Bansal from 
AB Investments. Please go ahead.  
Ankit Bansal: 
Sir, is your net profit loss, any, what is the reason, sir?  
Anil Jain: 
Two issues, primary. You know this new Labor Code, which has come. So, we had to take one 
book entry for almost Rs. 23 crores. That is one reason. And one of our earlier close subsidiary 
in Europe got liquidated. So, there was a goodwill write-off. So, both are non-cash items.  

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Together between both of them, there was about reduction of Rs. 38 crores. So, that is where 
actually on a PAT basis you see negative, but if I really see adjusted PAT, I think, if you 
remove these two events, which are non-cash and not linked to this quarter, these would be 
overall adjusted PAT is profitable this quarter to the tune of about Rs. 16 crore and for the 9 
months Rs. 81 crores.  
Ankit Bansal: 
Sir, next question will be, sir, how is the low inflation affecting your business? Like, with high 
inflation, what is the difference? Can you please, sir, help us understand?  
Anil Jain: 
So, I think, overall in pricing in our irrigation business has been very stable. Tissue culture 
business pricing has been stable. And those businesses have done well. They are earning 17%-
18% EBITDA. So, that is all going good. Revenue is also growing very nicely. The plastic 
business, which is mostly piping in India, that suffered due to significant reduction in the raw 
material prices between, let’s say, July, August through December. So, whatever inventory we 
had also got impacted.  
 
It is same for the entire industry. And now those price erosion has stopped and prices have 
started going up in the current quarter. So, that should help going forward. And due to, I 
discussed that the whole piping overall, I think, again, there was a slowdown because of 
continued rains in agriculture market. And now that rains have stopped and so on, demand has 
started growing. So, better actual volume demand, better capacity utilization, and improving 
raw material prices together should improve the results of the Plastic Piping division, which 
was soft in first 9 months.  
Ankit Bansal: 
Sir, micro irrigation… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Bansal. Can you please rejoin the queue for more questions? Our 
next question comes from the line of Ronak Osthwal from Arihant Capital Markets Limited. 
Please go ahead.  
Ronak Osthwal: 
Sir, what would be your EBITDA margins going ahead?  
Anil Jain: 
I think our EBITDA margin for first nine months, average consol across all product lines is at 
12.4. Current quarter and typically fourth quarter has much higher level of EBITDA margin 
because again, better products and better fixed costs absorption. So, overall, I think, we are 
targeting for the current year EBITDA margin should be 13% plus for the whole year.  
Ronak Osthwal: 
And for FY '27? Sir, for next financial year, what would be the margin?  
Anil Jain: 
I think the idea would be to improve the margin next year from 13. The idea was that as we, I 
talked about, right, that this year revenue is growing 15%, and next year we would like to grow 
18% plus. So, as we move that to 18% growth in revenue, I think the earnings from 13% 
should move at least to 14% or 14.5%. 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Ronak Osthwal: 
And, sir, what is the current status of Jal Jeevan Mission? Like, are we waiting to see any 
disbursement from government side?  
Anil Jain: 
Yes. So, I think, yes, current quarter, I think we should get overall about Rs. 150 crore plus for 
the government projects from the government, on net basis about Rs. 125 crore. But next year 
especially, right we expect significant jump, about Rs. 350 crores to Rs. 400 crores to come 
through. 
Ronak Osthwal: 
And sir, what would be our percentage of revenue from government business?  
Anil Jain: 
That is keep going down. I think, let’s say, current year, out of overall, when we think of 
overall business of the company, Rs. 6,500-7,000 crore, already the government project 
business this year itself would be only about 3%-3.5%. So, next year maybe it is, when you 
look at the whole company, the government would be may be less than 1% or so. So, it is not 
much. It is coming out of the legacy. Earlier this used to be 15%-20%, right? But we have 
consciously brought it down and increased the retail business. So, now it is not significant. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ravi Kumar from Varga Investments. Please go ahead.  
Ravi Kumar: 
Mr. Jain, the question is relating to Jain Farm Fresh. I know you answered, but there was a 
disturbance. So, I could not, I mean, I think most of us could not get it. The nature of the 
bottling, what we are doing, right? I think if you can give a little color to it, are we doing our 
own product’s bottling? And how many lines will be there by, say, March 31st? And a little bit 
more color, will this, are we just doing for our fruit juices? Or if you can give a little bit more 
color to that, it would be great.  
Anil Jain: 
I think that is a good question. So, by this March, I think, we will have full two lines operating, 
and these are large lines, right? They are in size of about 600 plus bottles per minute type of 
capacity lines. But full benefit we will get only next fiscal year because the first line is starting 
as we speak now and second line should start in next few weeks. These lines are capable of 
filling various types of beverages. And that means it could be cola, it could be energy drink, it 
could be juices, or a combination of such. That is the second part.  
 
So, I was saying that we would be, this is in a model where we would be giving the full 
revenue in terms of we will be charging full revenue to the customers buying materials frm 
them. And as a manufacturing, we expect this to be profitable from day one kind of business. 
In addition, we should get some kind of government benefits because this is a kind of a large-
scale project in terms of overall investment, which we are still working on with the 
government.  
 
So, I think sometimes in next time we speak, right, by then the government benefits would also 
be in place. We should be able to talk a little bit more in terms of detail, but business is 
starting. And this is Phase 1. We have understanding that sometimes over next one year, there 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
would be additional three more lines, which will be there. So, that would further increase the 
business. So, in between, and in those three lines, there would be ability also to do dairy if 
required. So, it would be all beverages, all non-alcoholic beverages we would be able to fill in 
across these lines.  
Ravi Kumar: 
So, these are not our brands. We are bottling from someone else.  
Anil Jain: 
Yes.  
Ravi Kumar: 
My second question is relating to the, I mean, I saw a news article regarding the biochar 
project, right? I mean, how much gung-ho is Jain Irrigation or it is just one of the things like 
solar and other? Is it a revenue line which we can expect or materially it doesn't impact?  
Anil Jain: 
It doesn't materially impact. It is at a conceptual stage now. I think, by the time it gets done, it 
would be somewhere down the line after a period of time. It won't have any revenue impact for 
FY '27. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sumit Kumar from Magat Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Sumit Kumar: 
As per investor presentation, it is mentioned that long-term debt repaid during the period is 
offset by financing for the beverage project in food subsidiary, right? So, how long debt has 
been taken for the new project? And how much debt has been repaid in this quarter?  
Anil Jain: 
So, in fact, in the same presentation, investor presentation, you see that out of the term loan at 
Jain Irrigation level, which were right now outstanding is only Rs. 60 crores. So, that should 
get paid in the current year.  
Sumit Kumar: 
Rs. 85 crores.  
Anil Jain: 
Approximately is Rs. 60 crores or so. Some of the additional debt which we have taken in long 
term in food subsidiary for the beverage project was approximately Rs. 110 crores and that is 
the kind of a 10-year term loan, 10 or 12 year. So, it gets repaid over a very long period of 
time. And there was some change in our overseas plastic business in terms of different location 
due to the local regulatory law and zoning laws, and that is why we had to take some 
additional debt there.  
 
But on overall, if you see the debt outstanding at 60-62 which we have in long term, that has 
not changed much from the earlier period. And in fact, in current quarter, there would be 
further reduction of the term debt. And all in all, if I look at the balance sheet and the debt 
story, company would continue to maintain working capital, but term debt except the part 
which is linked to substantial growth, for example, in food business into this beverage unit and 
so on, include traditional businesses, irrigation, the plastic pipes, or tissue culture, the business 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
is generating enough cash flow to provide for maintenance CAPEX, growth various plus 
servicing of the debt.  
Sumit Kumar: 
But the debt is not getting reduced quarter-on-quarter. And in the Financial Year '27, there is 
outstanding which has to be paid. It is Rs. 993 crores. So, how do you project, how do you see 
that such huge amount of debt would be repaid? Because the old legacy receivables are also 
not coming. And is it that the company is planning for some additional loan or some 
liquidation of assets?  
Anil Jain: 
I think overall as per our underlying business plan and the budget for the next year, we should 
generate enough internal accruals to pay for the repayment of the debt, especially in the Jain 
Irrigation, the debt which is about Rs. 688 crores which is falling due in second half of the next 
year. It is not immediately. It is due in second half.  
 
Over last 3-3.5 years since our restructuring, company has repaid more than Rs. 1,300 crore of 
debt. So, while this particular year you don’t see reduction in the debt, but we have repaid 
about Rs. 1,300 crores to the banks. And most of that money came through internal accruals in 
terms of positive cash flow generation. So, we think for the coming year as well, as per for FY 
'27 internal budget, we should have adequate cash flow to repay most of it.  
 
Now some of the, which is not linked to restructuring, some other debt may get refinanced 
because we are also investing into the new equipment or new capacities for the beverage 
project. But all in all, I think company should generate enough cash flows internal accruals to 
honor the debt and which we have done over last, again, 3.5 years, 4 years almost.  
Sumit Kumar: 
Sir, by which time, we would be positive PAT? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Kumar. Can you please rejoin the queue for more questions?  
Sumit Kumar: 
Just a follow-up question, ma’am. Sir, by which time, we… 
Moderator: 
The line for the current participant seems to be disconnected. The next question is from the 
line of Parag Khare from ELX Consultants. Please go ahead.  
Parag Khare: 
Sir, as you mentioned, Rs. 688 crores due unsustainable debt next year. So, I think out of the 
Rs. 200 crores or maybe somewhere close to that is due in September and I think remaining in 
March '27. So, as we start unwinding this unsustainable debt, so whatever this Rs. 17 crores or 
Rs. 19 crores every quarter which we are paying, which is notional, not as an outgo, how 
would that affect the P&L? Would it be coming back? Would that the reversal will happen on 
that?  
Anil Jain: 
No, on this, if you refer to this investor presentation, there is this impact of a fee, right? So, 
what happens is when you pay the debt, there is a certain impact which is coming on to the 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
P&L which is there, which adds, last time was Rs. 169 crores as of March '25, but by 
December what is left is only Rs. 105 crores. So, as we pay off this debt, it goes down 
substantially. What is left by March '27 would be a very nominal amount for the Rs. 140 crores 
of debt which remains to be paid in FY '28.  
Parag Khare: 
And as per the credit rating agency document, I think we have realized almost Rs. 450 crores 
in our escrow account. So, the shortfall is still around Rs. 250 crores. So, do we have any 
fallback plan or a plan B ready in case if we don't get the receivables from government, maybe 
some early monetization of some land parcels which we have? Anything of that on the table?  
Anil Jain: 
Yes, so two things. One, we have already prepaid whatever we had recovered, that has been 
prepaid to the banks because originally, this unsustainable amount was Rs. 1,300 crores. So, 
about Rs. 500 odd crores have been fully paid to the banks, and this is remaining. Second, in 
terms of plan B, as you said, I think our budget is showing us that there should be surplus next 
year after payment of the about Rs. 200 crores to Rs. 300 crores. That is one.  
 
Second, about the land parcel, so we have some land in southern India which we are already 
working along with the banks to get additional funds in place. So, all in all, we feel fairly 
comfortable because, as I said, in last 3 years, right, 3-3.5 years, we have repaid Rs. 1,300 
crores.  
 
So, this year is a little bit more, but should be okay because lot of projects we have now 
completed, what you call, the projects, right, the last milestone has been completed. And in last 
3 years every quarter we had repayments of these term loans and FITLs etc., and they are all 
getting extinguished by March. So, that should also be cash flow available going forward. So, 
next year cash flows, right, to honor the debt. As we have now completed the last milestones 
on various projects or literally, we have some projects are 95%, 96% done, we should start 
getting those funds the next year plus whatever surplus we will generate from the rest of the 
business. So, we feel fairly comfortable that this would get done. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Parag. You can rejoin the queue if you have more questions. Our next question is 
from the line of Sidhant from Sanshi Fund. Please go ahead.  
Sidhant: 
So, just wanted to understand this. You mentioned 15% growth for the entire year and we have 
grown 13% in nine months. So, what growth are you envisaging for Quarter 4?  
Anil Jain: 
I think the fourth quarter will have to be about 18% to 20% overall revenue growth for us to 
average out around 15% for the whole year.  
Sidhant: 
Sorry, you are saying?  
Anil Jain: 
Our internal target for the 4th Quarter is about 20% growth, which should mean for the whole 
year will be about 15%. 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Sidhant: 
And considering Jan is done, are we on path to achieve that?  
Anil Jain: 
Yes. So, even in the 3rd quarter, we grew 17.5%, right, even though average for the 9 months 
came down to 13.5%, So, it is doable.  
Sidhant: 
Yes, basically second half is stronger for us.  
Anil Jain: 
Yes. Always it has been historical.  
Sidhant: 
And in terms of the tariff change and all of that, do we have any clarity from your U.S. 
customers?  
Anil Jain: 
I think some of these events are just last 48 hours, right? So, I think, one will have to wait. And 
to be honest, we have still not seen any document from the U.S. government. So, when they 
apply duties etc., they were custom notifications which clearly notified how much duty is 
being laid and so on. So, nothing has come out in yesterday. So, I think we have to wait, 
maybe give couple of more days for that to happen. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Girish Pandit from Latin Madanlal Securities. Please 
go ahead.  
Girish Pandit: 
Can you please give me some idea on the fundraising plan? What are the latest updates of the 
September 2025, the QIP of Rs. 500 crores?  
Anil Jain: 
I think while we took the approval from the shareholders to that particular resolution stays 
valid for one year. So, we have not acted upon that resolution as of now because I think where 
we are in overall cycle of business, business is doing well, right? Even without that additional 
infusion, we could raise, we could do this quarter 17% growth in revenue, and current quarter 
we are planning 20%. And we feel positive momentum in the underlying business. So, I think 
we might wait for some more time to go ahead and implement on that resolution.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question for today. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to management for closing comments.  
Anil Jain: 
Thank you for good set of questions from all investors, participants in the market. Overall, as I 
said, the momentum is good. We had a really very good quarter in terms of revenue growth 
despite various challenges which have continued. This quarter and next quarter, they look quite 
good.  
 
I think with the new FTA signed, globally speaking because we are a global business, that 
should help us in Europe as well as U.S. going forward. Because there was a lot of rain, 
farmers have good amount of water levels. So, that should be good for drip irrigation business. 
In PVC piping business, the resin prices which were kept going down, which impacted 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
inventory and the volume both, have started coming up over last 3 weeks. So, that should help 
going forward.  
 
So, all in all, I think we are looking forward to a good current quarter. We should meet our 
annual forecasted numbers in terms of revenue and EBITDA, but next year looks quite good. 
And beyond the current operating businesses, next year would add good revenue from new 
projects, like this beverage unit which we have established for contract manufacturing. And 
overall underlying, we feel very positive that structurally company is moving in a quite good 
way.  
 
And in terms of the government project receivable etc., we are also expecting a very strong 
outcomes over next few quarters to take care of the debt, the repayments which are falling due 
next year. But I think we feel very comfortable. There are lots of options out there for us to 
work upon to ensure that that happens. But the underlying business itself, because most of this 
is falling due in the second half of the year, we would have by then generated enough internal 
accruals to take care of that debt.  
 
And at the same time, we are also financing growth in each business, for example, our tissue 
culture business, we are seeing opportunity to double our capacities. We talked about food 
processing, already two new projects, which we have done. Piping, the demand is coming 
back.  
 
So, all in all, this looks good. The revenue and the EBITDA and ultimately by next year, once 
we pay out this debt, even net earning level things will start becoming better. And even now 
when we talk of the PAT, right, there is this adjusted PAT because some of these non-cash 
interest which is linked to these NCDs keep adding.  
 
For example, for first 9 months, it is already about Rs. 50 crores, Rs. 60 crores. Otherwise, that 
should get added to our normalized PAT level. So, overall, company will remain profitable for 
the year, growing nicely and setting a platform for explosive growth from '27-'28 onwards. 
Thank you, again.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Jain Irrigation Systems, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
