 
 
 
 
 
February 3, 2026 
 
BSE Limited  
Scrip Code: 543287 
Debt Segment – 976262, 976764, 976895, 976923, 977163, 977293 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Debt Segment 
Trading Symbol: LODHA 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Q3FY26 - Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Ref: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended (‘Listing Regulations’) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Company’s Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on January 29, 2026. The transcript is also being 
uploaded on the Company’s website i.e. www.lodhagroup.com under the Investor Relations section. 
 
Kindly take the above information on your record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Lodha Developers Limited    
(Formerly known as Macrotech Developers Limited)                  
 
 
 
 
Sanjyot Rangnekar   
 
 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer                       
Membership No. F4154 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
SANJYOT 
NILESH 
RANGNEKAR
Digitally signed by 
SANJYOT NILESH 
RANGNEKAR 
Date: 2026.02.03 
17:48:31 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
“Lodha Developers Limited  
Q3 FY 2026 Post Results Conference Call” 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Abhishek Lodha: Managing Director and Chief Executive  
 
Officer – Lodha Developers Limited 
 
 
 
Mr. Sushil Kumar Modi: Executive Director, Finance – Lodha 
Developers Limited 
 
 
 
Mr. Sanjay Chauhan: Chief Financial Officer – Lodha Developers 
Limited 
 
 
Mr. Shaishav Dharia: Whole time director and  
 
Chief Executive Officer - Extended Eastern Suburbs, Thane & Annuity 
Assets – Lodha Developers Limited 
 
 
Mr. Chintan Parikh – Co-Head of Investor Relations – Lodha 
Developers Limited 
 
Mr. Aayush Raghuvanshi – Co-Head of Investor Relations – Lodha 
Developers Limited 
 
 
 
 

 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and welcome to the Lodha Developers 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Chintan Parikh, Co-Head of Investor 
Relations, for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
Chintan Parikh: 
Thank you, Ryan, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Lodha 
Developers Q3 FY '26 Conference Call. Today, we have with us Mr. Abhishek 
Lodha, MD and CEO; Mr. Sushil Kumar Modi, Executive Director, Finance; Mr. 
Sanjay Chauhan, CFO; and Mr. Shaishav Dharia, Whole-Time Director and 
CEO for Extended Eastern Suburbs, Thane, and Annuity Assets. 
 
Now I would like to invite Abhishek to make his opening remarks. Over to you, 
Abhishek. 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Thank you, Chintan. Good afternoon, everyone. Wishing all of you a very 
Happy New Year. Thank you for joining us today. Before I get into company-
specific overview, a quick context of where we are in terms of the Indian 
economy and the industry. 
 
Over the last few months, we've seen a clear focus from the Indian 
Government to improve the economic outlook. Whether it is with the GST cuts 
or many other measures, including the recently signed trade deal with the EU, 
the Indian government is focused on ensuring higher levels of economic 
growth and job creation in our country. 
 
This is an important and positive development, both for the larger economy as 
well as, in particular, the real estate sector. This is reflected, of course, in terms 
of the GDP growth numbers that we've seen from India in the course of the last 
few quarters and also the outlook that various important institutions are 
suggesting for India's GDP growth going forward. 
 
A modest area of concern is the fact that inflation is quite low, and therefore, 
nominal GDP growth has been much lower than in previous years. However, 
we believe that as the overall economic momentum picks up, demand 
impulses will also strengthen in the economy and inflation will find a reasonable 
level going forward. 

 
 
We look forward to the union budget, which will happen this weekend, and are 
hopeful that there will be further impetus given to India's growth journey. In 
context of the housing market in India, we continue to see, in the markets that 
we are predominantly operating in, i.e., Mumbai, Pune and Bangalore, that the 
demand from end users for good quality product from the top brand continues 
to remain robust. 
 
We see that the economic activity in terms of job creation as well as likely wage 
growth for the upcoming fiscal year is also likely to remain quite strong.  
Overall, while there are some challenges of being in the fifth year of a growth 
spurt in the real estate market, we find that the overall outlook continues to 
remain constructive. 
 
Now coming to the highlights of the quarter from the company's perspective. 
We achieved our best ever quarterly presales performance in this quarter with 
INR 56 billion, growing more than 25% year-on-year. With this, our 9-month 
pre-sales stands at about INR 146 billion, which is 70% of our full year 
guidance, and we remain on track to deliver our presales guidance of INR 210 
billion for the year. 
 
It is important to highlight that this is the first time that the company has crossed 
INR 50 billion in quarterly pre-sales and also highlight that the performance in 
Q1, Q2 and Q3 has been the best ever for those respective quarters, and that 
shows the underlying strength of the brand as well as of the markets that we 
are operating in. 
 
The embedded EBITDA margin for the quarter was approximately 32%. This 
has been achieved in spite of very modest contribution from land sales in this 
quarter, which reflects the strong underlying profitability of the business. 
 
So far, for the 9 months of the fiscal year, we've delivered 4% price growth on 
a YTD basis, and we are on track to deliver the 5% to 6% price growth for the 
full year, which is in line with our strategy to have disciplined price growth below 
wage growth and to keep making sure that affordability is strong and getting 
better. 
 
Based on the embedded EBITDA margin, our pro forma PAT for the quarter is 
approximately INR 12 billion, and that implies a PAT margin of approximately 
21% and an ROE of approximately 20% on a TTM basis, very much in line with 
our medium-term outlook of approximately 20% ROE. 

 
 
I would like to highlight that this quarter, we added about INR 340 billion worth 
of GDV through business development of new projects, including 2 projects in 
our pilot phase in NCR. With this, we are approximately reaching almost 
INR600 billion of GDV added this year, and that gives us significant long-term 
visibility of growth. 
 
Our overall pipeline of projects which we can develop in the next 5 years is 
now approaching more than INR 2 lakh crores and this is in addition to the 
significant land bank that would be developed post 5 years in Palava and 
Upper Thane. 
 
This gives us not just visibility of where growth will come from and the fact that 
the growth is visible across the different markets, but it also gives us the ability 
to significantly improve our cash generation over the next few years, because 
the incremental land investment that we may need to do may be much more 
modest. 
 
Our performance in this business development suggests and underscores the 
ongoing consolidation within the sector, not just on the demand side, but also 
on the supply side, especially in terms of joint development. Landowners today 
are far more discerning in their choice of partners, prioritizing transparency, 
integrity, execution capability and speed of monetization. 
 
In spite of this very significant investment in business development land, our 
net debt stood at about INR 61.7 billion, which is 0.28x equity, well below our 
ceiling of 0.5x. Our average cost of funds for the quarter stood at approximately 
7.9%, down 10 bps for the quarter. 
 
For this quarter, I'd also like to reflect on our expansion into the NCR, the 
National Capital Region of Delhi, Gurgaon, Noida and surrounding areas. As 
we've noted in the past, our entry into any new market follows a 2-step process. 
 
The first stage being the pilot stage, wherein we focus on starting a limited 
number of projects ideally on a capital-light joint development model, learning 
about the marketplace, building a strong independent team on the ground and 
showcasing the product differentiation and service differentiation that are the 
hallmarks of the Lodha way of real estate. 
 
Once we are able to do this and establish that the market is right for us, both 
from a brand as well as a profitability perspective, we can then scale up in what 
we call growth phase. We saw this in Bangalore over the last 3 years, wherein 
we were in pilot phase for approximately 2.5 years. 

 
 
And now in the first year of growth phase, we expect that full year sales from 
Bangalore will be in excess of INR 25 billion, and that showcases how scale-
up can happen pretty quickly in a new market once we lay the initial grounds 
in the pilot phase. 
 
Since the pilot phase in Bangalore has been completed and now, we are in 
growth phase, we are now starting the pilot phase in NCR. We have signed up 
2 locations with a total GDV of about INR 33 billion, and we expect to start the 
sales of this project over the next 12 months. With this, we are able to reach 
about 80% of the home sales by value by being in the 4 markets of the Mumbai 
Metropolitan region, Bangalore, Pune and NCR. 
 
As we scale up and the business continues to perform well, we equally 
continue to remain focused on the Do-Good part of our Do Good, Do Well 
philosophy. We, in this quarter, made a number of contributions in further 
giving back to society through the Lodha Foundation. We have intensified our 
decarbonization efforts across the board, including materials, energy and 
design.  
We hosted in this quarter a steel decarbonization convening in collaboration 
with RMI India and BMTPC to mobilize a buyer's coalition and assess market 
readiness for low-carbon steel. In parallel, we launched a pilot program to 
evaluate battery energy storage systems aimed at maximizing the efficiency 
and reliability of our renewable energy power supply. 
 
We published a comparative study on embodied carbon across building 
heights, establishing a critical benchmark to inform low-carbon choices in the 
Indian real estate sector. This quarter, we were once again ranked amongst 
the top 100 Great Places to Work in the nation with more than 2,000 companies 
participating, and this was the highest ranking amongst the real estate 
companies. 
 
Under our Lodha Genius initiative, we launched a new collaboration with IISER 
in Pune, which again focuses on identifying strong talent, especially around 
STEM, and grooming them to achieve their fullest potential. For 75 slots, there 
were more than 2,000 applicants, which showcases the desirability of this 
program that has been built up over the last 3 years. 
 
 
 
 

 
Through our Unnati Program, we continue to partner with the most needy 
families across the communities that we operate in, and more than 2,000 
families currently receive support under the Unnati Program to improve their 
livelihood. 
 
The Lodha Mathematical and Sciences Institute successfully concluded its 
inaugural thematic program with more than 50 researchers from across the 
world. The program was led by Fields Medalist, Dr. Manjul Bhargava, and the 
institute is led by Dr. Kumar Murty, who was formerly the Director of the Fields 
Institute. 
 
Finally, we now manage over 60 million square feet of green certified buildings 
and have renewable PPAs exceeding 10 megawatts. In terms of additional 
performance updates, our collections for the quarter came in at about INR 35.6 
billion, which is down by 17%. This reflects the fact that in the same quarter 
last year, we had significant proceeds from sale of land. 
 
And therefore, we had higher collections in the last quarter. We remain focused 
now to further significantly improve our collections profile, and you are likely to 
see a significant pickup in collections over the next 12 months. In this quarter, 
we launched new projects with estimated GDV of about INR96 billion and have 
a strong launch profile of over INR120 billion of launches for Q4. 
 
I'd like to now highlight about our large landholding, what we call our Extended 
Eastern Suburbs portfolio of the townships at Palava and Upper Thane, which 
represent a key strand of value creation for our organization. The infrastructure 
connectivity at both these locations is now approaching full completion, and 
we expect operationalization for the Palava-Airoli-Mulund Freeway to happen 
in the next 3 to 4 months. 
 
And similarly, the Mumbai-Nashik Highway, which connects Upper Thane, the 
last leg of that will also likely to be operational in the next 4 to 5 months. With 
this, we see a significant upgradation in the connectivity profile of these 
locations. And given the other strengths of the quality of development, social 
infrastructure and various other measures, we expect that the next 12 to 18 
months will see significant uptick in both perception as well as sales in Palava 
and Upper Thane. 
 
The recent inauguration of the Navi Mumbai International Airport will be 
another reason why Palava will further move up in the context of Mumbai's 
most desirable suburbs. The bullet train project, which connects Palava to 

 
BKC, is rapidly progressing, and we expect that the connectivity from BKC to 
Palava, a single stop, will be less than 20 minutes before the end of this decade 
once the bullet train is operational. 
 
In context of these infrastructure upgrades and the large landholding of about 
4,000 acres that we hold in these locations, we have been focusing on the 
residential side on consciously premiumising the location. We have launched 
various projects, including landed villas as well as mid-rises and high-rises, 
which are at a price premium of up to 50% compared to the existing mid-
income locations. 
 
And we expect this upper mid-income and premium segment to contribute 
almost 50% of sales in Palava by the end of the decade compared to about 
20% in fiscal '25, which will both lead to expansion in value, but also expansion 
in the underlying margins. At Palava, we continue to progress in a significant 
manner on building one of India's largest and most significant data center 
parks. 
 
With almost 400 acres of land and about 3 gigawatts of power earmarked for 
it, arrangement and MOU with the government of Maharashtra under its green 
data center policy, which leads to significant benefits for occupiers in this 
location, and given the overall demand growth for high-quality data centers, 
especially in the Mumbai region, which is the financial services hub of the 
country, and also hosts most of the large corporates, we find that demand for 
data centers is growing and accelerating. 
 
We already have 2 anchor customers, Amazon Web Services, AWS, as well 
as STT, which is a Temasek subsidiary, who are progressing work on their 
data centers at this location. We expect that we will have additional colo or 
hyperscaler players sign up for this location in the course of the next 12 to 18 
months. 
 
Additionally, as part of our strategy, we also expect that we will be starting 
construction of build-to-suit boxes for end users and have that to generate 
long-term rental income for our company in the years to come. 
 
In terms of the underlying land value, while the last transaction for the data 
center land happened at about INR 21 crores per acre, we now expect that 
land values will move up in a gradual but consistent manner. And over the next 
3-odd years, we expect the number to be reaching as high as INR 50 crores to 
INR 60 crores per acre.  

 
 
My colleague, Shaishav Dharia, will provide more detailed overview of this 
opportunity later in this call. Before I conclude, I'll just highlight, we have, since 
April 2023, been on the percentage completion methodology of revenue 
recognition, and we expect over the next 12 months that we would have fully 
transitioned to the percentage completion methodology of revenue recognition. 
 
In terms of our performance for this quarter, our revenue from operations came 
in at about INR 46.6 billion, which is a growth of approximately 29% year-on-
year. This excludes any impact of the lumpy land sales which happened in Q3 
of fiscal '25. Our adjusted EBITDA came in at INR 14.9 billion, which is a growth 
of approximately 23%. The adjusted EBITDA was approximately 32% for the 
quarter and the PAT for the quarter was approximately INR 9.5 billion. 
 
In terms of our guidance for the rest of the fiscal, as I mentioned earlier, we 
remain on track to achieve our guidance of approximately INR 210 billion of 
presales for the full year with an embedded EBITDA margin of approximately 
33%, and therefore an ROE on a pro forma basis of approximately 20%. We've 
already met and well exceeded our business development targets for the year. 
 
And therefore, that gives us a lot more bargaining power as we evaluate other 
opportunities, and also gives us the opportunity to further strengthen our 
balance sheet in the next few quarters. And on net debt, we, of course, 
continue to remain very disciplined to remain well below our ceiling of 0.5x net 
debt to equity, and we are hopeful that we will further moderate this ratio in the 
coming few quarters. 
 
With this, I now hand over to my colleague, Shaishav Dharia, Whole-Time 
Director and CEO of our Extended Eastern Suburbs business and the Annuity 
Assets, to speak about the data center opportunity in greater detail. Thank you. 
Shaishav Dharia: 
Thanks, Abhishek. Can everyone hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Shaishav Dharia: 
Yes. So, I think as Abhishek said, this has become a very significant 
opportunity for us. We had started work, as we've described earlier, almost 5 
years ago to where we have reached today, where we earmarked 400 acres 
of land with approvals already in place, and believe based on all the work and 
effort we've been able to put in, we have probably the most reliable 
infrastructure for an AI data center in the country today. 

 
 
Around 3 critical elements: One, land with approvals. Second is the most 
reliable power network. Most locations struggle with power or the quality of 
power. Here, the ability to provide 3 gigawatts of power from 5 different circuits, 
it's probably the only such location in the country, providing significant 
reliability, almost at a Tier 4 DC level, which is the highest in the world. Thirdly, 
a critical element of a data center is how do you get sufficient amount of water 
for the cooling towers, which cannot be potable. 
 
We have advanced progress to secure almost 100 million litres of water from 
a nearby industrial park, which dramatically reduces the cost and improves 
efficiency of cooling for any AI data center. And lastly, more than 5 optic fibre 
routes, which can scale up to potentially 10. So, all of this has made this 
infrastructure of the data center park amongst the most reliable. 
 
Last year, in September, we signed the Green DC Park MoU with the State of 
Maharashtra, which gave us significant benefits. Based on the progress we 
were making and in alignment with the vision of the state, we were comfortable 
to expand it, as Abhishek explained, from INR 30,000 crores to an incremental 
INR 100,000 crores. 
 
So totally INR 130,000 crores between Lodha and all the clients and their own 
equipment within the data center park. But with this, we obviously got 
significant fiscal and monetary benefits that Abhishek talked about. So 
potentially, clients today can see a capex reduction in setting up a data center 
by up to 15%. 
So, if you take what we call a turnkey data center, which is basically a powered 
building with just the cooling towers and the chillers, forget the chips and the 
servers, what globally costs about $8 million to $12 million per megawatt, we 
can probably now in Palava get it down all the way to $6 million. 
 
Secondly, the operating cost, which is primarily driven by electricity, because 
of this MoU and the Green DC policy, we can reduce operating costs by up to 
30% for clients. And more importantly, they can now source 90% of their power 
from green renewable sources. 
 
So, the 2 negatives of a data centers not being environmentally friendly, both 
in water as well as in power, we've taken care of. More importantly, power cost 
can be approximately $0.06 per kilowatt compared to $0.10 to $0.12 per 
kilowatt currently in the U.S. 

 
 
A lot of this was actually after we signed our first 2 clients, Amazon Web 
Services and Singapore Telecom. So of course, because of all of this, we 
started seeing even more significant demand both for, what Abhishek said, 
land, powered land, or a build-to-suit solution, because in many cases clients 
want to accelerate their development. 
 
And we believe getting up to that INR50 crores to INR60 crores per acre over 
the next 3 years is very much possible on the land side, and creating a very 
sizable business through the powered shells on rent can be another significant 
income creator for us. 
 
So let me stop there and see if there are further questions. 
Moderator: 
Sir, should we begin with the Q&A session? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We take the first question from the line of Akash Gupta from Nomura. 
Akash Gupta: 
Congratulations on a great performance. Sir, my question is primarily related 
to your thoughts around the demand in Mumbai. How are you seeing the 
footfalls and conversions right now? And has that view changed from the 
beginning of the year when we were thinking about footfalls and conversions? 
That's my first question. 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Akash, thanks for your question. In terms of where we see the demand 
environment in Mumbai and in terms of footfalls and conversions, let me sort 
of split demand into its 2 component portions, because I think your question is 
related to both, which is supply as well as demand. On the demand side, we 
see footfalls and conversions remaining steady through the course of the last 
few quarters and in line with what we would have expected at the start of the 
year. 
On the reasoning for it, because one hears about the fact that there is, in 
pockets of Mumbai, lots of redevelopment happening and therefore, the fact 
that oversupply could be happening in pockets. I think it really is underlining 
the fact that our sales performance as well as these walk-ins and conversions 
are all driven by the strength of the brand and the execution capability to deliver 
good quality product on time. 

 
 
We believe that while there are pockets of oversupply in Mumbai, the demand 
for the kind of product that we do and the lifestyle standards that we offer is 
really strong. And we expect that this consolidation in the marketplace of the 
better-quality product and the best brands winning out is likely to continue. 
Akash Gupta: 
Okay. So, my second question was on the growth expectation for the next 2 
years. We have done very strong BD of roughly INR 600 billion along with an 
inventory of roughly INR 450 billion. Is it reasonable to expect a similar level of 
growth rate or roughly 20% CAGR over the next 2 years, similar to the past 
year? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Ryan, can you hear the question? At our end, we are seeing the voice 
breaking. 
Moderator: 
Akash, I would request you to please join back the queue as your audio is not 
clear to the management. 
Akash Gupta: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Puneet Gulati from HSBC. 
Puneet Gulati: 
My first question is, if you can talk a bit about how are you thinking about 
potential construction-related issues given that everybody is ramping up 
construction and there is noise around slowness in construction activity. What 
are you doing in terms of technology or any new construction methodologies 
that you're looking to employ? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Puneet, that's an important question and one which we are very much focused 
on. While technologies, the use of not just construction technologies, but also 
digital technologies as well as also use of AI are all kinds of things that one 
does, it really fundamentally goes down to having a base of vendors and 
contractors who are aligned to support your growth plans, because you have 
good strong relationships with them, and their willingness and ability to pay the 
labour force the fair wages. 
 
These are the 2 areas where most of our focus is on and that enables us to 
make sure that we are delivering our projects within the time lines as we have 
specified in our agreement, sometimes with delay of a few months, but always 
very close to the time line stated in the agreement. 
 
 
 

 
So, we measure our success in terms of the percentage of units which are 
delivered within 6 months of our agreement stated time line, and we are able 
to do a very, very high percentage in that time line, which really is the end proof 
of the construction capabilities. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay. That's helpful. And secondly, in your opening comments, you talked 
about increase in collections into the next few quarters. Can you talk a bit about 
what's really changing, which will allow you to increase the pace of collections? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Yes. I think the sales momentum for this year, as you know, has been sort of 
more concentrated in the second half. And as a consequence, the overall 
collections for the full year will be lower than our initial estimate, because 
obviously, the collections follow a cycle from when the sales is done. 
 
I think the combination of the sales step-up this year, but more importantly, the 
significant focus that we put on construction starting from on improving our 
construction efficiency will drive the pickup in sales. In the last 9 to 12 months, 
we had a significant impact from the environmental clearance issues, which 
held up the construction, affecting our collections. 
 
With that issue now having been closed and resolved, we are quite focused on 
making sure that we make up for some of that lost time and therefore, also the 
collections step up as the construction speeds up. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay. That's very helpful. And lastly, on your Palava and Upper Thane, you 
talked about potential 4,000 acres, of which you now want to allocate 400 acres 
for data center. Would it be fair to assume the rest is now for residential? Or 
do you also have plans for warehouses and office space there? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
So Puneet, we have land which is zoned for multiple uses therefore, we 
allocate basis the market's demand and the best value use. Currently, the 2 
best value use are residential, including ancillaries. So residential includes 
things like retail or health care or even office space, which we all sort of see as 
urbanization, which is residential led. And the second significant use case is 
data center. So those are the 2 that we are most focused on. 
 
Other than the warehousing part, which is already under development, we 
don't expect to do more warehousing at this location, just given the underlying 
land values are not supportive of warehousing at this location. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Kunal Tayal from Bank of America. 

 
Kunal Tayal: 
A couple of questions from me. First one, Abhishek, an often-asked question 
these days has been that as you're looking at some cool off in the pace of price 
increase in the sector, but the land values have probably stayed stubborn... 
Moderator: 
Kunal, are you there? 
Kunal Tayal: 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Kunal Tayal: 
Okay. Great. So just to repeat my first question, Abhishek, and this has been 
an often-asked question, we have seen that as the pricing trajectory in the 
sector has faded some bit and land prices have arguably stayed stubborn, 
could the next set of projects that are being signed up have lower profitability 
versus the last 3 years? 
 
So, do you see any growth in that sort of an assumption? And second 
associated question is, is it comfortable to assume that your intended pricing 
strategy of 4 to 5 years should continue into the next few years as well? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Kunal, very important questions regarding the industry's economics. As we've 
often stated, our focus has been on having modest price growth below wage 
growth. And therefore, this 5%, 6%, 7% price growth level, that is a 
deceleration for many other of our peers, is really the price growth that we've 
targeted and have delivered over the last few years. 
In terms of the value and the profitability of land, we, on the contrary, believe 
that given the land business development that we've already done and the very 
disciplined model of underwriting for land that we follow, which is driven by our 
target return metrics, not driven by trying to aggregate GDV or anything like 
that, we actually believe that going forward, the land market will turn more 
favourable to us given our scale, our balance sheet as well as our ability to 
command a premium in the marketplace. 
 
So obviously, as the market was getting sort of good for everybody in '23 and 
'24 and part of '25, you had a lot more competition for land. We maintained our 
discipline. We did what we had to do, but always at the margins that we target. 
And now as some of this froth sort of is let off, we'll probably get more 
opportunity in land. 
 
 
 

 
Having said that, our focus will remain on generating higher cash flow and even 
further strengthening our balance sheet, because we, as I mentioned in my 
remarks, are sitting on very significant available supply, almost INR 2 lakh 
crores of GDV available for us to sell in the next 5 years. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Abhinav Sinha. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Abhishek, first question on business development. We have seen a big spurt 
this year. So how do you plan next year? Or are you looking to moderate the 
pace? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Abhinav, as I alluded in some of my earlier responses, we have front-loaded 
business development, and that will give us the opportunity to be more profit 
focused when we do newer business development. And hopefully, that is 
margin enhancing. The other side of the same coin is, we probably are not 
going to spend as much money on business development in the next 24 
months as we've done in the last 24 months. And therefore, hopefully, we are 
further strengthening our balance sheet over this period. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Okay. Secondly, a question to Shaishav. Shaishav, on the data center side, so 
when you're talking about power shell or turnkey, will you wait for a client 
signing before you start work here, or we are looking to start work immediately? 
And what is the costing going to look like? 
Shaishav Dharia: 
Yes. I think we would basically be looking at discussion with clients because 
ultimately, the specifications are quite specific to a client. So, we would be 
pursuing that route before we start the build-to-suits. 
 
Second is on the costing, again, it's very client dependent. But what's, I think, 
important is, India in general is competitive on the capital side, but with the 
MoU signed and the benefits, the ability is to ensure that the overall cost 
reduction comes down by 15%. 
 
So, as I said, our turnkey today with the benefits can come down to maybe $6 
million per megawatt, which is much lower than what used to be our global 
standards of $8 million to $12 million per megawatt. 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Our model is focused on building the power shells on a BTS basis, and the 
cost for the power shell will approximately be at about INR 3 million per 
megawatt, including the land value. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Okay. That's very helpful. And maybe... 

 
Moderator: 
Abhinav, I would request you to please join back the queue for follow-up 
questions. We take the next question from the line of Murtuza Arsiwala from 
Kotak Mahindra. 
Murtuza Arsiwala: 
Just 2 questions on my side. The base year, which is FY '25, had a lot of land 
sales that also bumped up the collections. We've not seen the same kind of 
traction at least in the 9 months on land sales. Is there anything that could be 
in the offing in the fourth quarter, or maybe this is not the year which you have 
the bumper land sales? 
 
Also on the collections, the drop, is it largely attributable to the base quarter 
having a lot of land sales? Or is there some moderation in execution this 
quarter, because of which maybe milestones were not reached? Anything to 
read on that in that direction? Or it is just we are comparing the year-on-year 
where there was a lot of land collections and this year, there's just not? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Murtuza, in terms of whether we'll have significant land sales in this quarter or 
not, very difficult for us to forecast that. There are ongoing transactions and 
discussions in relation to land sales. But when they will fructify, we'll only know 
when it happens. So maybe this quarter, maybe next quarter, unknown. 
 
In terms of the causes why the Q3 collections are 17% lower on a Y-o-Y basis, 
the land sales component is one significant component of that. And the second 
is what I had mentioned earlier that the environmental clearances for the 
stalled locations only started coming through towards mid-November and 
onwards. 
 
So, restarting construction, remobilizing labour and then getting the 
construction done and raising the demand, that all is a cycle; So, we lost on a 
few locations on account of that. But that's behind us now, so it's fine. 
Murtuza Arsiwala: 
Just as a follow-up, there is a remark in your presentation on the OCF 
guidance. Is there still a chance that you could meet it? Or you think you'd 
probably be more around the INR 70 billion mark as opposed to the INR 77 
billion previously? Could you play catch up in fourth quarter or... 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Murtuza, at this time, we think that it is the INR 70 billion that we are looking 
to. Like I mentioned, some of the delays on account of the environmental 
clearance and some other factors have pushed things out by 4 to 6 months. 
So that has some impact on the OCF generation. So we will probably be at the 
INR 70 billion plus/minus 5% number, not the INR 77 billion. 

 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes, a couple of questions. So first one on how do you read this quarter's 
performance, because most of the sales came from, I would say, a couple of 
projects concentrated in one market, which is not generally how we obviously 
operate. It's more driven by sustenance and regular sales across markets. So 
first one on that. 
 
And second, on the business development side, while we had a good year, but 
again, most of the projects are concentrated in South Central. Was it just a 
conscious effort to build that pipeline? Or we are probably looking directionally 
towards where demand is stronger and hence, focusing on those markets. So, 
your thoughts on that, yes? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Pritesh, in terms of our sales mix, as I've mentioned in previous calls, we look 
at 2 metrics, the sales coming from our non-launch weekly sales and then, of 
course, those coming from launches. Our non-launch weekly sales at about 
INR 3 billion per week were quite consistent throughout the quarter, except for 
the last 10 days, where because of Christmas, things slowed down. 
 
And that was distributed, of course, widely. The launches that we did in this 
quarter were more focused in South Central Mumbai, and therefore, the 
residual value beyond that INR 36 billion, INR 37 billion came largely from the 
launches in South Central Mumbai. 
 
In terms of your question on business development, obviously, we look closely 
at where we find the pockets of demand combined with the margins that we 
target. And that combination influences the transactions that happened. 
 
Obviously, there is some element of what closes in a given quarter in these 
numbers. So, I won't read too much into it. But yes, we are sort of widely 
distributed in terms of our available supply of land and product to construct 
across a large swath of the market. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. And just one last, if you can elaborate this large project that we have 
signed up this quarter, almost INR 20,000 crores, 2 million square feet, INR1 
lakh per square feet kind of a rate on the saleable area. So just you can put 
some thoughts on what the project is about? 
 

 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Yes. So Pritesh, I think there is some misunderstanding in terms of your 
assessment of the value being INR 1 lakh a square foot on saleable. It is over 
the life cycle, INR 1 lakh a square foot on carpet area, not on saleable. And 
the location of that project is at Worli next to 360 and Beaumonde. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. In presentation, it was mentioned 2 million square feet saleable area and 
INR 21,000 crores. No worries, I'll get that clarification separately. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC 
Securities. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Congratulations on a decent quarter. So, my question is, are you seeing any 
signs of elongation in the sales cycle? I mean you did mention that footfalls 
continue to remain consistent. So, any colour on the clients taking some more 
time to decide closure, or the pace continues to remain same? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Parikshit, the answer, I think the same similar question was asked in a different 
mode. So, so far, we've seen that conversion rates, which is really a different 
way of measuring the duration to convert, have remained pretty steady. So, 
we haven't yet seen that there is any downward pressure on that. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. And second one is on the embedded margin. So, we have seen a 
substantial jump in commodity prices of late. So, any colour on your historical 
embedded margins? Do you see any pressure on cost side, which may result 
in margin contraction as these projects come for revenue recognition? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
So far, the increase in commodity prices, and we publish the data pretty 
regularly about the overall construction cost base that we have, the increases 
primarily around copper and silver have very little impact. We have very little 
sensitivity to those 2 categories in our overall construction costs. 
 
Probably less than 1% of our construction cost is exposed to both of those 
elements. So, while the key commodities that sort of our costs are driven by, 
including steel and cement, have been quite reasonable. So, we haven't yet 
seen any reason to worry that our construction cost estimates will overshoot 
what we budgeted. 
 
We, in fact, have significant contingencies in our budget and more often than 
not end up having some of that contingency left over, which is margin positive. 
But at this stage, no, nothing that is causing us to worry about a pressure on 
our budgeted costs. 

 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama. 
Parvez Qazi: 
So, 2 questions from my side. First is, what was the contribution of launches 
to pre-sales this quarter? And secondly, while we are obviously doing well, we 
are on track to meet our sales guidance and delivering healthy sales growth, 
at the industry level, we have seen weakness in volumes over the last year. 
So just wanted to get your thoughts on it and what is the way around it? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
So, thank you for that question. Our contribution from new launches for 9 
months is at about 1/3, about 33%. We tend to be in that range of about 30% 
to 35%. This quarter was higher. But for the 9-month period, it is at around 
33%. 
Parvez Qazi: 
And your thoughts on the volume weakness in the industry? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Sorry, Parvez, I'm not able to follow the question. May I request you to please 
repeat it? 
Parvez Qazi: 
Over the last year, we have seen weakness in sales volume at the industry 
level, I mean, whether we look in terms of number of houses sold or volumes 
in terms of million square feet getting sold. I mean, while we are obviously 
continuing to do well, but I mean, in our main markets of Mumbai and Pune, 
now volumes have been declining for last 2-odd years. So just wanted to get 
your views on it. I mean as an industry, what is the way around it? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Very difficult for me to sort of have a response in terms of what is happening 
and what are the lead causes… I have not studied what the causes of the 
decline in volume at the industry level. For us, volumes are up about 24% in 
square feet terms for the first 9 months. Hence, my sense is that it's the 2 
forces, which I think have been often talked about. 
 
One very clearly is that the market is moving towards the best placed players, 
because consumers who are buying want the assurance of getting a high-
quality product and from the best brands. I think the other side is that at the 
very bottom end of the market, homes below INR 75 lakhs, I think there has 
been a decline in both supply as well as in sales in that sort of entry-level 
affordable housing segment.  
That segment used to be a big driver of volumes, not of value, which is the 
reason why you're seeing that value is continuing to move up, but volumes 
have moderated at an industry level. Because we have consciously sort of 

 
moved away from that segment over the last 2, 3 years, we haven't seen the 
impact of that, but there is definitely moderation in that segment. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Gaurav Khandelwal from JP Morgan. 
Gaurav Khandelwal: 
I just wanted to understand the expenditures on construction this quarter. So, 
we are at INR 8.6 billion of construction spend, which is the lowest in the last 
7 quarters, if I'm not wrong. And my understanding was that some quarters of 
last calendar year, we were stuck with environmental issues, which is behind 
us now. So ideally, construction expenses should have moved up in quarter 
ending December, whereas the number actually came down. So, can I just 
understand this better? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Gaurav, I would more look at the 9-month number, because when things are 
built and when they are paid out, a quarter is too short a period to judge that. 
We definitely are looking at just under INR 30 billion of spend on construction 
for the 9 months, which is below our desired level. 
 
And we do expect to push that up, as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, over 
the next few quarters, both the quarterly run rate as well as an equivalent 9-
month period, which in turn will have a significant improvement for us also in 
terms of collections. For the current quarter, we expect that number to be about 
INR 12 billion or thereabouts. 
Gaurav Khandelwal: 
Got it. But is it fair to assume that the construction momentum has increased 
since last quarter, as in third quarter onwards? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
The construction momentum has started moving up from November end 
onwards as these environmental issues got debottlenecked. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we conclude the question-and-answer 
session. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aayush Raghuvanshi, Co-
Head of Investor Relations, for closing comments. 
Aayush Raghuvanshi: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call. I hope we've been able to answer all 
your questions. If you have any further questions or need any information, you 
may connect with the Investor Relations team. Once again, thank you all for 
joining the call today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Lodha Developers, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
