• 
 
 
 
ZF Group 
 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
(Formerly known as WABCO INDIA Limited) 
 
Plot No.3 (SP), Third Main Road,  
Registered Office: Plot No.3 (SP), Third Main Road, 
Ambattur Industrial Estate,  
Ambattur Industrial Estate, Chennai - 600058. India 
Chennai - 600058. India  
CIN: L34103TN2004PLC054667 
Phone: +91 44 4224 2000 
  
Phone:  +91 44 42242000. Fax: +91 44 42242009 
Fax: +91 44 4224 2009 
www.zf.com  
www.zf.com 
 
Commercial Vehicle Solutions 
Department 
Finance  
From 
Muthulakshmi M 
Phone 
+91 044-4224 2000 
Email 
muthulakshmi.m@zf.com  
Date 
February 17, 2026 
ZF Group · ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited, Chennai 600058 
 
 
 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
 
 
 
Scrip code: 533023 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
 
 
Trading Symbol: ZFCVINDIA  
 
 
ISIN : INE342J01019 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor Call held for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 
 
In continuation of our letters dated 21st January 2026 and 12th February 2026 pursuant to 
intimation and recording of investor’s call, we hereby inform that the transcript of the earnings call 
has been uploaded on the website of the Company and the same can be accessed through the 
following link: 
 
https://www.zf.com/mobile/en/company/investor_relations/zf_cv_india_investor_relations/zf_cv_india_ir.html#  
 
Request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
  
Yours sincerely, 
For ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Muthulakshmi M  
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
Digitally signed by MANOHARAN MUTHULAKSHMI
DN: C=IN, PostalCode=600014, S=TAMIL NADU, STREET=
"FLAT NO.1A, 1ST FLOOR, RAMANIYAM BALAJI TOWERS 
,POORAM PRAKASAM ROAD ,CHENNAI,BALAJI NAGAR ,
600014", L=CHENNAI, O=Personal, SERIALNUMBER=
5c709df4cd7242b2ee67dceec348c686a663e9401dfa5895bf
cc359ca2bd0248, OID.2.5.4.65=
bbeee947d7c64f34a0a9598d0c59f464, Phone=
b8a970aac7f809a1aec843c3630279c5890ba89c73554437d
b375d7e8871ed21, E=MUTHULAKSHMI968@GMAIL.COM, 
CN=MANOHARAN MUTHULAKSHMI
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: 
Date: 2026.02.17 16:33:14+05'30'
Foxit PDF Editor Version: 13.1.1
MANOHARAN 
MUTHULAKS
HMI

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
Internal 
 
“ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India 
Limited 
Q3 FY '2025-26 Post Results Earnings Conference Call” 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PARAMJIT SINGH CHADHA – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – ZF COMMERCIAL VEHICLE CONTROL 
SYSTEMS INDIA LIMITED 
 
MS. SWETA AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ZF COMMERCIAL VEHICLE CONTROL SYSTEMS INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SHANKAR VENKATACHALAM – HEAD, OE SALES – 
ZF COMMERCIAL VEHICLE CONTROL SYSTEMS INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MS. M. MUTHULAKSHMI – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
ZF COMMERCIAL VEHICLE CONTROL SYSTEMS INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANNAMALAI JAYARAJ – BATLIVALA & KARANI 
SECURITIES  
 
 
 
 
 

                                                           ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Internal 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems 
India Limited Q3 FY '26 Post Results Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Batlivala & Karani 
Securities India Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Annamalai Jayaraj. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today. I welcome you all for the ZF 
Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited earnings call to brief on the Q3 FY 2025-
'26 quarterly earnings, which will be presented by the management team. 
 
Your host today from ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited are Mr. Paramjit 
Singh Chadha, Managing Director; Ms. Sweta Agarwal, CFO; Mr. Shankar Venkatachalam, 
Head of OE Sales; and Mr. M. Muthulakshmi, Company Secretary.  
I now hand over the call to Mr. Paramjit Singh Chadha, who will provide further insight into the 
results. Over to you, sir. 
Paramjit Singh Chadha: 
Thank you. Good afternoon to all of you. I warmly welcome you all to ZF Commercial Vehicle 
Control Systems India Limited third quarter results for the financial year 2025-26. Certain 
forward-looking statements that we will make today are based on management's good faith and 
expectations concerning future developments. The actual results may differ materially from 
these expectations because of multiple factors. 
 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited results for the quarter ending December 
31, 2025, were published on February 10, 2026. They are available on the website www.zf.com  
under the ZF CV India Investor Relations section. We hope that you have had an opportunity to 
go through them. A transcript and recorded audio of this call will also be made available on the 
website, www.zf.com  under the ZF CV India Investor Relations section. 
 
I am happy to talk to you today, as we give you an update about business of the company. We 
will start with the industry and economic updates. The global economy continues to demonstrate 
greater resilience than previously anticipated, supported by easing uncertainties and broadly 
stable financial conditions. 
 
While trade flows are gradually normalizing and some market volatility persists, overall 
macroeconomic fundamentals remain steady. India's growth trajectory remains robust. GDP 
expanded by 8.2% in Q2 '25-'26 with GVA rising 8.1%. This strong performance has been 
underpinned by solid domestic demand, healthy momentum in both industrial and services 
sectors, ongoing tax rationalization and front-loaded public capital expenditure. 

                                                           ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Internal 
 
High frequency indicators signal continued strength this past quarter, reflecting resilient rural 
demand, improving urban consumption, firm investment activity and an uptick in manufacturing 
output. 
 
Looking ahead, positive agriculture prospects, benign inflation trends, strengthened corporate 
balance sheets and supportive monetary conditions are expected to sustain the growth 
momentum. GDP growth for '25-'26 is projected at 7.4%. 
 
Inflation has moderated sharply to multiyear lows, driven by broad-based decline in both food 
and core components. For '25-'26, inflation is projected at 2%, supported by favorable supply 
conditions and moderating global commodity prices. 
 
Overall, the outlook for both growth and inflation trend remains balanced with risk contained 
and domestic fundamentals continuing to prove a strong foundation for sustained economic 
performance. This -- some data is taken from Reserve Bank of India press release, rbi.org.in. 
 
Let us talk about Indian commercial vehicle industry, basically more than 6 tonne commercial 
vehicles. The overall CV industry has gained momentum in Q3, supported by strong economic 
activity driven by GST reforms. 
 
Also, RBI repo rate cuts, rising demand, improved goods movement recorded 6.1% growth, 
billion-tonne kilometre in the calendar year of 2025 over the last year. With the CV more than 
6-tonne segment growing at an even stronger rate of 11%. On a quarterly basis, the CV more 
than 6-tonne segment registered 20.6% growth in Q3 and model mix largely remained same as 
last year with a marginal change in the bus production. 
 
Looking at the truck segment. In the truck segment, growth is supported by several favourable 
factors and is expected to continue in the upcoming quarter as well. With GST reforms effective 
September, increase in consumption demand directly boosting goods movement and in turn CV 
growth. Supported by tailwinds like repo rate cuts, this momentum is set to sustain industry 
growth. 
 
Second aspect is increased government capital expenditures supported by strong infrastructure 
and construction activity, along with the recent union budget outlay INR12.2 lakh crores that 
places strong emphasis on infrastructure expansion and freight corridor development. This will 
indirectly boost demand for truck production. 
 
The resumption of mining activity post monsoon, along with government focus on developing 
rare earth corridors, which further promote mining is expected to accelerate mining operation 
and stimulate demand growth in this segment. 
 
Looking at bus segment, in line with the overall CV industry growth, the bus market also 
experienced robust expansion driven by strong demand from State Transport Units, STUs, the 
intercity segment and urban transport needs. EV bus sales reached 1,219 units in Q3 '25-'26, 
supported by finalization of PME drive tenders and fresh government procurement orders. 

                                                           ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Internal 
 
Looking at trailer segment, while the medium and heavy-duty trucks shown a strong growth, 
migration towards multi-axle vehicles, fleet underutilization amid export declines the expansion 
of mega LPG pipeline, which collectively triggered a short-term production dip. However, with 
the government's focus on infrastructure, this sector is expected to rebound. 
 
Looking at impact of this industry growth on OE sales for our company. During Q3, FY '25-'26, 
CV more than 6 tonne production recorded a growth of 20.6%, while our overall sales rose by 
28.1%. 
 
The strong performance enabled us to outperform the market by 7.5%, primarily supported by 
following factors: high EV bus production and increased market share among independent bus 
manufacturer for e-compressor and EBS system, a sharp rise in ESC penetration driven by 
updated regulations effective September 2025. SOP of a new variant of exhaust brake wall in 
Q3 FY '26, profitability improvement actions, including price resetting of low-margin products. 
 
Looking ahead, the outlook for commercial vehicle industry remains positive, with several 
indicators pointing to a sustained rebound. Improving market sentiment, coupled with strong 
budgetary emphasis on infrastructure development, freight corridors and new initiatives such as 
strategic mineral corridors is expected to directly stimulate demand for heavy-duty trucks. 
 
Additionally, the growing focus on EV ecosystem and public mobility is accelerating demand 
for electric buses. In anticipation of this upswing and in alignment with the adoption of new 
technology trends, we are advancing strategic initiatives aimed at strengthening our 
competitiveness and delivering long-term value. 
 
Some of the key strategic initiatives are as follows: increasing penetration of ESG is driving our 
focus on localization efforts to enhance and sustain market share across all customer segments. 
With government's ongoing discussions on mandating low-floor buses for city application, a 
significant increase in ECAS penetration is expected. 
 
In response to this emerging demand, we have initiated efforts to localize ECAS to strengthen 
and sustain our market position. We aim to increase penetration of trailer ABS, trailer EBS and 
SCALAR EVO Pulse systems in line with AIS 113 trailer regulations, and growing demand for 
safety and operational efficiency in the trailer fleet. 
 
Close collaborations with OEMs is enabling the expansion of AMT applications, effectively 
leveraging the segmental migration toward higher capacity engine that is driving increased AMT 
adoption. These developments reinforce our long-term growth trajectory and underscore our 
strategic alignment with the future of commercial mobility. 
 
Looking at aftermarket. In Q3 FY '25-'26, our aftermarket sales reached INR158 crores, 
reflecting a strong 19.2% growth over the INR132 crores recorded in the same quarter in last 
financial year. This performance was driven by broad-based momentum across key segments. 

                                                           ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Internal 
 
A significant contributor to this growth was continued acceleration in retro fitment demand, 
particularly from PSU oil and gas customers, generating INR4.1 crores through trailer ABS, 
EVS retro fitment programs. 
 
Our traditional product portfolio, including air compressor, air processing units Actuators, AMT 
modulators and brake control system also saw increased penetration across markets, supported 
by strengthening demand patterns. 
 
We also witnessed greater uplift from OES-driven requirement, primarily due to replacement 
demand arising from BS-VI vehicles park expansion. Our mining segment maintains its positive 
trajectory with higher equipment deployment, driving strong sales of compressors and actuators. 
 
Additionally, the expansion of our service footprint through 7 new authorized service centers, 
enhanced network accessibility and customer support. This strengthened infrastructure 
continued meaningful to overall aftermarket growth by improving reach, responsiveness and 
service reliability. 
 
Let us discuss about export of goods. In Q3 financial year 2025, '26, our export performance 
declined by 10.9% compared to the same period last year. Primarily due to volume reduction 
from the U.S. market, private tariff-related cost pass-throughs by OEMs to the end customer 
continued to adversely impact demand. While the U.S. market saw a drop, this was partially 
offset by improvement in the EU market. 
 
Overall, the combined market decline stood at 12.2%. Despite this, we outperformed the market 
by intensifying our focus on portfolio expansions across regions. While these factors created 
short-term headwinds, the recent FDA agreement with the EU and indications of potential tariff 
reduction in U.S. are expected to support demand recovery in the upcoming quarters. We remain 
fully committed to ramping up our capabilities to meet this anticipated growth. 
 
Along with this, the company has proactively advanced several strategic initiatives aimed at 
reinforcing future growth and recalibrating priorities. Notable achievements include the 
successful start of production for actuator 4.0 and air compressor for additional global OEMs, 
strengthening our global customer footprint. 
 
Concurrently, we continue to broaden and diversify our product portfolio to position ourselves 
for recovery and long-term expansion. We also speak about export of services. Export of services 
grew by a robust 11.1% in Q3 FY 2025, '26 compared to the corresponding quarter last year. 
This growth was driven by a sustained increase in engineering activities delivered from India to 
global centers. 
 
The continued expansion of these capabilities reinforces India's position as a strategic 
engineering hub for ZF globally, underscoring the strength, scalability and technical depth of 
our talent base. 

                                                           ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Internal 
 
We talk about now on ESG initiatives. Sustainability continues to remain a core strategic priority 
for the company, and our focused efforts are yielding meaningful recognition and impact across 
our operations. 
 
Our Jamshedpur facility received first prize in the ACMA Regional Kaizen Competition under 
the safety. Agronomic improvement category underscoring our commitment to building safer 
and more efficient workplaces. 
 
We also continue to advance energy conservation, with several key initiatives delivering 
measurable benefits. A 200 CFM compressor energy saving project supported by a leak arresting 
campaign is estimated to generate annual energy savings of approximately 50,000 units. 
 
The introduction of eFans in AHUs has resulted in an additional reduction of around 20,000 
units per annum. Our ESG leadership was further highlighted when we were invited to share our 
best practices at IIT Madras during the Accelerating Net Zero AI and Energy Efficiency 
Conference. The event saw participation from more than 200 companies and our initiatives 
received strong appreciation from peers and industry stakeholders. 
 
These achievements reflect our continued commitment to sustainability, operational excellence 
and responsible growth, reinforcing our alignment with global environmental and safety 
standards. 
 
Some updates about engineering. On engineering front, the company had successfully enabled 
start of production of e-compressor, air light for truck platform, diameter 60 and 90 exhaust 
brake assembly products for major OEM, 9-inch vacuum booster was launched for aftermarket. 
 
Advanced Driver Assistance System, ADAS test dummy was developed through institutional 
collaboration. One prestigious new product development excellence award from major OEMs 
for significant contribution of ZF towards launch of Advanced Electronic Braking System, 
Electronic Stability Control, Automated Manual Transmission, Compressor, Air Processing 
Unit and axle products. Advanced technology products demonstrated at Technology Day events 
organized by leading OEM across India were also done. 
 
On manufacturing updates, the company continues to ramp up production of advanced 
technology products from its new multidivisional manufacturing plant at Oragadam. Key 
products, including e-compressor and hydraulic ESCs, Electronic Stability Control for e-
mobility, ASP Air System Protector cartridges for Indian OEMs and wheel products such as 
actuators, brake chambers and automatic slack adjuster for both domestic and export market. 
 
New products such as EBA Exhaust Brake Assembly, e-compressor light brake signal 
transmitter for Indian truck trailer OEMs and expansion of current portfolio to aftermarket have 
been successfully launched. 
 
Assembly lines have been upgraded in Jamshedpur, Lucknow and Pantnagar plant for 
manufacturing footprint capability, resulting in improved delivery performance, flexibility and 

                                                           ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Internal 
customer responsiveness, as well as supporting our sustainability objectives through reduction 
of transportation emissions. 
 
The company continues to realize significant gains in productivity and quality through 
implementation of smart automation, robotic technology, testing automation and leveraging 
digitalization in assembly and machining cells. 
 
Let us talk about awards and recognitions. I am pleased to share that in Q3 FY '25, '26, our lead 
of teams earned significant recognition across leading industry forums securing 4 national level 
awards, 4 regional awards and 9 state-level awards. 
 
Our teams achieved top honours in prestigious competition such as IMTMA Productivity 
Championship, NIQR Six Sigma and ACMA Kaizen Awards, along with accolades from CII, 
QCFI and ABG-AOTS. These achievements underscore our unwavering commitment to 
operational excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, reinforcing ZF's leadership 
position in the industry. 
 
Clarification statement on sale of ZF ADAS business to Harman International. We would like 
to clarify that. They are also given in the media. ZF Commercial Vehicle Solutions CVS 
confirmed that the announced transfer of certain advanced driver assistance system ADAS 
activity applies exclusively to its ADAS division portfolio, specifically compute solution, 
camera, radar, passenger car, ADAS function and does not pertain to ADAS portfolio of ZF 
CVS division. 
 
It does not affect ZF CVS development supply service or support of ADAS solution for 
Commercial Vehicle. Existing customer contracts, service agreement and terms and conditions 
remain in force and program deliveries continue without interruption. For the complete 
statement and further detail, please refer to the stock exchange announcement dated 14th January 
2026. 
 
We will also talk about India Europe free trade agreement. ZF Group applauds the signing of 
India EU Free Trade Agreement, a truly important fact step to shape an integrated economic 
zone serving nearly 2 billion people and strengthening one of the world's key trade relationships. 
 
In times of geopolitical uncertainties and rising tariff hurdles, the agreement is an important sign 
for cooperation and exchange. This agreement opens new path for collaboration, innovation and 
sustainable growth across industries in both regions. 
 
For ZF Group, it unlocks significant opportunity to deepen our technology innovation and 
advance future mobility technologies, with this bilateral agreement. Additionally, it allows us to 
contribute to more resilient and diversified value chains. 
 
Regarding some changes in the operations, new Head of Operations, effective Friday, 30th 
January, Mr. M.S. Ravi Kumar retired as Regional Operating Officer of CVS India after 39 years 
of service. He was succeeded by Mr. G. Mukund, who joins us from VECV Limited. He has 

                                                           ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Internal 
more than 35 years of industry experience. We would like to thank Mr. Ravi Kumar for his many 
years of service and wish Mr. G. Mukund the very best in his new role. 
 
And now moving on the financial performance for Q3 FY '25-'26, I would hand over to Sweta, 
our CFO. 
Sweta Agarwal: 
Good afternoon. Thanks for joining in. For your ready reference, the results were made public 
at 1550 hours on February 10, 2026. I hope you've had a chance to go through them. I'm happy 
to share that our total revenues consolidated for the quarter ending 31st December '25 reached 
INR1,105 crores compared to the INR980 crores in Q3 of the previous financial year.  
This is an increase of 12.8% year-on-year, and a 15.3% increase compared to the previous 
quarter. The company delivered strong operating performance in Q3 FY '25-'26, achieving an 
EBITDA margin of 20% on total sales and profit before tax before exceptional items stood at 
INR194.5 crores. 
 
After factoring in the INR7.9 crores of exceptional impact relating to the Labor Code changes, 
our profit before tax stood at INR186.5 crores, translating to 16.9% of total revenue. The 
company reported a PAT profit after tax of INR140.2 crores with 12.7% PAT margin and our 
PAT grew by 11.7% over same quarter in the previous financial year, and an increase of 29.5% 
compared to Q2 '25-'26. 
 
I'm pleased to note that, this is the first time we have also crossed revenues of INR1,100 crores 
in a single quarter, and we continue to grow sustainably across INR1,000 crores in 3 out of the 
last 4 quarters. Handing back to our MD. 
Paramjit Singh Chadha: 
Thank you, Sweta. Despite favourable policies, along with improved mining activity and rainfall 
patterns have enabled us to remain resilient in a volatile macroeconomic environment and 
continue supporting the demand from our valued customers. We remain committed to driving 
sustained growth for all our stakeholders, including our investors, customers, suppliers and 
employees. 
 
Looking ahead, we are optimistic about continued momentum, supported by recent India, 
Europe FTA and positive volume outlook across the CV industry. Thank you. We now welcome 
your questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
My first question is on the EBITDA margins. We have seen the margins improve significantly 
this quarter. We actually saw the same last year third quarter as well when sequentially the 
margins improved more than 300 bps. 
 
So just trying to understand what has driven these margins because other expenses have come 
down, while gross margins have stayed similar Q-o-Q. It will kind of help understand this 
phenomenon, please? 

                                                           ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Internal 
Sweta Agarwal: 
Thank you for the question, Mukesh. Mukesh, we typically do our retrospective price 
amendments in Q3. So, what you would see is a small impact of the price adjustments or 
collections of the increases of prices from April to September also being collected in December. 
That's why you see the seasonal increase in the same quarter of last year as well as this year. 
 
I mean, on a financial year basis, you would see a small expansion in our margin over what we 
delivered for FY '25 and '26, but this is the seasonality that you're seeing in December quarter 
standalone. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Right, I mean, retrospective price adjustment will probably reflect in the gross margins, I would 
imagine, because your gross margins haven't really moved sequentially. It's the other expenses 
that have come down. So, I mean, is this also driven by this pricing -- the retroactive pricing 
adjustments? 
Sweta Agarwal: 
That's right because proportionately, the expenses would not -- it just goes into adding to the 
margin, right? There is, of course, an effort in our cost management and better absorption due 
to higher volumes, but the impact of the higher EBITDA in last December as well as this 
December would come from the SPV or the sales price variances. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
All right, Understood. And secondly, I mean, I think you did mention that exports have remained 
weak this quarter, obviously, because of the tariff issues, etcetera. Now that we have a lot of 
clarity on the U.S. tariffs as well as with the EU agreement, how are we placed in terms of 
exports?  
I mean, if you could kind of help us understand next couple of years, how could exports grow, 
especially given that the parent actively looks to source from India given its best cost engineering 
capabilities? So, I mean, any outlook for the next couple of years we can provide on exports 
specifically? 
Sweta Agarwal: 
I mean, when you're asking for outlook on a couple of years, let's say that the EMEA is showing 
consistent growth in vehicle production. But having said that, we are living in a very volatile 
world, so commenting for '27 would be difficult. In general, we can say EMEA is strengthening. 
But however, early days yet for the U.S. tariff announcements, and we are not able to comment 
on that, and we don't see that impact in EDI as yet. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Okay. And just lastly, I think in the opening remarks, you mentioned about the mandating of 
low-floor buses for city applications and how that could benefit the ECAS, the Electronically 
Controlled Air Suspension product. Any timelines we could have on the possible mandating of 
these low-floor buses? And how is our current revenue from ECAS? Are we currently importing 
this product, any sense on the ECAS product? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: Yes. Right now, this is a draft legislation at this point of time. You might be aware that the 
market is gradually shifting to ultra-low entry buses to facilitate ease of entry and mobility in 
cities. So there is a draft legislation that in the upcoming October 2026 timeframe, all the buses 

                                                           ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Internal 
that are going to be sold in major metros and cities could be ultra-low entry. And we see a 
potential of this ECAS being utilized in each of these buses. And currently, yes, it is an imported 
solution, and we have internally activated some actions towards a fully localized content. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Any sense on the -- how much like on an average, the content per vehicle for ECAS could be 
for us, once it's localized, what could be the potential per vehicle realization? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: So today, it's running at very low volumes. Going forward, when the volume increases, the price 
would also typically come down to maybe about INR25,000 to INR30,000 per vehicle. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Okay. All right. All right. And just lastly, I think the revenue mix that you mentioned for 3Q, 
some of the numbers are inaudible. If you could just repeat the OEM aftermarket and exports 
revenue mix alone for the third quarter, please? That's it from my side. 
Sweta Agarwal: 
Sorry, could you repeat your question? 
Mukesh Saraf: 
The third quarter revenue mix between OEM aftermarket and exports. If you could just repeat 
those numbers, some of those numbers were inaudible. 
Sweta Agarwal: 
Okay. So OEM was about INR520 crores, aftermarket INR157 crores and exports INR259 
crores, with service income being about INR125. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi Institutional 
Equities. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Congrats on healthy results and greetings to the managements. Sir, we are 1.5 year away from 
the ADAS regulation implementation. So, most of the OEMs would have started finalizing the 
vendors for the ESC, ABS and the ADAS function. Can you help us understand how are you 
seeing the book building for us for this ESC and ADAS system? How we are seeing the traction 
with the major CV OEMs? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: Mumuksh, thank you for the question. On the ESC side, we are working with all of the OEMs. 
So, we would retain our current leadership position in terms of the ESC system overall with each 
truck and bus OEM. 
 
On the ADAS side, this is still at a discussion phase, advanced discussion phase with most of 
the OEMs. But there are discussions going on in the market with regards to other players who 
have offered products at a lower pricing than what is currently being offered by ZF.  
And as a result of that, there are several discussions and ongoing proof-of-concept related topics 
that are undertaken with each OEM. So, we are at an advanced stage of discussions and expect 
to have some directional conclusion in the coming quarter. 

                                                           ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Internal 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Just on the content value for the system, we earlier mentioned INR65,000 kind of value for the 
system, broadly INR25,000, INR30,000 for ESC. Is it also -- on the ground, are you seeing the 
same kind of pricing post the negotiation that are going with the customers? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: On the ESC, we would be at around INR20,000 to INR25,000 as we had indicated earlier. On 
the ADAS, the earlier indication of INR40,000 to INR45,000 was the number we had indicated 
during our earlier discussions. However, based on the latest outlook and the feedback from 
customers, their expectation is somewhere half of that. So, that's the kind of pricing levels which 
we are looking at as we are going forward. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it. Sir, for this regulation, would you require any capex requirement for the next few years 
to support the orders, sir? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: At this moment, we are only enabling our capabilities from an application engineering 
perspective. So, that's more from a test track related capability requirement only, yes. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Okay. Okay. I mean, then going ahead, there would be a requirement to then start manufacturing 
when the regulation comes in, right, sir? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: In the longer term, yes, we would be looking at further localization content when the volume 
picks up for the market overall. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. Got it. And sir, for this quarter, because the regulation of ESC buses have started, 
right? So, I just want to understand what kind of volumes we are doing or what kind of revenue 
this quarter came from the ESC solution for the buses? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: Just to give a comparison, from Q3 of '24, '25 to the Q3 of '25, '26, we are seeing approximately 
3,000 units of ESC delta increase. So, approximately 1,000 units per month increase over last 
year based on the legislation that has been mandated for the buses. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it. Agree with that, Sir. Sir, on the -- just on the low-floor bus, the application... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Mumuksh, may we request you return to the question queue for a follow-
up question. The next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
I just want to understand, what has been the growth of the trailer segment in the last 9 months 
because what I understand is that, that segment was actually growing faster. And there were 
some components which we are actually able to put on the trailer segments where we were doing 
EPS segments, so on and so forth. Can you just help me understand how the mix has changed? 
And what has been our content in these trailer combinations? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: Yes. Thank you for the question, Mr. Lakshminarayanan. I think the trailer segment had been 
growing in the early part of the year, primarily driven by a change in mix from the rigid to the 
tractor trailers. However, in this quarter, quarter 3, compared to previous year, there was a dip 
of about 6 to 7 percentage in the overall trailer production.  

                                                           ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Internal 
So, there has been multiple factors related to GST fleet underutilization, export requirement 
decline and so on. So, these were certain factors that triggered a drop in the overall trailer 
production in this quarter. So overall, if you see, this has impacted in terms of numbers, volumes 
of trailers that are produced in the quarter 3. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. And what kind of components we actually have within them? And can you just give a 
rough estimate? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: So apart from the prime mover to which we supply to all the OEMs, on the trailer side, we supply 
the actuators, which are fitted on the axles as well as the braking system-related components, 
valves and EBF, lift axle control systems as well. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. Got it. And there was -- we were supplying to a Russian commercial vehicle 
manufacturer, and that actually had a challenge because of all this Russian war, etcetera, right? 
Now, can you just help me understand whether that particular thing was lost or it is actually 
augmented in some other way? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: From India perspective, we were not supplying directly to any Russian manufacturer. That was 
more from a global business perspective. And I think since we are part of the companies which 
are part of the European Union, I think post the Russia-Ukraine war, all supplies have ceased 
for Russia. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. Got it. Third question is that can you just talk about what are the other regulations that 
would actually help us that is ESC and buses and also ADAS and AES, ECAS, etcetera, right? 
So, can you just plan out what would be the next 2 or 3 years and which would actually would 
drive the growth in terms of prior -- in terms of, which would be taking higher prioritization? Of 
course, you've talked about ADAS in the previous question. 
Shankar Venkatachalam: Right. So, ADAS is already a legislation, which is coming up in 2027. Apart from that, we have 
a few other draft legislations. I think one is the draft legislation of mandating ESC and school 
buses. So, that is again something that is potentially going to roll out later this year. And the 
other point which we spoke about is mandating ultra-low entry buses in the type 1 city bus 
segment, which could lead to improved sales of our e-cars. 
 
Thirdly, this would be something that is an overall benefit to the CV industry is the scrappage 
policy, which is under discussion for the last several years. If that is potentially rolled out, that 
would have an overall benefit in the CV industry as a whole. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Shah from White Equity Investment Advisors. 
Ankit Shah: 
Sir, my question was on EV bus e-compressors. So, we understand that our content in the EV 
bus jumps about 4x or 5x, mainly because of this e-compressor versus the ICE buses. So, is this 
with respect to even the smaller buses? Or is this for a particular segment of the buses? One, 
another piece within this call, so are we near monopoly in the e-compressors for the EV bus? Or 

                                                           ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Internal 
is there competition? So, we've heard names like KingClima, Bitzer, Valeo, etcetera. So are this 
our competition or we are near monopoly in India? 
Paramjit Singh Chadha: 
Yes. I think you rightly said that in electric vehicle, e-compressor is more expensive as compared 
to the ICE vehicle. And mostly in India, we are, I would say, a major supplier from India, but 
there are some imports also by some of the manufacturers. But as a government policy that every 
EVA has to ensure that local content. So we are fulfilling that liability. 
Ankit Shah: 
Okay. And this e-compressor opportunities for all buses? Or is it for a particular range of buses, 
more than 9 meters or 12 meters? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: Today, majority of the buses are 9-meter and 12-meter and the current product, what we have 
proposed fits in that application. But off late, there are some requirements coming for the smaller 
7-meter buses as well. So, we are trying to see the product, suitable product fit with our product, 
which is also capable to be packaged across board. So typically, in a bus application, which has 
higher air consumption and requirements, our product is the right fit. 
Ankit Shah: 
Got it. Got it. Sir, we understand about 4,000, 4,500 EV buses were sold in calendar year '25. 
One report projected that e-bus volumes could hit about 17,000 in 2 years' time. So, can you 
share your perspective on whether this is plausible from your perspective? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: As you rightly mentioned, the e-bus segment has seen a steady year-on-year growth that has 
been positively driven by 2 factors. One is the straight transport unit undertaking related tenders 
as well as the PM-eBus Sewa related discounts and incentives that are offered. So most recently, 
I think the 10,500 buses order was also concluded in the month of November, December, which 
is going to add a real fill to several OEMs who are into bus manufacturing. 
 
So, these are the quantum of buses that are going to be produced over the next 2 years. And it is 
anticipated that the government will further incentivize these kind of initiatives going forward, 
driven largely by domestic value addition. So, the key OE players who are able to give more 
maximum local content will also be incentivized to offer these buses. The complete opex model 
operation system to the public. So. in lieu of that, it seems possible, but of course, subject to a 
lot of other charging infrastructure and capabilities that need to also be built in to support that. 
Ankit Shah: 
Absolutely. Right. And the last question on the recent order that Tata Motors received from 
Indonesia for exports of 70,000 vehicles. So, just wanted to understand whether we have an 
opportunity in this. So, would these vehicles be exported to Indonesia in a complete knockdown 
position and our products would go with them or this is not in our domain? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: So, of the vehicle orders that they have received, there is an Ultra T.7, which comprises 36,000 
units, and that is offered on an Air Brake System platform. in that air brake vehicle system 
platform, we are working with Tata on that product. 
Ankit Shah: 
Got it. The advanced products are not part of that, right, like the smaller vehicle? 

                                                           ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Internal 
Shankar Venkatachalam: I think it's a very basic ABS system. There are no advanced products as part of the spec. 
Ankit Shah: 
Right, right. And the last, if you can share the number of... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Ankit, I request you return to the question queue for a follow-up. The next 
question is from the line of Nirali Gopani from Unique PMS. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Sir, my question is on this comment that you made that where the content per vehicle or the 
pricing between our and the competition is different of 50%. So, if you can just talk a little bit 
more on this, how serious is the competition? Because given we are the technology leaders, how 
easy will it be for someone to replace us with the OEM? If you can just highlight a few points 
there, that will be helpful. 
Shankar Venkatachalam: Thank you for the question. I think the main background of the other players who have come 
into the segment are from a different segment, the passenger car portfolio. So, their product and 
offering may be differently suited. However, we are still in discussions and advanced stage of 
alignments with customers with vehicle proof-of-concept trials and so on. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Okay. So, you expect that in order to win the orders we'll have to come midway with the 
competition on our pricing or we'll have to compromise on our pricing part? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: At this point of time, we are talking about what value we are offering to the customer, and we 
also have our own testing capability as well as the field vehicle data acquisition. So, these are 
the algorithms that are available with us, which are our USP when it comes to talking about the 
product to customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dishant Jain from Quasar Capital. 
Dishant Jain: 
Yes. Ma'am, can you please repeat on the retrospective price adjustment part? 
Sweta Agarwal: 
Dishant, the price adjustment. So, price increases happen with effect from 1st April, but the 
effect is given via POs in December, November or December. That is the reason why in 
December results, there would be an impact of retrospective price increases from April to 
September. 
Dishant Jain: 
Sure. But then if the price increase, then it should have been in the -- like increase in the gross 
margin, right? 
Sweta Agarwal: 
It does get into the gross margin, yes. But you do not -- sorry, please ask your question. 
Dishant Jain: 
Yes. So, the effect of the price increase should be visible in the gross margin, right? Because on 
a Y-o-Y basis, it is on the similar lines. 
Sweta Agarwal: 
If you're comparing it to the same quarter of last year, there is the same impact also in the same 
quarter of last year. 

                                                           ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Internal 
Dishant Jain: 
Okay. But even on a sequential basis, the gross margin on the same. 
Sweta Agarwal: 
I don't -- I'm not sure where you're getting your numbers from. Maybe you can connect with me 
or send me a question via e-mail, and we can take it up there. 
Dishant Jain: 
Sure, sure. My second question ma'am would be on the -- that recently EU deal. Are we thinking 
-- the parent company thinking of introducing some products from the Indian operations since 
we would be in a position to supply to the Europe after this deal. So, any thoughts on that? 
Sweta Agarwal: 
Around -- so the EU FTA has just been signed off. Of course, this presents a significant 
opportunity, but we are still evaluating what would increase and how this would play out. And 
ZF will release comments upon developments on how they are affecting our -- and how they're 
translating for us. 
Dishant Jain: 
Sure. And just last question, ma'am. Is it possible to give the Europe growth and the U.S. growth 
for Q3? 
Sweta Agarwal: 
Yes. Europe has grown about 20 -- Europe has grown about 9%. Europe has grown about 9% 
and U.S. has degrown by about 28% on volumes -- on vehicle production. 
Dishant Jain: 
On vehicle production? 
Sweta Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dishant Jain from Anand Rathi. 
Dishant Jain: 
So, my question is on the low-floor bus city application, like what is the segment opportunity in 
terms of volume and value? And how are we positioned to capture the opportunity? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: Dishant, when we look at the ultra-low entry buses, these would be typically type 1 city buses. 
So today, if you look at the overall volumes in this particular segment, maybe there may be about 
1,500 buses a month potentially that could be transformed into the ultra-low entry type 
application. Of course, the infrastructure and the routes that are currently mapped on the usage 
of these buses need to be enhanced. Otherwise, you're going to have all these buses scraping the 
floor of every single road pothole that we have surrounding that. 
 
And going forward, the potential opportunity that we have apart from the basic braking system 
is the e-Cabs, because these ultra-low entry buses also would have the kneeling and raising 
functionality similar to the Termite Coach bus. So, that is the opportunity that we spoke about a 
little while earlier. 
Dishant Jain: 
Okay. And my second question would be in the smaller CVs, like how are you getting traction 
for ESC or EVS? 

                                                           ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Internal 
Shankar Venkatachalam: Smaller CV, you're referring to SCV or LCV, which segment are you having queries with 
regards to? 
Dishant Jain: 
Over 5 tonne. 
Shankar Venkatachalam: Okay. So, in the SUV segment, the products that are there with the air brake, we are already 
present. The products that are fitted with the hydraulic brake, we are in series supplies to some 
of the OEMs with our hydraulic ESC products. Those are already in series production today. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Paramjit Singh Chadha: 
Thank you very much. And we are -- as we discussed that commercial vehicle market above 6 
tonnes is booming, buoyant market. Our team is working to support that. And definitely, the 
indications given by all the OEMs during our personal visits also last month are talking about 
this buoyant market at least till March and even indications are given after April. Thank you 
very much to all the stakeholders who are supporting us into this growth and wishing all the best 
for the future. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
