 
 
 
 
February 17, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing Compliance Department 
 
 
Corporate Relations Department 
“Exchange Plaza” 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
 
 
 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 001 
NSE Symbol: ARE&M 
 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500008 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call - Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to our letter dated February 6, 2026, the transcript of the Earnings call held on February 
12, 2026, is enclosed herewith and the same will also available on the website of the Company at: 
https://www.amararajaeandm.com/investors/Earnings-calls. 
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thank you 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
(Formerly known as Amara Raja Batteries Limited) 
 
 
 
Vikas Sabharwal 
Company Secretary & 
Vice President - Legal 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VIKAS 
SABHAR
WAL
Digitally signed by VIKAS SABHARWAL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=4371, 
pseudonym=05e6f56c78ec4e84abaa72
fd6e44c16e, 
2.5.4.20=c38864386b6167929ceebbb0
07819fbf5d5a5c88a9e1fd4a246d42864
43fb175, postalCode=110052, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=1ebf4de41885feeb8db3
16d4a0f7d2aa5d9d19b58eba0a43f597
b8c78e577a3a, cn=VIKAS SABHARWAL 
Date: 2026.02.17 18:12:28 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Amara Raja 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February12, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DELLI BABU Y – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AMARA RAJA ENERGY & MOBILITY LIMITED 
 
MS. SWAJITHA RAPETI – HEAD, CORPORATE FINANCE 
– AMARA RAJA ENERGY & MOBILITY LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. KRUPASHANKAR – AVENDUS SPARK 
INSTITUIONAL EQUITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Amara Raja 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day. Welcome to Amara Raja Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
hosted by Avendus Spark. As a reminder, all the participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that the conference is being recorded. 
Now I hand over the conference call to Mr. Krupashankar from Avendus Spark. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Krupashankar: 
Thank you, Manasa. Good evening, everyone. Krupashankar here from Avendus Spark. I 
appreciate everybody logging into the 3Q FY '26 earnings call of Amara Raja Energy & Mobility 
Limited. From the management team. I'm pleased to host Mr. Y. Delli Babu, Chief Financial 
Officer; and Ms. Swajitha Rapeti, Head of Corporate Finance. I'll now hand over the call to the 
management for opening remarks. Over to you, ma'am. 
Swajitha Rapeti: 
Yes. Good evening, everyone. Thanks for joining the call. During Q3, the total consolidated 
revenue stood at INR3,410 crores which is a growth of around 4.2% over the previous year. And 
93% of the revenue has come from Lead Acid business and rest has come from New Energy 
business. 
 
During the quarter, a steady growth of 7% in domestic automotive 4-wheeler volumes along 
with other applications, supported the top line expansion in the lead acid business. 4-wheeler 
OEM volumes have demonstrated robust growth of around 25% and aftermarket volumes grew 
around 3% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
 
Other applications, including tubular batteries and HUPS also demonstrated a growth rate of 
around 10%. This quarter marked a significant increase in the tubular battery sales from in-house 
manufacturing, unlike the previous years. And Lubes also continue to clock a quarterly revenue 
of around INR50 crores, maintaining its growth momentum. 
 
Coming to the lead acid industrial side, the industrial volumes, excluding the telecom volumes 
registered a growth of around 2% and the UPS volumes had grown by around 5% on a Y-o-Y 
basis during the quarter. Despite these growth numbers highlighted earlier, the lead acid business 
reported a muted top line of around INR3,174 crores during the quarter. This was primarily 
driven by the decline in industrial telecom lead acid volumes and decline in automotive export 
volumes by around 15% on account of tariff issues and other geopolitical uncertainties. 
 
On the New Energy business, during Q3, we have delivered a strong performance with a revenue 
of more than INR200 crores, which is a growth of almost 2x compared to the previous year. This 
marks the first quarter in which we crossed the INR200 crores revenue milestone. And this 
growth is supported by increased demand for telecom packs. During the quarter, we supplied 
telecom packs around 250 megawatt hour and this led to a stationary capacity utilization of 80% 
plus. 
 
Besides telecom pack, we are also now shifting focus to battery energy storage solutions, where 
the market demand is expected to reach around 25 to 30 gigawatt hour by FY '31. Our Board 
has approved the setup of 5 gigawatt hour integrated solution plant with an estimated capex 

 
 
Amara Raja 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
outlay of around INR280 crores to cater to both grid and commercial industry energy storage 
solutions. We expect this plant to be operational by end of FY '27. 
 
During Q3, we infused around INR200 crores into Amara Raja Advanced Cell Technologies, 
which is a lithium subsidiary. And with this, the total investment is now INR1,400 crores. With 
respect to the profitability, the stand-alone operating margin stood around 11.2%. If we adjust 
for the lithium telecom battery trading business and consider even the operational efficiency 
from our lead recycling plant, the margins would work to 12.3% during Q3. 
 
Our lead recycling plant led to a margin accretion of around 0.6% at EBITDA level during the 
quarter. At a LAB level (lead acid battery business), we are able to sustain the operating margins 
of about 12% despite this cost pressures at raw material levels. The raw material costs, 
particularly in tin alloys and sulfuric acid and even antimony alloys increased materially during 
the quarter, which impacted the margins. 
 
In addition to this, even the OEM mix being higher during the quarter and some provisions 
around warranty expenses, EPR liability also added to the moderation margin expansion. We 
took a price increase of around 2% in January '26 to mitigate this cost pressures. 
 
On the capex side, until YTD December, we have spent around INR950 crores between lead 
acid business and New Energy business. Out of which, INR600 crores has been spent towards 
lead acid and INR300 crores towards New Energy business. So this is a quick brief on the Q3 
performance. We can go ahead with the question and answers. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Raghunandhan from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Raghunandhan: 
My first question was to better understand on the volume side. Can you please indicate within 
4-wheeler, how was the growth in OEM replacement and export Y-o-Y? 
Swajitha Rapeti: 
Yes. In the 4-wheeler segment, on the OEM side, we have grown around 25%. In the aftermarket 
segment, we have grown around 3%. 
Raghunandhan: 
Got it. And how would be exports? 
Swajitha Rapeti: 
The exports, there's a decline during the quarter by around 15%, Raghunandhan, on account of 
all this tariff issue. 
Raghunandhan: 
And can you also indicate for 2-wheelers, how is the OEM and replacement? 
Swajitha Rapeti: 
With respect to the 2-wheeler segment, both in the aftermarket and OEM segment, the growth 
has been pretty flat. We have grown marginally around 1%. This is primarily due to the 
corresponding period in the previous year, the volumes were slightly on a higher side. The base 
was a bit on a higher side because of which the growth looks muted. 
 
And on the OEM side, the growth was a bit muted because certain OEM factories were slightly 
shut down for a couple of months, which resulted in overall flat growth in the revenue, in the 
volume. 

 
 
Amara Raja 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Delli Babu Y: 
Just on the 2-wheeler, Raghunandhan, just to add to what Swajitha has said. Last year, same 
quarter, if you compare the Y-o-Y growth, it was almost close to 16%-17%. So there was that 
higher base impact that kind of has shown a muted growth on the 2-wheeler aftermarket, but I'm 
sure it will kind of revive itself in the coming quarters. 
 
And OEMs, we have seen in some of the platforms that we are supplying, we have seen a couple 
of areas where there was some bit of stoppage of lines for their annual maintenance, etcetera. 
But otherwise, in terms of market share, there is no major change between both aftermarket and 
OEMs as well. 
Raghunandhan: 
Good to hear that, sir. And on the industrial side, UPS is plus 5%. How much would be the 
decline in telecom? And what would be the share of telecom now in overall revenues? Is it very 
small? Because there has been a shift away from lead acid to lithium. So what would be the lead 
acid telecom share now? 
Swajitha Rapeti: 
In telecom during the quarter, the volumes have declined by more than 45%, Raghunandhan. So 
if you see, compared to the previous quarters, the overall telecom share in the revenue has come 
down significantly. I think if you see now that share would be less than 5%, as a percentage of 
overall revenue because of the transition to the lithium. 
Raghunandhan: 
And lastly, just to complete the volume bit, the home inverter, how would be the growth there? 
Swajitha Rapeti: 
The home inverters has grown around 10% on Y-o-Y basis. 
Raghunandhan: 
Got it. Got it. This is very helpful. Secondly, in terms of the under recoveries with the 2% price 
hike taken in January. So would that mean that all the cost related pressures are covered? Or 
would further price increases be required based on the current commodity prices? 
Delli Babu Y: 
See, Raghu, there is a bit of an uptick again after we took this price increase in the first week of 
January. While it can cover some portion of the alloy side of it, the other raw material costs like 
acid is again hitting us. But nevertheless, in Q4, if the season for the tubular batteries were to go 
in the expected lines, then that could -- because of increase in the manufacturing revenue, that 
could mitigate some bit of margin pressure. 
 
But at this point of time, if the acid prices also were to cool down during this quarter, I think that 
should help us. But right now, we believe, to the extent of alloy price increase, what we have 
seen, this should be sufficient. 
But we have to wait and see how are the other factors, how will the balance of the quarter will 
move on because lead had also kind of reached 1,900, and again, it has moved back to 1,930 
levels as we speak. So we have to wait and see how the balance of the quarter operates. 
Raghunandhan: 
Got it, sir. Very helpful. And on a full year basis, would lead acid capex be around INR700 
crores? Or would it be higher? 
Swajitha Rapeti: 
On a full year basis, it can go up to INR750 to INR 800 crores in the financial year.  
Raghunandhan: 
Got it, ma'am. INR800 crores. And secondly, on a... 

 
 
Amara Raja 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Delli Babu Y: 
Could be -- yes, on the capex, Raghu, that could be even including the tubular plant 
reinstatement, part of that money is going to come from the insurance claim, yes. 
Raghunandhan: 
Got it, sir. So for next year FY '27, it should normalize to about INR400 crores, INR500 crores? 
Swajitha Rapeti: 
Yes, Raghunandhan. Yes. In terms of the lead acid battery, I think it will be around INR300 
crores to INR400 crores. Whereas on the New Energy side, we may spend around INR1,000 
crores in the next year. 
Raghunandhan: 
And on the cell capacity side, with the expansion that you indicated, INR280 crores investment 
on the BESS opportunity. If you can talk about the opportunity, whether how are you 
approaching to get orders? How do you see the scale up, revenue potential, something on the 
economics? Any details you can share will be very helpful. 
Delli Babu Y: 
Raghu, initially, our idea is, as Swajitha has mentioned, we expect the overall market size to 
grow to about 30 gigawatt hour in the next 4 to 5 years. And you know there are a lot of tenders 
that have come up and then people have participated in big number. And going forward, the 
storage requirements both because of the round-the-clock power requirement from the solar 
generation side as well as the intermittency in the solar power generation is also required to be 
mitigated with appropriate storage. 
 
So we are focusing on the battery energy storage on 2 major applications. One is at the 
commercial and industrial level, which are of smaller size solutions. Whereas at the grid level, 
it will be a containerized solution with lithium batteries, plus the other DC blocks that will come 
in. So depending on where the lithium pack levels are and depending on what size of the 
container that is being required, the per kilowatt hour prices will vary significantly. So it is 
difficult to put a particular unit economics at this point of time. 
 
The other characteristic of this business is, it kind of mimics the pack business because, 
obviously, we'll be importing a lot of content to start with. And over a period of time, there is a 
push also because the government has stipulated certain percentages of BESS solutions that need 
to be produced within the country. And there is also the support for domestic content inclusion. 
You know what has happened in solar, where the government has mandated -- there's a 
requirement for certain domestic content being used in the solution. So that way, I think the 
business demand is high. And its asset turnover ratios are expected to be also very high because 
turnover ratios could be anywhere around 9 to 10x because of this being more of a solution 
architecture being provided by Amara Raja, whereas components will be imported to start with. 
 
And over a period of time, it also paves the way for localizing the other components, particularly 
the cells used in BESS at the rating of about 314Ah today. I think once we see that there is a 
robust demand that's evolving on that, and it will also pave way for us to go back and then make 
the cells as well. So from a percentage operating margin level, it will be low. But from an ROCE 
level, I think it should be better as we move into this business. Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question, we have Kapil Singh from Nomura. 

 
 
Amara Raja 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Kapil Singh: 
My question is just following up on BESS. I wanted to understand how you're thinking about 
competitive advantages in this business? How you are building competencies there? Because 
from what I understand, there will also be fairly high competition given everybody will be 
importing initially for this? 
So is that understanding correct? And second is from a cells point of view, are our existing 
facilities capable of producing those cells or we need to do additional capex to make those cells, 
which chemistry is used here? 
Delli Babu Y: 
Kapil, as far as competition is concerned, I request you to note what has happened in telecom. I 
mean you know when we started the whole telecom packs business, there were too many number 
of players who have got into that business and then how over a period of time, again today, if 
you look at on a combined lead acid and lithium basis, we still hold about 55% to 60% of the 
market with us. 
While we definitely agree that unlike lead acid, lithium is not a duopoly particularly, market on 
the pack side today. But over a period of time, when we actually see any of these businesses 
when the entry barriers are low, there will be too much competition. But over a period of time, 
we have definitely realized that there is value that will be provided by larger players who 
understand the whole power requirements better. 
 
And secondly, as you also know, Amara Raja Group is also into EPC business of solar generating 
stations. They do a lot of work for us. And it augurs also well for us because we'll be able to 
participate in many of these private tenders as well and then supply the solutions. Moreover, if 
you look at the 30-40 gigawatt hour kind of demand for the capacity that we are looking at 
scaling up about 5 gigawatt hour, will result in approximately about 15% of the market share. 
So that, I think, is a rightful market share for us to really think about, and I don't see that should 
actually become a serious hindrance. As far as the cells are concerned, this will be an LFP cell. 
Current cells that are getting used are 300Ah kind of a rating. And over a period of time once 
we establish our LFP chemistry cells factories, I think one of those lines or one of those factories 
can actually be the storage side of it. 
As you know, even in the overall lithium numbers, we expect that at least 30% to 35% of the 
overall lithium cell demand will be from the storage side, whether it be telecom or UPS or BESS 
etcetera. So that way, whatever the rating of cells that are relevant for the BESS have to be 
developed over a period of time. Obviously, there is a time to decide what cell size and what 
capacity that we need to put up. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sure, sir, that's very helpful. Secondly, on the NMC cells capacity that is coming up this year, 
how are you sensing the potential to utilize that? Some of the players even in the 2-wheeler space 
have talked about using LFP also as a technology going ahead. And then we are also seeing 
some new technologies like sodium also being explored. So just your thoughts on how you are 
working on new technologies? What are your thoughts in terms of some of these new 
technologies as well and then the utilization of NMC facilities? 

 
 
Amara Raja 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Delli Babu Y: 
See we definitely hear you. I think that's the same thing what we also hear, not only from 2-
wheeler customers, even some of 3-wheeler customers as well to whom we are currently 
supplying packs. But even then, we believe that the capacity, as you know, even in the earlier 
calls that we have clearly said that, it's not going to be more than 2 gigawatt hour. 
 
So not only the mobility application, there could be certain high power cells that could be 
required even in segments like power tools, etcetera. So there will not be a problem as far as 
using this, even by today's understanding of the market. But in the worst case, obviously, future 
nobody is so certain about. In the worst case, if at all, there is a problem with it, as we have 
explained earlier also, migrating this whole line to LFP chemistry is not going to be from a 
capital point of view, very taxing. 
 
So if NMC chemistry is going to be completely irrelevant, there will be certain at least even in 
the export markets, there could be some demand that will definitely be there for NMC. So we 
don't see a problem of utilization of the capacity at this point of time. 
 
As far as new chemistries that are evolving, that obviously is a very important point for us. And 
there is a very dedicated team, which is looking into the feasibility of those chemistries as and 
when they become relevant, we will definitely work on them and then see what kind of 
adaptation that we need to do for the Indian market. 
 
Beyond this, I'm -- I will not be able to give you any specific detailing as to at what stage we are 
with respect to these technologies. But yes, as we know, sodium ion is being talked about. And 
we also understand that the LFP chemistry is the mainstay chemistry for mobility applications, 
which is what we have been saying for the last -- ever since we have started this pivot to New 
Energy business. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. Great. And sir, lastly, just on the overall growth, it was a little soft this quarter. So if you 
could just share your thoughts on the growth for the different segments as we look ahead, 
particularly a little surprising to see aftermarket growth in 4-wheelers of only 3%. So what's 
happening really over there? 
And similarly, telecom as well a very sharp decline. So is this a cyclical decline you think? Or 
what's happening there? And same for exports actually because tariffs were particularly for the 
U.S. market. So where is this impact in which markets you are seeing the tariff impact? 
Delli Babu Y: 
See, the 2 reasons as far as exports are concerned because last year, we have commenced the 
supplies to the U.S. markets. And obviously, last year's volumes has that advantage already built 
into them. But now this year, we are not able to supply any volume in this quarter to the U.S. 
markets. 
 
And also some of the capacities, for example, in the Middle East and Asia Pacific market where 
we are strong. We are seeing the competitive intensity also a bit of on rise so that there is natural 
drop in the volumes in those markets as well because there is too much of competition that we 
need to withstand. 

 
 
Amara Raja 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
 
So that will I mean, we are also now trying to look at what are the possible mitigations of it. 
Because America being such a large market, we cannot ignore it continuously. And then we also 
need to understand how do we withstand these challenges from time to time based on the 
political or other reasons. 
Whenever there is a challenge with respect to the tariffs or other nontariff barriers. We need to 
figure out how to overcome them so that there is that stability in the total business. So there are 
certain steps that we are taking in that regard, which is where we are trying to now look at to 
form a small subsidiary to start with and then see how it can help stabilize. And then improve 
our business in the U.S. That's something that we are working on. 
 
With whatever announcements that are coming on the trade side, we are hopeful that in the 
coming quarters, it should kind of smoothen out. And then because while it was told that the 232 
section will also be reviewed and there will be an announcement regarding it, but we are still 
waiting for the final details around it. So as and when that becomes a reality, I'm sure we should 
be able to overcome that. 
 
Now as far as the domestic market is concerned, this quarter, particularly, if you see both on the 
4-wheeler and 2-wheeler last year same quarter, the aftermarket growth was pretty high. So there 
is that base impact that is creating some bit of an issue. But overall aftermarket battery growth 
also is, as you know, the industry is only growing at about 5% to 6% kind of numbers. 
So in the coming quarters, these one-off quarter volume blips will get definitely corrected as we 
move into the next year. So on the industry growth rate level, I don't think there is a reason for 
us to reassess or get worried about this 5% to 6% number. I think they still have that kind of a 
potential to grow. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sir, on the telecom side as well? 
Delli Babu Y: 
Yes, sorry. On telecom, there is no loss of market share, as I have explained some time ago 
because though there is chemistry migration happening to lithium, lead acid volumes are 
obviously going down. So the capacity is also getting retired to that extent because it is not going 
to be relevant anymore. Only right now, meagre volumes are being supplied. And we know that 
this journey, this is how it's going to happen. 
And in the next 2 to 3 years, if the lithium prices were to sustain at the same levels and there is 
no abnormal increase, then naturally, you will see that the overall telecom lead acid volumes 
will continue to de-grow. And we may see a situation where you may not really need to operate 
a lead acid capacity around the lithium. And as such, now it has become a very small portion of 
our overall business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Joseph George from IIFL. 
Joseph George: 
Just one question. When I look at this industry, it's a duopoly and when I look at pre-COVID, 
the blended margins of the 2 companies used to be about -- 15%. And now we have reached a 
stage where I think the industry margin is at about 11% or so. Given that's a duopoly, given that 

 
 
Amara Raja 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
post the GST cut batteries as a consumer category have become more affordable, do you think 
the industry will display enough pricing power to get back to the old margin range? 
Delli Babu Y: 
See, I think when we say old margin range, obviously, you need to adjust for the lead base 
because it would be difficult -- if we encourage that even at such a large lead base, if you continue 
to target huge margins in the range of, let's say, 16%, 17%, then obviously, you are inviting 
competition from elsewhere, which is what the industry was able to successfully avoid so far. 
So naturally, you need to balance that part also when we take certain pricing decisions. But 
nevertheless, the current cost headwinds, what we are seeing, particularly on the metal side, I 
mean the industry is taking its steps to really recover whatever that is possible to be recovered, 
and there is also, even on the large B2B customers also, there are those discussions trying to see 
how do we get this cost recovered from the market. 
So I think over a period of time, there will certainly be a margin improvement. But what level is 
something that I don't think, while from a company point of view, our target is clearly to move 
back to at least a 13% to 14% range. But from an industry point of view, obviously, that's not 
the right thing for me to comment on. That's how I look at it. 
Joseph George: 
Sure, sir. Just one question on the OE segment. So do you have automatic pass-through for lead 
price for OE contracts? Or is that subject to negotiations? 
Delli Babu Y: 
Yes, it is automatic pass-through based on the PVC contract that we have. But that's only for the 
lead, not for all commodities. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha Anand Rathi Institutional Equities. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Sir, continuing on BESS opportunity, sir. Sir, you mentioned about 9 to 10x is asset turn 
opportunity. So for the INR 2.8 billion capex, I mean, is it -- this 5 gigawatt kind of opportunity, 
something like, INR 20 billion to INR 30 billion kind of revenue opportunity, sir. 
Delli Babu Y: 
See, INR280 crores should give or take give about INR2,800-INR2,700 crores kind of revenue, 
assuming the current cell prices. Obviously, if sell prices change, even that will change. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it. Got it. And just want to understand, I mean, as of now any orders there in place? And 
over the next few years, I mean, what kind of ramp-up do you see for this utilization for this 
capacity? 
Delli Babu Y: 
As you know, it will be -- it will be a slow ramp-up. As you know, currently, if you look at the 
supplies it will not cross even a gigawatt hour. But there are multiple tenders that are being 
floated, and there are requirements evolving quick and fast because our own country solar 
capacity target is itself is about 500 gigawatt hours. 
So naturally, in the long term, this will be a larger play that will come into picture. And there is 
a good reason for us to be in this segment because it not only helps the solution business, it also 
helps the eventual cell manufacturing side as well. 

 
 
Amara Raja 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. Sir, on the -- you mentioned about as a solution. So along with the battery pack, so 
what goes along with that, sir? 
Delli Babu Y: 
There are other DC blocks, which basically act as inverters, etcetera. While, I cannot give you a 
technical description of it. There are other electronic components that will go into it, which also 
currently are getting imported. But over a period of time, there is both a policy push as well as 
possibilities of localizing them internally. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it. And this INR280 crores will be spent in next 1 year, right, sir? 
Delli Babu Y: 
Yes. It will be -- most likely we'll complete this by the end of next financial year. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. Sir, on the -- this quarter gross margin movement, sequentially, we have seen a 
contraction. Is it largely due to the increase in alloy prices or anything other factors, sir, for this 
decline in gross margin? 
Delli Babu Y: 
Yes, majorly around the material and the mix, while there are certain other expenses that we are 
continuing to provide for. But also, as you know, the tubular factory also has kind of commenced 
its operation last quarter. So there is some bit of initial ramp-up, admin cost and employee cost 
also hitting our P&L. But materially, it is around the raw material cost, which is actually 
impacting it. 
Moderator: 
From the next line is from the name of Vaishnavi Gurung from Craving Alpha Wealth Fund. 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
I wanted to understand our growth in the lithium ion, especially telecom side. I wanted to 
understand, can we grow as we did in the lead segment? And also one more question. Are we 
trading and manufacturing in this segment? 
Delli Babu Y: 
Yes. On the telecom packs, currently, we are trading them because we buy the cells and then we 
convert them into pack. Pack manufacturing is what we do. And then we sell it. From a growth 
point of view, it depends on the speed of migration from lead acid to lithium by all the telecom 
players that they are looking at. And as you know, recently, the lithium prices are also hardening. 
So how that will change the unit economics for them is something to be seen. But by and large, 
we believe this migration of chemistry is something that is here to stay. 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
So we do expect good growth from this segment? 
Delli Babu Y: 
As I said, that will depend on the migration plans of how much -- how many sites they want to 
migrate in a given year and what kind of chemistry change that the telecom tower players are 
expecting. But we expect that the telecom volumes, whenever this migration happens, lead acid 
will come down and lithium will, to that extent, increase. 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
Sir, wanted to understand what is our current market share in the telecom lithium ion market? 
Delli Babu Y: 
As I said, both lead and lithium put together, they are at about 55%. 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
But this is heavily skewed by lead? 

 
 
Amara Raja 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Delli Babu Y: 
No. I think they are right now with the kind of reduction that we have seen in lead, I think in 
lead, obviously, we'll be having higher market because there are only 2 players. From a market 
share point of view, lead market share will be higher. But what is important is what's our sectoral 
presence with both the chemistries. 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
Okay, sir. And my second question is on UPS. So are we planning to expand into lithium-ion 
batteries? And what are your thoughts on capturing the data center market, especially given the 
current demand? 
Delli Babu Y: 
Yes. Right now, data centers are definitely having that chemistry preference towards lithium. 
But currently, we are supplying our lead acid batteries to other segments within the UPS 
application. Right now, the lead acid batteries are growing at about 5%. So while I'm not able to 
confirm any immediate plans for cell manufacturing on the UPS side. 
We are trying to see if there are other packs that we can work on the storage side of it. One of 
those steps was on the BESS side. As and when we get into any specific application on the UPS, 
we will let you know. 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
So we don't have immediate plan to manufacture both telecom and UPS lithium ion batteries in 
hand? 
Delli Babu Y: 
No. When you say batteries, that's what we are doing today. It's obviously the cells part of it is 
something that we have to look at whether the scale that is available in India is a viable scale for 
us to really put up a cell manufacturing. As you know, cell manufacturing is quite a capital 
intensive story. 
And then we need to have the required scale for us to justify that kind of an investment. So those 
calls will be taken at an appropriate time. But I don't have a specific input to share you whether 
we will do it or not, obviously, it is in our radar. But those decisions have to be taken at an 
appropriate time. 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
Okay, sir. And just last question from my end. How are we anticipating further margin impact 
from rising raw material prices? 
Delli Babu Y: 
Sorry. Sorry. Can you repeat that? 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
Yes. How are we anticipating further margin impact from rising raw material prices? 
Delli Babu Y: 
Yes. As I mentioned earlier in the call, we have taken some price increase during the current 
quarter. So that should help us mitigate some bit of this problem. But I mean, we also need to 
see how the lead moves in the balance period. So if all costs sustain at this level, then we may 
have to think about if there is a need for any other additional price increase depending on how 
competition is behaving. But right now, we are again seeing jumps in the things like acid, 
etcetera, so which we will see how to mitigate as we move ahead. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aniket Madhwani, Steptrade Capital. 

 
 
Amara Raja 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Aniket Madhwani: 
Yes. So firstly, my question was on margins. So if we go to the numbers, if you compare Y-o-Y 
basis, there's a significant dip in net margin. So could you just clarify on that? I know you have 
mentioned in the starting regarding the EPR liability and the OEM product mix. So I just want 
to understand in detail what exactly was the reason behind it? 
Delli Babu Y: 
Yes. I think we have discussed almost 3, 4 times on the same margin question. So I don't think 
I should repeat myself again and again. Clearly we have said the raw material cost and the other 
expenses that we have had in this quarter, along with the OEM mix is the reason for this. And 
to compensate some of these impacts, we have taken the price increase. I think we have said 
that, I don't know if you have any specific details that you want to know, then maybe if you can 
be more specific, then I'll try to address that. 
Aniket Madhwani: 
No. That works. And I just wanted to know about the battery recycling plant? I mean, is it in 
line with battery breaking starting from Q4 FY '26? 
Delli Babu Y: 
Yes. Yes. The battery breaking is going to start from Q4. And as Swajitha has articulated earlier, 
the refining operations are providing that additional margin comfort at this point of time. But we 
hope after the battery breaking gets into full shape, I think we should see some mitigation of the 
lead cost that we are currently incurring. We will come back to you as and when those operations 
are up and running as to what impact that they are making. 
But of course, recycling operations are always kind of lower margin business. So we hope with 
the technology, what we have put in place, our recovery ratios will be better, and then we'll be 
able to improve our overall operating margins for the lead acid business. 
Moderator: 
The next line is from Professional Capital. 
Meet: 
My name Meet. And last time I have also asked the one question related with revenue. So at that 
time, you said that we are at the 10-year highest ever revenue and that is good. But really, I can 
appreciate. But when we are talking about growth percentage, we are just in the single-digit 
growth, although the last quarter government has introduced the GST rate cut in the automobile 
segment? 
Then we are seeing that the growth are -- we can easily see the growth in the automobile vehicles 
-- car and related vehicles, where they are increasing the sales, but we are not reflecting? Also 
we are selling our batteries, but why it is not reflecting? So this is one thing. And if we are 
growing at this kind of 5% to 6% sales then why our quarter-on-quarter EPS is not getting 
visible? 
If we exclude exceptional items which you have taken at INR230 crores, if we exclude that then 
last quarter, we did a INR235 crores for the profit point of view. And this time, we directly come 
at the INR151 crores only. So sudden drastic drop at 45%. So -- everyone is talking about sales 
growth? 
That is good. But why we are not converting that to the EPS part. So that is my question.  And 
are we thinking like only single-digit EPS growth only? We are not focusing on double-digit 
sales growth and the profit growth. So this is one question, sir? 

 
 
Amara Raja 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Delli Babu Y: 
Yes. I don't know when did I say that we are not focusing on growth and profitability. That 
obviously is the focus for any company for that matter. As you know, just because there is an 
OEM growth in a given quarter, it will definitely not -- if the OEMs are growing, which is why 
even our OEM business has grown by almost 25% this year, this quarter. So for the aftermarket 
business to reflect whatever OEM growth that is being happening today, it will take at least 3 
years hence. 
 
Now the second point that you asked is about the margins. The margins we have clearly 
explained why there is headwinds on the cost. And what we are doing towards mitigating this as 
well, I have already explained in the call. In addition to this, I want to add one point that without 
adding much of additional capex, we are trying to improve our own capacity throughput. 
Thereby, without spending more money, we'll be able to sell more batteries in the coming future. 
 
So from our future growth point of view, you know that we are trying to grow at least a 
percentage point ahead as far as the domestic market is concerned. And we are trying our best 
efforts in terms of increasing our international footprint, which is where we are facing certain 
headwinds. If our export business like we projected earlier, if were to grow at about 10% to 15% 
kind of a CAGR, then obviously, that will also reflect better in the overall margins. 
 
So it's a business currently, where there are certain cost headwinds we are facing so there is a 
margin dilution at this point of time. And as you also understand the lead base over the last 3 
years have kind of improved from about INR1,50,000 to about INR2,10,000. And even the alloy 
prices, which used to be around INR1,60,000-INR1,70,000 is now at about INR2,20,000.  
So there is a time and pace at which the industry is working on recovering from these cost 
headwinds, and I'm sure we are in the direction of improving the overall EPS over a period of 
time. And we have taken the decisions in line with those expectations. 
Meet: 
So, sir, if I take a follow-up question on this only. So we have just reduced 2% operating margin 
percentage. And also, we are discussing about the export related. So we are mainly focusing on 
88% at domestic level only. So 90% are of the domestic part only, and 12%, we are just 
exporting. So we can not focus on the foreign export still we can do the better. 
And in the December 2024, you did sales INR3,164 crores to currently, we are at INR3,351 
crores approximately INR200 crores sales increase and expenses are also INR200 crores 
increase. So why expenses are increasing in a similar way as the sales, but it is not directly 
reflecting at the EPS growth. That is actually my concern. And it should be reflected because... 
Delli Babu Y: 
My request also -- yes, please go ahead, yes. 
Meet: 
Yes. If we take about the 10-year EPS growth, then we have not done anything. Just 8% growth 
which is not able to be beat at least 1% or 2%, we are beating with the FD return. So what is the 
-- our business advantages. That is my point? 
Delli Babu Y: 
My request also is for you to look at the consolidated results because consolidated results also 
have the lithium business. The expense increase -- there are expenses that we are incurring 
towards the lithium-ion business development. If you are following the company closely, we are 

 
 
Amara Raja 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
spending close to INR100 crores on the lithium ion development and other construction 
activities that are currently going on. 
 
The second point is your suggestion that we should not focus on exports and then only focus on 
domestic market is well understood. I'll try to see how viable that kind of a suggestion for our 
business context because as we see the Indian market, growth is at a given level.  
Naturally, for us to really look for higher growth and better profitability because foreign markets 
require AGM batteries, which are a better profitable business. So that's the reason we believe 
there is reason for us to really grow internationally. But your suggestions is understood. We'll 
rethink about it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vaishnavi Gurung from Craving Alpha Wealth Fund. 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
It is again on the telecom side. You mentioned that we'll start manufacturing cells once you see 
a better demand. So since you mentioned that there has been a chemistry shift from lead to 
lithium, which is prominent, so what is stopping us to have in-house manufacturing of cells? 
Delli Babu Y: 
No, I have not said better demand. I've said that size because for lithium, with the capital 
intensity, what we will have, we need to have a given scale for a given cell type. So as and when 
we see that there is a -- and also, you should understand that the lithium replacement cycle is not 
as fast as lead acid. 
 
So taking that into account, we need to see whether that is the right time for us, only thinking 
about a cell only for telecom because if you look at the entire telecom today, if you were to 
convert it into cell demand, it will not cross 3 gigawatt hour. So for that capacity alone, if you 
put up a cell capacity. 
And then if you were to compete with our players also, will it become a subscale or are you able 
to find a cell which is common with telecom as well as other applications as and when we'll see 
that potential is when you should invest capital behind it. Otherwise, you will be doing a subscale 
activity, and we will not be able to be cost competitive. 
Moderator: 
As there is no further questions from the participants, now I hand over the conference to 
management for closing comments. 
Delli Babu Y: 
Yes. Thanks. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call. See you next time. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Avendus Spark, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may 
now disconnect your lines. 
