 
 
 
  27 January 2026 
 
The Manager, Listing 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 526299 
 
The Manager, Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. c/1, 
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: MPHASIS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor(s)/Analyst(s) call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Investor(s)/Analyst(s) Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, 22 
January 2026. 
 
The transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed at the weblink: 
 
https://www.mphasis.com/content/dam/mphasis-com/global/en/investors/financial-results/2026/transcript-
of-earnings-call-q3-2026.pdf 
 
The above intimation is also available on the website of the Company at: www.mphasis.com. 
 
We request you to kindly take the above intimation on record. 
 
  
Thank you, 
                             
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Mphasis Limited  
                                 
 
Mayank Verma 
Senior Vice President and Company Secretary 
Membership No.: ACS 18776 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D
MAYANK 
VERMA
Digitally signed 
by MAYANK 
VERMA

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Mphasis Limited 
Q3 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. NITIN RAKESH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MPHASIS LIMITED 
 
MR. ARAVIND VISWANATHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– MPHASIS LIMITED 
 
MR. VINAY KALINGARA – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
MPHASIS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and thanks for joining the Mphasis Q3 FY 2026 
Earnings Conference Call. I am Dorwin, your moderator for the day. We have with us 
today, Mr. Nitin Rakesh, CEO of Mphasis; Mr. Aravind Viswanathan, CFO; and Mr. 
Vinay Kalingara, Head of Investor Relations. As a reminder, there is a webcast link in 
the call invite mail that the Mphasis management team will be referring to today. 
The same presentation is also available on the Mphasis website, www.mphasis.com, in 
the Investors section under Financial and Filings as well as on both the BSE and NSE 
websites. Request you to have the presentation handy. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this being recorded. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks and 
uncertainties. 
A detailed statement in this regard is available on the Q3 results release that was sent 
out to all of you earlier. I now hand the floor over to Mr. Nitin Rakesh to begin the 
proceedings of this call. Thank you, and over to you, Nitin. 
Nitin Rakesh 
Thank you, Dorwin. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call this evening. Hope you all 
had a great start to the new year.  
The past year has been an interesting one, especially in light of the multiple changes in 
the environment as well as some exciting developments in the technological landscape 
with AI leading the way with the new tech stack under deployment. The nature of 
technological shifts underscore that every business is looking for opportunities not only 
to get higher efficiency using AI, but more importantly, to reimagine the entire business 
model to stay relevant to their end customers. Clients are recalibrating the classic 
managed services constructs as outcomes for plans to become more important than effort-
based services. Tech orchestration takes over early solution design and digital AI agents 
augmenting human workers becoming the norm. While seemingly disruptive, this also 
brings about one of the most exciting growth opportunities of our generation, especially 
for companies such as ours. Size and scale is no longer a disproportionate asset for our 
competitors. Technical competence and the ability to provide solutions that align with 
client outcomes using the blend of software, for example, AI agents and services, which 
are people-based become the key differentiator. 
We are seeing this duality playing out. While there is deflation of traditional people-
based service models, there's an extremely healthy appetite for AI-led tech solutions and 
AI efficiencies. While there is a strong desire to undertake significant estate reduction 
and rationalize service partners, there is an extreme focus on bringing in partners to build 
the AI stack, establish governance and guardrails while doing so. While some clients are 
already running pilots and Agentic AI, others have progressed to scale deployments. The 
need of the hour is a platform approach that orchestrates multiple AI capabilities across 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
the entire enterprise IT value chain; from modernization and deployment, to operations, 
observability and governance, underpinned by a living, breathing layer of connected 
enterprise understanding that unifies data, systems and processes to proactively 
optimize, modernize and transform business and IT operations. 
What we are seeing is AI adoption, capability and value creation happening 
simultaneously. To address this opportunity, we built and launched our flagship market-
leading AI platform, Mphasis NeoIPTM that is capable of all this at scale. Before we go 
to how NeoIP is gaining traction, let's take a moment to reintroduce Mphasis NeoIP, our 
AI intelligence platform integrating multiple Mphasis.AI Solutions. 
NeoIP enables organizations to – 
- Continuously evolve rather than engage in a one-time transformation program by 
making enterprise knowledge machine understandable,  
- Automate complex decisions, predictions and prevent issues before they occur and 
drive sustained innovation, 
- Empower CIOs and business leaders to shift left, embedding intelligence early in the 
software and operations life cycle to create self-healing resource-efficient systems 
that learn and improve over time, 
- And 
finally, 
integrate 
evergreen 
business 
intelligence 
with 
AI-assisted 
implementation, fostering continuous learning and evolution with every subsequent 
initiative.  
The platform creates a connected data-centric environment where AI and human teams 
collaborate to plan, build and manage transformation. NeoIP includes solutions across 
the relearn-build-run value chain of IT services. To name a few:  
Mphasis NeoZetaTM helps organizations overcome challenges of modernization through 
full transparency of the relearning process and creation of a comprehensive knowledge 
graph that constantly evolves throughout the lifetime of clients' journey.  
Mphasis NeoSaBaTM for agile AI agents for quality product-driven definition and user 
story elaboration.  
Mphasis NeoRaina for discovery and creation of target state architectures. 
Mphasis NeoCruxTM for orchestration of AI-driven load generation and quality 
automation; and 
Mphasis AIOps for integrated operations, including proactive incident prediction, root 
cause analysis and self-healing automation based on deep system observability.  
The entire NeoIP suite is supported by Business, Operations, Engineering and 
Governance agents and are also supported by Ontosphere, which creates a critical 
enterprise intelligence encoded with contextual knowledge based on domain ontologies. 
Mphasis NeoIP has accelerated record deal wins along with record pipeline of deals for 
us.  
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
NeoIP is designed to help enterprises start anywhere and scale everywhere. Whether a 
client begins by modernizing legacy estates, transforming IT operations, scaling cloud 
and infrastructure, accelerating application development or rewiring core business 
operations, every entry point intentionally converges onto a unified agentic fabric. This 
is what allows NeoIP to accelerate and expand enterprise value rather than creating 
isolated point solutions. Three core principles differentiate NeoIP:  
‘Start anywhere, Converge in one fabric’. Clients can begin with their most urgent need, 
IT operations, application development, cloud transformation, or any other such 
platforms and seamlessly expand into a connected enterprise-wide agentic estate without 
re-platforming. 
Second, enterprise knowledge as the foundation. Ontosphere Engine encodes 
institutional knowledge, enabling agents to operate with deep context, not just prompts. 
This drives precision, consistency and trust at scale.  
And third, plug-and-play within the ecosystem. NeoIP is architected for interoperability 
with hyperscalers like AWS, Azure and GCP, with AI infrastructure partners, including 
NVIDIA and with existing enterprise applications and partner ecosystems. 
We are already seeing this play out in the market quite nicely. Whether it's a large 
financial services institution, a global insurer, multinational investment firm, clients 
begin from very different entry points, yet all expand towards the same unified fabric. 
And as they do, the platform naturally becomes more sticky, increases wallet share and 
enhances margin leverage. With NeoIP, enterprises don't have to choose the right starting 
point. They simply start and every path leads to scalable connected solution, all the while 
compounding value.  
NeoIP is supersizing deals, and we are seeing good customer penetration across existing 
customers and prospects. To give you a sense of traction, our customer set leveraging 
the NeoIP platform represents clients that contribute more than 50% of our company 
revenue. 
It's been 12 months since we first spoke about how the AI thesis is playing out, especially 
in helping expand the total addressable market for Mphasis, primarily through these 4 
drivers. We want to give you some concrete indicators of our traction on our agentic 
platform-based approach.  
Our LTM TCV has doubled in the last 4 quarters.  
Our modernization pipeline, which was the first AI archetype out of the gate, is still one 
of our key archetypes, up 4x.  
Our large deal pipeline has been supersized and climbed 2x. 
In summary, pipeline, differentiation and hence, TCV all speak to the efficacy of our 
platform, especially driving this to some of our top clients in the ecosystem.  
Since the launch of Mphasis.ai pipeline has grown 2.5x, we currently have the largest 
ever deal pipeline and have strong TCV wins in this quarter as well, led by large deals. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
Despite strong TCV conversion over the last 3 quarters, we continue to add deals to the 
pipeline, which is now 69% AI-led. It is no surprise that AI is supercharging the pipeline, 
which has grown 66% YoY. BFS pipeline is up 98% YoY and non-BFS pipeline up 44% 
YoY. Large deal pipeline is up 91% YoY. AI-led modernization continues to be a big 
theme, as you can see on the chart. The strong growth in the pipeline provides further 
visibility to sustaining our momentum in deal wins.  
We continue to see high share of proactive deal wins as we stay largely focused on deal 
making and infusing a NeoIP platform into opportunities.  
Net new TCV wins for the quarter were at $428Mn. We won 4 large deals in Q3. And of 
the 4 large deals, 2 were over $50Mn deals. On the back of our AI-led propositions, our 
LTM TCV has doubled and now stands at $2.1Bn. Our TCV to revenue conversion pace 
has remained steady as well.  
Moving to performance by segment. We continue to push for revenue growth, which is 
anchored in our strong client mining model and tech-led offerings. Q3FY26 revenue 
came in at $451Mn with an annualized run rate of $1.8Bn+. 
Despite seasonality effect, revenues grew 1.5% sequentially and 7.4% YoY in constant 
currency terms. Our Direct business contributed approximately 98% of the overall 
revenue for the quarter. We expect the pace of revenue and deal conversion to remain 
strong, propelled by the Savings-Led TransformationTM theme. Growth momentum in 
Direct remains strong as well. Direct revenue for the quarter increased 1.9% sequentially 
and 9.6% YoY in Q3 in constant currency terms. Our anchor geography, the U.S. grew 
1.4% sequentially and 10.8% YoY in Direct, driven by ramp-ups in recent large deals. 
Growth momentum continues in the EMEA region. with a sequential growth of 3.9% in 
constant currency in Q3FY26. Rest of the world grew 5% sequentially and 17.4% YoY 
in constant currency terms of the Direct business. This growth is partly driven by 
increasing presence in the GCC ecosystem with some of the deals with global accounts 
being structured in the India geography. We are pleased to note that all geographies 
contributed to strong sequential growth this quarter. 
Our core service line, Enterprise Apps, now contributes to 75% of overall revenue and 
has increased by 3.7% sequentially this quarter. Direct Apps growth is driven by AI led 
modernization deals. ITO service line for Direct also delivered YoY growth of 9% in CC 
terms, led by ramp up of deals that have integrated build plus run components.  
Moving to our vertical performance: BFS and Insurance verticals continue the growth 
momentum. At an overall company level, BFS has grown 14.8% YoY. Overall YoY 
growth for BFS was impacted by the ramp down of our ATM business in India. Direct 
BFS grew 2.5% sequentially and 18% YoY, largely driven by wallet share gains in 
existing accounts and continued strong execution in new account wins. Insurance vertical 
continues the growth momentum with YoY growth of 36%. The vertical grew 8.1% 
sequentially and 36.6% YoY in constant currency terms. Combined, our BFSI vertical 
performance was a strong 3.7% sequential growth and contributed to 66% of revenue. 
TMT vertical sequential performance was impacted by seasonality but still registered a 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
strong YoY growth of 20%+ in our Direct business. At a portfolio level, our performance 
is in line with our expectations.  
Our client pyramid continues to improve, especially across the middle of the pyramid. 
On a YoY basis, we've added 1 client in $100Mn+ category, 1 client in $75Mn+ category, 
3 clients in $50Mn+ category and 3 clients in the $20Mn+ categories, respectively. Our 
client pyramid improvement is driven by wallet share gains in existing accounts, led by 
a strong account mining approach and large deal wins and successful ramp-ups in new 
accounts as well. 
On an LTM basis, our top 10 accounts grew 11.8% YoY, and the next 20 accounts grew 
13.5% YoY. Top 10 accounts grew 3% sequentially and the next 20 accounts grew 5.7% 
sequentially in Q3FY26. Last quarter, our top client sequential growth was better than 
the company average. In the current quarter as well, the top client sequential growth is 
better than the company average.  
We are not seeing any AI deflation impact due to our positioning as a transformation 
partner, leveraging our NeoIP platform, which is helping us participate even more in the 
customer spends than we did in the past.  
Moving to our quarterly financial metrics. We delivered to our philosophy of maintaining 
margins in a stated band while making investments for growth. EBIT margin remained 
stable at 15.2%. Operating profit for the quarter grew 2.2% sequentially and 11.6% YoY 
to INR6,089 million. In Q3FY26, our P&L includes an exceptional item of INR355 
million as a result of changes in the labour laws. Excluding the impact of exceptional 
items, EPS grew 9% YoY to INR24.6. Operating cash flow generation was $43Mn for 
the quarter in Q3FY26. DSO for the quarter was 91 days, an increase of 2 days QoQ. 
This increase is primarily due to unbilled receivables pertaining to milestone contracts. 
And as highlighted over the past quarters, it is very much controlled and planned to align 
with deal constructs since we have seen large corresponding TCV win growth rates. We 
expect DSO to trend progressively down over the course of 2026 calendar year.  
In summary, we had good growth momentum in Q3, driven by conversion of our strong 
deal wins to revenue. We achieved growth of 1.5% sequentially and 7.4% YoY in CC 
terms, while Direct business grew 1.9% QoQ and 9.6% YoY. Growth was led by BFS 
and Insurance verticals, supported by a steady ramp-up of large deal wins from the recent 
quarters. BFS grew 2.5% sequentially, Insurance grew 8% sequentially and the combined 
BFSI vertical grew 3.7% sequentially in CC terms. We also had strong sequential growth 
across all our geographies. Pipeline is at record levels with 66% growth YoY, of which 
69% is AI-led pipeline, reflecting the strong interest in our NeoIP platform offerings. 
Despite large conversions, large deals pipeline is up significantly at 91% YoY, further 
providing us runway for future deal activity and growth. We had strong net new TCV 
wins of $428Mn, including 4 large deals, 2 of which are $50Mn+. LTM TCV at $2.1Bn 
also gives us a strong track record to build on. We maintained our margin discipline 
within the stated band while investing for growth.  
We will continue our sustained steady conversion of pipeline of TCV and TCV to 
revenue. We expect to be greater than 2x of the industry growth on the back of our last 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
9 months performance and the strong direct correlation between TCV and revenue that's 
been building back up. We will continue our ramp-up of large deals in the upcoming 
quarters. And as such, we are maintaining our EBIT margin within the band of 14.75% 
to 15.75%.  
With that, let's open it up for questions moderator. 
Moderator 
Our first question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Hi, good evening, wish you a very happy new year, and congrats on a strong print. I had 
three questions. The first is in the deals that we execute with a combination of humans 
plus agents, do you believe margins can be higher? And when you think about this longer 
term, do you think competition eats that away or that's sort of sustained? So, that's the 
first maybe hypothetical and conceptual question.  
The second is, considering the strong deal wins and the ramp-up of those deal wins that 
need to happen, and the recovery from furloughs, do you think that Q4 could be the 
strongest sequential quarter for the year?  
And finally, just a question on why is the debt sort of consistently increasing? So, that's 
the final. Yes, thank you. 
Nitin Rakesh 
Sure, Nitin, thank you for that. I'll take the first two questions and Aravind will answer 
the third one. If I understood correctly, your first question was that if you're seeing deals 
being infused with AI, do we have room for margin expansion? Is that correct? 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
In the context of humans plus agents, in that context, yes. 
Nitin Rakesh 
Got it. So, I think the short answer is it definitely provides us some operating leverage 
as we start infusing agentic approach into the deal. Because what we're really doing is 
eliminating a bunch of human effort and crashing down not just the effort, but also the 
timeline, complexity and the accuracy rates are helping with that. So, the approach will 
definitely mean that we have operating leverage. But more importantly, what we're doing 
today is using that approach to unlock deals that probably were so far either too complex 
for customers to undertake or too prohibitive from a budget standpoint. As we create 
enough proof points and lighthouse programs, our confidence and our ability to drive 
forward a rapid deployment will actually help. I think in some archetypes, especially 
around modernization, we have a very clear idea of what the value capture path is. And 
can be moved from the way we used to price these to a different model where 
theoretically, we have the ability to price them better, and we are seeing that play out 
already in a few deal archetypes, but I think it's a little bit early to see that across all 
archetypes. But that's the direction of travel for sure.  
Now the next question from that will be, how much of that do we give back to the 
customer? How much of that do we keep? I think that's a never-ending debate, but reality 
being, if you have enough value being created, there's definitely going to be some that 
you will be able to keep back into your own P&L, and then you can choose to either take 
it in the P&L or continue to invest. So far whatever leverage we are getting, we are 
investing it back in the buildup of the platform, but I think at some point we'll have 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
enough critical mass and scale and proof points to be able to drive this in the direction I 
just talked about.  
The second question was around based on the deal wins, will Q4 be the strongest 
sequential growth quarter? I think directionally it seems like the answer is yes, because 
if you remember the guidance we did last quarter was greater than 2x and if we trend 
towards that, simple math will indicate for this to be the strongest growth quarter for 
financial year '26. Aravind, maybe you can answer the third one. 
Aravind Viswanathan 
So Nitin, if you look at right, while borrowing has gone up, the gross cash balance has 
also gone up. The reason we do borrowing is more in terms of mismatch in cash flow 
between the geographies. And we had a couple of payouts from an acquisition purchase 
consideration, which was deferred, came through in this quarter, and we used temporary 
financing, short-term borrowing to do that rather than send money from India, given the 
arbitrage of interest rates vis-a-vis the borrowing cost. So, that's the only reason for the 
borrowing. And it will keep moving up and down. We've seen kind of similar levels four 
quarters or six quarters back. We keep coming down and up. So, that's what I would say. 
It's not a trend per se. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Perfect, that's very helpful. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sulabh Govila from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead. 
Sulabh Govila 
I have three questions. So, maybe I'll list them out together. So, the first is that in this 
particular quarter, just wanted to understand that from your own expectations 
perspective, how did this quarter pan out versus what would you have thought at the start 
of the quarter? I just wanted to understand if there were any surprises that you witnessed 
during the quarter. And the second is that with respect to the top 10 client bucket, is there 
any particular subsegment or any client situation where one should expect any sort of 
volatility in the coming quarters? So just wanted to check that. And the third bit is the 
increase in headcount on the BPO front that you saw, should one expect any near-term 
tailwind because of that? 
Nitin Rakesh 
Sure, Sulabh. I think the question around did Q3 pan out as expected? I think if that's 
related to the fact that was seasonality in line with expectations, the answer is yes. Other 
than that, I think every quarter there are some surprises. As you know, managing a 
business will mean you will have to manage things, but from a seasonality perspective, 
it panned out pretty much the way we thought it was going to pan out. So, as such, there's 
nothing to call out in Q3. Again, we are pleased with the fact that following up on two 
very strong TCV quarters, we had another above-average TCV quarter compared to our 
historical averages. So, I think we're pretty happy with that. On the client subsegments, 
at this point, as I mentioned in the last quarter call as well, we are not seeing any 
significant or even apparent reasons to call out a subsegment that may be in stress or a 
segment or a client that may be in stress. There are no known headwinds at this point in 
time, which is why you're seeing all the categories of top 10 and next 20, both on a QoQ 
and a YoY basis, actually delivering good growth across all geographies as well. So, we 
feel good about the position we built with our top 25-30 customers, and that is reflecting 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
again in the client pyramid, which has moved quite well in the last two quarters, and 
that's showing up in both YoY numbers and sequential numbers in terms of the buckets 
that clients are progressing through. The third one around headcount increase, again I 
think we indicated that we are starting to see some life of activity, especially with the 
interest rate environment. So, that's one part of the segment in the BPO headcount where 
we have seen some increase in inflow. We also talked about a deal that came out of an 
existing customer, where we are actually setting up a mortgage origination unit linked 
very much to an agentic AI approach. Think of that as a first lighthouse client for an 
agentic AI-based origination platform that we are launching. And as we ramp that up 
across other customers, we probably see additional benefits. But I think the environment 
has been stable. A little bit more work to be done to see true tailwinds, but there's 
definitely upside risk if those tailwinds appear. But we're just making sure that we have 
the pipelines available to be able to actually capture that demand because we are seeing 
the indications coming through. 
Sulabh Govila 
Understood, sir, thanks for taking my question. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak 
Mahindra Asset Management Company. Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Hi Nitin, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is, any signs of change or 
improvement you are seeing in the discretionary spending side with the short-cycle 
projects and all? 
Nitin Rakesh 
Sure Sudheer. Again, over the last couple of quarters, maybe a year, I've actually said 
that discretionary spend, as we knew it, is unlikely to come back in the same shape and 
form. The way we are seeing spends today is - first and foremost, again it's too early but 
three weeks into the new year, it is very apparent that spends are going to be stable to 
slightly up this year. I don't think any clients is in a mode that they will see a reduction 
in total spends. What is also clear is, there is going to be a reprioritization of spends 
because they have to free up money in investing in the AI fabric, whether it is stack, 
whether it is migration to the stack, deploying new agents, software spends etc. So, I 
think there is new spend available, there is money being spent on buildup of the new 
stack. If you're aligned to that, to capturing that spend, you will see net new spends 
available to you as a provider. On the other hand, if you're on the other side of that trend, 
where you are actually going to lose more than you will gain because efficiency will eat 
into a lot of the work that you do for that customer. Then it's going to be a difficult 
situation. In that case, you will have to find a way to get behind where the spends are 
moving. So, I think the discretionary spend question is a little bit more nuanced at this 
stage, given just the early phase of deployment of the AI stack and fabric and extreme 
focus on driving efficiency using AI, while they build up the stack and start spending 
money on the other side of the house. So, again, based on our numbers and our deal flow, 
you can clearly see that we are actually gaining more, whether it is consolidation, driving 
large deals through ADMS, infra transformation, operations transformation, 
modernizations, and so on. So, I think it's a very interesting time and we are very pleased 
with the fact that we've been able to use this as an opportunity to play the challenger role 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
and open up areas where we were not competitive earlier because of price or scale or 
size. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
And secondly, on BFSI, impressive to see very strong performance despite this being the 
most furlough-impacted quarter. So, your deal ramp-ups that you are expecting over H2, 
is there any pull-forward impact into the December quarter or it is panning out as 
expected earlier, so there will be some push-up, buoyancy in terms of BFSI deal ramp-
ups in Q4 as well. 
Nitin Rakesh 
So Sudheer, it's very difficult to kind of look at every quarter and have a straight line. 
For example, last quarter I think some of you had a question around the fact that BFSI 
did not grow sequentially but remember it was growing so strongly for the past few 
quarters. So, I think the direction of travel is very clear. We are very confident based on 
the pipelines that this will definitely be one of the leading growth verticals for us both 
across Banking and Insurance. But given just the pipeline and the flow, I think we feel 
good about where we are. As such there was no pull forward or anything to call out. I 
think we are just executing the order book and busy in converting the existing pipeline 
into deals. So, we'll just continue to focus on that. So, as such, based on the question I 
answered earlier around Q4, I think you can see from there that we are expecting a pretty 
stable outlook in terms of the direction. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Fair enough. And just last, a bookkeeping question from my end, possible to call out the 
impacts of furlough this quarter? 
Nitin Rakesh 
I think it's best we don't call out the exact impact because I think then we risk the 
assumption that if the furlough was ‘X’, then it'll be added back to the line as is but that's 
not how the reality works. I think we'll have to just manage it. We'll have to just make 
sure that we are able to maximize whatever opportunity we have in Q4. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Fair enough, Nitin. Thank you and all the very best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a very solid performance in a seasonally 
weak quarter. Nitin, I got two questions for you, and then maybe one follow-up for 
Aravind. Over the past, let's say three, four quarters, our BFSI vertical has stood very 
tall despite, some hiccups in other verticals. I know your presentation mentions that 
we've been winning a lot of basically wallet share gains and also new wins and accounts. 
But in the vertical as such, over the past, let's say, two to three quarters, have you seen 
any change in the industry dynamics in terms of, let's say, the demand picking up, any 
green shoots in terms of more discretionary spend coming back? Any specific call out 
on regulatory spends maybe going up in either Banking or Insurance vertical which could 
help us sustain this growth momentum in the coming quarters, apart from, of course, the 
deal wins that we have, but which would maybe further this momentum in terms of deal 
wins as well as revenue growth. And after that if you can answer that, I'll follow up after 
that. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
Nitin Rakesh 
I think that's a fair question. So, it's fair to say that we were probably the first ones to 
callout growth in BFS. Actually, almost six or seven quarters ago, we called for a 
bottoming in that business once we saw the macro environment getting stable. And then, 
of course, in the last four or five quarters, we've seen some strong growth coming out of 
BFS and now Insurance in the last couple of quarters. Two things have happened there, 
one is, in general, the banks and financial institutions have been in a pretty strong 
earnings environment in the US, especially. Even in Europe as well, because the NIMs 
were so high that they were actually sitting on record spreads. So, that at least, at a macro 
level, kept a lot of the short-term cost-cutting pressures away. Of course, they were very 
diligent with the spend. So, it's not like there was the spending faucet was on. And 
second, the regulatory environment and the deal-making environment has been pretty 
strong in the last 12 months and is expected to be strong this year as well, whether it is 
M&A activity, IPO activity, and that has a direct impact on bank earnings and just the 
regulatory environment. Third, banks in general are early adopters of all new tech trends. 
And we are starting to see some significant programs; some significant numbers being 
outlaid. Some of them are coming from internally repurposed spends, and some of them 
are obviously, additional investments that the banks are going to make in creating a bank-
wide AI fabric or adopting capabilities across the value chain. So, I think it's a little bit 
of a nice complement of things that have happened in the banking space and has been a 
good space to play in over the last 12-18 months. And positioning wise, having the 
engineering positioning, having the ability to drive some of these solutions around 
transformation has definitely helped us gain, I would say, a disproportionate share as 
this spending has recovered, and we still see room for that as we go forward. Insurance 
is a little bit different in nuance depending on what segment of Insurance, but Life & 
Annuities, for example, is very interestingly poised because there is going to be a 
tremendous amount of effort on integrating the distribution with the wealth distribution. 
So, that overlap is starting to play out quite nicely. P&C, I think has had a little bit more 
of a trouble because of the high claim ratios. So, efficiency is number one in focus there. 
And then, of course, European insurance business has done well as well, purely based 
on the power of a proposition. So, we feel good about that segment in general as well. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. That was really helpful. My second question, Nitin, was our deal wins have been 
very strong over the last four quarters, almost double of the preceding four quarters. 
Now, your presentation also shows a good correlation between the revenue growth and 
the deal win growth. But if I look at the absolute amount, I think we've been reporting, 
even in this quarter, our deal win growth was more than 20%. Last two three quarters it 
was like almost double on a YoY basis. Shouldn't this kind of a strong deal win, should 
have led to a much higher growth in terms of YoY. Are there some of the deals that we 
won over the past couple of quarters - are they yet to basically ramp up and start 
executing, and we could possibly see an acceleration of growth when those deals start 
coming in. I know there's a correlation, but I think the gap between the YoY growth rate 
on deal wins and the revenue growth seems to be quite too high. I know it's not 
straightaway mathematics, but if you could just explain anything on that front, that would 
be really helpful. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
Nitin Rakesh 
Yeah, I think part of the reason we started publishing the correlation is because we think 
the correlation is going to continue to improve given that we are not seeing any client-
specific issues that we did see in the early part of 2025. So, that's probably the biggest 
delta between TCV because this is net new TCV growth, not all of it will translate into 
company growth, because company growth is the net revenue that you see growth based 
on all your ramp-ups and of course, ramp-downs. So, I think there is some of that playing 
in. Again, by simple math, you guys can do the same math, you eliminate the impact of 
one vertical on the overall growth, our actual revenue growth is well past mid-teens 
already. So, I think we just had to be patient. We have just continued to focus on driving 
deal wins, so we can grow around that particular issue. That issue is now behind us. We 
called for bottoming last quarter. It has bottomed. So, we definitely expect the deal wins 
to continue to accelerate the growth, and I called for that in my script as well. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Right. So, the deal wins that we had won, they are progressing as per your expectations, 
or do you think they could ramp up further in the coming quarters? 
Nitin Rakesh 
I think there's more room to go. They are converting, but these are transformation deals, 
if you sign a $100Mn deal and it's five-year deal, you may not see the exact $5Mn in the 
first quarter of the deal itself. It might take you two or three quarters to get to that run 
rate. But that's just the nature of the business. I'm not telling anything you don't already 
know. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Fair enough, fair point. Just one last question, a book-keeping question for Aravind. 
Aravind, in response to Nitin's question in the beginning, about the debt and the cash. 
While the debt has increased significantly, let's say, in the last four quarters, the cash is 
almost the same number. So, if there was, let's say, as you mentioned that the debt had 
increased just to pay for the acquisition, that it was a timing mismatch, the cash should 
have increased, the cash stands at INR3,600 crores, which was pretty much INR3,500 
crores last year. So, I mean in the last four quarters, we haven't added much cash, but 
we've increased the debt a lot. So, if you could just explain that what am I missing here? 
Aravind Viswanathan 
So, we had given a dividend of close to $130Mn. So, you need to factor that from your 
cash analysis, and that will kind of give the colour. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Of course, but that we gave last year as well. 
Aravind Viswanathan 
Obviously when you compare last year to this year, you will see that the dividend has 
got paid in July end. So, you will see that as a cycle going up and down. We paid more 
dividend also than the year before. We also increased our dividend. And there is also 
acquisition payouts that has happened. So, one needs to look at it from an operating cash 
flow. But if you do M&A and there are certain payouts on contingent considerations of 
past M&As that are getting paid now, those need to be factored because those will 
obviously reduce your cash. So, there are two elements you need to look at outside of 
the norm. One is the incremental dividend, two is all kinds of M&A related payouts that 
have happened over the past one year, and if you normalize for it, then that will explain. 
And some of these are contract acquisitions, not just the typical M&A. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. I'll probably take the other questions offline, but thank you so much for answering 
my questions, and wish you all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity, and congrats on a good execution. Nitin, the first 
question is what would be the penetration of the client in terms of modernizing the 
application with GenAI or LLM or the agentic AI? Just wanted to understand, do you 
believe clients are becoming more confident to touch the legacy, which they were not 
earlier in terms of modernization, now in the AI world? 
Nitin Rakesh 
Order of magnitude difference in the level of confidence and the appetite; for three 
reasons. One - if you were to do a similar modernization program in 2018-19, and we've 
done many of those, the typical execution period used to be between five and seven years 
to retire any decent-sized monolith application. 25-30 million lines of code, 40 million 
lines of code, or an application that was really old, even if it wasn't that large or 
monolithic. Because the biggest complexity there used to be relearning or reverse 
engineering that application from a logic standpoint. The second big impediment 
obviously was that if you're going to deliver this application back in five years, seven 
years, the risk is too high. It's like a black box modernization program. You probably 
won't see any new benefits for the first three years or so. And of course it's expensive. 
So, complexity, time and cost were all three big impediments. With the approaches that 
are now being proposed, clients have undertaken significant amount of early adoption 
work, tested it, validated it, we're still doing it, set it up inside of the production 
environment, done minimum viable programs to see if that works. Take a million lines 
of code and parse it and see whether we're getting the right accuracy. Does it work in my 
integrated ecosystem? Can it work with my stack? Yes, it works with Java, does it work 
with COBOL? Does it work with TPF? So, there are multiple different nuances to it, but 
in general, I think the appetite for doing these deals is probably up an order of magnitude. 
We are seeing it up 4x in our own pipeline in the last one year. And that's definitely 
opening up a lot of conversations for some really large programs. Now, of course we 
have to also be diligent because these are complex programs. You don't get paid when 
you sell, you get paid when you deliver.  
So, it's a combination of making sure that we understand the complexity, and we 
undertake it in areas where we have a high degree of confidence, whether it's a domain 
or it is a subdomain, right. So, in Banking, yes, we are comfortable in multiple domains 
but there are still other areas where it will require a lot more investment for us to be able 
to have the same level of execution capability. So, that's the way to think about it. Market 
is absolutely opening up. Partner channels are buzzing as well, whether it is hyperscalers 
or other partners. And I think it's a good time to take this proposition to customers 
because there's appetite to listen to new ideas and potentially construct deals. 
Sandeep Shah 
Okay, so if demand picks up, especially in BFSI, even application is 75% of our revenue, 
we could be one of the biggest beneficiaries. And just in the coming quarters, is it fair 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
to assume that we can have a broad-based growth because there is no portfolio-specific 
issues even outside furlough. The furlough would be recouped in TMT as well.  
And question, Aravind to you, it's good to see that your DSO also includes contract 
assets. I think none of the many other vendors include in the DSO, the contract assets. 
And just on the hedging, Aravind, wanted to understand because if I look at your EBIT 
margin ex of hedging, we are already approaching closer to 16%. Can you guide us what 
to model in terms of the hedging? I do agree rupee is depreciating, but any view in terms 
of average hedge rate, its benefit in the near term and in the longer term? 
Nitin Rakesh 
So, let me just address your comment around the broad-based growth. I think if you look 
at the current quarter, it was pretty broad-based and across verticals, segments and 
geographies. I think we have some more work through in a couple other verticals. As we 
fix that, we are very much focused on driving a broad-based company-wide growth, and 
again, pipeline to TCV, TCV to revenue. So, all said and done, pipeline is the lead 
indicator of that, and I think we are quite pleased with the progress we've made in the 
last three or four quarters on that front. Aravind, can you talk a little bit about the hedge? 
Aravind Viswanathan 
Yeah. So, Sandeep, we have a reasonably consistent hedging policy, which we hedge 
about 80% for the next four quarters, and a lower percentage for the four quarters after 
that. So, I don't think you will see a lot of change in terms of the benefit flowing into the 
P&L for rupee depreciation at least for the next couple of quarters, and then you will 
start seeing that play out positively after that. Obviously, from the time you have 
announced results from a mark-to-market standpoint between December 31 to now, rupee 
has further moved, right. So, it's becoming a little dynamic. But I think we are sticking 
to our hedging policy. I would say that you will see over a medium-term, this flow in, 
but you will not see too much of it flow in, in the next couple of quarters for sure. 
Sandeep Shah 
Thanks. Just Nitin, the question on the application modernization, if the market opens 
up, could we be one of the biggest beneficiaries because of the skewness towards 
application as a portfolio? 
Nitin Rakesh 
I think the market is really very, very big. I don't know whether we'll be one of the 
biggest beneficiaries, but we'll definitely be one of the leading contenders to take a lot 
of that work. We are also very focussed on stitching together the ecosystem that we 
require to win in that space. That is not something that you can just do by yourself. You 
will need an ecosystem of tech providers, cloud providers, infra transformation partners 
and so on. Context and complexity will require us to build that ecosystem. Stay tuned, 
we will make some further announcements as we go forward on how we are building that 
ecosystem to tap into the modernization opportunity itself. Thank you. Great question. 
Sandeep Shah 
Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja 
Just to prod you further with regards to the medium-term growth outlook. Through the 
course of FY26 you continue to see steady performance in financial services, you did 
have the headwind of the Logistics in one of the major customers through the year. If 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
you think about now or the foreseeable future, how should we be thinking about growth 
construct across industry segments? Does the BFSI momentum hold steady or intensify 
further? And then how do the other industry segments play out? If you could talk about 
the fact, especially given in the past, you have provided colour around H2 being better 
than H1 or FY26 being better than FY25, so that construct would be great to get your 
views on that. 
Nitin Rakesh 
Yeah, I think we will give you more colour on FY27 as it compares to '26. I think we 
were clear that '26 is likely to be better than '25 despite the headwinds that we were 
seeing. And that should give you confidence in the fact that you can see how the rest of 
the business has performed. And that's a good template to kind of at least assume will 
continue to happen in FY27 as well. So, again, too early to tell you what FY27 colour 
will look like, but you can see over the last two, three quarters of performance that we've 
truly turned our aspiration into some real numbers. And we continue to focus on 
conversion of all that sits in the pipeline that we can convert, and hopefully if we can do 
that in the first half of FY27, then obviously that sets us up really well for the full year 
as well, just like we did in the first half of FY26. So, I think fair to assume that the 
template that we have working for the last three quarters is the one that will continue to 
lean on for the next five, six quarters as well. 
Manik Taneja 
Great, thank you. And all the best from me too. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Girish Pai from BoB Capital 
Markets Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Girish Pai 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. Nitin and Aravind, just wanted to understand the 
investments in your AI platforms. What exactly are you doing? Is it OpEx or is it CapEx? 
Is it capitalized? And I've seen that between March 2025 and 31st December 2025, there's 
been some incremental growth in the intangibles part, and there is a significant growth 
in other assets. So, can you just explain these things? 
Nitin Rakesh 
I think it's fair to assume that the AI strategy is centering on intelligently orchestrating 
through our own platform, multiple third-party systems, integrating LLMs, proprietary 
solutions, and third-party assets. So, while there is a build component to what we are 
doing, a large part of the build component will actually run through our OpEx. But in 
some cases when we do have to integrate some third-party assets or we need to buy some 
third-party platforms to integrate in, some of that will definitely get capitalized, and I 
think we talked about that in the October earnings call as well. And maybe Aravind, you 
can expand on the second part of the question. 
Aravind Viswanathan 
So, that is the reason why we had this as an intangible under development as of 
September 30, and then when we launched the platforms on end of October, we placed 
it and that's getting charged off to P&L over a period of time. You would have also seen 
a little bit of a bump in the CapEx line item on the cash flow which also pertains to this, 
with some to go, but a large portion of that CapEx has also kind of got paid out, right. 
On the other assets, there are multiple elements to it, right. And we have had a lot of 
discussion on it between Q1 and Q2, largely around the large deals that we have made 
upfront investments and also in the nature of contract assets, where as we shift to more 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
fixed price projects, unbilled in fixed price projects come under contract assets till 
customer delivery, and we said that that would kind of wind down. And you've seen that 
in our DSO slide, as we get more and more customers, milestone approval. So that's a 
big answer. Not much movement on that line item in Q3 vis-a-vis Q2. So, this is frankly 
a lot of bump up that happened in Q1 and a bit in Q2 on the back of some of the large 
deals that we won. 
Girish Pai 
Okay. Just on earnout provisions. I think you said that some of the cash went into paying 
for some of the acquisitions you've done in the past. Just want to understand, over the 
last 12 months to 24 months, have there been any write-back of provisions that you would 
have made earlier? 
Aravind Viswanathan 
No, from an earnout standpoint. Not in the last six quarters for sure. 
Girish Pai 
Okay, last question. Nitin, the Trump administration is saying that they're going to buy 
back or, asking the GSEs to buy out $200 billion of mortgage-backed securities. Are you 
seeing any difference that it would make to the mortgage business of ours? 
Nitin Rakesh 
I think that's in a way, an alternate mechanism to bring down interest rates and provide 
more liquidity into the funding markets. If that happens, the volumes will pick up. If the 
volume picks up, we will benefit, and other than that, I don't see how it will directly have 
any correlation to our business. But if the net impact is increase in volumes, increase in 
home-buying activity and lower interest rates, then definitely we'll benefit. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now take our last question from the line of 
Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead.  
Rahul Jain 
So, my question is regarding this reprioritization of spend that you mentioned earlier. If 
you could highlight two, three factors which you think we have, which put us like on the 
right side of the spectrum on this. Of course, your deal win is a big testimony to that. 
But I'm asking about the same on a more sustainable basis that would ensure that we are 
on the right side on a more sustainable basis, beyond the current one year. And secondly, 
with this positioning and deal win, is it safer to assume that our growth rate from the 
next 12-month perspective could be meaningfully better than what we have logged in 
Q3? 
Nitin Rakesh 
Yeah, I think I'll give you the first answer. Second one, a little bit more nuanced. We'll 
talk more about it in the April call when we have a clearer visibility on FY27. But again, 
I answered that quite a bit in the sense that the model that is working, the framework of 
growth, the puts and takes and despite the puts and takes, our direct business is trending 
to double digit in Q3, potentially giving you a sense of what the template of growth is 
likely to be for the future.  
On the question around reprioritization, if you think about any enterprise now, three 
years and change after the launch of one of the most successful consumer AI products 
called ChatGPT, significant work has happened at every enterprise in understanding what 
this means to an enterprise, what kind of proof of concepts and experimentations that 
have been done, identification of areas where this can be implemented, and now they're 
in a mode where again different phases for different types of customers in different 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 
industries, but they're generally in a mode where this is beginning to become real inside 
of an enterprise. This has a top-down focus, and the easiest way to adopt this at scale is 
to effectively use it to drive efficiency because you don't necessarily need human labor 
to the extent you did to do the same tasks. You can upskill people and move them to 
higher value-added or revenue-generating tasks. Now, if you put that in context of our 
industry, squeeze the run, feed the change, is the model that has not failed since the 
digital era. Because you want to be able to automate existing tasks, you want to be able 
to shift left and eliminate manual operations. We saw that with standalone testing 10 
years ago, and we're now starting to see that with areas where you still had eyes on glass, 
humans monitoring cues, waiting for an incident, and the whole ITSM, IT operations, 
production assurance model was incident-based. In Cyber, as we have seen a lot of this 
has gone pre-incident and has to be done in a highly automated manner. So, we are 
starting to see something very similar play out in the entire ITSM value chain, in the IT 
Ops value chain. So, if you had a very large run book - production assurance, monitoring 
or production support operations, either on applications or on infrastructure, that I think 
is where you will see a lot of efficiency being demanded by customers. And that's what 
I meant by being on the right side of the trend.  
Structurally for us, because we are taking an AI-first approach, we are using AIOps to 
lead in, we are actually opening that opportunity set for us because we didn't claim that 
earlier because we weren't really very efficient in the lowest per ticket or per unit cost 
pricing model because we didn't have the scale in the business. And neither did we want 
to be in that business because it was people-centric; you needed people in tier 2, tier 3, 
tier 4 locations to keep the costs low. So, that's just the way to think about what this 
reprioritization means. Ability to orchestrate tech and use tech to drive outcomes is 
what's opening up these opportunities. So, for us, we definitely think it is not a one or 
two or a three-quarter phenomenon. It is something that we are structurally trying to 
capture using NeoIP as our platform. 
Rahul Jain 
Yeah, that's pretty helpful. Just one extension to the comment you have made. So, from 
a purely client spend perspective, do you think that the current trend could be that the 
spend might go up because you are moving into a current way of doing things to a 
different way of doing things as you articulated, but on a net basis from a two, three, 
four year perspective, the absolute spend itself could shrink because of the level of 
implementation of AI and then it will all be about market share gain rather than gaining 
from the spend expansion. 
Nitin Rakesh 
I don't see a scenario where clients will spend less on tech. I think if anything their spend 
on tech versus spend on people will be in favor of spend on tech. Then it is up to us to 
decide how to play in that ecosystem. All right, thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Rakesh for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 
Nitin Rakesh 
Thank you, operator. I think in closing all I'll say is, while strong plans matter, 
disciplined execution is defining success for us. This new year is not about just setting 
goals, it's about delivering results, building momentum, and strengthening our position 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
in a rapidly changing world. I've never been this excited or worked harder to drive 
results, and I wish you all Happy 2026 and look forward to seeing you all in the next 
quarter call. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. On behalf of Mphasis Limited, that concludes this conference. If you have 
any further questions, please reach out to Mphasis Investor Relations at 
investor.relations@mphasis.com. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 816B96A1-4DFE-43EB-8883-A0709EE1E95D
