 
Date: February 12, 2026 
 
The Manager  
 
 
 
Department of Corporate Relationship 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor P. J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai -400 001 
The Listing Department 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai -400 051 
Scrip Code: Equity- 532900 
NCDs-975107, 975202, 975251, 975329, 975437, 975640, 975865, 
976752, 977004, 977097, 977278, 977279, 977358, 977371 and CPs- 
730058, 730387,730411 
SCRIP SYMBOL: PAISALO 
 
 
 Ref 
: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended (the SEBI (LODR) Regulations) r/w Clause 15 of 
Part A Para A of Schedule III to the SEBI Listing Regulations 
 
Subject : Transcript of Conference Call held in respect of the Financial Results for the quarter 
ended December 31, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
In furtherance of our letter dated February 02, 2026, the transcript of Q3 FY2026 investor conference call 
has been uploaded on the website of the Company at https://paisalo.in/pdf/pdf/Transcript_Q3_FY2026.pdf  
 
Also, enclosed is the transcript (pdf) as attachment for ease of reference. 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Paisalo Digital Limited 
 
 
 
(MANENDRA SINGH) 
Company Secretary 
 
MANENDRA 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
MANENDRA SINGH 
Date: 2026.02.12 
17:49:01 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Paisalo Digital Limited  
 
Q3 & 9M FY2026 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 9, 2026 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANTANU AGARWAL - DEPUTY MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
MR. HARISH SINGH - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. GAURAV CHAUBEY - CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
 

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Paisalo Digital Limited Q3 and 9M 
FY2026 earnings conference call hosted by Arihant Capital Markets Limited. Let me draw 
your attention to the fact that on this call, discussion will include certain forward-looking 
statements, which are predictions, projections, or other estimates about the future events. 
This estimate reflects management's current expectations about the future performance of 
the company. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. From the 
esteemed management we have with us today, Mr. Santanu Agarwal, Deputy Managing 
Director, Mr. Harish Singh, Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Gaurav 
Chaubey, Chief Risk Officer. I now hand over the call to Mr. Santanu Agarwal, Deputy 
Managing Director, for his opening remarks, post which we can open the floor for questions 
and answers. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to Paisalo Digital's earnings conference call for 
the 
third 
quarter 
and 
nine 
months 
ended 
December 
31st, 
2025.  
 
Joining me today are Mr. Harish Singh, Executive Director and CFO and Mr. Gaurav 
Chaubey, Chief Risk Officer. Our earnings presentation has been uploaded to the Stock 
Exchange and is also available on our website. We hope you have had the chance to review 
it.  
 
We are pleased to engage with our investors, analysts and stakeholders as we progress 
through Q3 FY26 as we build on strong momentum while remaining firmly committed to 
inclusive financial growth. The operating environment during the quarter remained 
constructive for India's small ticket and MSME lending ecosystem. Over recent quarters, 
regulatory guidance from the RBI has reinforced the importance of disciplined 
underwriting, granular risk management, and responsible credit expansion. For institutions 
like Paisalo, with decades of experience in high-frequency, small-value lending, these 
regulatory directions are entirely aligned with our long-standing operating philosophy - now 
further 
strengthened 
by 
data-driven 
and 
technology-led 
decision 
framework.  
 
During Q3, demand across small ticket loans remained resilient driven by steady rural 
consumption, MSME working capital needs an improved cash flow visibility at the 
borrower level. The ongoing formalization of the economy aided by the digital public 
infrastructure and greater data availability continues to favor lenders with scalable tech-
enabled operating models. Our focus during the quarter remained on calibrated growth, 
maintaining prudent ticket sizes, tight portfolio monitoring and risk-adjusted returns, 
increasingly 
driven 
by 
analytics 
and 
early 
warning 
systems.  
 
From a policy standpoint, the Union Budget 2026 introduced several measures aimed at 

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
strengthening the MSME ecosystem. These included enhanced credit guarantee coverage 
under CGT-MSE, higher allocation for interest subvention schemes, improved access to 
growth and risk capital, and the strengthened receivables-based financing framework 
expected to deepen formal credit penetration over the medium term. While the benefits will 
accrue progressively, these initiatives reinforce confidence in sustained and high-quality 
credit demand from micro and small enterprises, segments that form the core of Paisalo's 
customer franchise. Finally, the broader macro backdrop, including progress on the US-
India trade agreement is constructive for export-linked MSMEs and ancillary businesses. 
Improved trade flows and supply chain diversification are expected to translate into 
incremental credit opportunities for small entrepreneurs and vendors over time. While the 
direct impact is gradual, we view these developments as supportive of long-term portfolio 
quality and growth visibility for Paisalo. 
 
Let me now turn to our strategy.  
 
Over the next 3 years, our objective is clear to double our AUM, income and PAT while 
preserving best-in-class asset quality. Importantly, this is not an aspirational target. It is 
anchored in a deep operating track record with asset quality consistently maintained below 
1% even through varied cycles. To deliver this next phase of growth sustainably, we have 
embarked on a transformation journey with artificial intelligence at the core of our 
operating model. We believe for Paisalo's next phase, AI will not be an incremental 
efficiency lever, it will be a central engine powering growth, risk management, compliance 
and operating leverage. Our strategy is to embed AI across the entire lending lifecycle, 
allowing us to scale volumes while strengthening control, improving unit economics, and 
preserving 
portfolio 
quality.  
 
Starting with customer acquisition, we are transitioning from a predominantly physical 
sourcing to AI-led acquisition engine. Advanced analytics and machine learning models are 
being deployed to identify high intent borrowers across digital, partner and ecosystem 
channels. This will allow sharper targeting, improved cross-set, higher customer lifetime 
value and structurally lower acquisition cost. Over time, this becomes a self-learning system 
where 
every 
disbursement 
cohort 
improves 
future 
sourcing 
quality.  
 
While our traditional sourcing channels, branches, business correspondents and partners 
remain a core strength, they are now being meaningfully augmented by an upcoming 
customer app and AI-based lead generation platform. The AI-enabled public customer app 
is under development stage, and the first phase of the app is expected to go live by the end 
of next quarter 3 of the upcoming fiscal year. This initial rollout will enable seamless digital 
engagement, repeat borrowing and self-service access to scale through an AI-assisted yet 
self-driven customer journey for both existing Paisalo ETP and new to Paisalo NTP 
customers.  

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
On the onboarding side, we are revamping our existing intranet-based branch and BC 
application to enable a fully AI-assisted digital journey. This will allow automated data 
capture, real-time validations and a compliance-first decisioning, resulting in a materially 
faster and more consistent onboarding experience. We expect this to significantly reduce 
turnaround time from days to minutes, while lowering errors and improving auditability. As 
we scale volumes, this AI-backed infrastructure will reduce operating costs, enhance 
consistency 
across 
geographies, 
and 
sustain our profitable 
franchise 
growth.  
 
 Our underwriting framework is going to be further strengthened through the deployment of 
our proprietary AI models that integrate account aggregator data, alternate data sources, 
geospatial inputs, and field intelligence. This will enable near real-time credit decisioning, 
faster disbursements and sharper borrower segmentation while retaining policy-based 
controls and human oversight. In parallel, our CCC underwriting model and risk 
frameworks are being enhanced by AI-generated signals and early warning indicators to 
enable proactive risk management. The objective is simple, grow faster without 
compromising 
credit 
discipline.  
 
Further, under this strategic AI-led acquisition engine, we plan to roll out a proprietary 
dynamic AI-enabled business rule engine that materially upgrades our credit decisioning 
and underwriting capabilities. Traditional BREs rely on static, hard-coded rules that remain 
largely unchanged across customers and market conditions. In contrast, our upcoming 
proprietary dynamic BRE will be an AI-aware decision engine that adapts in real-time using 
Bureau data, account aggregator insights, and deep customer behavior signals. The platform 
will continuously recalibrate credit rules using proprietary data and customer profiles to 
dynamically determine loan eligibility, ticket size, and tenure at the point of decisioning. By 
embedding advanced metrics, such as behavioral risk costs, early delinquency probability, 
and a credit under index, the system applies differentiated rules for different customer 
cohorts rather than a one-size-fits-all approach. This will improve risk calibration, increase 
approval efficiency, deliver more accurate pricing, and accelerate decision making while 
maintaining strong portfolio quality as the business continues to scale. It will also provide a 
scalable technology moat as Paisalo expands across products and geographies. 
 
Under portfolio management, we are also in the process of embedding AI models capable of 
detecting pre-EMI stress and early delinquency, supported by a unified real-time data layer. 
These models continuously re-rate borrowers’ risk using transaction behavior, bureau data, 
and 
geo-spatial 
trends, 
providing 
instant 
visibility 
and 
automated 
alerts.  
 
On the collection front, we have already implemented some of our AI optimized workflows, 
including Gen-AI led multilingual engagement. Today, we run approximately 350,000 
automated EMI reminders and collection calls daily, improving contact rates, recoveries, 

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
and 
cost 
efficiency 
while 
enhancing 
the 
borrower 
experience.  
 
The takeaway is simple, by embedding our proprietary AI models across the lending 
portfolio, we are lowering risk, improving operating leverage, strengthening compliance 
and enhancing unit economics end-to-end. This technology-led transformation gives us the 
confidence in our ability to scale sustainably, maintaining superior asset quality and 
enhance 
profitability.  
 
In parallel, we are actively evaluating inorganic growth opportunities aligned with our core 
strengths which can accelerate market entry, add complementary capabilities or deepen our 
presence in priority geographies without compromising on balance sheet discipline. Any 
such opportunities will be approached with a clear focus on strategic fit, scalability and 
long-term value creation. 
 
Coming to the quarter’s performance, Q3 FY26 was a quarter where Paisalo delivered 
consistent growth alongside visible balance sheet strengthening while continuing to scale 
distribution and expand product reach in a disciplined and capital-efficient manner.  
 
Our Assets Under Management increased to INR 55,082 million, registering 16% year-on-
year growth, reflecting steady portfolio expansion across income generation and MSME 
lending segments. Disbursements for the quarter stood at INR 10,574 million, reflecting 
sustained 
borrower 
demand 
and 
healthy 
sourcing 
momentum.  
 
We delivered our highest ever quarterly Profit After Tax of INR 663 million, marking a 
29% sequential growth. This performance was achieved alongside continued investment in 
distribution expansion and technology. As our distribution footprint continues to expand 
and our technology-led backbone matures, we expect operating leverage to progressively 
strengthen, supporting higher profitability and consistent long-term value creation.  
 
A key driver of Q3 performance was the continued expansion of our distribution network 
without meaningful balance sheet stress. During the quarter, we added 492 new 
touchpoints, taking the total network to 4,872 touchpoints across 22 states. This includes 
402 branches, 3,041 distribution points, and 1,429 business correspondents, enabling last-
mile sourcing at scale. Our customer franchise expanded to ~14 million customers with 
~1.6 million customers added during quarter three alone, reflecting strong on-ground 
penetration 
and 
improving 
sourcing 
productivity.  
 
We expanded lending across alternative fuel mobility, medical equipment, agriculture 
equipment, industrial machinery, solar equipment, and loan against property, enabling 
higher average ticket sizes while maintaining credit discipline. These OEMs and 
institutional partnerships support zero-capex distribution expansion, allowing Paisalo to 

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
rapidly scale physical reach by leveraging partner locations as origination and service hubs, 
without incremental branch investments. This model improves asset traceability, 
strengthens risk control, enhances sourcing quality, and delivers a sustainable scalable 
platform 
that 
preserves 
balance 
sheet 
flexibility 
and 
supports 
strong 
ROE.  
 
As our footprint expands, AI-led automation and data-driven decisioning are delivering 
operating leverage, sharper risk calibration, and superior portfolio diversification, 
collectively enabling sustainable growth and reinforcing our competitive edge in the 
underserved markets. 
 
Over the years, Paisalo has made meaningful and sustained progress in structurally reducing 
its cost of borrowing, reflecting disciplined liability management. Our cost of borrowing 
has declined from 13% in FY21 to 10.5% in FY25, reflecting a reduction of 250 basis 
points. This improvement is the outcome of diversified funding sources, deeper banking 
relationships and consistent operating performance.  During Q3 FY26, this strategy was 
further reinforced with the successful raising of INR 1,885 million at a cost of 8.5%, one of 
the most competitive funding costs achieved by the company in the current environment. As 
a result, overall cost of borrowing for Q3 FY26 declined to 10.3%, representing a 92-basis 
point reduction year-on-year. This steady downward trajectory in funding cost enhances 
margin stability, strengthens profitability, and provides greater flexibility to scale the loan 
book responsibly particularly in small ticket and MSME lending where pricing discipline 
and cost efficiency are critical. 
 
In conclusion, Q3 FY26 underscores our ability to scale responsibility while strengthening 
the foundation of long-term growth. Our disciplined approach to small ticket lending, 
supported by a resilient operating environment, expanding distribution footprint, and 
consistently strong asset quality continues to deliver profitable growth. As we accelerate 
our transition to an AI-first operating model, we are further sharpening risk calibration, 
speeding up decision making, and enabling scalable execution across geographies and 
products, positioning Paisalo for a sustainable compounding in the years ahead.  
We thank our investors and stakeholders for their continued trust and support as we build a 
more 
resilient, 
technology-led 
and 
financially 
inclusive 
company.  
 
With this, I will now hand over to Harish Singh, our Executive Director and CFO, to take 
you through financial performance in further details. Thank you. 
Harish Singh: 
Good afternoon and thank you. I am pleased to present Paisalo Digital’s financial 
performance for the third quarter and nine months of FY26. We closed Q3 FY26with a 
record Asset Under Management of INR 55,082 million delivering 16% year on year 
growth and reflecting steady expansion across our core income generation and MSME 
lending segments. Disbursements during the quarter stood at INR 10,574 million, 

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
underscoring sustained underlying credit demand and consistent sourcing momentum. Total 
Income for the quarter increased to INR 2,401 million, registering 18% year-on-year 
growth, while Net Interest Income rose to INR 1,453 million, up 19% year on year. This 
performance reflects a combination of portfolio scale-up, stable yields and improving 
funding efficiency. 
 
On the profitability front, we delivered our highest ever quarterly Profit After Tax of INR 
663 million representing 6% year-on-year growth and a 29% sequential growth. Profit 
before tax stood at INR 888 million, reflecting the benefits of disciplined cost management 
even as the business continued to invest in distribution and technology. Returns remained 
healthy, with Return on Equity at 12.6% and Return on Assets at 3.8%, highlighting the 
strength of the business model and the ability to deliver profitable growth alongside 
ongoing 
investments.  
 
For the nine months ended financial year 2026, Paisalo has delivered a strong and 
consistent financial performance, reflecting disciplined execution across sourcing, 
underwriting, and balance sheet management. Cumulative disbursement for nine months 
FY26 stood at INR 29,180 million, which grew by 21% year-on-year, supported by steady 
demand across income generation and MSME lending segments and improving productivity 
across channels. 
 
For nine months FY26, total income increased to INR 6,828 million reflecting a strong 
year-on-year growth of 18%, driven by steady AUM expansion and improving funding 
efficiency. Net interest income for the nine-month period rose to INR 3,960 million and 
18% growth year-on-year, which has translated into a cumulative Profit After Tax of 
INR1,650 million for nine months FY26, underscoring Paisalo's ability to scale 
profitability.  
 
Asset quality continued to be pristine and best-in-class, supported by robust credit 
assessment and well-embedded collection architecture. Gross NPA and net NPA improved 
year-on-year by 27 bps and 18 bps, respectively to well-contained levels of 0.83% and 
0.66%. Further, collection efficiency of 98.8% highlights strong repayment discipline and 
effective 
portfolio 
oversight 
across 
the 
portfolio.  
 
Our balance sheet remains strong, liquid and well-capitalized, providing a resilient platform 
to fund future growth. As of Q3 FY26, total borrowing stood at INR 38,579 million, 
supported by a diversified and steadily improving liability profile. The cost of borrowing 
moderated at 10.3%, reflecting enhanced credit strength and disciplined liability 
management. Leverage remains prudent with debt-to-equity ratio of 2.22x, offering ample 
headroom to scale the balance sheet while maintaining financial stability. Further, our 
Capital Adequacy Ratio stood at a robust 38.3% underscoring strong loss-absorption 

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
capacity and reinforcing our ability to pursue growth opportunities while remaining resilient 
to 
potential 
market 
volatility.  
 
We have scaled our balance sheet meaningfully, expanded earnings and delivered record 
profitability, all while maintaining best-in-class asset quality, prudent leverage, and a strong 
capital position. While sustained demand across our core segments, improving funding 
efficiency, and a robust risk and operating framework, we remain well positioned to 
accelerate 
growth 
in 
a 
calibrated 
manner.  
 
Thank you, and with that, let me hand over the call to the moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may click on the raise hand icon from 
the participant tab on your screen. We will take our first question from Sandy Mehta of 
Evaluate Research. Please go ahead with your question. 
Sandy Mehta: 
Good morning. Can you hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yes, Mr. Mehta. Mr. Mehta can you hear us. It seems there is a connection issue we do not 
have a response from Mr. Mehta. We will move to our next question from Divyansh Thakur 
of Finterest capital. Please go ahead. Mr. Thakur, please go ahead with your question. 
Divyansh Thakur: 
Sir, congratulations on a great set of numbers. So my first question was that you have 
guided for almost doubling AUM over the next three years. So given that quarter three 
disbursements grew only 7% year on year and AUM grew to over 16% year on year. So I 
wanted to ask what are the concrete levers beyond AI integration that will accelerate 
disbursement growth meaningfully. And sir what gives you the confidence that the business 
can sustain a 25% CAGR without compromising on the asset quality? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Thank you for your question, Divyansh. Can you repeat the second question? You were 
inaudible on the second question. 
Divyansh Thakur: 
Am I audible sir? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Yeah. Yeah, you are audible. Can you repeat the question? Second question. 
Divyansh Thakur: 
So, the second part was that, sir so first part was that disbursement grew only 7% and AUM 
grew about 16% year-on-year. Sir, so like what are the concrete levers beyond AI 
integration that will accelerate the disbursement growth meaningfully in the coming future 
and what gives you the confidence that the business can sustain a 25% CAGR growth 
without compromising on the asset quality. 

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you for your question, Divyansh. So if you look at the scaling of our AUM, 
we have scaled at a CAGR of about 20% on a year-on-year basis between FY20 and FY25 
while the PAT has scaled up at about a CAGR of 36% over the same timeframe. And if you 
take a 3-year AUM CAGR, we are at a 25% highly profitable franchise of 36% CAGR. In 
addition to that, when you look at the product and geographical expansion, we have doubled 
our geographical expansion over the last 3 years on a year-on-year basis and we have also 
doubled our product offering for the last 3 years on a year-on-year basis and we are going to 
be closing this year again by doubling our product suite by adding about five new products 
on top of the existing five products for which we already have some key institutional 
partnerships and three big pipeline partnerships with Eicher, Kirloskar and Sterling and 
Wilson. So a combination of all these factors, which is geographical expansion, product 
expansion and distribution will allow us to maintain our 25% CAGR of AUM expansion 
over the next three years and also remain a profitable franchise by giving a similar CAGR 
to all our stakeholders and investors. 
Divyansh Thakur: 
Sir, so we will not be compromising on the asset quality, right? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Absolutely not. So if you look at we have been, we are one of the few NBFCs ,which has 
for the last almost since inception been focused extremely high on the credit discipline and 
credit distribution. So we remain confident on maintaining those same portfolio levels. 
Divyansh Thakur: 
Okay, thank you so much. Sir second question was that, in the, if you see that our operating 
expenses have grown around 49% year-on-year, significantly outpacing the 19% year-on-
year growth in net interest income sir so given the ongoing investments in technology, 
business and a wider distribution network. So could you please outline when the business 
expects the operating leverage to start kicking in and showing? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
So see, we have like I was telling in the previous question also, we have doubled our 
geography, product, distribution platform as well as our technological stack. So all of that 
obviously requires the operational leverage go up a little bit. So in the medium term, we 
have guided that we will be maintaining almost similar operational leverages. And by the 
time we achieve our three-year strategic roadmap map outlook, we should see stabilization 
in these levels. 
Divyansh Thakur: 
Okay, sir that is it from my end and all the best. 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We will take our next question from Sandy Mehta of Evaluate 
Research.  

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Sandy Mehta: 
Congratulations on a solid set of results and more importantly, a strong outlook. First 
question is SBI reported strong results last week and they raised their loan guidance. So can 
you comment on your co-lending partnership with SBI? And you had earlier indicated that 
expansion into MSME loans would take place, I think on the fourth quarter currently or Q1. 
How is that going and what impact will that have going forward on your loans and 
profitability? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Thank you for joining in, Sandy. So yes, SBI did report a great set of numbers. Coming to 
the question, we are still bullish on our co-lending outlook. However, looking at the recent 
guideline which the RBI has released on co-lending, we are awaiting the outlook of the 
bank in terms of expanding the same. So although we had guided that the new SBI-MSME 
co-lending partnership shall start from quarter 4, we are still in the process of integrating 
our systems with their systems and hopefully we should be able to start it in quarter 1 as of 
now. 
Sandy Mehta: 
Okay, and if that does start, what kind of jump in loans do you expect or what kind of 
activity do you expect with that? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Our target is irrespective of how and where we are sourcing. So we should be able to 
achieve the same irrespective of the agreement getting live in quarter 4 or quarter 1. That 
tie-up should aid in additional incremental growth over the existing targets. 
Sandy Mehta: 
And my second question is, can you comment on the outlook for your net interest margins 
given lower interest rates in the overall economy? Talking about re-pricing of loans we 
have seen that the cost of borrowing has come down, but what are you seeing on the 
repricing of loans, please? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
So see, we have been able to raise about Rs.188 Crores last quarter in a mix of NCDs and 
CPEs at 8.5%, which has been a fairly good achievement for the company. In terms of our 
NIM outlook, we had projected and guided for about a 6% NIM achievement on the full 
year basis. So we have already achieved the same. So we are going to maintain the same for 
this year. 
Sandy Mehta: 
All right. Okay great. Thank you. All the best. 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We will take our next question from Mr. Anurag Patil, who is an 
individual investor. Mr. Patil, please go ahead with your question. Yes, Mr. Patil, please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Anurag Patil: 
So thank you for this opportunity and congratulations for a good set of numbers. So my first 
question is, according to your presentation on the slide 26, you have mentioned that you are 
also now offering a new loans against new products, right? About five new products. I want 
to understand if the yields on these products are similar to the previous or existing offering 
that you were doing. 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Thank you Anurag ji, thank you for coming, taking on the call. Yes, the yields will remain 
largely the same. 
Anurag Patil: 
Okay, thank you. And my second question would be, you have guided that you want to 
reduce the cost of borrowing further. So I would like to understand what is your strategy for 
getting this done? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
So see, as you saw in the last quarter, we raised about Rs.188 Crores at 8.5%, which were 
between a combination of NCDs and CPs. So the company is going to be actively targeting 
the same segment. And we are very proud to also say the fact that other than more than one-
and-a-half lakh shareholders that the company has now the company has also more than 
2,000 debenture holders. So leveraging on that existing distribution platform that the 
company has been able to successfully build over the last one year, we feel that a 
combination of NCDs and CPs will help us further reduce the cost of funds. Thank you. 
Anurag Patil: 
So the cost of borrowing will further go down right from around 10 odd percent right now. 
And you are taking up now about 8.5%, your borrowing funds on 8.5%. So it would further 
come down as I understand. 
Santanu Agarwal: 
See, I cannot give an exact future outlook, but I can tell you this much that our full year 
target for this year cost of borrowing, which was given in quarter one of this year was 
10.5%. So we have already achieved it and we are at 10.3%. 
Anurag Patil: 
Okay, that is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We will take our next question from Rahul Gupta of Alpha Capital. 
Mr. Gupta, please unmute your microphone. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Gupta: 
Sir my first question is on ROA. So it dropped from 4.4% to 3.8% YoY. What is causing 
this decline and can the business sustainably return to 4% plus ROA while still investing 
heavily in AI and distribution sir. 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Hello. Yeah, Rahul ji, you are not audible. Can you repeat the question? 
Rahul Gupta: 
Yeah, so my question is on ROA. ROA dropped from 4.4% to 3.8% YoY. What is causing 
this decline and can the business sustainably return to 4% plus ROA sir? 

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Harish Singh: 
Yeah, actually, our total balance sheet size has increased by around 30% in comparison to 
the previous financial figures. So, you will find a little bit drop in that particular figure, but 
we hope to get back the same within the next coming years, you can say. Actually, we 
cannot give forward looking any further statement in this regard. Thank you. 
Rahul Gupta: 
So my next second question is on the states. So the states, the five geographies like Delhi, 
Maharashtra, Haryana, Rajasthan and UP, they account for 90% of our portfolio. So what 
risk mitigation exists for this geographical concentration? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
So see, Rahul ji, if you look at about, if you look at a three year, four year scale over the last 
four fiscal years, you will see that on an overall basis, the concentration of Delhi, UP, 
Maharashtra, Haryana and Rajasthan has been pretty much coming down on a year-on-year 
basis, wherein we have actually gone from having a strong portfolio concentration in Delhi 
and UP to being able to reduce almost all these states below 20% except Delhi, which we 
should be also able to reduce and have added about 8.2% in the other states where we are 
expanding our geographical presence. So if you look at it from a long-term standpoint, it is 
very difficult to compare Uttar Pradesh with let us say a state like Goa because the 
population density and the people progression is totally different. So, while we do expect to 
have geographical expansion and portfolio concentration further getting reduced, wherein 
each state is contributing less than 20% on the overall level, we do still expect some of 
these large states with high population density to be a big contributor to our growth. 
Rahul Gupta: 
Okay, sir, but my question came because our like touch points are going up but the 
diversification is not increasing, sir. 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Absolutely. So, see the touch point structure is based on three parameters, which is the 
branch, distribution point and business correspondent point. So, branch for us is OpEx and 
CAPEX driven business. Distribution point for us is only OpEx driven business while 
business correspondent for us is no OpEx, no CAPEX business. Typically, when we enter a 
geography, we will enter it through a Business Correspondent, try and see what is the 
banking literacy, offer Banking-as-a-Service there, figure out what kind of expansion we 
can do and then tie up at a OEM level on the distribution point. So lets say if we are 
entering a state in Kerala, while we may have two or three branches in Kerala, it may not be 
a big enough state for us to have a concentrated geography platform there. So that portfolio 
of Kerala will be parked to the nearest branch in Karnataka which is a large contributor of 
the state and being merged there. As the state expands in terms of branches, distribution 
point and business corresponding point, it starts to give a concentrated outlook on the 
geographical platform. So over the next three years, you will see that this strategy will play 
out well and each trade contributing less than 20% on the overall book. So that should be 
able to answer your question.  
Rahul Gupta: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We will take our next question from Harkirat Singh, who is an 
individual investor. Mr. Singh, please go ahead with your question now. 
Harkirat Singh: 
Yeah, my first question is like, what percentage of our loan is below one lakh rupees? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
What do you mean what percentage? 
Harkirat Singh: 
Like the loan amount that you have, we are disposing the loan, you have an AUM of more 
than 5,000 crore. So what percentage of your loan amount is below 1 lakh? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
In terms of numbers or are you asking on a portfolio level? 
Harkirat Singh: 
Portfolio level. 
Santanu Agarwal: 
25%. 
Harkirat Singh: 
25%. Okay. And like you have raised around Rs.188 Crores. So what percentage of the 
raised amount is used for portfolio expansion or for refinancing? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
The entire money raised will go into portfolio expansion. 
Santanu Agarwal: 
And the liquidity levels remain strong. If you look at our ALM position on all three ALM 
buckets, we have surplus liquidity available. So whatever the company is raising is all 
gearing the company towards an expansion. 
Harkirat Singh: 
Okay. And third question is regarding FCCB, like foreign currency bonds that we issued. 
So last presentation, you have said like 4 million have been converted into the shares, right? 
So what is the company's approach regarding the remaining amount? Would they prefer to 
convert into the shares or held till maturity? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
So see the FCCB conversion option lies with the investor. So if you ask what is the 
company point of view, yes, we would absolutely like the investor to not only that has 
participated in this debt risk to also participate in the equity rally in the company, but the 
decision to convert lies with the investor, not with us. 
Harkirat Singh: 
So like you are, you must be in touch with the investor. So what are their views? Can you 
share? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Yes. The investors are bullish on the company and will look forward to converting their 
shares with the passage of time. 
Harkirat Singh: 
Okay. That is all from my side. Thank you very much. 

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Thank you, Harkirat ji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, Mr. Singh. We will take our next question from Mr. Abhishek Jaiswal, 
who is also an independent investor. Mr. Jaiswal please unmute your microphone, yes 
please go ahead. Mr. Jaiswal can you please go ahead with your question. 
Abhishek Jaiswal: 
My question is like, I can see some very good sort of increase year over year in Assets 
Under Management and then there is a lot of increase in like a lot of good work done to sort 
of improve the touchpoints, but I see that like sequentially, our disbursements are coming 
down, right? And total income has only got up by 7%, like quarter over quarter, which is 
okay, but I see disbursements kind of taking a hit. And the other point, my other question is 
related to the other income, the commission, the non-interest income. When I see that non-
interest income from the like from the first release, it is not present in the investor 
presentation. I think that has completely vanished. Right. So can you give color on like 
what is going on, on these two questions? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
So see, so to address the first point, if you look at the disbursement cycle on a 9-month 
cumulative basis, they are up about 25%. Sequential degrowth that you see is slightly there 
because we could not disburse the entire lot before the end of the quarter, which have been 
rolled over to the next quarter. In terms of your other income outlook, the other income has 
primarily gone down due to the changes in the co-lending agreement as per the new RBI 
policy. Once that is up and running, we should see that growth starting again. 
Abhishek Jaiswal: 
I see. And like, what is the communication from SBI? I think there was a question, but I 
could not understand, like, what is the communication from SBI or a lack of it with respect 
to this arrangement? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
SBI is extremely bullish on the arrangement and so are we. It is just that the new policy 
requires some additional compliance from the regulatory point of view. Once that 
regulatory compliance is achieved for, we should be able to expedite the same. 
Abhishek Jaiswal: 
And that compliance is tech related, integration or? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
It is both tech related at integration level, it is at a borrower level also. Like for example, I 
can give you a couple of compliances that instead of opening a single loan account, now it 
is required that both bank and NBFC open their own 80:20 accounts or 90:10 or 60:40 
accounts as well as run a mirror account of the entire account on a single level. Second is 
the arrangement of credit bureau reporting. Third is that the bank's KYC norms being 
complying and being integrated into the NBFC's compliance norms on a back-to-back 
disbursement level that has to be achieved. So because of all of these, both NBFC and the 
banks are in a process to comply with the regulatory guidelines before aggressively 
expanding the same. 

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Abhishek Jaiswal: 
Understood. I think this does require more tech integration for sure and that might be some 
work. So I understand. Thank you.  
Santanu Agarwal: 
Thank you Abhishek. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We have our next question coming in from the line of Deepak Rao of 
KNR Securities. Please go ahead Mr. Rao. 
Deepak Rao: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. So, the question I had was in respect to inorganic 
opportunities. So, you had mentioned that you will be actively evaluating inorganic 
opportunities to accelerate market entry and add complementary capabilities. Can you just 
clarify what specific adjacencies or asset types you are targeting? What valuation discipline 
you intend to follow and what kind of synergy you are looking to add with these 
acquisitions. 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Thank you Deepak for logging on the call. So I cannot make a comment on the same, but I 
can tell you this much that from a point of view of geographical expansion, product fit and a 
strategic outlook, we are looking at expanding inorganically as well. 
Deepak Rao: 
Sure, sir. Any further detail you can provide on what kind of further acquisition we are 
looking at any sort of color? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Deepak ji, we will share the details as and when something materializes. 
Deepak Rao: 
Sure sir, thank you so much. 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from Mr. Anurag Patil, who is an individual 
investor. Mr. Patil, please go ahead with your question now. 
Anurag Patil: 
Yeah so my first question is I see the promoter has been increasing their stakes for a bit 
time so I would like to understand, is there further plan to do that? Secondly, are there any 
plans for bonus issues or buyback schemes to raise the sentiment of the stock in the market? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
See Anurag ji, so the promoters have this year added about 4.7% on a fiscal year basis and 
0.5% of that is in Q3 alone. If SEBI allows the promoter to increase their stake by 5% in a 
fiscal year basis so we are very close to that. So that is number one. We have gone from 
about 26% in FY19 to now holding about 41.7% as of 9 months FY26. So yes, we believe a 
lot in the company, we believe in the franchise model, we believe in the sustainable growth 
that we have, and we believe that what we are doing is right. So yes, the promoters have 

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
increased due to their strong belief in the company. From a buyback and other point of 
view, there is no such plan under consideration right now. 
Anurag Patil: 
Thank you for that answer. So my second question is on the collection efficiency point of 
view. So I see from Q3 FY25, we were about 99 and we have been doing pretty well and 
we are at about 98.8%. So I would like to understand this from an industry perspective, we 
are doing really well compared to our peers as well. So we have to understand what are the 
key drivers in our collection efficiency being better than our competitors. 
Santanu Agarwal: 
See there is a large in-house data management infrastructure which plays a key role in the 
high efficiency collection efficiency of Paisalo. So to give you a couple of things over there, 
we have a predefined collection path for field staff, we have backend collection support, we 
have branch manager and legal support, we have AI and ML analysis for collection 
performance, and we have automated collection triggers based on geo-spatial mapping. But 
on top of that, we have three stages of known stages, which is normal initial stages of 
delinquency and NPA level, wherein we have three or four different kind of parties 
involved which range from all the way from tech driven to legal recovery team. Also the 
third important point is a large part of the sales incentive which is accrued by the sales team 
is only paid for once there is a collection performance on the branch and on the state level 
as a whole, which ensures that the sales team is as focused on collection as it is on recovery, 
as it is on disbursements. So a combination of all these factors ensures that we are 
maintaining a robust collection efficiency. 
Anurag Patil: 
Thank you for that answer. And if I could squeeze in another question, from NPA 
perspective, I see in FY23, FY24, our GNPA was about 0.25 and 0.21 and NNPA was 
about 0.02 and 0.02 in FY2024. So it has come up substantially up now, but I understand 
because we were facing on industry level there was stress in microfinance and MSME so 
can you help me understand if this would go down to somewhere close to that or would it 
remain stable somewhere here? 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Anurag ji if you look at FY23 and FY24, they were extraordinary years for the company 
because what the company wrote off versus what was recovered far exceeded the 
provisioning levels. So that is an extraordinary one-off year. If you look at that 26 year, 25 
year track record of the company, wherein you look at the cumulative gross NPA and net 
NPA levels, you will see that as a standalone performance and a cumulative performance, 
we have been able to far outperform our peer group by having a gross NPA level 
maintained at extremely good levels of below 1%. Also, if you look at the industry as a 
whole, we have been able to maintain our asset quality really well. And on top of that, if 
you look on a sequential quarter-on-quarter basis, we were able to reduce our loan loss and 
provisions by 54%. So which goes to show that we are actively looking to work on the same 

 
 
 
 
Paisalo Digital Limited 
February 9, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
and we will continue to maintain good levels. We have always guided for less than 2% 
NPA levels and we are far, far below our guided range. 
Anurag Patil: 
Yeah, thank you for that answer. That is it from my side. 
Santanu Agarwal: 
Thank you Anurag ji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Santanu Agarwal for his closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Santanu Agarwal: 
So we thank all our shareholders, investors, analysts and Arihant Capital for taking part in 
the Q3 FY26 call as we build on the strong momentum while remaining firmly committed 
to our target of improving financial growth. Our presentation again has been uploaded on 
the Stock Exchange and is available on the website. We hope you have had the chance to 
review it and thank you again to Arihant Capital, our investor, analysts and stakeholders for 
participating in this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Paisalo 
Digital Limited, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may 
now click on the leave icon to exit the meeting. Thank you everyone for your participation. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose)  
 
Contact Information:  
ir@paisalo.in 
 
 
Registered Office:  
CSC, Pocket 52, CR Park, Near Police Station,  
New Delhi - 110019  
 
CIN: L65921DL1992PLC120483  
www.paisalo.in 
 
