 
 
 
February 15, 2026 
 
Scrip Code – 532832/EMBDL 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, MUMBAI – 400 001 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), MUMBAI – 400051 
 
Sub: Disclosure of transcript of earnings conference call held on February 10, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is in continuation of our intimation dated February 05, 2026 and February 10, 2026, regarding the earnings 
conference call of Embassy Developments Limited (“the Company”) held on February 10, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. 
(IST). 
 
In this connection, pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR Regulations, we enclose herewith the transcript of 
the said earnings conference call, which is being made available on the website of the Company. 
 
Please take the above information on record. 
 
Thank you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Embassy Developments Limited 
(Formerly Equinox India Developments Limited 
and earlier Indiabulls Real Estate Limited) 
 
 
Vikas Khandelwal 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
Vikas 
Khandelwal
Digitally signed by Vikas 
Khandelwal 
Date: 2026.02.15 21:27:33 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 31 
 
 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 10, 2026 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of 
discrepancy, the audio recording uploaded on the stock 
exchange on 10th February 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: Mr. Aditya Virwani – Promoter and Managing 
Director, Embassy Developments Limited 
 
Mr. Sachin Shah – Chief Executive Officer and 
Executive Director, Embassy Developments 
Limited 
 
Mr. Rajesh Kaimal – Chief Financial Officer and 
Executive Director, Embassy Developments 
Limited 
 
SGA - Investor Relations Advisor, Embassy 
Developments Limited 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 31 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and 9M FY ‘26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Embassy Developments Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aditya Virwani, Promoter and Managing 
Director from Embassy Developments Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Aditya Virwani: 
Good morning, everyone and thank you for taking the time to join us today. It 
is a pleasure to welcome you to our first earnings call as Embassy 
Developments Limited. Joining me today are Sachin Shah, our CEO and 
Executive Director, Rajesh Kaimal, our CFO and Executive Director and our 
Investor Relations Advisor, SGA. 
 
Our financial results and investor presentation have been uploaded on the 
stock exchanges and the company website and we hope you've had the 
opportunity to review them. This is our first earnings call as a merged entity 
and before we get into the quarter, I'd like to take a step back and share some 
context on the journey of the company and where we stand today.  
Calendar year 2025 was a landmark year for the company, marked by the 
successful completion of the merger between the erstwhile Indiabulls Real 
Estate Limited and the Embassy Group's development entity, NAM Estates 
Private Limited. Following approval by the Honorable NCLAT in January 2025, 
the merged platform was rebranded as Embassy Developments Limited or 
EDL.  
This merger was not simply about consolidation. It was a deliberate step to 
create a stronger, more resilient and future ready listed real estate platform, 
one with institutional scale, deeper operating capabilities and broader 
access to high quality markets. Through this consolidation, EDL now has a fully 
enabled presence across North and West India with established operating 
teams, active projects and on ground executional capability.  

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 31 
 
At the same time, it provides shareholders access to Embassy's home market 
of Bengaluru, India's largest commercial real estate market and one of the 
country's most resilient residential markets. The Embassy Group brings with it 
over three decades of experience and a proven track record of developing 
over 75 million square feet across commercial, residential, industrial and 
hospitality assets.  
The Group has built its reputation on quality, trust and thoughtful 
development and these values now form the foundation of Embassy 
Developments Limited. A critical part of this transformation has been the 
integration of the legacy Indiabulls project portfolio.  
Over the past several quarters, we have taken full ownership of these 
inherited assets and work systematically to bring them to completion. In the 
period leading up to and including FY ‘26, 6 previously delayed residential 
projects across MMR, NCR and Visakhapatnam reached handover stages, 
enabling more than 3,300 families to finally take possessions of their homes. 
For us, this was not just about completing projects, it was about restoring that 
confidence. We firmly believe that institutional credibility is built through 
delivery and through taking responsibility for inherited commitments.  
Today, Embassy Developments operates at meaningful scale with a 
presence across 8 cities, a portfolio of 40 plus projects and approximately 38 
million square feet of residential and commercial development. This includes 
over 30 million square feet of residential development and 7.4 million square 
feet of commercial assets supported by a land bank of over 3,100 acres. 
Our near-term strategy is clearly defined and deliberately sequenced.  
First, execution remains our top priority, completing ongoing projects with 
discipline and consistency.  
Second, we are focused on organic growth through new launches, with plans 
to bring about an aggregating approximately 41,000 crores of GDV to the 
market over the next three years, entirely on fully paid-up land already within 
the platform. 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 31 
 
 
And finally, we are keen to grow this portfolio beyond our existing land base.  
We remain highly selective, focusing only on high-margin, high-conviction 
opportunities. By Q3 FY ‘26, we have secured RERA approval for 6 residential 
projects with a GDV of approximately 13,500 crores, along with a commercial 
project at Embassy East Business Park in Whitefield with a GDV of around Rs.  
3,100 crores. We have recorded close to Rs. 2,000 crores of pre-sales in the 
first nine months of the year, and with the recent launches, approvals and 
existing unsold inventory, we remain confident of achieving our Rs. 5,000 
crore FY ‘26 pre-sales target. 
 As the housing cycle continues to show momentum, we believe Embassy 
Development has a strong opportunity to grow market share, and that the 
consolidation towards leading trusted brands will continue. With the team 
and the product pipeline we have in place, we are excited to demonstrate 
what the Embassy brand can deliver at scale. 
 
I would like to briefly provide an update on ongoing insolvency proceeding. 
The case relates to facilities availed by Sinnar Thermal Power Limited, in 2011 
following a court-approved demerger under which the power business was 
separated from the erstwhile Indiabulls Group and certain historical 
corporate guarantee arrangements linked to equity infusion obligations.  
Following the demerger, STPL has been part of the Ratan India Group since 
2011. Canara Bank has initiated proceedings against the company alleging 
liability for repayment of loans of Rs. 372 crore under an erstwhile corporate 
guarantee framework and filed a Section 7 application under the Insolvency 
and Bankruptcy Code 2016.  
Based on the management's assessment and legal advice, we believe the 
admission was not warranted on merits. The company has since obtained a 
stay from NCLAT. The next hearing is scheduled for 19 February and we remain 
confident in the strength of our case. I would like to assure investors that our 
company has adequate financial capacity to address the matter and we do 
not expect any impact on business continuity or long-term value creation.  

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 31 
 
With that, I now hand over to Sachin who will take you through the operational 
performance of the quarter. Rajesh will then walk you through the financials 
and after which we will open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Sachin Shah: 
Thank you, Aditya and welcome shareholders. I will now take you through the 
operational progress of the business for the nine months of FY ‘26, providing 
color on what we have achieved versus target, updates across our core 
markets and key milestones achieved during the period.  
We have launched three residential projects over the last nine months 
resulting in cumulative pre-sales of approximately Rs. 2,000 crores and 
cumulative collections of roughly Rs. 1,100 crores. During the quarter ended 
December 31, 2025, the company recorded pre-sales of Rs. 1,392 crores 
representing a quarter-on-quarter growth of around 240% and this was 
driven by recent launches and strong absorption in our core market of 
Bengaluru. Collections during Q3 FY 2026 were approximately Rs. 415 crores 
reflecting a 15% quarter-on-quarter increase.  
Our key residential launches this financial year includes: 
• 
Embassy Paradiso, a luxury plotted development within the master 
planned Embassy Springs in North Bengaluru. The project is fully sold out 
and achieved realizations of approximately Rs. 200 crores against an 
estimated GDV of Rs. 175 crores. This reflected strong demand and pricing 
strength in premium plotted formats for the Embassy Developments.  
• 
Embassy Greenshore launched in November 2025, also within Embassy 
Springs. It comprises of 878 units across 1.5 million square feet of saleable 
area and recorded pre-sales of approximately Rs. 804 crores within five 
days of launch with over 480 units sold as of December 31, 2025. The 
response validated our product strategy focus on larger layouts, good 
planning and premium specifications at accessible price points.  
• 
And lastly, Embassy Eden - Launched in December 2025, Embassy Eden 
is a premium villa development in North Bengaluru with 95 units and a 
GDV of Rs. 1,800 crores. The project has seen a remarkable demand with 
units worth Rs. 286 crores sold shortly after launch.  

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 31 
 
Each project is progressing independently with approvals obtained, 
construction planning to meet deadlines and disciplined capital deployment. 
 
We've also begun construction on Embassy East Business Park where we plan 
to develop 2.7 million square feet in Phase 1. This aptly represents the large-
scale institutional grade commercial assets that Embassy is best known for. 
As we move forward, we remain keen to increase the contribution of 
commercial assets to the EDL portfolio. 
 
We are on track for 4 new launches in Q4, 2 each in Bengaluru and Mumbai, 
including our marquee 1 million square feet 300 plus meter luxury tower in 
Worli called Embassy Citadel, which would result in total FY ‘26 GDV of launch 
projects exceeding Rs. 19,000 crores.  
Other upcoming projects this quarter include  
• 
Embassy Verde Phase 2 for which RERA approvals have just been 
obtained,  
• 
Embassy Sky Terraces, a development management project, a premium 
residential development in Hebbal adjacent to the sold-out Embassy 
Lake Terraces in Bengaluru, and  
• 
Embassy Serenity, a 111-unit managed residences in Alibaug for which 
RERA approval has just come in this month.  
Combined with the existing unsold inventory across ongoing projects, as 
Aditya also stated, we remain optimistic about achieving our FY ‘26 pre-sale 
guidance of Rs. 5,000 crores. Collectively, these projects provide strong 
visibility on execution continuity beyond the launches already completed.  
Mumbai represents an important next phase of growth for Embassy 
Developments. We recently announced an entry into the Mumbai 
metropolitan region with the Mumbai campaign in early January. Many of 
you would have seen billboards across the city. The three initial residential 
projects across Worli, Juhu, and Alibaug represent a combined gross 
development value of over Rs. 12,000 crores and a planned investment of 
approximately Rs. 4,500 crores. These will be our first residential 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 31 
 
developments under the Embassy brand in Mumbai. Our approach to 
Mumbai has been deliberate and execution-led, with an immense amount of 
attention being paid to design a hallmark feature that customers in 
Bengaluru have known Embassy for. Mumbai is also being approached as a 
credibility-driven expansion than a volume-led market.  
During the period, we achieved several important regulatory and execution 
milestones, including the occupancy certificate for 239 apartments at Serene 
Amara, a senior living project in Bengaluru developed through a joint venture 
with Columbia Pacific Communities. A key area of focus for us is free cash 
flow generation and surplus visibility.  
Across launched, upcoming, and planned projects, the company has an 
estimated project surplus of approximately Rs. 28,000 crores, it represents a 
net operational cash margin of 47% based on our management estimates. 
This surplus is distributed across OC and ongoing projects, new launches in 
FY ‘26 and planned launches in FY ’27 and ‘28. This level of cash flow visibility 
underpins our ability to fund construction, service debt, and pursue growth 
while maintaining balance sheet discipline.  
With that, I will hand over the call to Mr. Rajesh Kaimal, our CFO and Executive 
Director, who will take you through the financial performance, capital 
structure, and liquidity position of the company. Thank you. 
Rajesh Kaimal: 
Thank you, Sachin. I am pleased to walk you through our financial 
performance, liquidity position, and fundraise.  
Revenue and profitability.  
Total income for nine-month FY ‘26 is Rs. 1,495 crores and Q3 stood at Rs. 264 
crores. 
 Gross profit for nine-month FY ‘26 is Rs. 254 crores and EBITDA for the same 
period is negative Rs. 107 crores.  
This loss is due to higher cost of goods sold on two legacy Indiabulls real 
estate projects, Vizag and Thane Phase 1, and advance CAM (‘Common Area 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 31 
 
Management’) payments currently absorbed by the company, which we 
expect to taper over calendar year 2026. 
 
While the EBITDA impact is visible this quarter, our new launches are being 
executed at strong net surplus margins, and as the mix shifts towards new 
generation projects, we expect profitability to strengthen meaningfully.  
Collection and construction - 
For nine-month FY ‘26, our collection stood at Rs. 1,096 crores and Q3 
collection stood at Rs. 414 crores, representing a strong 15% quarter-on-
quarter growth.  
For nine-month FY ‘26, construction spends totals Rs. 868 crores, a clear 
reflection of our strong execution cadence and maintaining a healthy spend-
to-collection ratio of 79%.  
Fundraise and liquidity -  
We have closed Q3 FY ‘26 with Rs. 670 crores in cash and bank balance. Net 
institutional debt stood at approximately Rs. 3,000 crores, translating to a 
0.29X net debt-to-equity ratio. There is an additional Rs. 1,058 crores of 
shareholder debt outstanding as on December 31, 2025.  
Net institutional funds raised through debt in the last nine months of FY ‘26 is 
Rs. 880 crores and our liquidity position remains comfortable, supporting 
both construction activity and upcoming launches. 
 
This funding approach reflects our strategy of raising capital in line with 
execution needs while preserving balance sheet flexibility and maintaining 
financial discipline. In summary, the quarter reflects strong operating 
momentum, disciplined capital allocation and a robust balance sheet. We 
remain focused on sustaining cash flows, supporting project execution and 
maintaining financial prudence as we scale this business. 
 
With that, we would be happy to take your questions. 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 31 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. We take the first question from the line of Niteen S Dharmawat from 
Auram Capital. Please go ahead. 
Niteen S Dharmawat: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, what is the inventory of unsold projects 
and OC-received projects? 
Sachin Shah: 
Sure. Aditya, do you want to take that? 
Aditya Virwani: 
Yes. So, I would refer you to slide 12 on our investor presentation. Our unsold 
inventory is roughly Rs. 4,500 crores and our sold receivables is Rs. 4,000 
crores. And this is what we consider the first priority of the company is 
execute, unlock our receivables and sell existing inventory that the company 
already has. 
Niteen S Dharmawat: 
Okay. And on one of the slides, you mentioned about the GDV value of Rs. 
24,200 crores. So, this is across all the projects or there are some projects 
outside this also? 
Aditya Virwani: 
So, referring to slide 21, this is all the future pipeline of projects beyond FY ‘26.  
Niteen S Dharmawat: 
So, what is the GDV as of today? 
Aditya Virwani: 
So, the total GDV in the company stands at Rs. 52,000 crores. 
Niteen S Dharmawat: 
Sorry? 
Aditya Virwani: 
The total GDV in the company stands at Rs. 52,000 crores. 
Sachin Shah: 
And I would like to add over here that we have not included our second 
(commercial) phase of Embassy Knowledge Park in this number as well. And 
our land bank numbers are not in this GDV. 
Niteen S Dharmawat: 
Okay. And what were the approximate values of those? 
Sachin Shah: 
The reason we did not put them in there is because we are still working 
through what we develop and doing our planning on it. So, over time, we will 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 31 
 
come with what our plan would be and then based on that, we will come up 
with the GDV number on those assets. 
Niteen S Dharmawat: 
Okay. And what is the total debt at consol level? You mentioned about the 
gross institutional net institutional debt. So, I wanted to know specifically the 
debt at consol level? 
Rajesh Kaimal: 
So, the institutional debt stood at Rs. 3,700 crores and that is the institutional 
debt. Shareholder debt is approximately Rs. 1,100 crores. So, we are looking at 
a gross total debt at about Rs. 4,700 to Rs. 4,800 crores. 
Niteen S Dharmawat: 
Okay. And what is the plan to reduce the debt? How do we repay the amount? 
What is the timeline that we are keeping in mind? 
Rajesh Kaimal: 
So, most of these debts are project debts and from the collection, we will be 
paying this down over the next few years. While the shareholder debt is 
something that we are talking about, the two main shareholders, which is 
Blackstone and Embassy Property Developments are holding these debts. We 
are discussing with Blackstone as to what best to do, whether to convert to 
equity or what to do with this debt is something that we are still 
contemplating. 
Sachin Shah: 
Rajesh, I would like to add over here, if you refer to our slide 11, even our next 
three years projects provide a net surplus of Rs. 21,000 crores, which we will 
start seeing the cash flow for that over the next two, three or four years. And 
that itself would be sufficient to cover not only our cost of construction, but 
also then our debt repayment out here. 
Niteen S Dharmawat: 
Got it. Got it. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rusmik Oza from 9 Rays 
EquiResearch. Please go ahead. 
Rusmik Oza: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have three questions. First is on the erstwhile 
projects of Indiabulls. If you can just give us some ballpark, how much 
investments you have done to revive or the cost involved to revive the 
erstwhile Indiabulls projects now? And going forward, when do you feel these 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 31 
 
projects or the collections could surpass the cost or probably could generate 
positive EBITDA from these projects going forward? That is my first question. 
Rajesh Kaimal:  
Sachin, I will take the construction spend. In the first nine months, we have 
spent Rs. Rs.  roughly about Rs. 200 odd crores for the erstwhile projects of 
Indiabulls Real Estate and reviving them. 
Sachin Shah:  
And Rajesh, maybe I can add some color to this as well qualitatively. So just 
to give you some sense, a lot of the projects were 85% to 90% complete, but 
were not at the finish line. So what we did was we stepped in over here and 
just finished the project. There wasn't a lot of construction spend that was 
necessarily to be done, but the project just had to be finished out here.  
So Sky Forest is a good example of that, Indiabulls Blue, Thane Phase 1, Vizag 
project. They were all kind of 85%, 90% done and we spent, as Rajesh was 
indicating, Rs. 200 crores to kind of take them to OC stage. They have all 
received their OCs now. We have delivered these homes and handed over 
possessions and, in fact, created RWAs and societies also in many of these 
projects. So that's really the tough work that's happened out here over the last 
12 months in terms of getting it to this stage.  
And your second part of the question, which was, will we see any upside out 
here? I think Panvel would be a very good example out here of a project that 
was stalled for a very long time. So this is Panvel Park. I think when we had 
stepped in, there were almost only 50 people at the site doing construction 
work.  
Today, there are more than 1,500 construction workers out there and we are 
expecting our sales price, which originally was Rs. 9,000 to Rs. 10,000, to go up 
to roughly Rs. 14,000 to Rs. 15,000 out there. So yes, we do expect some amount 
of additional kind of surplus coming from the existing projects as well, just 
because of us coming in and stepping in and rebranding these things. 
Rusmik Oza: 
Okay. Thanks for that. So my second question is regarding the land bank. If 
you can just give us an update on the 1,400-acre Nasik land bank near Sinnar 
and plans to actually monetize some parts of that 35 or 70 acres land in 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 31 
 
Panvel. I just wanted to understand in the next three years, what kind of cash 
flows can we generate from monetizing some of these land banks which we 
own erstwhile? 
Sachin Shah: 
Right, sure. Maybe, Aditya and Rajesh, I can take this question. So as you know, 
we've got roughly 1,500 acres in Nasik where we were sent a termination and 
eviction notice by MIDC. We challenged that in Mumbai High Court, which 
then referred us to Nasik District Court and in Nasik District Court, we were 
successful in obtaining a stay against this eviction.  
While we are fighting with MIDC legally, we have also tried to – we are working 
through, talking to them and seeing how we can actually, amicably sort this 
between us. So those talks have progressed over the last several months. 
They are continuing to progress. Our neighbor out here was RattanPower 
India that built a power plant, and now that's been taken over by Mahagenco 
as well as NDPC.  
And so again, I think it's in the government's interest, it's in our interest to try 
to see if we can amicably settle this between us to then develop this 1,500-
odd acres. One of the key factors on this 1,500 acres is also that it's SEZ land. 
We believe more than SEZ demand out there today, there's demand for small 
industrial plots.  
And so our goal would be to solve with MIDC, get the debonding done with 
respect to the SEZ, and then basically do a plotted kind of development out 
here for industrial plots where we're kind of selling wholesale to retail. We've 
not really sat and worked through kind of what this would yield us, but we do 
believe, our cost in this project is roughly Rs. 70-odd crores.  
We believe, the multiple on this would exceed far more than what we've 
invested, even though that's been invested over time. So we remain very 
positive about this 1,500 acres kind of yielding a good net surplus for us 
because it's plotted and because there is a demand out there for industrial 
plots. 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 31 
 
 
And with respect to Panvel, we looked at our Panvel portfolio and we realized 
there are a bunch of land parcels that were not contiguous, while some of 
them, they had accumulated some amounts but maybe stopped at a certain 
point. So we're taking a strategic decision out here where certain parcels that 
we just don't feel today would be valuable to kind of spend more money to, 
aggregate. We sell those, which will be the non-co-assets, and we... 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have lost the line of the management. Please stay 
connected while I reconnect the management. Thank you. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we have the management line reconnected. Rusmik, if you could 
please repeat your question for the management. Thank you. 
Rusmik Oza:  
I think Sachin was continuing with the land bank monetization of Panvel. I just 
wanted to get a sense of that. And if also, in two or three years, if we can get 
a little ballpark, kind of estimate that how much money can be realized from 
monetizing this land bank, it will be helpful? Thanks. 
Sachin Shah:  
Hi. So, sorry, I got cut off somewhere. I think you heard my comments about 
Nasik, right? 
Rusmik Oza:  
Yes, that's right. 
Sachin Shah:  
Yes. So look, Panvel, again, you know, I think the land parcel that we feel that 
we can aggregate more and make contiguous parcel of land where we can 
do development is the one that we're keeping. And anything that we think is 
non-core, if it's non-contiguous, it's small amounts in a certain village, it 
doesn't have road connectivity. 
 
They had started aggregating these some time ago, but then it stopped 
doing it. Those would be kind of the non-core land parcels that we look to sell. 
You know, this won't be a big amount over the next year or so. But I think, 
again, like Aditya was saying, our focus is, we've already got a huge amount 
of land bank that's there today that we own, which we are converting into 
projects, which are long-term projects, planned projects, upcoming projects.  

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 31 
 
That's really our first focus. Our second focus will be then dealing with these 
land banks. Besides Nasik. 
Rusmik Oza:  
Thanks. And my third question relates to the commercial project in Whitefield 
East Business Park. It's a Rs. 1,100 crore project. I think earlier in the 
presentation, previous presentation, you all had spoken about tying up with 
the Embassy REIT, actually, or probably building on own. Can you just throw 
some light on the timelines and how this is getting funded and how do you. 
Aditya Virwani: 
Sure. So, Embassy East Business Park is a project that we broke ground on in 
Q3. We are in excavation stage. The first phase is 2.7 million square feet. And 
this will represent exactly what Embassy is best known for, which is large-
scale institutional commercial assets, these REITable assets.  
Yes, you are right. We had a thought about forward purchasing it with 
Embassy REIT. We have decided now to just build it out. And on completion, 
the management will take a call whether we feel we should exit this asset to 
the right buyer, and REITs are very competitive buyers, or should we hold this 
and build a little bit of annuity in this development company too. This decision 
has been pushed for much later, given it takes three to four years to build this 
asset.  
Rusmik Oza:  
A follow-up question is, you've spoken about building more commercial 
assets in this company. Can you give a little bit of understanding, going 
forward, maybe three years down the line, five years down the line, what could 
be the ratio of residential versus commercial and any plans to enter the 
commercial side in Bombay also? That's my last question. Thanks. 
Aditya Virwani: 
Sure. So, today the company would represent roughly an 80%-20% split 
between residential and commercial. And to be honest with you, given how 
deep the residential market is, I can see that 80%-20% continuing for the 
foreseeable future too, maybe 70%-30%, 30% is commercial. And we as 
Embassy are just focused on trophy-like selective commercial assets.  
We don't feel you can build commercial anywhere and everywhere like you 
could have done once upon a time. We feel now, so post-COVID and during 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 31 
 
this whole AI revolution, office has to be very selectively chosen. And if we find 
the right site and we are looking at many sites, we will definitely double down 
and back a high conviction thesis and do more commercial.  
But right now, we feel Whitefield ticks that bucket of being the right asset, right 
location, and right size as well to cater to these GCCs. So, we're going to 
continue building that. And if the right opportunity comes in Mumbai, if it 
comes in Gurgaon, if it comes in Hyderabad, this is the development 
company that's going to be building those large-scale assets. 
Rusmik Oza:  
Thanks. I'll come back in the queue for follow-up, if any. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Gaurav Khanna from 
CapGrow Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. Gaurav, please unmute your line 
and proceed with your question. 
Gaurav Khanna: 
I have some questions. First question is the cash balances are continuously 
reducing due to operational losses. And the second question is that you have 
given a guidance of Rs. 5,000 crores, but we have only reached Rs. 2,000 
crores in the first nine months? 
Sachin Shah: 
Rajesh, can I have you please take that first question on the cash balance 
reducing with the losses? I think that's the question he was asking. And then, 
Aditya, can I have you take the guidance on how from Rs. 2,000 we get to Rs. 
5000 by the end of the year? 
Rajesh Kaimal: 
Yes. See, on the losses, this is P&L loss. But if you see the cash balance, that is 
mostly money deployed in our projects for execution for a new project. What 
reflects the loss in the P&L is actually historical numbers, which has come for 
completion, OC, and possession. So, these are historical numbers, nothing to 
do with the cash balance. Our cash balance is pretty robust. 
 
What we are generating collections, we have roughly Rs. 2,000 crores of cash 
collection. Sorry, Rs. 1,000 crores of cash collection in the first nine months, and 
we see that increasing. So, that's not a correct depiction, loss vis-a-vis 
collection. Collection is pretty robust. Cash balance is pretty robust. And 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 31 
 
whatever you see a decrease in cash balance in the current quarter is mainly 
because of deployment in new projects. 
Aditya Virwani: 
And to answer your second question on how we reach our guidance of Rs. 
5,000 crores, that this company was a little bit heavier on Q3, Q4 going into it, 
and Q1, Q2 has been muted, given that most of our launches have been Q3 
and Q4. And now, as for Q3, we have secured RERA approval on 90% of our 
projects, roughly launching, by Q4, we would have launched Rs. 19,000 plus 
crores of GDV. And I think 12,000 of that will basically be in, so we feel confident. 
We have a really marquee, one in Worli, Embassy Citadel, that's seeing a lot 
of good traction. We only got RERA approval on 30th of December. But Q4 has 
been a great quarter for Citadel. We also have one upcoming launch in 
Bangalore for Sky Terraces, Embassy Sky Terraces. And then, between the 
launches at Embassy Springs, we've seen much robust demand. 
 
Frankly, not seeing a slowdown in the housing sector, has also gone much 
higher than our early underwriting. So, we still feel confident. It's two months 
away. We feel confident that we can hit this 5,000 number. 
Gaurav Khanna: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Rohit Chaudhary from Integrity 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Chaudhary: 
Yes, hi. I have a question. Beyond the Canara Bank fiasco, do you see any 
other  legacy issues that could come out to haunt us in the future? Have you 
done an evaluation on that front? 
Aditya Virwani: 
Sacin, maybe you can take it just by explaining what you and the 
management did in the interim of the merger process, and then I'll just add 
on to that. 
Sachin Shah: 
Sure. So, I think the key over here is while the merger got over last year in 
January, the two years before that, I stepped in to start cleaning up the 
company. And we spent a lot of time cleaning up the balance sheet, which 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 31 
 
has been completed, doing a change of guard of senior management, 
instilling HR policies. 
 
We had an independent Board that was running and looking after the 
company while the merger was being completed. So, a lot of the cleanup, 
including litigations and legal issues, had been taken care of. In our mind, it 
wasn't even a corporate guarantee. It was an obligation to fund, which had 
been fulfilled by the borrower itself.  
So, it should not have come on to us. But it's something that did happen, and 
it got us unaware. We actually believe that we have a pretty good 
understanding of the combined company, the erstwhile Indiabulls as well. 
And we don't expect really anything new. We do have certain kind of ongoing 
NSE kind of discussions going on with respect to certain past things. So, there's 
nothing new that's out there today that we feel can, again, create surprises. 
And we feel we're in pretty good shape out here. 
 
So, Aditya, with that, I'll hand it over to you to give your thoughts on this. 
Aditya Virwani: 
Yes, I think you answered it pretty well. So, I feel, we feel pretty comfortable 
about the way ahead. And most of the legacy issues are behind us. It took a 
little bit of teething issues for us to get to this stage. And we intentionally didn't 
start our earnings call for those reasons. But we now feel really comfortable 
that the company is comfortably in third gear, moving into fourth gear. 
 
And we actually feel that the next FY ‘27 is going to be a very exciting year for 
the company because we have so much pipeline of these launches that we 
have for FY ‘26, as well as a great pipeline for the next year too. And we can 
now build on this story and catch up to where Embassy deserves to be. 
Rohit Chaudhary:  
Thank you so much. I have one more follow-up question. Beyond 2030, so I 
see a lot of these projects getting executed over the next three to four years. 
What would be our strategy beyond 2030 to how we use our cash that comes 
in? Do we go for an asset-light model or an asset-heavy model, if you have 
any thoughts on that? 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 31 
 
Aditya Virwani: 
Yes, so maybe I can take that. Look, for the next three years, it's very clear that 
we have a lot of raw material to execute on. And whatever we do on the 
business development side is going to be very, very selective, especially at 
this time of the housing cycle, where we see land prices inflated and we see 
a plateauing on selling price. And this is quite normal in any cycle that we've 
seen in the past too. 
 
So in a sense, we're quite happy that we're not having surplus liquidity to go 
out there and buy lands. We don't feel that's the right strategy as a company, 
but we're being very selective.  We did one JD in Whitefield. It's a residential 
JD. We love those type of margins. We put in Rs. 50 crores as the deposit. We'll 
put in another Rs. 20 crores of working capital, and we can see Rs. 450 plus 
crores of surplus back to the company. So that is a high IRR deal that we like. 
 
We definitely want to do more of those, probably a little bit more asset light 
in the early days. But as we go on and as we build enough surplus, we want 
to actually unlock our land bank. That's one. And two, we want to go high 
conviction, buy lands where we can have a higher margin, play bigger 
games, create city style developments, create large scale office type of 
developments.  
That's the eventual plan post 2030, is to do more ourselves. But I think up until 
then, we'll be more selective, more asset light and focus on just making our 
brand known in these new markets. In Mumbai, we have two small projects in 
NCR. We consider them a pilot into NCR. We're building out a team there. It 
seems like the most obvious market to go deeper into after Mumbai. But right 
now, we have a great halo effect in Bangalore. We want to build on that. We 
want to take that into Mumbai, go deep into Mumbai with the right projects. 
 
We don't want to be desperate for any redevelopment. We feel the margins 
that too thin. At the same time, we're very relevant. We're in pretty much most 
deals being relevant and seeing if there's a play there for us. But I think we're 
going to take it step by step and not rush into it, especially at this time of the 
housing cycle. 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 31 
 
Rohit Chaudhary:  
Thank you so much, Aditya. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Siddhartha Barman 
from Sagun Capital. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Barman:  
Hi, very good afternoon. So most of my questions were already answered. It 
just asks you, on EBITDA level, we are not profitable. Is it because of the pricing 
pressure of the market or any demand supply mismatch in the project 
locations or anything? 
 Sachin Shah: 
Sure. Rajesh, would you want to take this? And maybe I can add to it if needed. 
Rajesh Kaimal: 
So as I said, the EBITDA margin that you're seeing in the P&L today, these are 
historical projects which have been completed, OC received, and now started 
handing over to customers. Or some of them are OC received and we are 
doing the balance sell-out. So this is not depictive of the projects that are 
ongoing now and what we have launched in the last two quarters. 
 
So I would say that all our current projects are good projects with high cash 
margins, excess of 45%, 47% to 60% kind of cash margins. We are seeing good 
robust sales in all our projects, especially Bombay and Bangalore. Sachin, if 
you want to add to that. 
Sachin Shah: 
Yes, I think you said it correctly. I think what you're seeing today as our EBITDA 
is reflected from our revenue number of Rs. 1,386 crores for the nine months. 
But when you kind of break down a cost of goods sold over there, the main 
bulk of it is coming from One Indiabulls, Thane and Vizag. 
 
And then, you know, completion of certain Golf City, Enigma, Indiabulls Blu 
projects. These projects have been in the pipeline for the last 10 years. They've 
just received their OC. So what's happened is the revenue was clocked 
several years ago in terms of the pre-sales number, in terms of the price per 
square foot. And the cost to complete, because it dragged on for so long, 
went on for 10 years. And finally, when the OC comes in, it gets taken into our 
P&L. 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 31 
 
 
So I don't think our EBITDA is reflective of what the company is doing today. 
The net cash surplus margins that we're generating on the projects today and 
how we're looking at getting cash surplus in the system over the next kind of 
two or three years, which will then obviously help us grow the business even 
more. So I think there's a big difference in kind of what EBITDA is reflecting 
versus where the company is operationally today. 
Siddhartha Barman: 
Okay, sir, understood. And one more thing, what is the average ticket size of 
our residential projects? And also the average ticket size of residential 
projects, specifically in Mumbai locations? What kind of ticket size we're 
looking for? 
Sachin Shah: 
Look, I think that's a very tough question to answer, because it's a micro 
market specific answer on what our price per square foot will be. But what will 
be in Thane will be very different than what will be in Worli versus what will be 
in Alibaug. So I think it's really dependent on the project and the location. 
 
I think it's tough to average it out across projects. That might not be the right 
way of looking at it. 
Siddhartha Barman:  
Okay. Thank you, sir. That's all from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Roshan from Inven 
Capital Fund. Please go ahead. 
Roshan: 
Hello, good morning. I just wanted to ask two questions. First is, when will the 
balance sheet show profitability? Because main investors look for profit, like 
from the last three to four quarters, it's in loss. And second is, why was the 
revenue hit by 50% this quarter? 
Sachin Shah: 
Rajesh, would you like to take this? 
Rajesh Kaimal: 
Yes. So because we are now closing out all the legacy projects, the balance 
sheet profit will take at least four to six quarters to show on the P&L. And as far 
as revenue is concerned, as I earlier said, we have limited number of projects. 
Most of our projects are OC received now. And what we are doing booking 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 31 
 
now is the balance sales that we are clocking and we are recognizing the 
revenue and EBITDA.  
So some of these new projects when it comes for OC is when you will see the 
revenue in the P&L going up. But you can progressively see pre-sales and 
collection accelerating at a much faster pace as what you would see in the 
P&L.  
Roshan: 
And one more thing, which Whitefield project, one of the CEOs had spoken 
about, that Rs. 70 crores investment and a surplus of Rs. 400 crores, when will 
that come into the sheet or when will the project be completed? 
Aditya Virwani: 
Yes, I'll take that. So we closed that JD in September or October of last year, 
and we're going to launch it in Q3 of FY ‘27. 
Roshan: 
Okay. That's a good thing. I'm just looking for some profitability numbers too. 
Thank you. 
Rajesh Kaimal: 
So Roshan, just to reiterate, while profitability in the P&L will be a little different, 
but the embedded EBITDA and profit in each of these projects has already 
started. So you can see the cash flow is something that will be relevant over 
here. You can see good collections, good pre-sale, good collection, and a 
good cash margin that we will be clocking every quarter starting from now. I 
think that will be a good benchmark for you to follow, as compared to the P&L 
revenue and profit. 
Aditya Virwani: 
And I guess, Roshan, if I could add to that, the way to look at it is any Embassy 
project that we have brought in, once we get OCs on those projects, it will hit 
the top and bottom line. The erstwhile Indiabulls projects like Visakhapatnam, 
for example, or any of the old legacy projects, because of the 
mismanagement, is hurting and reflecting today.  
So what's reflecting today is actually the sins of the last few years. And it's 
going to take some time, naturally, while Rajesh Kaimal had said four, six 
quarters, it could even take a little bit longer as more OCs of the Embassy 
projects come in and take care of that number.  

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 31 
 
So yes, unfortunately, headlines might not be great, but we are just focusing 
on pre-sales, on collections, on just basic business principles, and hoping that 
real estate investors who understand how accounting works will be able to 
see through this and understand. But frankly, there's not much that the 
management can do to remedy this in the short term. 
Roshan:  
Okay, understood. I got it. I got your point. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Kevin Gandhi from 
Capgrow Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Kevin Gandhi: 
Sir, I had a couple of questions. So basically, I actually missed out on the point 
of your comment on the Nasik and the Panvel projects. So can you just please 
repeat, what is the plan's land parcels? 
Sachin Shah: 
So look, Nasik is roughly 1,500 odd acres, and our plan is to figure out how to 
amicably reach a resolution with MIDC and the government to solve this, 
right? Can you hear me? 
Rajesh Kaimal: 
I think we can hear you, Sachin, but I think Kevin's line is a little bad. 
Moderator: 
Kevin has left the question queue, sir. We'll move on to the next question which 
is from the line of Amish Kanani from Knowise Investment Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Amish Kanani: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Congratulations on a successful integration of the company. And 
also, congratulations on continuously updating the investors, at least through 
the presentations that we have been seeing all these quarters. And also, 
again, congratulations on starting the conference so that we get the clarity 
on the company's progress. I have two questions, sir. 
 
One, Worli project, we had seen through press release that we had received 
RERA. But it's such a large project and such a marquee, maybe evaluation, 
maybe launch price of between Rs. 80,000 to a lakh of rupees. What is holding 
the launch, if at all, or is it a soft launch? And maybe we'll announce the 
collection in due course of time. So, one specific to Worli, if you can give us 
some update of where are we and when will we launch a soft launch?  

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 31 
 
And is it a typical MOU type of sales that Godrej Group does in Mumbai? And, 
sir, we have a medium term GDV and pre-sales target versus pre-sales and 
GDV target for this year. If you can give us some early indication, if possible, 
what kind of GDV or pre-sales is possible in FY ‘27? Or should we deduct the 
three-year target minus this year's target and deduce something on FY ‘27? 
Sachin Shah:  
Let me maybe take a cut in, Aditya, you can step in. So, look, I think, with 
respect to the Bombay launch, we were just waiting for RERA approval, which 
came, as Aditya was saying, on December 30th of last quarter. And so, in 
January, we started our Mumbai campaign. You should be seeing our 
hoardings all across the city.  
And so, Mumbai pre-sales have started for the project. And in due course, we 
will come out with kind of what numbers look like for this quarter with respect 
to Citadel sales. So, I think that was your one question on Citadel. With respect 
to FY ‘27, we will be coming out with guidance in around the March time frame, 
March or April time frame for the second year of our three-year kind of 
guidance that we had. So, give us a few months and maybe we will come out 
with guidance. But it's looking strong for FY ‘27.  
In FY ‘26, in terms of GDV, we've hit Rs. 19,000 crores across several projects. 
And we are still confident even though we've hit Rs. 2,000 crores of pre-sales 
in the first three quarters. If you just look at our numbers, the first six months, 
we were at Rs. 600 crores. Then now we are at Rs. 2,000 crores. And we think 
we can get that Rs. 2,000 crores up to Rs. 5,000 crores by the end of March 
31st. 
 
So, we're sticking to our guidance. We have a plan in place. And we are trying 
to execute on that over the next kind of 60-odd days or so. 
Amish Kanani: 
Yes. And, sir, on the debt side, how comfortable we are with this kind of debt? 
What kind of construction needs that we have? I understand you said the 
surplus that we'll be generating is enough to repay the debt. But the question 
is, one, what is the current cost of capital? If at all, what is the range of costs 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 31 
 
that we are facing? Because at least on paper, it's a company which is 
undergoing through a so-called bankruptcy process? 
 
I know we are fighting in the court. But one, cost of capital. And in that context, 
there was a reference that shareholder debt is also there, which we were 
wondering whether we should convert. So, if you can give some color there, 
what are the current thoughts, if at all? 
Sachin Shah: 
Sure, Rajesh, would you like to take this? 
Rajesh Kaimal:  
Yes. So, yes, thank you for your compliment. And on the debt side, we have 
sufficient funds for executing our current launch projects. Some of the 
projects which are coming up for launch in the next financial year, we will be 
raising some construction finance for those particular projects.  
The current cost of capital is a little high because we are in the cycle where 
we are launching projects. And we see that over the next four to six quarters, 
we'll bring down the cost of debt progressively. Today, the average cost of 
debt is around 14%. And some of the new construction finance that we are 
raising today is sub 9%.  
And that's the indication that in the in-principle term sheet that we have got 
from many of the lenders whom we are talking to is sub 9%. So, some of these 
debts are historical in nature and we will pay them down over the next few 
quarters. Bring down this – our endeavor is to bring down this cost of capital 
from the current 14% to the 10% kind of range over the next year or so. It might 
take a little longer than that, but it will progressively come down. 
Amish Kanani: 
Sure. And so, one last question on this. You know, I hope our bankers 
understand the cases,  not so much, this more hindrance and irritant on the 
whole thing, given the scale of operation of our company and surplus that we 
will generate. I hope bankers are not getting –bankers are, you know, giving 
us a normal treatment. They are not scared the way, say, maybe equity 
market investors are because of whatever reasons. 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 31 
 
Rajesh Kaimal: 
Absolutely, you are right. And we have engaged with the bankers right from 
December 12th, the next day of our NCLAT stay. We have engaged with our 
bankers on a regular basis and happy to say that all the bankers understand 
this is a very bizarre kind of a judgment where the first corporate guarantor 
was discharged and five minutes later, we were included. 
 
They completely understand we have a strong legal case in our favor. And 
they have been very supportive of us and as you can see, none of them have 
called back their loans or even issued a letter to us. They have only taken 
clarifications from us and they are very, very confident of us getting out. 
 
And we have not even received a kind of adverse remark or a letter from any 
of our bankers today. We have, in fact, speaking to bankers on the next phase 
of capital raise for like, for example, Embassy East Business Park, which we 
have launched today. We are trying to raise construction finance from Bank 
of Baroda, SBI. 
 
They are not even concerned about all these things. They know that we have 
a pretty strong case. Our balance sheet is very strong. And these are the 
banks who are talking to us that construction finance of 9%. 
Sachin Shah: 
And I just want to add, even the rating agencies have not downgraded us. 
They've understood this situation. You met them, so I think people understand 
what's happened out here. 
Amish Kanani: 
Sure. Thanks a lot. And all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Deepak Purswani from 
SVAN Investments. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Yes. Hi. Good afternoon, sir. And thank you for taking my question. So just 
wanted to get your perspective on two things. Firstly, from the next three-year 
perspective, we have given the pre-sales and collection. If you can also get 
a broader sense in terms of the construction, as well as the approval budget, 
as well as the media activity, which we are looking at from the next three-
year perspective, which can give us a sense in terms of the net cash flows? 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 31 
 
And second part of the question is, in terms of the launch pipeline, which we 
have indicated, I mean, significant one in the near term appears to be the 
Embassy Citadel, which is in Worli itself. So if you can get a broader sense, 
what, I mean, how has been -- how has been we are assessing the market? 
Because from the market perspective in general, there are large developers 
also come up with the significant project pipeline in this area. So what would 
be our sales strategy there? And how has been our assessment in terms of 
the sales response in this macro market? 
Sachin Shah: 
Sure. Aditya, do you want to take the first part of the question? Or even the 
second part with respect to pricing strategy for Citadel? 
Aditya Virwani: 
Well, let me take the second question first. So look, yes, we know that there's 
a lot of supply in Worli. We have intentionally positioned ourselves quite 
differently. From a ticket size point of view, from a product itself, we are not a 
full flow plate. We are not, and by the way, we are not launching at one lakh 
square foot. We're way more competitive than what's out there in the market. 
Also, our starting ticket sizes, units started also 1,800 square feet. 
 
So I think this positions us quite uniquely because yes, we're a luxury 
developer. Yes, the Mumbai home buyer might take some time to understand 
the Embassy brand. And the early days, we will be a little bit more generous 
with our selling strategy.  
But as the show suite is ready, which is going to be ready in April, May, we will 
do a little bit of pre-sales now that we have RERA from now until April, clock 
some numbers, some good numbers, and then we feel this brand can really 
get its premium and we can really showcase the product. So this is our 
strategy. 
 
We're very aware about the market and what's happening there. There are 
some developers who are asking a much higher price than what we are going 
out in the market. And I feel that's where we can be a little bit unique with our 
offering.  

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 31 
 
Also, on the cash margin for Citadel, sorry, was your question on Citadel 
specifically or? 
 Deepak Purswani: 
So if you can also give the broader sense for the cash flow profile from the 
next three-year perspective, the way we have mentioned about the pre-sales 
and collection, if you can also give a sense on what would be your approval 
cost budget and construction cost budget and what is the kind of new BD 
budget we are looking at from the next three-year perspective. 
Aditya Virwani: 
Got it. So for all the FY ‘26 launches, we have secured all our approval funding 
from the debt that we raised from Kotak and enough money to working 
capital to even pass through RERA and initial sales period. For FY ‘27, if you 
look at some of our projects that we have lined up for next year, a lot of them 
are also in Embassy Springs, which is an established township, where we 
already have the DP, we have the master plan approvals. 
 
We are unlocking lands there where we don't need a whole lot of working 
capital to do so. The other one would be Embassy Knowledge Park, another 
large land where we've already secured building plan on. So we actually feel 
that we are in a unique situation where we don't need too much more 
approval money going forward. 
 
It was all done when we did this raise and it was a one-and-done exercise 
where, yes, it's an inverted U-curve chart in the sense debt will go up, has 
gone up slightly for us to execute this. Maybe a few projects will top up a little 
bit, but everyone will see the company graduate to a lower cost of capital 
and a much lower debt base as well over time.  
So I don't have an exact number for you, but feel comfortable that it's not a 
whole lot of money needed to launch even the future projects for next year. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay, thank you. 
Sachin Shah: 
I think your slide 11 talks about the launches for the next year, what the cost to 
complete is and what the net surplus we expect to make from it in our investor 
deck. 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 28 of 31 
 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay, thank you and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. All right, sir. We take the next question from the line of Varun Dujari 
from Vinayak Udyog. Please go ahead. 
Varun Dujari: 
Good afternoon to you, sir. Sir, actually, basically, I wanted to ask whether -- 
Actually, I've been answered in my -- Actually, the question has been raised 
earlier, but I would put it differently. Sir, when can we turn 11%-12% ROE positive 
company? Till when we can turn ROE 11%-12%? 
Sachin Shah:  
Yes, I think, Look, it's an interesting question you're asking about return on 
equity. Look, I think firstly, it's very important to note that this is a merger of 
two companies that have come together, where during the merger itself, 
there was reverse merger accounting that took place. There were assets that 
were fair market valued with respect to when the combination took place.  
And today, what you're seeing is actually at least from a P&L perspective, 
you're seeing a PAT number that reflects projects that have been in the 
system for the last several years that have finally received its OC.  
I think we will have to wait for this next cycle of assets that we are developing 
today to be completed, reach OC, and that's when you'll start seeing kind of 
actually probably even maybe a higher ROE, but it'll be from this next set of 
projects that will take the next kind of two, three years to kind of get finished, 
completed, develop cash surplus to come out of it, and then obviously a PAT 
number to be reflected based on that as well.  
I think it's tough to project when exactly it would happen, but I think we're 
moving in the right direction out here with respect to completing the 
problems that we had in the company, in the merger entity, putting that 
behind us, and then focusing on what we have today, which is our land bank, 
developing that, and kind of growth out there over the next several years.  
Aditya and Rajesh, please feel free to add to this. 
Rajesh Kaimal:  
So you covered it Sachin, well. I think that's... I don't know, Varun, if you have 
any further questions on this? 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 29 of 31 
 
Varun Dujari: 
Sir, wouldn't it be right to assume that for another year or half, we shall be 
loss-making company, at least from the profit and loss account sense? 
Rajesh Kaimal: 
Yes, we will be PAT negative for the next six or quarters, but cash flow will be 
cash flow profitable. You can see that from the cash flow. 
Varun Dujari: 
Okay. And sir, regarding the land parcel in the Panvel, where we have huge 
land parcels, so when do we plan to develop the project in the Panvel, sir, 
where we have a large land parcel? 
Aditya Virwani: 
Varun, maybe I can take that. yes, the company does have a significant 
amount of land in the whole Panvel-Raigad region, which is quite exciting. But 
if I have to be honest, from a timing point of view, we don't see this as a 
number one priority. We see the number one priority, unlocking the existing 
receivables and selling the unsold inventory.  
We see priority number two, launching the projects that can be launched very 
quickly, which included Citadel, which includes all the Embassy Springs 
projects and all the pipeline that we have for FY ‘26 and ‘27. The lands that we 
have are lands that can be aggregated, completed, because they might not 
be complete parcels today. They need conversions. These take a lot of time 
in real estate and something that's not very predictable. 
 
So we intentionally wanted to keep it out of the GDV, because when the 
company has surplus money that we can address all of these lands with, and 
when we can bake the cake a little bit more and have more predictable 
timing and sense planning on what the projects can do, that's when we'll 
bring this to the market. 
 
But frankly, it is a priority number three for the company. It's not something 
that we're focusing a lot of our energy on. In fact, we are more keen on deals 
out there, third-party deals that we can do, like the Whitefield one I explained, 
where within 12 months we should be able to launch. And that really, I feel, is 
the art of this business, is how fast can you move from land to launch.  

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 30 of 31 
 
And we are going to demonstrate that with the Whitefield launch. It will be the 
first new project. I think we will generate a huge IRR there. And those are the 
type of deals we want to do. And then when the company generates surplus 
after paying construction, after deleveraging, and we have further cash flow 
to deploy, then I feel it is the right time to address the land banks that we 
have, except for Nasik. 
 
Nasik is an outlier, large piece, 1,500 acres. That is something of top priority 
that the management is addressing immediately. 
Varun Dujari: 
Aditya, aren’t you worried? The promoter's pledge is down about 50% and the 
prices of the shares are under heavy pressure. 
Aditya Virwani: 
I'm not too worried, to be honest, Varun, because from a promoter's side, we 
have enough assets backing the loans that we have. We have quite a unique 
structure where we have three listed entities. We have our REIT, we have 
WeWork, and we have the development company. And this is where we see 
the most value creation.  
So we feel comfortable that over time the family can pay down its 
shareholding loan. And that is the idea of the family is to eventually, over the 
next couple of years, get to a place where we pay down that shareholder loan. 
Varun Dujari: 
That would be all, sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we take that as 
the last question and conclude the question and answer session. I now hand 
over the conference to the management for their closing comments. 
Aditya Virwani: 
Thank you for your time and joining us today. We appreciate your continued 
interest in Embassy Developments Limited. Should you have any further 
questions or require additional information, please feel free to reach out to us 
or to SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor, who will be happy to assist you. 
Thank you all and have a good day. 

 
 
Embassy Developments Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
Page 31 of 31 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Embassy Developments Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
