 
4th February, 2026 
 
                               
 
The Secretary  
 
  
            Listing Department 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                         Exchange Plaza,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
 
  
 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051 
BSE Code: 500645 
 
 
 
NSE Code: DEEPAKFERT  
 
Subject: Management Transcript of Q3 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the Management 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 30th January, 2026 to discuss the financial 
results of the Company for the third quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2025. 
 
The transcript of the Q3 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call will also be made available on the 
website of the Company i.e. https://www.dfpcl.com/. 
 
 We request you to take the same on your record.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Deepak Fertilisers 
And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
Rabindra Purohit 
VP – Legal, Compliance & Company Secretary 
Membership No.: FCS 4680 
Encl: as above  
 
RABINDRA 
KUMAR PUROHIT
Digitally signed by 
RABINDRA KUMAR PUROHIT 
Date: 2026.02.04 16:50:07 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation 
Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Conference Call” 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAILESH MEHTA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – DEEPAK FERTILISERS AND 
PETROCHEMICALS CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
MR. SUBHASH ANAND – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – DEEPAK FERTILISERS AND 
PETROCHEMICALS CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
MR. TARUN SINHA – PRESIDENT – TECHNICAL 
AMMONIUM NITRATE – DEEPAK FERTILISERS AND 
PETROCHEMICALS CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
MR. SUPARAS JAIN – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, 
CORPORATE FINANCE – DEEPAK FERTILISERS AND 
PETROCHEMICALS CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AAKASH MAJI - IIFL CAPITAL 
 
 
 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Deepak Fertilisers Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aakash Maji. Thank you, and over to you. 
Aakash Maji: 
Thank you, Mike. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the Deepak Fertilisers 
and Petrochemicals' Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. From the company, we have with us 
Mr. Sailesh Mehta, the Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Subhash Anand, President and 
CFO; Mr. Tarun Sinha, President, Technical Ammonium Nitrate; and Mr. Suparas Jain, 
Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance. 
We would like to begin the call with opening remarks from the management, following which 
we will have the forum open for an interactive question-and-answer session. I would now like 
to invite Mr. Sailesh Mehta to make the initial remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sailesh Mehta: 
Thank you. My voice is clear, right? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. You're loud and clear. 
Sailesh Mehta: 
Okay. So very good afternoon to everyone, and thank you once again for joining us for the Q3 
FY '26 earnings call of DFPCL. Our earnings presentation has been shared with the stock 
exchange and is also available on our website, and I do hope you have had a chance to look at 
it.. So as you would have seen, Q3 was a challenging quarter, and it got shaped by extended 
rains, geopolitical uncertainties and certain degree of price volatility. However, what 
differentiates DFPCL today is our ability to navigate some of these volatile cycles with a greater 
degree of resilience. 
 
Over the past few years, we have increasingly transformed our portfolio, further strengthened 
our operating model, substantially enhanced our customer engagement approach, and all of that 
has supported building this resilience. 
 
Now, let me begin with a brief overview of our financial performance. For the year-to-date FY 
'26, revenues grew by 12%, driven by a healthy momentum in our Crop Nutrition and Bulk 
businesses. And adjusted for the onetime tax credit in the previous year, PAT did decline 4%.  
Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio today stands at 2.27x, fully aligned with our ongoing capex cycle, 
which is in its last leg of execution. And it is going to be laying the foundation for our future 
growth and enhanced competitiveness. 
 
Having said that, at the undercurrent level, there were 2 or 3 aspects that impacted our results in 
a predominant manner. The first one being unseasonal and heavy rains. Now, what it did was it 
slowed down the mining activity in the country, and that impacted by slowing down the 
requirement of technical ammonium nitrate, one of our key products. 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
And for us and the industry, it also brought in a certain kind of a constraint in terms of nitric acid 
usage because nitric acid goes to feed into ammonium nitrate. So there was a dual impact 
emerging out of extended monsoon season, softness in the technical ammonium nitrate space 
and softness in the nitric acid space. 
 
Now, added to this, we also saw an increase in the ammonia prices globally. And that brought 
in the raw material price increase for both technical ammonium nitrate and nitric acid. So it was 
a bit of a double whammy. 
Now, if this were not enough, normally, the rains would have been good for the fertilizer sector, 
for the crop nutrition business, but the timing and the continuance of the heavy monsoon 
impacted the Kharif crop and a lot of sufferance at the farmer level. And in our Q3, actually, the 
farmers were cleaning away the fields from the Kharif crop, which because of heavy rains got 
impacted, and they were getting ready for the Rabi plantation. So this major ripple effect, which 
is just like a black swan event impacted all the 3 of our businesses. 
Having said that, now, as we see things, it is broadly behind us. And with now the normal 
weather emerging, mining is expected to pick up to its normal levels, and the resultant demand 
for technical ammonium nitrate and also the resultant demand for nitric acid should pick up. 
With the good water table, we are expecting the Rabi season to also be a very good supportive 
season for the crop nutrition and fertilizer business. 
 
Now, our other product, IPA, coincidentally also during this period, got impacted due to much 
lower propylene prices globally, but not available in India at those lower prices. And this again 
impacted in terms of softening of the IPA prices. However, as per the ICIS Asia Pacific pricing 
insight analysis report dated 27, 28 Jan, there again, we are seeing a slow improvement in the 
IPA prices that is being seen. So in summary, if I look at the operations, I would somewhere see 
3 things that we continue to firmly believe in and we see validation. Number one is that the 
basket of products that is from gas to ammonia to nitric acid to the downstream, the basket of 
products is giving us a good risk mitigator to be able to bring the resilience. 
 
The second thing that is getting validated quarter after quarter, which is that the strong alignment 
with the India growth story that all of our 3 businesses have, that has always supported us in 
terms of ensuring that there is no demand destruction. 
And the third is that our continued drive from commodity to specialty or being more and more 
segment focused and wherever possible combining products plus services, this transformative 
model is certainly appearing to be in the right direction. 
On the project front, the project execution is going on in full steam. And again, that despite all 
the challenges, we are forging ahead with now almost 91% completion of our Gopalpur technical 
ammonium nitrate project and around 79% completion of our Dahej acid project. So as I look 
ahead, the next quarter and mainly the year ahead, we will certainly see, I would say, at least 
minimum for half of the year, the TAN Gopalpur project and the acid Dahej project contributing 
to the bottom line. 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
So this will be a major addition that we are foreseeing. The year is also going to see a partial 
advantage emerging out of our 15-year long-term LNG contract with the Norwegian giant, which 
will be somewhere supporting the good, I would say, gas pricing. 
So with that note, let me hand you over now to our CFO, Mr. Subhash Anand, who will take you 
through the detailed financial performance of the quarter and be available for any clarification 
that you may want to seek. Subhash? 
Subhash Anand: 
Thank you, Mr. Mehta, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Deepak 
Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings Call. It's always a 
pleasure to update you on our performance and share how we are progressing on our key 
priorities. At DFPCL, our focus continues to be what drives long-term value, strengthening our 
specialty product mix, staying close to our customers and ensuring agility across the 
organization. Despite the volatility in the external environment, our teams have maintained 
strong operational discipline and prudent financial management, keeping us on track for 
sustainable growth. 
Let me begin with the financial performance. As Mr. Mehta stated, for Q3 FY '26, consolidated 
operating revenue stood at INR2,830 crores, reflecting a 10% Y-o-Y growth, led primarily by 
CNB business. On YTD basis, revenue was INR8,495 crores, up 12% Y-o-Y, demonstrating 
healthy demand despite extended monsoon, geopolitical uncertainty and supply chain disruption. 
 
Moving to the segment-wise performance. In Mining Chemicals, Q3 volumes were largely flat 
Y-o-Y due to extended monsoons and softer coal demand. The bright spot was our B2C segment, 
which continued its strong momentum with 26% Y-o-Y growth. And on YTD basis, total TAN 
volume grew 11% Y-o-Y. In IPA, volume declined 26% Y-o-Y, largely due to planned shutdown 
in quarter 3 and weaker sentiments from correctness in acetone prices. 
 
YTD volume remained stable. In nitric acid, volume was steady with a marginal uptick, though 
pricing remained under pressure from excess imports and downstream dumping from abroad. 
YTD volume increased 4% Y-o-Y basis. Turning to our Crop Nutrition, CNB revenue grew 26% 
Y-o-Y in Q3. However, delayed Rabi sowing and heavy monsoon impacted the uptake of 
Croptek and our specialty product. 
 
With raw material cost inflation affecting margins, even so specialty fertilizer and Croptek 
contributed 30% of CNB revenue, up from our previous quarter, an encouraging shift towards a 
more value-centric mix. 
Coming to profitability, Q3 EBITDA came in at INR353 crores, a 27% Y-o-Y decline, driven 
by higher raw material costs, inadequate subsidy support in fertilizers, a weaker realization in 
IPA and nitric acid. TAN remained steady. And in ammonia, higher pricing supported delivery, 
though the GST reduction on the incentive income impacted the profitability. 
 
On YTD basis, EBITDA stood at INR1,330 crores, down 8% Y-o-Y, primarily due to softness 
in IPA and ammonia with CNB and TAN helping cushion the overall impact. Adjusted PAT for 
Q3 was INR141 crores, down 34% Y-o-Y after normalizing for onetime INR40 crore tax credit 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
in Q3 FY '25. YTD PAT was INR599 crores, down 4% Y-o-Y. Shifting to product mix and 
balance sheet. We continue to reshape the business towards high-value solutions-driven offering. 
 
Specialty product contributed 33% of CNB revenue and B2C accounted for 16% of mining 
chemical revenue. On the investment front, YTD capex is around INR1,495 crores, largely 
directed towards Gopalpur TAN and Dahej-II nitric acid project. Net debt stands at INR4,021 
crores with a net debt EBITDA of 2.27x, in line with our planned capex cycle. Both key projects 
are progressing well and expected for commissioning in Q1 FY '27. They will materially 
enhance competitiveness and margin resilience once operational. 
 
Looking ahead, while some near-term volatility may continue, we are beginning to see 
improvement in a few areas. In Mining Chemical, Q3 softness came from lower coal demand, 
extended monsoon and higher channel inventory. However, the early sign of recovery are 
already visible in Q4. 
Our focus remain on strengthening direct sales, expanding regional warehousing, scaling exports 
and deepening our TCO-based customer engagement model. In our Pharma and Specialty 
Chemical, IPA sentiment is likely to stay muted in the near term due to weak acetone prices and 
elevated inventory. 
 
Nitric acid prices will remain stable amid excess imports and new capacity. We are responding 
by sharpening our application-led segmentations and strengthening solution-based customer 
engagement, which will help to improve the overall nitric acid business. In our Crop Nutrition, 
favorable reservoir levels and healthy farmer sentiment position us well for Rabi 2026. 
Our farmer activation program continued to deliver strong engagement on the ground. With our 
major strategic projects nearing completions and our portfolio steadily shifting towards high-
value solutions-led offering, we expect earning visibility and margin stability to strengthen 
meaningfully in the medium term. 
 
Thank you once again for your continued support. We now welcome your questions. 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine Investment. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
I had few -- 2 questions. One is on the -- can you give us some color on the new upcoming TAN 
and ammonia projects? And any impact that can have on your -- our India's demand-supply 
equation? And secondly, how much can be the savings from the LNG long-term contract once 
they start? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. Just a clarification, when you say TAN upcoming projects, you're talking about our 
Gopalpur project, right, not the industry? 
Niraj Mansingka: 
No, no, I'm talking of other like Chambal and other government companies also signed ammonia 
projects. So how will the demand-supply equation in India change? And what is -- yes. 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. I understand. Let me pass on the questions to our President, Tarun Sinha. Tarun? 
Tarun Sinha: 
Thank you, Subhash. Just to check, am I audible? 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Tarun Sinha: 
Okay. Thank you. Thanks for your question. This question has been asked in the past also. So 
we see the situation like this from our point of view, the demand growth in India, which is driven 
by mining and infrastructure largely for our products, for TAN products, is likely to be in the 
range of 6% compounded average growth rate over the course of next 5 to 6 years at least that 
we can see. 
 
That's the first point, which means that every 3 years or so, 2 to 3 years or so, a fresh demand -- 
additional demand creation of around 2.5 lakh tons of TAN will take place. So that's the first 
point. So the demand creation is quite good. 
On the other hand, the country imports at this point in time close to 4 lakh tons of ammonium 
nitrate, which will have to slowly reduce with the domestic capacities coming in. So if you add 
these 2, the demand growth rate and the imports, which will get substituted, we are looking at 
quite a reasonable market getting created to accommodate these capacities in the coming years. 
That's on the TAN part. On the -- there was also this question on the nitric acid part as well, I 
think. 
Subhash Anand: 
Yes. 
Tarun Sinha: 
You can take it, Subhash. 
Subhash Anand: 
Let me take that second side. On ammonia side, the question basically -- or you want first -- 
nitric acid, basically, there is no new further capacity getting added. Our Dahej-II plant is 
expected to come in -- sometime in -- towards end of quarter 1. And the way we have planned, 
we have -- almost 70% of the capacity is already tied up with long-term CNA capacities tied up. 
And seeing the current situation, we haven't seen a demand shortage for our nitric acid business, 
whatever -- in fact, we have always remained short of DNA for a long, long time. So we are 
confident – for being able to place that additional capacity, which will be available in the 
marketplace. 
 
Coming on ammonia business, yes, some -- we have our new -- Equinor contract is coming in 
place from next year quarter 1. That will give us a, I'd say, decent cost saving in terms of gas 
prices are concerned and will bring the overall breakeven levels significantly down from where 
the ammonia currently or PCL is currently operating. 
 
Just to give a broader sense of numbers, I call it, currently, with the revised GST reduction, 
which has happened in October towards the end of -- towards September end, our breakeven 
EBITDA is almost around USD430 FOBME, at this point of time at the current gas prices, which 
will come down substantially in the coming quarter once we have an Equinor contract getting 
in. And recently, the ammonia prices has firmed up. So that has supported PCL turnaround in 
terms of -- our PCL was almost at breakeven level in last quarter. I hope that probably gives the 
answer. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
So just related only, the USD 430 FOBME  would fall down to how much on a like-to-like basis? 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Subhash Anand: 
You need to wait for that specific numbers, but it's a significant reduction, not... 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Can you give a range? Because it will be easy for us to slightly understand the financials in 
longer term. 
Subhash Anand: 
It's a double-digit reduction, definitely. It's not -- it's more than -- it's in double digit, I call it that 
way. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
In percent terms, could you give something? Was it 10%... 
Subhash Anand: 
That's what we're saying -- I'm saying the percentage reduction is in double digit, not in single 
digits. Yes. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Okay. I thought double digit in dollars. Okay. 
Subhash Anand: 
No, no, percentage reduction is in double digits. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Shubham Dhasmana from Asit Koticha Family 
Office. 
Shubham Dhasmana: 
So sir, I wanted to understand the reason behind acetone price volatility? And what is your 
outlook for the IPA business for the whole year? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. The IPA business price volatility is, I call it, severe at this point of time. If we just talk 
about number, the price correction or rather the price reduction in this year is almost around 20 
-- roughly around 22%, 23%. That's the kind of a price correction which IPA business has seen 
this year. And various reasons, I call it, primarily driven by softer prices of acetone in the market 
and also a lot of imports, which is coming. 
 
We haven't seen a pressure on our demand side. In fact, the volume which we were selling, we 
are able to hold on to volume. In fact, we have sold more volume compared to last year. But 
pricing pressure, which is there in IPA business, expected to continue for some more time, 
although the slower recovery has started, I call it. But we don't see immediate quick turnaround 
of IPA prices happening in a quarter or 2. It will take some time to come back to a normal. 
Shubham Dhasmana: 
Okay. And sir, I wanted to understand the TAN business. So how much revenue comes from 
around top 5 or top 3 players in the TAN business? How much concentration risk are we having 
in that segment? 
Subhash Anand: 
In fact -- sorry, we don't share customer-wise profiling of TAN business. So -- that's very, very 
clear. But yes, if you talk about, our market share is almost around 40% what we hold in this 
business. And any customer you talk about in TAN business, we are supplying to them. So they 
know -- almost every customer is covered by us. I can call it that way. 
Shubham Dhasmana: 
Okay, sir. No top 5, top 10 revenue... 
Subhash Anand: 
Depending on explosive business market share, their buying also broadly will be in a similar 
line from us also. I call it that way. 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Pratyush Kamal from Incred Equities. 
Pratyush Kamal: 
So I have concern regarding all the 3 segments which Deepak Fertilisers is working into. First, 
regarding the TAN segment. So there are a few things which I'm seeing in the back end when 
I'm analyzing the data and when I'm looking at the industry. First thing is regarding the China, 
increase in the export of China as far as ammonium nitrate is concerned. So in January, the share 
of ammonium nitrate exports from China used to be 7%. 
 
It has increased to about 30% between January and December. And it is playing its role perfectly 
well in terms of decreasing the ammonium nitrate spreads also. Even after ammonia prices 
increasing to a level of $450 to $500 from $350, the ammonium nitrate prices was not increased. 
So it means that there is a bit of supply glut, which I'm seeing in ammonium nitrate export 
market. Also, if I talk about the domestic market, sir, so domestic market demand definitely is 
not increasing. In fact, it has shrink by 1% YTD, if you compare in terms of Y-o-Y basis. In Q3, 
it has decreased by 5%. So in place of increasing the demand, the coal demand is getting 
decreased. 
And if you talk about the supply of ammonia domestic supply, it is getting increased by about 
500 KTPA in FY '27 by Chambal and GNFC. So -- and current demand would be about 1 million 
ton, if 500 -- and total demand would be 1.5 million tons. Total supply domestic would be 1 
million ton. And if 500 KTPA additional supply comes off, then definitely, there would be no 
place for anyone to sell the ammonium nitrate in the India market? 
So how do you -- and definitely, there is export cap also for ammonium nitrate. And if there 
would be a supply glut in the global market, it becomes difficult for us to supply it to other places 
also? 
 
So how do you come across that problem? And what's the response which you have for this 
problem, which I'm currently seeing in the back end? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. I'll just start with, and then, I pass on to Tarun. Now, Pratyush, you need to see industry 
not with 1 quarter lens, you need to see slightly longer horizon and see how India energy and 
consumption or a coal consumption is going to go. 
Yes, you are right, coal consumption or coal production has come down in the last quarter. And 
the reason was, as articulated earlier also, the extended monsoon, which normally get over in 
September, got extended for a longer time, and that has impacted coal production and so the 
TAN demand. 
 
If we look from a -- I'll say, from a 1 quarter perspective, most of your comment may be right. 
But are we looking 1 quarter business? No, this is a long-term business. And when India look at 
the energy requirement, long-term energy requirement, demand projection, there are no reasons 
to believe the India coal production is going to come down. The industry, all the projections, all 
the long-term projection, all the right pieces, if you pick it up, it's showing the demand for coal 
is going to go up around 4% to 5%. 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
If that is a scenario, the TAN demand will grow. So that's definitely one thing. Second thing is, 
if I talk about, yes, there is an additional capacity getting added. We are coming up with our 
plant in Gopalpur. So the competitor also is coming in that segment. 
 
But adding capacity is one thing. Is the production or the license capacity or the capacity, which 
is getting added, will that be available for sale in the very first year? No, it's not going to happen. 
There is a ramp-up phase for everybody. So if you see that perspective, the demand with 4% to 
5% growth and the available capacity, India may still be short supply or may just be balanced. 
 
So in those scenarios, we don't see a challenge where we see -- we will not be able to place this 
material. And then, there are inherent advantages -- Tarun, if you want to touch upon. 
Tarun Sinha: 
I think you've covered everything. If there's any question unanswered of yours, I'd be happy to. 
Subhash Anand: 
I'll just give one more color. The place where -- or as in the location where our plant is coming, 
we are coming very near or at the heart of mining activity. So we are pretty confident we will be 
able to place our material much better. And with the kind of a reach, market reach and experience 
in this industry or in this place which we have, that gives us a confidence. We have a plan in 
place, and we should be able to ramp it up. 
Tarun Sinha: 
And just on the export quota because that was another one. So we have had a very fruitful 
discussion with the concerned ministries just a couple of weeks back on this topic. And I think 
there is a fair amount of realization that now India is not short of ammonium nitrate because of 
the additional capacities that are coming in. And it has enough product to feed the mining 
industry and the infrastructure industry. Hence, there is a very strong case for reviewing this 
50,000 tons per year of export quota. 
 
And if things goes as per the plan based on the way the discussions have gone by, this quota 
may also get removed eventually. 
Pratyush Kamal: 
Okay, sir. So there is a follow-up question regarding the same since -- definitely, since sir has 
mentioned that definitely there would be no ramp-up in the first year itself. But if you look at 
the total capacity addition, it is on a tune of about 900 KTPA, right, 500 by Chambal and GNFC 
and approximately 386, 350 by you. 
So even if they run by 50% utilization rate, it means that about 450 additional KTPA would 
easily cover up the entire India market. And when you talk about the global exports, definitely, 
there's an opportunity. 
 
Even if the quota is opened up, the ceiling is opened up of 50 KTPA, and if you are ready to 
export to the global market, it becomes very challenging and difficult for Indian player to sell 
the ammonium nitrate exports, especially in a situation where -- since I mentioned the Chinese 
export is increasing continuously from the last 5, 6 months at least. 
 
From 7% market share in January, it has increased to about 30% in December -- in October, 
December. So it means that definitely, there would be a supply glut and you would be competing 
with all the major players, be it China -- Chinese, Russian or Bulgarian. 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
So do you still think that there is an export opportunity of ammonium nitrate in the global 
market? After seeing the margin crash in Q3, even if the raw material prices -- ammonia has 
increased from $350 to $450, the ammonium nitrate prices have not seen any jump. In fact, it 
has become stagnant. So how do you tackle that? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. Pratyush, I'll again come back to same. If you look at industry with 1 quarter phenomena, 
you'll always have a short-term view, which may not align with the long-term -- the way industry 
is. 
 
Second thing, if I talk about your GNFC capacity is coming in FY '28, not in FY '27, so it's not 
everything, 450, what you are counting, is there in FY '27. It's not going to be available in FY 
'27. Third thing, I call it, industry is growing. Even 4% to 5% growth means adding 100,000 
tons every year in demand. By the time GNFC comes in, industry moves from 1.5 to 1.7, 2 years 
from now. 
 
With that, 3 years from now, all the capacity what we are talking at this point of time will not be 
good enough to even meet India demand after that. Export, yes, I'll not say exports, one need to 
take it with a broad brush. From India, not every market is servable profitably. So one need to 
know which market, what is the right place, where it's a profitable market. And that's what we 
are focused on. 
 
We are not saying we'll export nitrate -- TAN to every place, every country, every market. No, 
that's not our goal. We are looking at focused market, and that's where the export development 
is going on. 
Pratyush Kamal: 
But sir, in your own guidance, you have said that coal demand would grow at a rate of 5%. And 
if you say that the TAN demand would be increasing from 1,500 KTPA to 1,700, it means that 
we are estimating a demand increase of about 16.6%, right? So how -- like again, so the math 
isn't matching itself. That 5% growth of coal, would it lead to 16% growth in the TAN demand? 
Tarun Sinha: 
Tarun here. Let me again try to clarify some of your points. So first is -- and I'll repeat some of 
the points which I mentioned in the very first question. I'm not sure whether you were there at 
that time. Hence, I'm kind of repeating. 
 
The first is today, there is about 4 lakh tons of import, which is substitutable. That's a ready-
made demand available in the country for the domestic producers. Second, every 2 years to 3 
years' time period -- let's say, 3 years, every 3 years, 2.5 lakh tons of additional demand because 
of the mining and infrastructure growth is likely to take place. So in 2 to 3 years from now, we 
are looking at 4 lakh tons of import substituted plus 2.5 lakh tons of fresh demand created, 6.5 
lakh tons, 2 to 3 years from now. GNFC plant comes after that. 
 
By the time GNFC plant comes, as Subhash was saying, the demand will continue to grow. So 
therefore, those capacities will start to get utilized. At the same time, the exports of TAN, which 
currently we have seen, should see a little bit of uplift in volume also because of the reason 
Subhash was talking, and we are very selective in where we export. We're not like China. So, 
therefore, if you combine all of this, this is how the numbers stack up over a 3- to 5-year period. 
And the capacity... 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Pratyush Kamal: 
Got it, sir. And how about the isopropyl alcohol? Because the prices have come down from 
INR1,37,000 per ton to about INR85,000, INR90,000 per ton. And in that case, like your correct 
situation is that you are making it through the propylene route. Acetone would be cheaper, which 
your competitors are doing. 
 
So you definitely face that margin pressure also. And when the realization is coming down -- 
has continuously come down in the last 12 months, how do you see it ramping up? And about 
the -- again, nitric acid front, nitro derivatives, something has always been a concern from China. 
So how do you tackle the industrial chemical side in that case going forward? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. Pratyush, I think -- let me answer it, and then, you need to leave a space for others also to 
speak. Otherwise, 1 hour we will have to hear you only. But let me give you IPA. In my opening 
commentary, I was very clear, there is a correction in prices, and we expect softness to continue 
for some time. 
 
We don't expect overnight things are going to change. No, it's not. It's a cyclic business, that also 
a reality. There is a time when prices start going in other direction. And when the phenol prices 
start getting firmed up, acetone availability gets challenged or the prices become firmed up, and 
so the IPA prices goes up. There is a cycle. 
 
Currently, cycle is in -- at a bottom, I call it at this point of time. We are seeing IPA prices 
broadly now at a level where it's there, it's for some time now. It's not every quarter we are seeing 
further reduction. It's broadly remaining at that level. Now, the cycle needs to turn. Will it turn 
in 1 quarter, 2 quarter? We need to wait. 
 
We are, in fact, in commodity business when it comes to IPA. It has a cyclic process, and things 
will move back. In coming time, once the demand-supply gets corrected, overall geopolitical 
issue, which has created these tensions, once it's opened up, the demand-supply will get 
balanced, and these prices will come back. But yes, it will take some time. We ourselves are not 
seeing IPA is getting corrected in 1 quarter. No, it's not. 
Pratyush Kamal: 
Okay, sir. And about nitric acid? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Kamal, request you to kindly come back in the queue for follow-up 
questions. 
Pratyush Kamal: 
No, it's the same question. It was the same question regarding nitric acid. 
Subhash Anand: 
So nitric acid is 1 quarter phenomenon. It wasn't import -- excess imports happened in last 
quarter. Normally, nitric acid, otherwise, is short in demand. We don't have the issue of demand 
side of nitric acid. If you see nitric acid remains stable for a long, long time, even it's just 1 
quarter when we have seen softness in nitric acid prices. 
 
Again, since TAN was soft, a lot of nitric acid goes in TAN. TAN softness impacted the nitric 
acid demand and so the prices. Once TAN demand is okay, we don't see a nitric acid business  
having a challenge. That's a short-term phenomenon. That's not going to be long-term 
phenomenon. 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Kushal Shah, an individual investor. 
Kushal Shah: 
My first question is from explosive exclusive manufacturer that we did purchased. I want to 
know the strategy behind that acquisition. Is it more of a production ramp-up? Or is it more of 
an acquisition from point of view of technology gain? And any capex that we are looking or any 
amount of money we are trying to infuse in that exclusive manufacturer? 
 
That's my first question. And second is on the line of Deepak Mining Solutions and Deepak 
Fertilisers demerger. We have been saying it since, I think, 2023 or 2024, and we are in 2026, 
and we are yet to see any updates on that front. 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. Let me give second answer first, and then, I'll pass on to Tarun. Now, on the demerger, 
there are 2 aspects. Demerger per se in a separate entity happened last year. We have created a 
separate entity, which is DMSL, and the business of mining chemical moved out of MAL and 
gone to DMSL. 
 
So the restructuring of entity has happened. If you're looking -- yes, the listing of subsidiary, 
yes, that is, I'd say, as a part of our plan, we are -- in fact, when we went with the restructuring, 
the focus is very clear. We need to have a very clean entity structure, so each business can draw 
its own growth charter and see how do they take business to the next level. To achieve that listing 
also is one of that, I'll say, roadmap. Timing is we haven't yet -- say, we have taken a decision 
and we have firmed up the timing, no. 
 
We are still -- I say we're yet to decide when are we going ahead with the process of listing. So 
we need to wait for some more time until we firm up our plan and then share with the external 
world. Tarun, you want to talk about explosives? 
Tarun Sinha: 
Sure. So I think your first question was about -- something about explosives acquisition. Is that 
correct? 
Kushal Shah: 
So it was about -- I'll repeat myself. It was about an explosive manufacturer that we recently 
acquired. I want to know the kind of strategy we are playing with that. Is it more like production 
ramp-up? Or is it more like a tech acquisition? Or -- and are we looking forward for infusing 
any amount of money in that explosive manufacturer? 
Tarun Sinha: 
Okay. So first is we have not yet acquired the company. As you mentioned -- I think you said 
you have acquired. The answer is no, we haven't. What we have done is we have signed an 
agreement to acquire. 
 
So that's the first clarification. And the acquisition will be subject to certain due diligence and 
conditions, precedents, as we say, being fulfilled, after which if everything goes to our 
satisfaction, then the transaction will go through. And that would mark the acquisition. So that's 
one clarification. 
 
Now, if that goes through under that assumption, what's the purpose of that? The purpose is 
basically for us to -- for DMSL to produce differentiated value-adding kind of products to help 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
enhance our journey in the mining industry as a solutions provider and also help in terms of our 
export business. 
So one example of that could be we could look at bundling those newly produced products along 
with our technical ammonium nitrate and provide a comprehensive bundled offering to the 
international markets, and to some extent, also assist our Australian subsidiary, which is known 
as Platinum Blasting Services. So that's the kind of overall view we have at this stage. 
Kushal Shah: 
And whether that manufacturer is placed in India or is it outside the India? 
Tarun Sinha: 
Based in India. 
Kushal Shah: 
And the last question, could you please throw some light on how our steel picking solution that 
we recently launched, I think PICKBRITE is the name, is performing? 
Subhash Anand: 
Sorry, come again? 
Kushal Shah: 
We had a steel picking solution. I think the PICKBRITE is the brand name. I just wanted to 
know how that is performing in the market. 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. That is still in ramp-up stage, I call it. It's an early stage where we are working with a 
couple of manufacturers, and then, I'll say, take it up from -- you call it from a ramp-up stage to 
commercialization. So still not reached to a level where it has a meaningful, or I'll say, sizable 
contribution to our overall scenario. But yes, this is one of the product on which we are working, 
and then, once it's there, it will be a differentiated product in our nitric acid business. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Chirag from Keynote Capital. 
Chirag: 
Sir, my first question is related to the Fertilizer segment. As I'm able to see that our volume 
growth was stable for the quarter and the realization has improved. However, there has been a 
significant dip in the margins. So do you want to say that this is purely because of the increase 
in price of phosphoric acid, which you had tried to pass on to the customers? However, the pass-
on was not that much due to the ability for us to charge higher, as there was an extended 
monsoon. This is the reason behind that? 
Subhash Anand: 
Two reasons, Chirag. Yes, one reason very clearly, this is a sizable cost increases, which has 
happened on raw material side. And subsidy was not in tune with the increases, the size of 
increases which happened, impacting the overall profitability of that. Second, if you see the 
growth in overall revenue, which has come, it has come in primarily from, I'll say, low end of 
the product. Since the monsoon was delayed and erratic, actually, that gave us only just a month 
to place the product of -- our value-added product, which was Croptek and specialty. 
 
So the mix has changed in last quarter, and that's another reason for us with the lower 
profitability what has come in. The one was raw material costs, not compensated by subsidy; 
second, erratic rain and delayed rain, finally restricted our ability to push the -- or I'll say, place 
the full value-added product, which -- normally which happens in this business. So both reasons 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
was there in the last quarter. Now, with this quarter, with Rabi back in place, we hope now things 
will be back in place. 
Chirag: 
Fair enough. Fair enough. Sir, my second question is related to the IPA segment, which you have 
mentioned. I couldn't understand the reason behind the plant shutdown. If you could just repeat 
that once again? 
Subhash Anand: 
It was an annual planned maintenance, which we need to carry it out. So it was nothing to do 
with anything specific. There was a planned shutdown, which happened -- maintenance 
shutdown. 
Chirag: 
Okay. And sir, third thing I wanted to understand that we have an ammonia plant with ourselves, 
too. So any increase in price of the ammonia is actually beneficial for us, as it helps us to make 
the plant breakeven to an extent, right? So even after increase in ammonia prices -- I just wanted 
to understand why there was a reason our margins significantly took a hit in our Chemical 
segment. 
Subhash Anand: 
Yes. Normally, if you say mid- to long-term, ammonia prices get passed on in the end product, 
whether it's a TAN or whether it's other nitric acid product. But it's always -- there is always a 
time lag. It doesn't happen immediately with ammonia price movement. So what price increases 
what we have seen in ammonia in last quarter, if it remain at this level for some time, then we 
will see the correction happening in end product. 
 
And that's the time when the real benefit come out. Otherwise, it's a shift from one basket to 
another basket or one segment to another segment until the end product prices gets corrected in 
line with ammonia. 
Chirag: 
Okay. So will it be fair for me to assume that in TAN, specifically, there was no margin 
correction -- there were no margin impact; however, the impact was majorly into industrial 
front?. 
Subhash Anand: 
I will -- okay, yes, if you're looking at combined ammonia and TAN together, then yes, TAN 
price increase -- while ammonia price increases impacted TAN stand-alone margin, but both put 
together, margin was same. And nitric acid, yes, has seen a price -- cost increases because of 
ammonia coming to them. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Mukta Chandani from Arihant Capital. Please go 
ahead. Ms. Chandani, could you kindly come closer to the microphone? Your voice is not very 
much audible. 
Mukta Chandani: 
I wanted to know regarding mining chemical business. I can see B2C revenue share stood at 
15% this time. So if you could just throw some light on long-term targets, it would be great. 
Subhash Anand: 
B2C mining. 
Tarun Sinha: 
Okay. So Tarun here. Thank you for your question. So one thing which -- the way we are looking 
at B2C is in the -- we now start to call it as a downstream business of DMSL because I think 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
earlier in the call, there were some -- there was one question on DMSL as an entity and things 
like that. So as an entity, DMSL has got its own upstream and downstream businesses. 
 
Upstream business is largely TAN and supported by its own ammonia, as was answered in the 
previous question from now. And the downstream is the B2C part, which you are talking. So 
first, I wanted to clarify, not just for you, but for all the callers. And the way we measure 
downstream is through that model, through that B2C model, we connect with -- directly with the 
mining companies, the end consumers. So there are various ways we do that, and there are 
different go-to-market models that we adopt for that. 
 
But that's where I would like to leave it at. It's growing. It's growing in its own way, driven by 
the mining -- the growth in mining and infrastructure. And our share is slowly, slowly improving 
there. 
 
Having said that, as we will have the new TAN facility in Gopalpur in a few months from now, 
again, the mix will look a little bit different because we've got a range of products coming in 
Gopalpur also to market. So what we will have to see is not downstream as the overall mix in 
the revenue, but in terms of absolute numbers, whether it's growing or not. And the answer is 
yes, in absolute number, it will be growing in line with the market growth. 
Subhash Anand: 
And just to add to Tarun, our strategy -- or just now or just a couple of questions back, we talk 
about acquisition in explosives. So that also is part of our downstream journey, how do we take 
that downstream journey and speed up that journey in that. So all actions are in place, we want 
to make that business grow and then meaningful for us. So we are working in that direction. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Sheel Kumar Shah from Sameeshka Capital. 
Sheel Shah: 
My question is on the fertilizer side. So I could see that our trading business revenue has 
significantly increased, probably for 2Q and this quarter as well. So what is driving that? I mean, 
is it going to continue for 4Q and probably next year as well? And what type of margins do we 
make on this trading side? Yes. 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. The strategy in our fertilizer business is simple. I call it -- our focus is to grow specialty 
and crop-focused business. And that's how we are looking Croptek and specialty's growth 
happening in overall side. We have a limited manufacturing facility, but it's fungible. 
 
So our priority will always be dedicating our manufacturing facilities more and more towards 
Croptek. At the same time, we have a brand. We have a market presence. So if we see a demand, 
we will look at trading route to fulfill that demand of Smartek and other products. So that's the 
strategy, which we'll continue to take. 
 
Yes, specialty products do have a margin profile, which is, I'll say, elevated compared to rest of 
the profile. But at the same time, when we are looking at traded versus manufacturing, even if 
we go with trading, we see we maintain a right margin profile even with that journey, and that's 
what the focus will continue to have. Our strategy is to focus on Croptek and specialty and grow 
that in a big way. For us, trading is an opportunity. We'll keep looking that way. 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Sheel Shah: 
So I mean, do you mean that when you say trading, it's like a B2B of whatever manufacturing 
we have done of Smartek or Croptek products or it's like getting products from somewhere and 
probably importing and then selling to the market? 
Subhash Anand: 
No, we do -- it's not a plain vanilla product what we import and sell. Even if we import, we have 
our own process, which we need to apply to make a customer -- a product which is differentiated 
and which match to our product differentiation and quality. So we follow that route. But yes, we 
do -- if we see an opportunity and if manufacturing capability is not good enough, we are open 
to looking at that opportunity through trade route and then doing a few processes in-house to 
make it the right product for our quality levels and for our customer level. 
Sheel Shah: 
Okay. So do you think this to continue in 4Q and probably 1Q as well? 
Subhash Anand: 
We are -- that's what I'm saying that our focus is more on Croptek and specialty. That's our 
priority. But this is an opportunity business. We are in market. If we see a demand, we'll continue 
with this journey. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Dev Mehta, an individual investor. 
Dev Mehta: 
So yes, I have one question with respect to our forward integration in the TAN business into 
explosives. So are we directly competing one of the largest mining explosive manufacturer in 
India? 
Tarun Sinha: 
Yes. So our business model is likely to be quite different from the existing players in the 
explosives industry in India. And the main difference will be the offering that we will make to 
the mining companies, mining contractors, infrastructure projects. 
And that will be that our proposal and our offering will be more on the outcome-based, more on 
the solution-based rather than on the product sell based, which means eventually, we will be 
guaranteeing some KPIs, some deliverables to the mine owners, mine operators, mine 
contractors, which others are not doing. And that's the very big difference in our business model 
compared to what currently prevails in the country. 
Dev Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, the second question is the $430, $450 savings, which was mentioned, was at 
EBITDA level? Breakeven, breakeven, I mean, the $430, $450... 
Subhash Anand: 
That's EBITDA level. 
Dev Mehta: 
So in our previous con call, sir, it was mentioned as $350. So why is there so much difference? 
Subhash Anand: 
There are always, I'll call it, 2 things which one need to see. One is the gas prices, where it is. 
Second is with GST reduction or lower GST rate, the incentive has come down. So that impact 
also now got factored in. 
Dev Mehta: 
Okay. So sir, this much difference, it will have approx. -- almost $80 if we -- because for 
calculation purposes, what should we take as a sustainable basis for savings amount? Because 
when we take $350, then we are breaking even at a very low level considering the ammonia 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
prices have reached $500. So there is a $150 of savings we can see here. So if you can just guide 
me through that. 
Subhash Anand: 
In fact, if you see, the incentive benefit itself, which 9% local sales tax coming down to 2.5%, 
itself is sizable on the overall volume, and that's what the impact is. Now, what we are seeing 
basically, currently -- current, last quarter, Middle East FOB was around $420, $430. At that, 
we were almost at breakeven last quarter. 
But that was at a gas price, which is prevailing today. Now, with a new contract coming in, we 
do see a substantial gas prices reduction, and that will bring our breakeven down in double-digit 
percentage terms, I'll say, at this point of time. So that will bring the overall breakeven much 
lower and will make the PCL profitable. 
Dev Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, last question, with respect to our TAN business only, if we are looking for 
forward integration, so are we looking at any potential acquisition in the smaller explosive 
companies to get all the licenses in place, so maybe if we can intend to sell products in future, 
we can do the same? 
Subhash Anand: 
We are not -- we have all options open. We'll see what is fit for our strategy, and we'll keep 
doing those steps. As Tarun spoke just a few times, we had one acquisition in pipeline for which 
we have done a communication, not yet concluded, but the opportunity, if it comes and if it 
makes a business case, we are open for that. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Subhash 
Anand, President and Chief Financial Officer, for closing comments. 
Subhash Anand: 
Thanks, and thanks, everyone, for taking out time and having a conversation. Look forward 
connecting with all of you. I understand we are not able to take all the questions because of time 
constraints. So in case you feel, please do reach out. We'll be able to answer those questions on 
a one-on-one basis or any further clarification. But thanks, everyone. Look forward connecting 
again next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Deepak Fertilisers, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
                                             For further information, please contact: 
Subhash Anand 
President and CFO 
subhash.anand@dfpcl.com 
+91 20 6645 8797 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability 
 
Reg. and Corp. Office: Sai Hira, Survey No.: 93, Mundhwa, Pune - 411 036, India 
Web: www.dfpcl.com 
CIN: L24121MH1979PLC021360 
 
