 
 
 
Brainbees Solutions Limited                                                                              CIN: L51100PN2010PLC136340 
Corporate/Registered Office:- Rajashree Business Park, Plot No. 114, Survey No. 338, Tadiwala Road,                           
Nr. Sohrab Hall, Pune – 411001 Contact: +91-8482989157 Email Id:legal@firstcry.com  Website: www.firstcry.com 
 
FC/SE/2025-26/89 
 
February 20, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: FIRSTCRY 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 544226 
 
Sub:   Transcript of the Earnings Call on the unaudited financial results for quarter and nine months 
ended December 31, 2025 
  
Ref:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“Listing 
Regulations”) and our earlier intimation dated February 10, 2026 bearing reference no. 
FC/SE/2025-26/83 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 and Regulation 46 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, 
please see enclosed herewith transcript of the Earnings Call with the Analysts/Investors held on Friday, 
February 13, 2026 post announcement of Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) 
of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025. 
 
The audio-video recording of the Earnings Call along with the Transcript has been uploaded on the 
Company’s website and the same can be accessed from the link provided below: 
https://www.firstcry.com/investor-relations/quarterly-results  
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Brainbees Solutions Limited 
 
 
Mandar Joshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
Mandar 
Chintaman 
Joshi
Digitally signed by 
Mandar Chintaman 
Joshi 
Date: 2026.02.20 
18:57:10 +05'30'

 
 
 
1 
 
 
“Brainbees Solutions Limited (FirstCry) - Earnings Call 
Q3 and 9M’FY26 Results” 
February 13, 2026, 6.00 p.m. IST 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Managing Director & CEO 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Chief Business Officer 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
Country Head, Middle East Business 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
CEO, Globalbees 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Investor Relations 
 
 
 

 
 
 
2 
 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Good evening, everyone.  
 
Welcome to Brainbees Solutions Limited Q3 and 9M’FY26 
earnings call. This is Anish Arora, and I have with me, Mr. 
Supam Maheshwari, Managing Director and CEO of the 
Company, Mr. Gautam Sharma, Group Chief Financial Officer, 
Mr. Vivek Goel, Chief Business Officer of the Company, Mr. 
Abhinav Sharma, Country Head of Middle East Business 
Operations and Mr. Anuj Jain, CEO of Globalbees. 
 
Kindly note that this call is meant for analysts and investors of 
the Company. We wish to highlight that the call is being 
recorded and by participating in this event, you consent to 
such recording, distribution and publication. All participants 
have been muted as per the default mode and participants 
will be unmuted once we open the Q&A forum for the 
members to ask questions after the presentation from the 
management concludes. 
 
We will be covering the presentation in the beginning of the 
call and we will thereafter open for the Q&A forum. We would 
like to point out that some of the statements made in today's 
call may be forward-looking in nature and the disclaimer to 
this effect has been included in the investor presentation 
shared with you.  
 
With this, I request Mr. Supam Maheshwari to take it over. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Good evening, everyone.  
 
Once again, welcome to our Q3 and nine month performance 
for FY26. We will be covering both Q3 and nine months as well 
as the segmental performance of all our four business 
segments. Financial summary, business overview, and some 
other supplementary information is attached in the 
presentation uploaded.  

 
 
 
3 
 
 
Straight diving into the Q3 and nine months performance. 
Happy to share that we have been PAT positive on a consol 
level for the Q3 FY26 adjusted for ESOP cost. Also, for the nine 
months, adjusted EBITDA has increased by 25% year-on-year 
basis and we continue to remain cash flow positive for nine 
month FY26. On segmental updates, India multichannel 
business witnessed sequential improvement, as we had 
promised in our earlier calls, as well, despite relatively muted 
consumer sentiment.  
 
If you look at the right-hand side, you will notice that we had 
on Q1, 7.5% year-on-year growth, Q2 7.9%, and Q3 has been 
8.9% growth. And we faced certain challenges around supply 
chain volatility, otherwise our growth would have been 
around 11% for Q3 year-on-year basis. We have undertaken a 
lot of initiatives that we have spoken about in the past. We 
will speak more during the course of the presentation. We 
strongly believe that with those initiatives, structurally our 
growth rate for both online and offline channels will remain 
much superior in FY27, as those initiatives would have taken 
certain scale and size. We continue to remain PAT and free 
cash flow positive in India multichannel for the nine months 
FY26.  
 
For the International business, we witnessed elevated 
promotional activities led by the two horizontal e-commerce 
players that we have spoken about a few quarters back as 
well. However, we have continued to remain laser focused on 
sustainable growth and not participating in those events. And 
maintaining our focus towards reducing adjusted EBITDA 
losses, which has reduced by 25% year-on-year basis for Q3 
FY26 and 36% for the nine month FY26.  
 
Globalbees delivered another strong quarter of organic and 
profitable growth. Core categories delivered 30% year-on-

 
 
 
4 
 
year growth in nine months FY26. And adjusted EBITDA of 
close to 70 crores post corporate expenses.  
 
Moving further, you will see, these are snapshots for our 
consol business. AUTC grew by 10% and GMV for online, 
offline and international business grew by 10% and revenue 
from operation grew by 12%. And Adjusted EBITDA of consol 
business stands at 6.3% and India multichannel at 10%. Cash 
profit after tax grew year-on-year for Q3 by 23%. For the nine 
month performance, on the consol basis, AUTC again grew by 
10%, revenue from operations grew by 11% over nine months 
compared to last year nine months. And our consol adjusted 
EBITDA grew by 25% on year-on-year basis. India 
multichannel adjusted EBITDA was at 9.3% and cash profit 
after tax grew by 72% on an equivalent 9-month basis. 
 
With that, I would like to move to the segmental performance 
and hand over to Vivek for talking about our India 
multichannel segmental performance. Vivek. 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. I will share some key updates 
about the India multichannel business.  
 
So, as Supam also mentioned that we saw sequential 
improvement in year-on-year growth rate for the revenue. 
And this was despite, a bit of muted consumer sentiments in 
Q3, that we witnessed. We also saw (voice break)  
 
which contributes to 85% and continues to perform well. We 
also witnessed, as Supam was mentioning, some supply chain 
volatilities in a few select categories. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
 
Vivek, we missed last 15-20 seconds.  
If you don't mind, can you please speak from the point 2 
again? 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Sure, sure. Am I audible? 

 
 
 
5 
 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Yeah 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
 
So, as I was mentioning that we witnessed some heightened 
competitive intensity in the diapering category during the 
quarter, which led to pressure on growth and margins. Our 
non-diapering portfolio, which contributes to 85%, about 85% 
of our GMV, remains robust and continues to perform well. 
We also witnessed, as Supam had mentioned, some supply 
chain volatilities in a few select categories, which impacted 
overall growth by 200 bps in Q3’FY26.  
 
Anish, if you can move to the next slide. We saw about 9% 
growth in Q3 FY26. At a nine months level, we saw about 8% 
growth. And if I talk about adjusted EBITDA, at a nine months 
level, we saw growth of about 6% to 395 crores. 
 
Supam, do you want to take this slide? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yeah. So, I think I just wanted to give you the new initiative 
updates that we had been talking about, a few of them and a 
few new ones, one significant new one that we'll speak about. 
 
As in the last few quarters, we have mentioned that we had 
some customer experience issues through third-party logistics 
service providers, and we had taken our own logistics 
initiative to serve our customers. And the last time when we 
had talked about, we had expanded our logistics service, we 
branded it as RocketBees, that's our own internal in-house 
logistics initiative. And this is a totally asset-light model we 
have spoken about in the past. We maintain the entire tech 
stack here. These are third-party, dedicated service providers 
who are working on that tech stack. Regional, local ones to be 
able to work with us directly, and directly work for FirstCry 
shipments. This, RocketBees initiative has expanded in less 
than 9 to 10 months from the time we started from the 
scratch. Last time when we spoke about, we had expanded to 

 
 
 
6 
 
13 cities, now we have expanded by December end to 22 
cities. And happy to share that with this increased volume and 
increased number of cities, we have witnessed 20% 
improvement in delivery TATs, resulting in much superior 
growth and customer experience than what we had, when we 
started this initiative. We continue to expand this, we believe 
we should be able to cross close to around 45 to 50% of our 
total volumes by the middle of this year. So this is an initiative 
on RocketBees which has given us tremendous boost and will 
continue to give us superior customer experience in times to 
come.  
 
While we built this architecture of RocketBees and our own 
delivery initiative, we had also been cognizant of the fact that 
customers in India, overall have been experiencing a desire to 
get the products much faster than has been traditionally been 
served a few years back. And over the next few years, that 
desire to get products much faster will continue to only 
increase and improve. With that in mind, to cater to those 
expectations of the customers, we started a new initiative 
called Firstcry Qwik. We are currently underway on a pilot in 
three cities, in Pune, Bangalore and Hyderabad, where we not 
only serve our diapering category, but service all other full 
range of products, including baby gear, nursery, fashion, toys, 
everything that we normally serve across all categories. And 
we are leveraging our COCO stores in these three cities as a 
pilot, in few pin codes, to begin with and few of our stockist 
network and also we'll be extending it to the dark stores. With 
that, we believe over a period of time, we’ll be able to 
leverage our 1,200 stores over a period of time once we 
streamline the entire tech product as well as the supply chain, 
ops for the entire FC Qwik, to be able to deliver all products. 
Currently, we are promising three hours, as a promised 
delivery. We intend to reduce promised delivery over a period 
of time. The objective here is to ensure that we remain future 
proof, foolproof, in terms of being able to meet customer 
expectation, while RocketBees will continue to serve across, 

 
 
 
7 
 
over a period of time, a large number of cities, not just only a 
few hours, but SDD, NDD and, across states deliveries as well. 
FC Qwik is, as a pure few hours delivery is what we are 
endeavoring to deliver to cater to the future requirements of 
our young mothers and young fathers.  
 
Third initiative, that we have spoken in the past is going to 
take shape in SS’26, which will help us address more footfalls, 
more conversions through realigning product portfolio by 
getting into a width to a depth strategy. Part of our product 
portfolio will move to a depth strategy, releasing the COGS 
benefit to the MRP reduction, getting to a wider audience and 
enabling us to have better conversions.  
 
So with all these three initiatives, we remain super, super 
confident about structurally delivering superior growth in 
FY27, once these policy initiatives are fully rolled out.  
 
Yeah, I'll hand over to Abhinav for International business 
update. 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. One second, I think I have a tech 
glitch. Can you hear me, guys? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Yes. 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
 
Alright. Good evening, everyone.  
 
So our story for Q3, looking back at Q3 this year, we 
witnessed, as Supam had mentioned in his first slide, we 
witnessed very elevated promotional activities, led by the two 
horizontals that we've spoken about in the previous quarters 
as well. However, we on our part stayed relentless with a 
razor sharp focus on not participating in that kind of a frenzy 
or negative spiral, as we call it, and wanted to ensure that we 
are on a path to sustainable growth with improvement in our 
gross margins. Anish, next slide, please.  

 
 
 
8 
 
So, having said that, we expanded our gross margins in like-
for-like quarters by 150 bps and over a nine month 
comparative period by 180 bps. We also saw a reduction in 
our EBITDA losses from 15% to 11% in percentage terms and 
in absolute value about 25% reduction, like-for-like quarters. 
The same in the nine month comparative period, we reduced 
our losses from 17% to 10% and in absolute value, by about 
36%. So, if you look at the trend, the path that we've sort of 
sustained over the last few quarters. As we've discussed 
previously, we've seen reductions or improvements rather in 
our EBITDA losses. Right from FY23 to FY25, we've reduced 
our losses by 831bps. And if you compare FY25 over the nine 
month period of FY26, we've reduced it by 705 bps. So, a very 
sustained focus on both, a very sustained healthy top line sort 
of a growth. When I say healthy, I mean looking at, ensuring 
that EBITDA losses quarter on quarter and year on year are 
reducing as we speak.  
 
Over to you, Anuj. 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
Thanks Abhinav. Good Evening, everyone.  
 
Here's the update on Globalbees. As you're aware, over the 
last few quarters, we've been speaking about rationalizing 
certain brands because they were delivering a relatively lower 
revenue growth as well as incurring losses. And we believe 
that we should be able to complete this rationalization in the 
first quarter of FY27. Therefore, we'll first focus on the core 
categories performance for nine months FY26. We did a 
revenue of 1,417.4 crores, which was a 30% year on year 
growth. If I were to compare this to H1 as well as quarter one 
of this year, we were at very similar levels of growth of 30%. 
So as of now, we're delivering pretty consistent 30% growth. 
Adjusted EBITDA was 69.8 crores, which is 4.9%. If you look at 
the consolidated view, it's been a good quarter and it's been 
a good nine months. In the last quarter, we delivered a 22% 
growth from 422.3 crores to 515 crores. And even on a nine 

 
 
 
9 
 
month basis, the growth has been 22%. So again, the overall 
story of growth is consistent across the year. All of this growth 
has been organic, the last acquisition that we made was in 
September 2022.  
 
Moving on to the adjusted EBITDA. The adjusted EBITDA for 
the last quarter grew by 147% year on year and moved from 
1.4% in the previous year to 2.9% this year. If I look at it on a 
nine month basis, we grew by 54% and from 1.6% in the 
previous year to 2% this year. We just look at the overall trend 
of adjusted EBITDA that we've seen over the last few years. In 
FY23, we were at minus 5%. In FY24 and 25, we moved to a 
zero and 1%. And in this year's nine months, we're at 2%. 
However, again, looking at if I were to remove the brands that 
we're rationalizing, and if I was to focus only on the core 
categories, the adjusted EBITDA becomes 4.9%.  
 
So that sums up the Globalbees update. Thanks 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So this is the consol performance of all the segments put 
together. So while three segments were just explained by 
Vivek, Abhinav and Anuj, the fourth segment, which primarily 
represents our school business, it continues to perform very 
well. In terms of percentage of EBITDA to the revenue, for the 
Q3, the EBITDA was roughly around 31% and for the nine 
months, it stands around 27%. So that continues to perform 
very well. So if we add all the four segments, what we get is a 
12% year-on-year growth in Q3. Rs.2172 crore increasing to 
Rs.2423 crore. Similarly, if we talk about the nine months 
performance, a growth of 11%. There is some dip in the gross 
margins, as presented and talked about in the previous slides. 
Largely because of some decline in our India multichannel 
business gross margins, which is largely because of 
heightened competitive intensity, especially in the diapering 
category that we have seen in Q3. And the second one is a 
drop in gross margins in Globalbees business. While it 
continues to improve EBITDA, the gross margins have reduced 

 
 
 
10 
 
because of two reasons, one is a drag on gross margin because 
of the other categories, which is non-core, other than the core 
categories. And the second one is some change in the revenue 
recognition policy of Flipkart that has reduced the margin. 
However, on our EBITDA level, Globalbees continues to 
perform very well. With this gross margins and the revenue 
growth, what we achieve in terms of EBITDA is a 25% year-on-
year growth for the nine months FY26 over FY25, which is 
from 5.1%, we have reached to 5.8% of EBITDA.  
 
All the business segments continue to see EBITDA growth on 
a nine-month basis. India multichannel increasing by 6%, 
Globalbees increasing by 47%, school increasing by 27% and 
international business, the losses have come down by almost 
36% on nine months. So all the four business segments have 
contributed to the improvement in EBITDA.  
 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari  
 
Yeah, happy to take questions. 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, team. We will now move on to Q&A. I now request 
participants to raise the hand for asking questions. We will 
unmute you one by one, and you will have access to the mic. 
Please introduce yourself and the name of the organization 
you represent. The participants are also requested to limit 
their questions to a maximum of 2. For any follow-up 
questions, you may join the queue again.  
 
First question is from Mr. Sachin Dixit. Sachin, please unmute 
yourself. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
 
Hi, Supam and Gautam. I have three questions. The first one 
was on our brand partnership. So while yes, we are struggling 
with growth for sure, but I also noticed that in the nine-month 
FY26 period, the number of brand partners we have is actually 
lower than what we had last year. What is happening there? 
Is it also driving some of the headwinds that we are facing? 
 

 
 
 
11 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Yeah. So you want to complete the questions? Okay, we can 
address this particular point. You're talking about from some 
8,000 number to some … 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
 
7,800. Yeah. 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
That point absolutely needs to be ignored because those 
brands don't even contribute, less than 0.5% of our revenue. 
So you can continue to ignore that. That's, we are rationalizing 
at our end to be able to manage our own curation in a much 
smarter way. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Understood. I mean, largely for most marketplaces, one 
would be anticipating that the number of brands goes up 
rather than goes down. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
No, Sachin, that's not a metric that really impacts us. So 
nothing to worry. It's completely to be ignored because that's 
not the brands that are contributing much. There are a lot of 
mompreneur brands and there are a lot of new brands that 
come and go, they completely get wiped out over a period of 
time in their own journey. A lot of entrepreneurs, young 
mompreneur as well. So we can't continue with them once 
they can't give us the sort of customer experience of the 
products that we are requiring for. So we take those calls as 
well in terms of curation of the brands that we are catering 
to, for our customers. So, but these are long tail, I would say 
the far end of the long tail. So nothing to worry about at all.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
No impact on revenue, Sachin 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Yeah, no impact. Zero. 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Okay. On the second question, on our own supply chain 
initiative, right. I mean, obviously I think this question has 
come up earlier as well. You had XpressBees, which as far as 
media reports suggest is faltering. And now you are again 

 
 
 
12 
 
doing a RocketBees. Do you, I mean, how certain are you that 
you really need to build this, right? I mean, as far as the 
broader e-commerce goes, one large layer, which is shipping 
like 2 billion shipments is probably doing insourcing, which 
makes sense probably at that volume. But for your volume, 
how certain do you feel it is needed? And especially in the 
light that we have highlighted supply chain issues now for two 
quarters in a row. So we'll love some color there.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So Sachin, if you look back, last two quarters that we have 
talked about, third-party logistics is hugely dominated by, 
their demand is dominated by players like Meesho and 
others. And the customer sensitivity of, and I wish to mention 
that there is no distinguished service for a player like us versus 
someone else. So, while we are very, very particular, the kind 
of customers that we are catering to is far more particular in 
metro, Tier I, Tier II or Tier III, whereas players who are 
dominating the demand of some of these LSPs are Tier III plus. 
So the consistency of service doesn't exist there and our 
customers are suffering. So we have to take things, we waited 
for quite some time and I think I acknowledged in the last call 
as well that we were late. But I think we had to take things in 
our own control, in terms of being able to provide that kind of 
a service, which customers will love. And these are young 
moms, young parents who cannot wait beyond the promise 
that you are promising. And on top of it, with I would say, the 
feature of quick commerce and general commerce being so 
pervasive in today's world and today's Gen Z audience and so 
on, so forth, it is very important from our future perspective 
as well, to build our supply chain, which you can tailor to your 
requirements rather than being dependent on the third party. 
It's not like in US where you have a FedEx being same day 
delivery or a one day delivery versus a three day delivery, you 
can decide as a customer, for a shipper like FedEx. In India, we 
don't have that kind of models. So we had to take things in 
control. And for any large e-commerce player like us, I would 
say logistics is a very, very integral part of our journey. 

 
 
 
13 
 
Initially, Xpressbees was built like that. But I think they moved 
in their own direction, in terms of managing their own P&L 
and their own sort of a story. And likewise for Delhivery, 
likewise Shadowfax and so on and so forth. We believe we are 
in much better shape. We track metrics of performance of 
third party, we work with all of them still and we are scaling 
our own RocketBees as well. We are far superior in terms of 
customer experience. As I told in my presentation a few 
minutes back, we have a 20% superior delivery TAT compared 
to the third party logistics. That itself is critical for us to be 
able to provide that experience and it helps in reducing RTOs 
and so on and so forth, which I can talk a lot about it, but I will 
reserve my comment saying that it is important to build that 
architecture and it's an asset light model. It is at the same 
cost. Initially, there is a little bit of a bump up, but as you scale 
and you build your own network in cities, you are able to have 
the similar cost as a third party logistics. So it doesn't come at 
an incremental cost in a medium to long run. And on top of it, 
if you have your architecture, you can actually build an FC 
Qwik kind of a model, which otherwise you cannot. You can 
only dream and wait for the performance to be done by 
somebody else, whereas the core, if you look at any large 
player, everyone has their own fleet, everyone has their own 
model, to be able to deliver that kind of a service. And it had 
to happen, probably it happened now.  
 
We wish, we had anticipated it a couple of years back, but I 
think it was imminent that it happened. And now we feel 
more confident, having taken RocketBees to 28 cities and it 
will continue to grow week on week, fortnight on fortnight 
basis. And as I said, 45 to 50% of our shipment will be done by 
middle of the year, which will mean a lot improved customer 
experience, help us in growth of the same customer, who we 
are serving through RocketBees and on the same architecture 
be able to scale up our FC Qwik as well, which otherwise 
would have not been possible.  
 

 
 
 
14 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Just to clarify Sachin, you talked about the supply chain issues. 
So what we talked about as a supply chain issue is not 
anywhere related to logistics, I am just clarifying that.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yeah, those supply chain were related to sourcing led supply 
chain, not the forward looking supply chain, which is from our 
warehouse to end consumer. 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
So Sachin, just wanted to add on to what Supam was 
mentioning that we continue to work with all third party 
logistics and they are critical for our business. But while 
RocketBees also continue to give us more flexibility towards 
making sure that the consumer sentiment improves and solve 
for micro nuances of the consumers. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Understood. Just my final question on the margin outlook for 
India business, if I can. So we have been generally trending, I 
mean, earlier we were doing 80-90 basis point expansion, 
then we dropped to 50-60. This quarter, it looks like we have 
dropped margin. Is there any new outlook on how margin 
should look like on the India business? That's my last question.  
 
Thank you. 
 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So Sachin, on a medium to long run, nothing changes. I think 
this correction that has happened is largely because of a 
certain heightened competition that we saw in one of our 
categories, which is diapering. We have seen this kind of 
events even in earlier years. These are irrational events that 
has happened. Obviously, we don't control these because it's 
been done by large players. I think once it improves, that 
improvement will come back sharply. But we can't anticipate 
the time. However, our structural improvement in gross 
margin across our 85% of the portfolio will continue to 
happen quarter on quarter, year on year basis. When we 
improve our category mix and improve our home brands mix. 
So that doesn't change at all. Hope that answers. 

 
 
 
15 
 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
 
Yeah, that does. Thank you. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Sachin. The next question is from Ajay Agarwal. 
Ajay, please unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Ajay Agarwal 
 
Thanks. Hi, Supam, Gautam and team. Good set of results. I 
have three questions. I will take the first one on the India 
business. So how are you viewing the new players that have 
emerged in the baby and kids vertical, with one-hour delivery 
being a proposition? There are a couple of the players, I think, 
in the market, especially in the metro cities that have 
emerged in this segment. 
 
So this is my first question. Should I repeat all three and then 
you will take them or you want to take one by one? 
 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
No, no, we can go one by one. It helps to remain focused. 
 
So Ajay, I think, look, your point is fair, but I can just say that 
we have heard about two small venture funded companies. 
Look, these are early days. There is a frenzy of quick 
commerce and I think people are just riding on that 
bandwagon. They're operating out of a single dark store in a 
few catchments of a city like NCR and Bangalore. And scaling 
this model to a level, where they attain scale, build a 
acquisition engine, ecosystem of a certain competitive game, 
or a unit economics, and on top of it, being able to build home 
brands, it will take them many, many number of years. And 
currently their unit economics is at a CM-2 level is so terrible 
that it will take, in our estimate, hundreds of millions of 
dollars for anyone to really take certain shape and size. So in 
our opinion, in our assessment, it's very, very hard to replicate 
what has been built for players like us, by the new players that 
you are mentioning, especially in the quick commerce, baby 
and kid space. So good luck to them and good luck to being 
able to generate hundreds of millions of dollars in investment 

 
 
 
16 
 
to be able to fund their growth and fixing their unit 
economics. 
 
Mr. Ajay Agarwal  
Thanks Supam, it makes sense.  
 
The other question is on International business. So when we 
will be able to turn EBITDA breakeven in the International 
business and by when can we expect the growth to bounce 
back to higher level? 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
 
Hi Ajay. So Ajay, good question, slightly longer answer. Stay 
with me. So Ajay, early days and if you've seen the last few 
quarter results, especially the expansion of gross margins and 
a certain sort of a top line growth as well as reduction in 
losses, I think the path that we've chosen for ourselves here 
for the International business is ensuring that we grow, and 
while we grow, we are very, very focused on reducing our 
losses. First, that's the top most priority because we believe 
fundamentally that while the competition intensity is very 
high. We saw that last quarter also. We must remain very 
absolutely focused on ensuring that we are not joining that 
bandwagon because retaining customers, acquiring the 
quality customers is the top most priority. Especially in the 
ecosystem, which are inducing your CACs to be on the higher 
side or even the CPCs and CPMs to be very high, just because 
of the intensity, we have to remain focused. We are ensuring 
that our home brand mix in the business, what we are selling, 
the mix of home brands is improving, the mix of brands that 
are higher gross margin or higher repeat categories for us is 
improving. While we do that, our profitability path is very 
clear that we are not going to achieve a certain step function 
growth in topline or we are not going to commit to a step 
function growth in topline, while having a steep drop in gross 
margin or steep drop in EBITDA. So the first priority is 
obviously improving or reducing our losses.  
 

 
 
 
17 
 
Having said that, I think three and a half years into KSA and 
about just over five and a half in UAE, still early days. We've 
seen the same frenzy in India, if you go back 10 years or 15 
years in India, we've seen the horizontals play similar sort of 
a business game plan. While they expand the ecosystem for 
e-commerce in the baby and kids category for us and for the 
larger ecosystem, we ride the wave once we have our unit 
economics in a zone where we're very comfortable to press 
on the pedal to grow faster and also breakeven. So very early 
days to commit anything. But definitely India, I think, and 
Supam, you can correct me if I'm wrong, but India, I think, 
took about 10 years to achieve that sort of a profitability or 
breakeven mark. One thing we know is we'll get there faster. 
It'll not take us 10 years. 
 
Mr. Ajay Agarwal 
 
Thanks Abhinav. Thanks for the detailed response.  
 
My last question will be on Globalbees. Anuj, good set of 
results in GB. I heard there was a mention of Flipkart impact 
of some growth in Q3. Can you help us understand how much 
did Flipkart impact growth in Q3? And again on Globalbees, 
any plans on listing of Globalbees? Can you share the 
tentative timelines or any sense on the same? 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
Yeah, Sure. So I would say that overall, with the readjusted 
model that Flipkart has, there has been an impact on the 
revenue level itself. And that has got depressed. Overall, our 
gross margin profile remains pretty, pretty consistent. And at 
a fundamental level, there's no material change in the 
margins of the core business. So really the impact of Flipkart 
we've seen over the last couple of quarters has stabilized and 
in the coming year, I think we should be able to simply grow 
from there. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Ajay, the right way of looking at the Globalbees business is 
you look at the EBITDA growth rate. Which is around 150% 

 
 
 
18 
 
increase year on year in Q3 and roughly 50% increase year on 
year in nine months. I think that's a metric that we should see. 
 
Mr. Ajay Agarwal 
 
Sure. Thanks for patiently answering all the questions. Wish 
you all, best of luck. Thank you. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma  
 
Thank you, Ajay. 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Ajay. The next question is from Mr. Ranjit. Ranjit, 
please unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
 
Hi. Am I audible?  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
 
Yeah. Hi, this is Tejas from Avendus Spark.   
 
Hi Supam, Gautam. Supam, if you can just elaborate a bit our 
plan with RocketBees and Qwik, what exactly are we trying to 
solve here and what it will entail in terms of capital 
commitment and bandwidth commitment in coming period? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
So, look, Ranjit, we have spoken about RocketBees initiative. 
RocketBees is a nomenclature that we have expressed first 
time on this call. But I think this initiative is almost a nine-
month-old. We started somewhere around February, March, 
it's almost like 11, 12 months old now. So we've been 
speaking about a couple of quarters in our earnings call. We 
faced a lot of challenges in late 2024 and in CY25, where 
customer experiences because of our delivery delays and 
painful experiences because of disruption in the last mile 
service provider sort of ecosystem, gave our customers a lot 
of pain. And we waited, we tried all kind of all players, but we 
could not really get the kind of output, the kind of experience 
that we would really desire to give to our customers. And with 
that sort of a landscape that this will not get fixed, because as 
I said, Indian logistics do not provide differentiated service as 

 
 
 
19 
 
what you will find probably in developed nations like US, 
where you can have a shipper ship your order for a priority 
delivery versus a regular delivery. India doesn't have as 
sophisticated nuance at scale and at a cost that you would like 
it to be. And therefore, we had no choice left but to take this 
last mile service sort of a game in our hand. We built totally 
an asset light model. Total tech stack is being built by Firstcry. 
And on that, we have third party logistics, regional local 
players who are providing dedicated manpower, who are 
attached to fulfilling those shipments or delivering those 
shipments to the last mile. Dedicatedly only our shipment, not 
mixing shipment with some other shipper. So with that, we 
have not only improved, I would say the delivery TAT by 
around 20% compared to the third party logistics provider for 
our end customer, but also improve a lot of other metrics in 
terms of RTOs, in terms of, other metrics that come around 
damages and so on and so forth, which essentially means 
superior sort of a customer retention, superior customer 
cohort.  
 
As more and more customers come under the area, under the 
curve of RB, we will be able to improve our growth with higher 
retention and higher LTV from those sort of customers. So it 
will pan out very beautifully for us. Also, I must say in the same 
breath, that it doesn't cost much extra compared to the third 
party LSPs cost. Initially for a few months, it is a bump up, but 
after that, once the city stabilizes onto a higher network of RB 
deliveries, the cost really comes down to the same third party 
logistics sort of service provider cost. So it is something that I 
wish we would have not faced this issue in the first place, but 
since we faced it, we had to build it.  
 
And having built it, there was also a strategic sort of an 
understanding with the undercurrent of last couple of years, 
that couple of quarters, we are seeing how quick commerce 
has been rapidly changing the consumer behavior of getting 
products much faster. With RocketBees sort of architecture, 

 
 
 
20 
 
we are able to now control our destiny or control our 
customer experience for FC Qwik as a model as well. 
Otherwise, it becomes super difficult to just keep waiting for 
third party LSPs to really build a model for you and being able 
to scale up as quickly as you would wish to. That would have 
not happened. So it's just taking things in our control the way 
we did it in 2013. When we started Xpressbees, we had to 
take that in because at that time, there were no LSPs other 
than DTDC and BlueDart and so on and so forth. Historically, I 
don't want to go there and tell you the whole sort of a story. 
You may already know that. So we had to build what we built 
at that point in time. But we had to do another innovation 
again, once again, because of the disruption in the LSP 
ecosystem in the last couple of years, and therefore ended up 
building our own RocketBees, dedicatedly only working for 
Firstcry. So I hope I have answered this question unless you 
have any specific question on this particular point. 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Yeah. Thanks, Supam. This was quite comprehensive.  
 
Just one follow up there, so when we look at a player like 
Nykaa. Now, two years back, they also called out that because 
of logistic issues and other challenges, they are not able to 
give, the customer experience was getting compromised, and 
especially they were getting into Nykaa Luxe also, so they 
wanted it to be much more premium. Now they addressed it 
by investing in fulfillment centers closer to larger markets. 
And as the result shows now, they seem to have solved the 
problem and in a very good way.  So just wanted to know this 
stencil that we are trying to use, or we are using now we are 
committed to, has it been used and hence it gives us 
confidence or we are the first to try it?  Because to our naked 
eyes, Nykaa model also seems to be doing fine, which also had 
similar challenges as we had. 
 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So I'll just tell you the broad difference between us and some 
other players that you are mentioning. Look, we are a mini-

 
 
 
21 
 
horizontal in some sense. We are shipping from a 10 gram 
diaper pin to a 30 kilogram toy car. So our supply chain, our 
logistics model is far, far different than half a kg of a shipment 
of a typical sort of a fashion or a beauty, BPC as a product 
category. So the supply chain is far, far different right from 
storage to a line-haul, mid-mile, first-mile and last-mile 
perspective. So I think it is very, very complex. So it cannot be 
compared with what you are mentioning in real terms. 
Therefore, while things may work out with others in a 
different way, same paintbrush cannot be applied onto our 
kind of a mini-horizontal, product mix, where the spectrum of 
the product in physical form or a volumetric form is far 
different than what the others are providing. So we had to 
build, what we therefore built. And as you will remember, we 
already have 85 warehouses, somewhere around 83 or 85 
warehouses, from a proximity standpoint. That network, we 
built it a fairly long period of time back. In fact, we were the 
pioneers of building a sort of dark store, when the dark store 
model as a name, nomenclature did not exist. We built our 
first so-called, today's dark store, in 2013, or 2014, 
somewhere around that. So we have been fairly innovative in 
those terms. We enjoyed the fruits of that journey fairly early 
in our overall 15-year journey. But I think things change, 
environment changes, service models change, consumer 
expectations change, and we had to re-innovate, reinvent 
ourselves. And that is where it led to building what we have 
built now. This will be long lasting. This will be very strong 
pillar of our growth going forward.  
 
In fact, in the cities that we are already delivering through RB, 
we see a very significantly higher growth than the cities that 
we do not have RB today. I hope that really gives you, and it's 
significantly different. So therefore, that gives us internal sort 
of a boost as well, that what we're doing is right, not just 
vanity metric, in terms of customer satisfaction, but also in 
terms of real growth, that we'll be able to demonstrate once 
more and more customer experience RB and the RB network 

 
 
 
22 
 
increases to many more cities. And we'll be able to 
demonstrate our India multichannel growth or online growth 
into a very different curve in FY27. We mentioned that in our 
presentation, and hopefully we'll continue to demonstrate 
sequentially, not just FY27, but sequentially a superior growth 
in our India multichannel.  
 
We are super confident on that, on back of these initiatives, 
in fact.  
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
 
In a way, this is a long term investment. It is a long term 
benefit that we are building for the consumers. So it is 
important from that window as well for us. 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
 
And just for last, if I may squeeze in a follow up there. What 
percentage of our revenue or client pool or customer pool will 
we be able to service with this initiative, by let's say in next 
two quarters and by the end of FY27? And you have said that 
witnessing 20% improvement in TAT, wherever we have 
implemented this. So other than TAT, this customer 
experience shows up in which KPI? And how we should think 
of it translating into financials going ahead.  
 
That's all from my side. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
 
So as I alluded, we are witnessing significant superior growth.  
 
So if you're talking about 8.9 or maybe 11, if you want to iron 
out the supply chain deficiencies, that we witnessed in 
quarter three, you can apply definitely a much superior 
growth than that. We have in cities where we have RB, we're 
talking about mid-teens plus growth. So as we expand our 
RocketBees network to more and more cities, we should be 
able to expand that mid to late teens growth model in those 
cities as more and more customers really get area under the 
curve. So as I said, Rocketbees, by middle of the current 

 
 
 
23 
 
calendar year, we should be able to touch 45 to 50% of our 
overall shipments. 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Thanks and all the best for coming quarters. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Thank you, Tejas. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Tejas.  Next question is from Vineet. Vineet, please 
unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Vineet 
 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity.  
 
So just a follow up on FC Qwik, I get your point around the 
third party logistics, but how would you view Q-commerce 
players as our competition who are delivering within say like 
10 to 15 minutes, and what will be our value proposition if we 
are, if our delivery promise is two to three hours? So is it going 
to be the assortment depth or it will be largely pricing led? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
So Vineet, if you think, let us go back into the shoes of a mom. 
Typically, our AUPT is fairly high compared to a quick 
commerce. A mother typically will put multiple number of 
units in a typical order. Number one. Number two, our 
assortment itself, we are talking about not just diapering or 
consumables, we are talking about entire fashion, footwear, 
and baby gear, nursery, toys, the entire product categories 
that we serve in a regular business, is also being served in the 
FC Qwik. So it's a very different experience. And today we are 
leveraging, on a pilot basis, in these three cities, on few pin 
codes, through our COCO stores and through our current sort 
of warehouse. Over a period of time, we will be leveraging 
close to around 1,200 of our COCO stores as we progress 
further. That will give us an extremely high operating 
leverage, and as well as in certain pin codes, we will also be 
able to increase coverage of dark stores as well.  
 

 
 
 
24 
 
So over a period of time, we believe that while 10 minutes is 
what we are not solving for. The young mother who is 
probably looking for a single item, we are not catering to that. 
And we have talked about there's not so much of an overlap 
between what quick commerce assortment is and what our 
assortment is. We're talking about a full assortment. Just to 
give you an example, in non-fashion assortment itself, we 
have 300,000 SKUs, just in non-fashion assortment. So it's a 
very large assortment that we are talking about. And with 
that, we believe, the objective here is not to solve for 10 
minutes or half an hour. It is to solve for that customer 
experience where they have a certainty that will come in a few 
hours with the full basket that they have ordered for. That is 
what we want to give assurance rather than and to catch on 
to that customer experience is what we want to solve for. And 
that will remain the bulk of the customer experience that 
young mothers or young fathers would want to solve for.  
 
Look, majority of the products that we sell are our home 
brands, that we have already acknowledged in the past. So 
that is not available anywhere. And in particular, babies and 
kids space, there is a challenge on size and scale of brands, 
third party brands that are available. That essentially means 
that customer would come back, would shop with us, and will 
shop more and more with us, provided he gets a certainty on 
a quality of delivery experience, and through FC Qwik, we'll 
raise the bar. That's the objective that we have. We have 
already had a few weeks of FC Qwik already live. Ofcourse, 
you can try it in few, these three cities and some pin codes. 
And the experience or the pilot, our results have been very 
superb for us. We just are ironing out the tech product and 
the overall supply chain, overall efficiency, and we'll continue 
to scale this up.  
 
Like we are giving you RB update, we hope to give you the FC 
Qwik update over next few quarters as we go along. So we 

 
 
 
25 
 
remain super excited on these three initiatives that we've 
talked about today.  
 
Mr. Vineet 
Perfect. So I have a slightly structural question over our 
growth.  
 
While I appreciate our focus on profitability, but over say like 
last four to six quarters, our India multichannel growth has 
moderated significantly versus our own historical growth, say 
like pre listing. And we've also alluded to say sort of weaker 
consumer sentiments. But other multichannel platforms, say 
Nykaa, has grown significantly faster while expanding 
margins. So structurally beyond FC Qwik, what are the other 
levers that we are working on to reaccelerate growth back to 
say like mid teens or higher? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
I think with these initiatives itself. Look, there are always 
many projects and many initiatives that we undertake in our 
regular day to day and which we have not spoken about. But 
these were three large worth mentioning initiatives that we 
spoke about, which will really move the needle. We remain 
super confident about our mid to long term story of being able 
to deliver mid to late teens growth for our India multichannel.  
 
So we remain committed to that. In last three quarters itself, 
in my first slide itself I think we talked about the growth 
increasing, quarter on quarter, year on year basis and 
sequentially for last three quarters. And you will continuously 
see that happening over next few quarters. And I think 
structurally, with these three initiatives, we are destined to be 
able to see that and deliver that without any compromise. We 
don't see any challenge. We have to just execute on these 
initiatives hard, day in day out and ensure that we are 
retaining and delivering those results that you're all 
anticipating. So I think it should happen sooner than later.  
 

 
 
 
26 
 
FY27 will be far superior than FY26. And I didn't mean to say 
back ended. I mean, sequentially quarter on quarter, you 
should be able to see a continuous increasing growth year on 
year. 
 
Mr. Vineet 
Perfect. That's it from my side. Wish the team, all the best. 
Thank you. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you 
  
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Vineet. In the interest of time, we'll just take one 
last question.  
 
Arvind, please unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Arvind 
 
Hey, Hi. Thank you for the opportunity.  
So Supam, like given the unique lifestyle of baby and kids 
product, how we are working to extend our customer 
engagement beyond early childhood and maximize lifetime 
value? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So, Arvind, we have a couple of initiatives, a couple of things 
that we have talked about a few times and maybe … 
 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
It’s in the supplementary slides.  
 
It is in the supplementary slides as well. We cater to products 
from minus nine months, when the mother is pregnant, even 
prior to that, we engage with the mother through our 
parenting platform, which is part of our FirstCry app. From 
there, from that time, once before the mother conceives a 
child from that time itself, we have the product range up to 
12 years of the age of the child. So, many years back, we had 
started the journey from minus nine months to three years, 
then we extended it to six years, then later extended from six 
years to 12 years. We have compartmentalized our app. If you 
look at our front end, a three-year-old mother or a six-month-

 
 
 
27 
 
old, I mean, three-year-old young one mother or a six-month 
young one's mother or a six-year-old kid's mother, will see a 
very different homepage as they progress, as the kids 
progress over age, over time.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Even based on the gender also, it's very personalized.  
 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So it's hyper-personalized from both gender and age and 
being able to show the relevancy of the products and being 
able to therefore retain the lifetime value of the customer 
from almost up to a 15-16 years. Because there are almost 1.5 
kids a family and therefore two, a couple of years of gap, two 
or three years of gap in between first and second child. 
Between almost 15 to 16 years of a lifetime value is what we 
are able to sort of map with driving engagement through the 
product journey that we have been able to build.  
 
Initially, the engagement is from parenting platform, which is 
a far superior engagement but over a period of time, it is 
more, I would say, through the products and the superiority 
of products and our home brand play and the curated play 
through partnership with our thousands of brands is how we 
are able to retain those customers and superior customer 
experience. So that's how we have been able to manage and 
intend to grow the lifetime value and the cohort and 
frequency of customers.  
 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
In fact, in the supplementary slide, there's a slide on the 
revenue cohorts as well. You can refer to that slide in the 
presentation we have shared with the stock exchange. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
 
Thank you, Arvind. That was the last question.  
 
I'll just hand it over back to the management for any 
concluding remarks. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Nothing Anish. Thank you everyone. Thank you for your time.  

 
 
 
28 
 
We promise, we continue to deliver on what we have 
mentioned here. So you'll continue to see improvement in our 
India multichannel growth and overall growth of the 
consolidated business.  
 
Looking forward to seeing you in the next quarterly update.  
Thank you once again. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Thank you, everyone. 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
Thank you. Thank you so much everyone. 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
 
Thank you 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio video 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges on 13th February 2026 will prevail. 
