 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 502219 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: BORORENEW 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Analysts / Investors Conference Call 
Please find enclosed transcript of conference call with Analysts / Investors held on 
Thursday, January 29, 2026. 
You are requested to take the same on records. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Borosil Renewables Limited  
 
 
 
Kishor Talreja 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(Membership no. FCS – 7064) 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 
KISHOR 
HARISH 
TALREJA
Digitally signed by 
KISHOR HARISH 
TALREJA 
Date: 2026.02.03 
14:13:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Borosil Renewables Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
  
 
 
      
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. P. K. KHERUKA – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – 
BOROSIL RENEWABLES LIMITED 
 
MR. ASHOK JAIN – NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
BOROSIL RENEWABLES LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNIL ROONGTA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – BOROSIL RENEWABLES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. DHAVAL PATEL – ASSOCIATE VICE PRESIDENT - 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – BOROSIL RENEWABLES 
LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. ROHAN GHEEWALA – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Borosil Renewables Limited Q3 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohan Gheewala from Axis Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Rohan Gheewala: 
Thank you, Shubham. Good evening. On behalf of Axis Capital, I am pleased to welcome you 
all for the Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of Borosil Renewables Limited. We have with 
us the management represented by Mr. P.K. Kheruka, Executive Chairman; Mr. Ashok Jain, 
Non-Executive Director; Mr. Sunil Roongta, Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer; 
and Mr. Dhaval Patel, AVP, Investor Relations. We will begin with the opening remarks from 
the management, followed by an interactive Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
This is Pradeep Kheruka, Chairman. Good afternoon, and welcome to the Borosil Renewables 
quarter 3 FY '26 investor call. The stand-alone and consolidated financial results for the quarter 
ended 31st December '25 were approved by the Board of Borosil Renewables on Wednesday, 
28th January. Our results and an updated presentation have been sent to the stock exchanges and 
have also been uploaded on the company's website. 
 
We will now discuss the operations of the company on a standalone and consolidated basis. On 
a standalone basis, the company achieved an all-time high quarterly sales of INR386.5 crores 
versus INR275.28 crores in the same quarter last year. And INR378.44 crores in the preceding 
quarter. 
 
The company's EBITDA at INR129.04 crores, which is 33.4% of sales, was a quantum jump of 
518% from INR20.89 crores, which is 7.6% of sales in the corresponding quarter last year, while 
it remains consistent with an EBITDA of INR125.5 crores, which is 33.2% of sales in the 
preceding quarter. 
 
Sales rose by 40% during this period compared to the corresponding quarter last year. Almost 
the entire increase in sales value for the quarter came from increased sales prices. Average ex-
factory selling price during the quarter increased to INR149.97 per millimeter as compared to 
INR104.54 per millimeter in the corresponding quarter last year. This compares with INR147.5 
in the preceding quarter, leading to a significant rise in the margins. 
 
Exports amounted to INR20.74 crores, accounting for 5.4% of the turnover compared to INR16 
crores in the corresponding quarter when exports made up 5.8% of the turnover. Company's 
major markets that is EU, Turkey and U.S.A. continue to face challenges due to low demand.  
 
The domestic demand continues to be steady, even though the anticipated changes in GST and 
prolonged monsoon challenged solar module manufacturers with postponed deliveries. This had 
led to cash flow blockages for the manufacturers and a decline in the selling prices of modules 
affecting the margins. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
 
The delivery situation started to improve towards the middle of December and is now 
normalizing. With 145 gigawatts of module manufacturing capacity, India is now an 
international manufacturing hub. This is expected to rise further to 200 gigawatts by 2027. While 
conventional wisdom projects capacity utilization of module manufacturers to come down, my 
personal guess is the reverse. 
 
With the landmark Indo-European Union free trade agreement now a reality, I foresee the 
European Union to start sourcing a portion of its solar modules from India. If this is handled 
right within the agreement, the solar module manufacturing industry could become a significant 
beneficiary under this agreement. 
 
Coming to solar installations in India. In the first 9 months, these have been around 30 gigawatts 
and another 10 gigawatts can be expected to be added in the last quarter, making a total of 40 
gigawatts in 2025-26 (which would reflect modules glass consumption of about 55 gigawatts) 
as against 24 gigawatts during the previous year. ALMM mechanism for modules implemented 
from April 2024 has led to rush for capacity additions and which many feel could lead to 
overcapacity, which would have its own repercussions in the future. 
 
Considering challenges in grid stability and power evacuation, we see a trend of increasing 
adoption of battery energy storage systems. The cost of fully dispatchable renewable power with 
battery storage is now reduced considerably with aggressive bidding and has come down to 
about INR4.5 per watt peak. 
 
Significant investments are seen in this space. Government has introduced ALMM-II with effect 
from June 2026, mandating use of domestically produced solar cells. It is expected that the solar 
cell capacity, which is currently at 24 gigawatts will rise to 75 gigawatts by 2027, looking with 
the momentum to add capacities. 
 
The next step will be to introduce ALMM-III from June 2028, under which ingot and wafer will 
also be mandated to be locally produced. These measures will ensure building up of a local 
supply chain and ecosystem. While we expect the strong demand for glass to continue, we are 
in dialogue with the government to develop and introduce measures to ensure a continued robust 
demand for all domestic components, including solar glass. 
 
Present solar glass capacity in the company is 2,600 tons per day, which translates to about 18 
gigawatts. Considering the expected current demand of about 55 gigawatts on DC basis for 
domestic installations, imports occupy about 70% share of the consumption, leaving huge scope 
for capacity addition for import substitution. 
 
We understand that new capacity additions, majority being for captive consumption from the 
existing and new players will take the total domestic capacity to about 51 gigawatts by March 
'27, which will still be short of the real demand. 
 
CVD on imports from Malaysia set to expire on 8th March 2026 has now been extended by 3 
months to 8 June 2026 since DGTR is considering the sunset review.  We expect the authority 
to issue the final findings in the next couple of months. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
 
Now I come to the consolidated results for the quarter, which include the operations of the 
subsidiaries. The overseas subsidiaries, including the step-down subsidiaries have generated net 
revenue of INR3.96 crores and EBITDA of INR1.9 crores for quarter 3 financial year 2026 
against net revenue of INR0.43 crores and a negative EBITDA of INR5.08 crores in the previous 
quarter. 
 
The consolidated net revenue for the quarter under review stands at INR390.46 crores and an 
EBITDA of INR130.94 crores as compared to net revenue of INR378.88 crores and EBITDA 
of INR120.42 crores in the preceding quarter. 
 
The wholly owned German subsidiary, Geosphere filed for insolvency after the German bank 
ILB demanded payment of capital subsidy of EUR 4.81 million given by them to GMB to 
support capex plans as GMB has undergone insolvency. Geosphere has denied obligation to 
make such payment as the condition of operating GMB for 5 years could not be fulfilled due to 
force majeure situation arising out of inaction by the EU/German government to support 
domestic solar glass manufacturing. 
 
I'm happy to report that the company has been able to achieve significantly better sales and 
EBITDA for the last few quarters on the back of improved domestic operations. Sales on a 
standalone basis for 9 months in this financial year at INR1,097 crores, showing an increase of 
40% for the corresponding 9 months in the last year and an EBITDA of INR347 crores shows a 
jump of 235% over the corresponding 9 months. With that, I would now like to open the floor 
to questions that you may have. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question comes from the line of Vikram Sharma from 
Niveshaay. Please go ahead.  
Vikram Sharma: 
My first question is what would be a trigger for announcing further capacity expansion if demand 
remains very strong and if we see other players are announcing aggressive expansion plans. And 
we also have feedback from the market that Borosil offers the best quality among Indian players. 
So if we are unable to supply, then definitely demand may shift to other manufacturers. So how 
we -- what is management's view on this and how are you thinking? 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
It's like this that there has been a very significant increase in the number of new participants. So 
with the increase in number of new entrants, there has been a lot of poaching of expert people. 
And when we are now currently in the process of taking up production by 60%, which is quite 
a lot actually and requires a lot of people. 
 
So we are cautious. We don't want to move in a hurry and not be able to manage the situation. 
So I guess that should answer your question. But we are very conscious -- we are acutely 
conscious of the increased demand, and we are acutely conscious of the fact that we may have 
to do something about it. Thank you. 
Vikram Sharma: 
Okay. And the second, sir, like what will be the impact of rupee depreciation? So -- hence our 
selling price improved in this quarter? Or are we expecting it will improve further? 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Ashok Jain: 
So you can see in the last quarter, our average realization was INR147.50 and this quarter, it is 
nearly INR150. So some advantage we are gaining out of this depreciation. But it's only marginal 
increase and not a significant one. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nidhi Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Nidhi Shah: 
So I want to know, firstly, on the divestment from the German subsidiary. What are our time 
lines on that? When can we expect the loss to sort of go away from our consol P&L? That's the 
first one. 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
So the answer to that is that you see the company has filed for insolvency. A gentleman has been 
appointed by the court to look into the affairs of the company and see whether liquidation is 
required or some new buyer can be found, et cetera. And until that entire process is complete 
and a final recommendation is placed before the court, the next action cannot be foreseen by us. 
 
Now from our point of view, what we had done was that we had provisioned the entire amount 
of money which we had invested and which had remained outstanding from that company. So 
there is nothing more that we could do. And I mean, that would really be the limit of our 
involvement in the matter by our understanding. So they will... 
Ashok Jain: 
So from the perspective of accounting and losses, we already deconsolidated the balance sheet 
by deconsolidating GMB, which is an operating step-down subsidiary and now we also 
deconsolidated Geosphere, which was a holding company of GMB. So the deconsolidation is 
already done in the balance sheet. So assets have been removed. The investment has been 
removed. 
 
And even the losses, which were in the form of other equity earlier have been adjusted back. So 
all that has been done and there are no more losses. As you can see, the consolidated and 
standalone results, there are hardly any differences. So it is more or less a standalone, which is 
being shown as consolidated now. 
Nidhi Shah: 
All right. My second question would be on the expansion. I can see that we are on track to 
complete by December '26. Is this the entire capacity then? Or are we -- or will we be phasing it 
out? And when can we expect, say, utilization upward of 89% on the expansion? 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
We expect that -- you see the date announced by us had been March '27. And we are discussing 
December '26 based on indications, which you can see today. As you know, setting up a project 
entails a lot of different agencies, a lot of supplies coming together. And it's very difficult to 
accurately predict when all of these will actually come together and then the people required to 
set it up. 
 
We're also going to be looking at a monsoon this year. And that also has a tendency to delay 
matters. So we are -- we expect that always to start one furnace first, stabilize it and then start 
the second one. As matters stand, we are building both the furnaces side by side. So they should 
be getting complete within just a couple of weeks of each other, in my opinion. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Nidhi Shah: 
My last question would be on the macro is that -- where do you think the prices for solar glass 
specifically are headed given that there are a lot of other macroeconomic factors that are 
affecting the prices? Where do we see in the next year probably solar glass prices will go given 
that it's a steady state of tariffs and duties? 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
You see because there is a minimum import price set by the government, the prices which are 
coming in from China are fixed to that. We are looking at what the government might do with 
glass coming from Malaysia because we cannot make -- we cannot hazard a guess. We did have 
a 9.71% CBD on that. So there are only 3 possibilities. It might go down, it might stay the same, 
it might go up. 
 
Whatever that is, the module manufacturers generally, they set their purchase for the longer term 
rather than the shorter term. So wherever we have business, which is ours, which people to whom 
we are supplying, we do not expect there to be interruptions in that. Small changes in prices are 
always possible. So when that happens, that will happen. And to that extent, it's impossible to 
predict anything with certainty. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Deepak Purswani from Svan Capital. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, firstly, I wanted to check it out in -- like we 
mentioned, 70% of the import -- I mean, 70% of the consumption is catered through the import. 
If you can also give a broader sense in terms of the -- like if the ADD on Malaysia is getting 
extended. 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
There is no ADD against Malaysia, you see I have to be accurate in the terms that I use. So there 
is an ADD on imports from China. There is a CVD on imports from Malaysia as it stands. Now 
once the government comes out with its findings, whatever those might be, that we will be able 
to know once the government has said so, which might take us a couple of months. Yes. 
Deepak Purswani: 
So sir, just wanted to check it out, what is the pricing difference between Malaysia and India 
route, Indian manufacturer and Malaysian route? 
Ashok Jain: 
See Indian domestic industry is pricing the products based on the Chinese landed cost. The 
Vietnamese cost and Malaysian cost is slightly below the Chinese cost. But we always try to 
position ourselves as an import substitute for Chinese prices and try to get that much price. But 
the difference between Chinese and Malaysian and Vietnamese pricing is of the order of 3% to 
4% in my view. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay. And just wanted to check it out, is there any further scope for the price hike at the current 
level given the further depreciation of rupee? Or how has been our dialogues with the clients at 
this point of time? 
Ashok Jain: 
We don't foresee a significant change going forward. The prices are quite stable at these prices 
at these levels, and they are fairly competitive in that sense. And we are comfortable at these 
prices. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay. And secondly, sir, if you can also give a broader sense in terms of the -- any raw material 
or fuel cost inflation, which -- I mean, are we facing any... 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
We are not able to hear you completely. 
Ashok Jain: 
We lost the end part of your question. 
Deepak Purswani: 
So just wanted to check it out, sir, if you can give a broader sense in terms of -- are we facing 
any raw material or fuel cost inflation at the current juncture or how we are placed at the current 
juncture? 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
At the moment, we do not see any inflationary tendencies in the cost of inputs. whether raw 
materials or fuel, you see we are living in a very volatile environment, as we all know. And there 
is no doubt about it that the Indo-European Union deal has brought a sense of stability generally, 
not just to India, but to other markets which are not related to us as well. So I don't know that 
there might be any volatility. At the moment, nothing is foreseen. So things look like they should 
be stable. 
Ashok Jain: 
So there have been some increase in prices of 1 or 2 key inputs, but the plant operations have 
worked very diligently in order to remove or say, do away the impact of the price increase of 
that particular input. 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
Increasing their efficiency. 
Ashok Jain: 
They have increased the efficiency. They have changed the batch mix and done many other 
operational adjustments due to which the impact is not felt in the final results. So of course, there 
have been some changes at the price levels, but the team has been able to control the impact. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay. And finally, sir, if you can give the data related to the volume growth in the 9 months. 
And we were also talking some efficiency gains, which we would look out in the existing 
capacity. So if you can just update on that part, that would be really helpful? 
Ashok Jain: 
So the operational gains in the form of volume is about 6% up compared to last year's 9 months. 
And we expect this to continue in the current quarter as well. So on the whole, compared to last 
year, we'll have at least 6% volume growth. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay. And is there a further possibility to optimize or get some more efficiency till the time new 
capacity get operationalized? 
Ashok Jain: 
We keep trying every day, and we are not stopping here at 6%. So obviously, the team is there 
to try for increasing the output further. It would be marginal in my view at least 2, 3 percentage 
is what we can expect. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rikin Shah from The Boring AMC. 
Rikin Shah: 
Congratulations on a steady set of results. Sir, my question is a little on the policy end. So on 
the module manufacturing end, the ALMM policy for cells is going to be implemented in June 
2026, which is going to mandate a large part of cells in the projects to be -- have a good DCR 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
content, I think complete DCR content. So with that logic, I -- on the ground, I don't find enough 
cell capacity in India at the moment. It is being put up. So do you think a temporary demand 
issue could come up because the module manufacturers may not be able to sell if they don't have 
their own cell capacity? 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
There is no bar on the import of cells. So I do not see anybody who has orders for modules not 
being able to manufacture and supply that because the cells can be very easily sourced from 
China. There's a certain price attached to it. That's all. 
Ashok Jain: 
So from your perspective, your question is regarding what happens after June '26. The 
Government and the Industry are working together. And in case the situation comes in where 
the cell capacity cannot ramp up to the current level of module manufacturing and demand, the 
Government and Industry together would be able to find some solution, I suppose. 
 
And the government may come up with some deferment or some leeways for certain projects -- 
certain type of projects, whereby the manufacturing can continue using the imported cells till 
the time the domestic production of solar cell increases to the level of consumption. So we have 
to leave it to the government, I think, but I do not think government will take a stand that the 
module production has to stop if the solar cells are not available locally. 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
I can add one thing about the government that I'm seeing a level of interaction with industry and 
with customers by the government, which I have not seen before. They are very frequent. They 
know exactly what they're doing. And in industry and in consumers, I think we are very satisfied 
and comfortable that the government is doing every single thing possible to increase solarization 
and deployment of solar energy in the country. 
Rikin Shah: 
That helps a lot. The reason I asked is because your commentary is a little conflicting from 
module manufacturers who already have their cells in place. But obviously, that's to each their 
own. Sir, my next question is about the land at Bharuch. So we have obviously been very 
cautious about expansions. But do we have any room for further expansions after the 600 TPD 
is in place? I mean the land space and the utilities? 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
We can easily go for another furnace. It's all there. We have to decide to do it and it can get 
done. In fact, we have all the utilities batch house, everything is ready in case we want to go 
ahead. There's nothing stopping us other than caution. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vanchita Amlani, an individual investor. 
Vanchita Amlani: 
My first question is related to the revenue. What will be the revenue visibility for next 4 quarters? 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
We do not expect any major changes in revenue. And the reason for that is that we are 
manufacturing at full production and selling everything that we make. So I don't think there will 
be much change in revenue. There can be a few percentage points plus or minus, but I don't see 
any major change. 
Vanchita Amlani: 
Okay. So we can say that the end of FY '27 it will be flat quarter-on-quarter? 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Ashok Jain: 
Generally, up to December, it will be similar kind of revenue. And once we start the production 
from the new furnace, which are under construction right now, in the Q4 FY '27, we might see 
some revenue coming from them. And then thereafter, the revenue will increase by 60% as the 
capacity is going up by 60%. 
Vanchita Amlani: 
Okay. My second question is related to the equity. Is there -- will there be any further equity 
dilution? 
Ashok Jain: 
No, there will be no further equity dilution. We are completely funded from the perspective of 
these expansions. And in case we need to expand further, the cash accruals will support us. So 
as of now, there is no plan to raise further equity. 
Vanchita Amlani: 
Okay. And what is our targeted ROCE after 4,600 expansion is on? 
Ashok Jain: 
ROCE will be upwards of 25%. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Mehul Panjwani from 40 Cents. 
Mehul Panjwani: 
Sir, as you mentioned that the government is doing a lot for the solar sector. So what can be 
some of the positive developments from the budget for our company? 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
That's a million dollar question. 
Mehul Panjwani: 
I mean what are some of the possibilities? I know that we don't have any information, but what 
can we expect in terms of what developments we have seen so far in the last 1 year? 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
See, according to me, as far as the solar glass production is concerned, our big ask was for 
antidumping duty, which the government was able to grant us last year. So that part has been 
done. For the rest of it, there are no hiccups in our quest for implementation of our new project. 
And other glass manufacturers also who are trying to implement new glass projects also are 
coming up -- coming online. And I don't see that there's any hiccup from the side of the 
government. 
 
So far as what they can do, it's impossible for me to think, though I can say one thing. Recently, 
we saw in GST, in many items, they reduced the GST from 18% to 5%. And that made a very 
big impact on the sales of those products like automobiles and other things. So in that sense, I 
don't know what the government might do for rooftop solar for -- right now, there's a certain 
limitation on companies being able to set up renewable energy projects. So normally, it's limited 
to 100% of their contract demand. 
 
Now when you set up a project for 100% of contract demand, you will only get about 20% of 
that. So you're still buying 80% from the grid. Now if the government goes up and says we can 
make it double, triple, quadruple, I don't know. That would really set the market on fire. So we 
-- I don't know what the government can come up with in their effort to increase this. 
 
One thing now is there that from a module manufacturing capacity of 10 gigawatts about 3-4 
years ago, we are at 120 gigawatts. So we have the muscle power now in terms of manufacturing. 
And I've also mentioned about the European trade deal. If something works out over there, 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Europe has installed about 70 gigawatts of modules in the year '24. The 25-year figures are not 
yet out. 
 
So if they take, say, even half of that, there will be 35 gigawatts they can buy from India. So, I 
mean, everything is open-ended. This trade deal is a big deal in my opinion. So let us see in what 
way this plays out. 
Mehul Panjwani: 
Sir, my second question is regarding our German subsidiary. Can we say that all the negative 
developments are out of the way now? 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
As we have been advised by lawyers, according to the advice given by our lawyers, there's 
nothing more that can be -- that we can be stuck with. 
Mehul Panjwani: 
And is there any possibility of any positive thing happening? I mean, like the German -- like we 
are able to sell the subsidiary to another company and recover some of the losses? 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
Frankly, I think that is unlikely. 
Ashok Jain: 
The German subsidiary and the manufacturing company is under the control of court now and 
court-appointed administrator. So we have lost the control already. We have deconsolidated the 
balance sheet. It's not in our control now, though we have shares. So it is -- the court and the 
administrator who will take a decision whether to sell the company or they can find any buyer 
or they have to sell the assets of the company, it will be decided by the court and the 
administrator. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Karan Sanwal from Niveshaay. 
Karan Sanwal: 
I wanted to ask what would be the proportion of electricity and natural gas in our power cost? 
And how much savings can be made from addition of renewable energy at the plant that we have 
set up? And how does the recent increase in natural gas pricing, does it affect our power and fuel 
cost? 
Ashok Jain: 
So power and fuel is close to 32% of the cost of production, both put together. And in terms of 
the saving on the power cost, we can save almost 1.5 bps in terms of the incremental margin on 
the company sales. So it's a quite substantial saving which we can achieve through the renewable 
energy deployment, which we are -- I mean, this is slightly delayed from the developer side. So 
this was to be commissioned in September, but we expect it to be commissioned by end of 
February now. 
 
So this will save about INR1.25 crores per month or something like that. And yes, so these are 
the things which we can see in the coming quarters. Natural gas price recently has gone up to 
some extent because of the increase in the prices of the U.S.A gas, the Henry Hub Gas. So we 
have certain benchmark contracts, which are linked to those benchmarks, and we have to pay as 
per those movement in those benchmarks. So the cost has slightly gone up in the last quarters. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Do we anticipate impact on margins due to this increase in prices? 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Ashok Jain: 
It will not be significant because we are doing our bit to save on the consumption in terms of 
both power and fuel and try to optimize our production, which can offset these cost increases. 
So there will not be any significant change in the margins. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Understood. And sir, what would be the proportion of import from Malaysia currently versus 
during the time the ADD was implemented? 
Ashok Jain: 
Say, 2024 before the ADD was levied on China and Vietnam, the imports from Malaysia were 
almost nil. And as soon as the ADD started in December '24, the imports started in a big way. 
Currently, Malaysian imports are to the tune of about 25% of the total imports. And Vietnam is 
about 10%. 65% is basically from China. 
 
So this is a broad composition of the imports as of now. And Malaysia has become significant 
only after the antidumping duty has been levied on China and Vietnam. So it is important for us 
to get the CVD continued so that it does not increase further from here. 
Karan Sanwal: 
So do they have the capacity to increase imports from here as well, the Malaysian domestic 
players? 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes, they have commissioned more capacity in Malaysia. So the capacity is available for export 
to India or to any other part of the world. So that will not be a constraint. So we have to take 
concrete steps in terms of the government to continue leavying the CVD and control the imports 
from Malaysia. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Understood. And one last question is, how much time would we take to stabilize our line and 
the utilization once the lines are commissioned the new lines? 
Ashok Jain: 
We will -- we expect to fire the furnace in December '26. And thereafter, we generally plan for 
3 months trial period to stabilize the production. Now it all depends on the process adjustment 
and behavior of the -- synchronization of all the equipment and furnace. It might be done in 1 
month and It might take 3 months. We have to see. But 3 months is something what we have 
budgeted. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
Thank you very much. It was nice to have the questions from participants. It's very interesting 
to see the amount of interest which investors take in the company and this process. And we 
assure that from our side, we will do our very best to continue to run the company professionally 
and efficiently. Thank you very much. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
