 
 
Ref:  KRBL/SE/2025-26/105                                                                                       February 26, 2026 
  
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 
530813 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
 
 
Symbol: KRBL 
 
Series: Eq. 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, February 19, 2026 on 
Unaudited Financial Results of KRBL Limited for the Third Quarter (Q3) ended December 
31, 2025. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Para A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the 
Earnings Conference Call of KRBL Limited held on Thursday, February 19, 2026 at 04:00 P.M. (IST) 
onwards on the Unaudited Financial Results for the Third Quarter (Q3) ended December 31, 2025. 
 
The same is also available on the Website of the Company at https://krblrice.com/investor-
relations/financial-information/ 
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For KRBL Limited  
 
 
 
 
Piyush Asija 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A21328 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Piyush
Asija
Digitally signed by 
Piyush Asija
DN: cn=Piyush Asija 
c=IN o=Personal
Reason: I am the author 
of this document
Location: 
Date: 2026-02-26 
17:16+05:30

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“KRBL Limited 
Q3 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 19, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANIL KUMAR MITTAL – CHAIRPERSON AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – KRBL LIMITED 
 
MR. ANOOP KUMAR GUPTA – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – KRBL LIMITED 
 
MR. AYUSH GUPTA – HEAD, INDIA BUSINESS – KRBL 
LIMITED  
                                    MR. ASHISH JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
KRBL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

KRBL Limited 
February 19, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to KRBL Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Jain, Chief Financial Officer of KRBL Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ashish Jain: 
Thank you. Thank you to all participants for joining us. Welcome to the Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call for analysts and investors of KRBL Limited. Today, we have Mr. Anil Kumar 
Mittal, Chairperson and Managing Director; Mr. Anoop Kumar Gupta, Joint Managing Director; 
and Mr. Ayush Gupta, Head of the India Business as key speakers on the call. 
 
To begin the call, Anil Ji will share updates on the business, industry and our overall strategy. 
Following that, Ayush will provide insights into the performance and outlook of our domestic 
business. Finally, I will present the financial overview of the company for the third quarter and 
Nine months ended December 31, '2025. 
 
Once the management has concluded their opening remarks, we will open the floor for an 
interactive question-and-answer session. Please note that some of the statements made during 
the call may contain forward-looking information, and actual results may differ from these 
statements. You can refer to KRBL's investor presentation available on the stock exchange(s) 
website and our company's website. 
 
Now I would like to invite Anil Ji to share his views. 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today for KRBL's Q3 FY 2026 Investors Call. I 
sincerely appreciate your continued trust and interest in our company. I will take you through 
the current global rice landscape, the outcome of the 2025 basmati crop season in India and 
Pakistan, price movements over the last quarter and how these developments shape our outlook. 
 
Let me begin with the global rice outlook. According to the latest USDA rice outlook released 
in February 2026, global rice production for '2025-'2026 remains around the mid-540 million 
metric ton level, while global consumption has strengthened and is now broadly aligned with 
production. This tightening consumption-production balance reflects stronger demand in Asia 
and Africa and a pickup in domestic consumption in India. The global rice market, therefore, 
remains stable, but the limited surplus cushion a dynamic that supports continued export 
opportunities for reliable suppliers. 
 
India continues to consolidate its position as world's largest rice producer. Production for '2025-
'2026 is estimated at a record high, supported by increased acreage, favorable farm economics 
and continued productivity gains. While overall production is strong, regional weather pattern 
played a significant role in determining crop quality. 

KRBL Limited 
February 19, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
On basmati, the 2025 harvest, which concluded recently can best be described as adequate in 
volume, but uneven in quality across regions. Acreage remained broadly stable across Punjab, 
Haryana and Western Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and parts of Madhya Pradesh. Adoption of pest-
resistant and higher-yield Pusa varieties continued to improve agronomic resilience. However, 
heavy monsoon spell and localized flooding in parts of Punjab and Haryana during the great 
filling stage resulted in higher moisture content and in some pockets, reduced head rice recovery. 
At the same time, other producing belts experienced normal conditions and delivered strong 
grain length and aroma characteristics. 
 
Turning to Pakistan, the basmati crop outcome has been mixed rather than severely damaged. 
While early flood reports indicated potential losses, subsequent assessment suggests that impacts 
were localized with several growing regions delivering good grain quality and aroma. Since 
October 2025, Pakistan Super Basmati has traded at a premium to Indian 1121 with FOB offers 
broadly in the $1,180 to $1,220 per metric ton range, higher than comparable Indian quotes. This 
reflected tighter premium availability in Pakistan and India's larger overall supply, enabling 
more competitive pricing. 
 
However, higher prices did not translate into stronger volumes. Pakistan export shipment faced 
pressure amid India's renewed competitiveness following normalization of its state policies. 
From an Indian exporter perspective, the fact that Pakistan basmati prices have been trading at 
a premium has reinforced India's competitiveness in several destination markets. This has had 
sustained export growth even amidst geopolitical uncertainty. 
 
On the geopolitical front, the recent concluded U.S.-India trade understanding, which sets an 
import duty of 18% on Indian rice export to the United States provide greater clarity and stability 
compared to the earlier reciprocal tariff uncertainty. While the duty remains higher than the 
historical levels and may influence pricing dynamics in that market, it has brought predictability 
to trade flows and has not materially disturbed India's overall basmati export trajectory. 
 
Shipping disruption previously seen in the Red Sea corridor have eased compared to last year's 
peak volatility, although freight markets remain sensitive to broader geopolitical developments 
in the Middle East. 
 
Now turning to KRBL's performance. Our export revenue for Q3 FY 2026 stood at INR357 
crores compared to INR563 crores in Q3 2025 as the volume in bulk export segment was 
restricted owing to geopolitical tensions. For the 9 months ended, export revenue reached 
INR1,276 crores, reflecting a 21% year-on-year increase. Consolidated revenue of Q3 was 
INR1,476 crores with EBITDA of INR250 crores and PAT of INR170 crores for the quarter. 
These results reflect strong operational momentum and strategic resilience. 
 
We are encouraged by our performance in Q3 and are excited about the opportunities ahead. Our 
balance sheet strength, disciplined procurement strategy and deep sourcing network position 
well to build on this performance and capture value as global demand continues to evolve. 
 
Strategically, our focus remains clear. First, we will continue to prioritize procurement of low-
moisture, high-recovery paddy to protect margins and brand quality. Second, we will expand 

KRBL Limited 
February 19, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
our branded and premium portfolio presence in key international market as reflected in the third 
quarter. Third, we will leverage India's pricing competitiveness relative to Pakistan to deepen 
relationship with large global buyers. And fourth, we remain committed to operational efficiency 
and disciplined capital allocation, including our long-term consolidation plans at Panipat to 
enhance scalability and cost optimization. 
 
In summary, the 2025 basmati season presenting regional challenges, but not structural 
shortages. Global rice demand remains firm and India's production strength supports export 
continuity. 
 
Thank you once again for your continued trust and support. Now I hand it over to Ayush, who 
is in Colombo at the moment, for the domestic business update and detailed financial review. 
Thank you. 
Ayush Gupta: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I will walk you through the performance of our India 
business for quarter 3 and 9 months for financial year 2026. For 9 months financial year 2026, 
domestic revenue, excluding power, stood at INR3,215 crores, growing 6% year-over-year, 
driven largely by higher value. Branded basmati grew by 6%. Branded non-basmati grew 
strongly at 35%. This value-led growth validates the strategic direction we have taken in 
widening our portfolio and improving distribution reach. 
 
In Q3 financial year 2026, our domestic revenue, excluding power, stood at INR1,104 crores, 
staying broadly flat year-on-year. Branded basmati sales remained flat, while branded non-
basmati sales grew by 9%. The quarter performance reflects stability rather than acceleration. 
 
The basmati category saw increased competitive intensity from loose and regional players, 
specifically in general trade and modern trade channels. Lower raw material prices put 
downward pressure on demand and margins. However, KRBL delivered robust margin 
expansion while maintaining volume stability. 
 
Despite competitive intensity, we remain the clear market leader across channels. Our market 
share in general trade stands at 37.8%. In modern trade, it is at 39.3% and e-commerce, we enjoy 
a leading market share of 41.2%. Flat top line with strong margin reflects disciplined portfolio 
management and pricing power. 
 
Our domestic strategy continues to be anchored around 4 clear pillars. First, democratizing 
distribution, our presence across 3.2 lakh retail outlets and reaching to 1.2 crores urban Indian 
households. We are focused on strengthening presence in better quality stores and increasing 
penetration in urban households. Our distribution expansion is becoming more granular, 
especially in underpenetrated towns. Second, remodelling our supply chain. We are building a 
more robust and healthier GTM structure. 
 
Now with 16 C&Fs and 8 super stockist points, we are moving towards a stronger FOR model. 
We have a tighter governance to safeguard against channel infiltration and improve servicing 
and cost efficiency in modern trade and e-commerce. This transformation is enabling wider and 
deeper supply, better serviceability and cost optimization. This will progressively improve 
service discipline and operating margins over time. 

KRBL Limited 
February 19, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
Our third pillar, investing in the brand. During the Diwali festive season, we launched a high-
impact campaign featuring Mr. Bachchan for India Gate Classic. Roughly 4,200 GRPs, 60% 
reach across TV, digital and out-of-home. The campaigns reinforced emotional positioning 
around make every moment Classic and strengthened premium brand saliency. Additionally, we 
executed high-intensity pan-India activations in modern trade outlets, demonstrating category 
leadership and improving in-store visibility. We continue to invest in our brands as we believe 
it supports long-term premiumization and market share recovery. 
 
Our last pillar, foraying into new products and categories. Under the Uplife brand, we are 
expanding into value-added rice for proactive health goals. We now have brown rice for weight 
management, basmati brown rice for gut health and low GI everyday rice for active health. 
Additionally, edible oil sales stood at INR9 crores in 9 months financial year '26, and we expect 
this to scale further in this financial year as our distribution deepens. 
 
To summarize, quarter 3 was stable domestically despite competitive pressures. 9-month growth 
reflects healthy volume expansion. We remain market leaders across channels. Structural 
initiatives in distribution and supply chain are underway. Brand investments are reinforcing 
premium positioning and pricing power. Portfolio expansion through Uplife and adjacencies 
opens new growth vectors. 
 
Our focus remains clear: strengthen the core, premiumize the portfolio, widen distribution and 
build adjacencies, all while protecting margins and long-term brand equity. Thank you. I will 
now hand it over to Ashish for his comments. 
Ashish Jain: 
Thank you, Ayush. I will now take you through the performance for the quarter ended 31st 
December 2025 and also the 9-month period ended the same date. All figures mentioned by me 
would refer to consolidated financials of KRBL Limited. 
 
Coming to the quarter, total income for the quarter stood at INR1,502 crores, lower by 11% over 
the corresponding quarter last year. Export revenue in the quarter is lower due to high private 
label revenue in the same quarter last year. Export revenue, however, increased by 21% in the 
9-month period ended December 2025. Domestic revenue, excluding power, remained flat for 
reasons which Ayush has just explained. 
 
Gross margin for the quarter stood at 30.2% compared to 24.0% in Q3 FY '25, higher due to 
lower average basmati COGS and higher other income during the quarter. EBITDA margin for 
the quarter was at 16.9% versus 12.0% in the same period and is higher due to higher gross 
margin, but was partially offset by higher proportionate employee costs, including a 0.6% 
additional gratuity cost provision. 
 
PAT for the quarter was at INR170 crores or 11.3% in margin terms as against INR133 crores 
or 7.8% in the corresponding quarter. Let me now share a comparative analysis of Q3 vis-a-vis 
the preceding quarter. Revenue for operations declined by 2% quarter-on-quarter. Domestic 
revenue increased by 6%, while export revenue declined by 18% due to lower bulk export 
revenue during the quarter. Branded exports increased marginally by 2% over the preceding 
quarter. Other income is lower mainly due to lower forex gain in the current quarter. 

KRBL Limited 
February 19, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
Gross profit was higher primarily due to improved sales mix, basically higher proportion of 
branded sales. EBITDA followed the trend in gross profit, partially impacted by higher 
proportionate employee costs, including the additional gratuity provision I had mentioned 
earlier. 
 
Coming to 9 months. Total income for the period was at INR4,572 crores, higher by 10% against 
the corresponding period last year. Domestic revenue in the period grew by 6%, mainly driven 
by branded rice volume growth, while export revenue increased by 21%. Gross profit of the 
company stood at 28.3% in margin terms, while EBITDA and PAT were at 15.8% and 10.6%, 
respectively. 
 
Margin improved mainly due to lower input costs. Average basmati cost declined by 9% in the 
9-month period as paddy prices were lower in last procurement season and also the margin is 
higher because of higher other income. 
 
Moving to the balance sheet. Talking about inventory first, our total inventory as of December 
31, 2025, stood at INR3,941 crores. This includes INR1,322 crores in paddy inventory versus 
INR1,239 crores as of December 31, '2024, and INR2,450 crores in rice inventory versus 
INR2,877 crores as of the same date last year. 
 
On a volume basis, as of December 31, '2025, paddy and rice inventory stood at 3,58,000 tons 
and 4,11,000 tons, respectively, compared to 3,41,000 tons of paddy and 4,58,000 tons of rice 
in December 31, '2024. The decline in inventory value is due to both lower per unit cost and 
lower inventory carrying cost. 
 
Net bank borrowings, net of treasury investments were at a negative INR388 crores as of 
December 31, '2025, as against INR102 crores last year. Lower inventory, coupled with higher 
cash profit generated in the 9-month period resulted in lower net bank debt. 
 
With that, I come to an end of my prepared remarks. I would now like to hand over to the 
moderator for opening the Q&A. I would just like to mention that the ED matter is subjudice, so 
we will not be in a position to respond to queries on this matter. 
 
Over to the moderator now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take the first question from the line of Anubhav Mukherjee from 
Prescient Capital. Please go ahead.  
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
So my first question is that both in the export and the domestic market, what are the current 
realizations like compared to like Q3 past quarter? 
Ashish Jain: 
Yes. Talking about the domestic branded business, the Q3 realization was around INR1,16,000 
per MT. And on the export branded side, it was about INR1,40,000 per MT. Sorry, one 
correction. Yes, one correction. On the domestic side, it was about INR77,500 per ton. And on 
the export side, like I mentioned, it was about INR1,42,000. 

KRBL Limited 
February 19, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
And sir, just a follow-up, how are the realizations currently in both the markets? Like did you 
witness any uptrend or down? 
Ashish Jain: 
So your question is around post the quarter, how has the prices moved? Is that the question? 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
Yes. Currently. Yes. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Present, if you talk of present in the last 15 days, the prices have gone up by practically 7%, 8% 
in last 15 days. In last 15 days, the prices have gone up quite much. But if you see the domestic 
market, the effect will come in the first quarter of the next year. Definitely, our prices will  
increase in the first quarter of next year. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
Okay. And sir, given the lower cost of rice inventory and given these price hikes, so sir, will we 
witness further gross margin improvement for the coming financial year, if you can share some 
perspective on that? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Definitely, definitely. Even I tell you our fourth-quarter EBITDA will definitely grow by 
minimum 200 to 250 basis points more. And for the next financial year, since we are holding 
stocks for more than 1 year, 1.5 years, for next financial year also looking at the market, our 
EBITDA is going to be intact. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
And sir, we were trying to set up our own distribution setup in the Saudi market, and there was 
some progress in the previous quarter as well. So sir, can you share what is the current status of 
that? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
The Saudi business is progressing well, and we are seeing consistent volume demand with 
regular shipment taking place. Our current approach of working directly with wholesaler is 
working effectively in the interim and helping us maintain strong market visibility. 
 
We are still evaluating the right long-term distributor structure and have not finalized a 
distributor yet. Given the strategic nature of this market, we would prefer to share further 
specifics through direct investor interactions. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Amit Aggarwal from Leeway Investments. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
My question is regarding Saudi Arabia and Iran. Sir, you said your shipments to Saudi Arabia 
are doing pretty well. Sir, can you quantify the amount of exports we have in Saudi Arabia right 
now for the whole year? And same, what about Iran? Sir, Iran currency has collapsed in last 2 
months. So how do you think that will be affected as a company regarding the Iran exports? 
Ashish Jain: 
Yes. So see, just to answer your first question, we typically don't get into country-level revenue 
details, right? So I'll not be able to share specific country-level numbers. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
This is fine. Earlier I was told 5, 6 years back that we were doing around about INR1,000 crores 
of exports to Saudi Arabia. So I just want to know how much have we regained the market again? 
And what about the Iran? Iran currency has collapsed. So how do you think materially this is 
going to affect us as a company in the coming quarters? 

KRBL Limited 
February 19, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Ashish Jain: 
No. So I think 2 points. One is on Saudi, like Anil Ji had mentioned, I think that business is 
progressing well through the distributors. I think that's what he had touched on, through the 
wholesalers. And I think on Iran, if you look at our revenue, I mean, the bulk revenue, that has 
shown significant growth over the last year. So both markets, Saudi as well as Iran are working 
well for us right now. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Any effect because of Iran and U.S. tensions? 
Ashish Jain: 
Sorry, your voice is not very clear. Can you repeat? 
Amit Aggarwal: 
My question is regarding Iran only. Any effect because of the Iran and U.S. tensions going on 
right now? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
There is still tension going on, and that is why we are quite restrictive in concluding any new 
business in Iran. So therefore, it will take some time. Till some conclusion takes place, it will be 
difficult for me to comment. At the moment, we are also very cautious in exporting anything to 
Iran or getting new orders. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
So how much is our exports to Iran in the previous years? So that if tensions continue, how much 
is going to affect for our export business? 
Ashish Jain: 
See, I think I clarified earlier. If you look at the business conducted so far with Iran, that has 
shown growth over the same period last year. Now like I said, future business, like Anil Ji 
mentioned, it depends upon how the whole geopolitical situation shapes up, which we are on a 
close watch of. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Okay. And my last question is regarding oil business. Sir, I have seen that our gut oils are not 
really available on e-commerce business, right? So how much turnover are we expected to do? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt in between, Amit. Your voice is not audible. I request you to please rejoin the 
queue again. We will take the next question from the line of Chirag Singhal from First Water 
Fund. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Yes. A few questions from my end. First, on the regional rice. So can you provide the total 
packaged or branded regional rice market size for the varieties that we are selling? 
Ashish Jain: 
Ayush, do you want to take that? 
Ayush Gupta: 
Yes, I'll take that. Yes. So as I've mentioned in my earlier calls as well, we entered multiple 
regional rice varieties in the past. However, as we've understood the market, as we operated in 
these markets, we've kind of settled down with 3 large varieties, which is Gobindobhog from 
West Bengal, Wada Kolam from Gujarat and Sona Masoori from Karnataka. And all 3 varieties, 
we primarily do aged rice varieties and aged rice segment. 
 
So these segments independently are very large. And the market size, if I have to estimate, could 
be in the range of INR3,000 crores to INR4,000 crores. Did I answer your question? 

KRBL Limited 
February 19, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
Yes, so just to confirm INR3,000 crores to INR4,000 crores is the total market size for this rice, 
these three. And this would be expanding, I believe, as the shift happens from the loose rice to 
packaged rice? 
Ayush Gupta: 
See, in the regional rice business, most of the business happens in bulk packs only, 30 kg bags. 
So there isn't the loose to package conversation in regional rice. The conversation rather is it's 
very fragmented. There are many, many brands available in the market. So it's a fragmented 
market, but it's all a bulk pack business. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. Got it. My second question is on the Ghaziabad land. So any updates on the monetization 
plan? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
At the moment, we have postponed it because we calculated that the cost of transferring the unit 
to other place is quite high. So for at least minimum 2 to 3 years, we have postponed the decision. 
We have delayed the decision. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Krushi Parekh from Bugle Rock PMS. 
Krushi Parekh: 
So if my calculations are correct, it appears that December 2025 inventory are a bit lower than 
the previous December, I mean December 2024. So how are we placing ourselves during Q4 for 
procurement? And I'm asking especially considering that the basmati prices have been declining. 
Over the last couple of years, it has declined by about 20-odd percentages. So will we see some 
more procurement in terms of volumes or we are likely to maintain at a steady pace as compared 
to the last year? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
As far as our sales numbers are concerned, we are comfortable. And our stock levels are okay. 
December '2023, we had overstocking, but now we are at level. I should not say we are 
overstocked, but we are at level. At these levels, we cannot buy more, but our stock levels are  
at okay level. 
Krushi Parekh: 
Okay. So broadly flattish volumes is what we are expecting versus last year? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
No, we'll be 10% plus, 10% to 12% plus over last year. 
Krushi Parekh: 
Okay. Okay. And second, Ayush, just one clarification. You mentioned that in your opening 
remarks, we have retail outlets of 3.2 lakhs now. And if I kind of check the June call, we had 
mentioned that it is at about 3.6 lakhs. So is it -- I mean, my understanding correct? Or are we 
seeing some kind of a strategic decision when it comes to the retail outlets? 
Ayush Gupta: 
Yes, thank you. I'll answer this in 2 parts. So yes, our retail outlets have kind of diminished in 
the past 4 to 5 months. And broadly, there are 2 reasons. One is there's a lot of shift of branded 
basmati business happening from general trade to quick commerce, right? So there are a lot of 
outlets, especially in the metro and Tier 1 cities, which are reducing their position on branded 
basmati rice. And that's one of the reasons that we've seen a reduction of outlets over the course. 
 
Second reason is we engaged in certain co-branding activities with other FMCG companies in 
the past, which had given us an uplift in retail expansion. So because those co-branding activities 

KRBL Limited 
February 19, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
are now at a hold and they have not concluded, we've seen a little bit of a reduction in outlet 
count. 
 
However, if you kind of see this data regularly, there tends to be a 10% to 15% volatility in the 
retail outlet count as the year progresses. So it's not a very big dip that we've seen. We tend to 
gain back these volumes. Also depends on the market prices and trade prices of unbranded and 
overall commodity rather. 
Krushi Parekh: 
Okay. I mean, as a follow-up to this particular thing, how are we taking when we have one of 
our pillars as expanding our reach? So how are we looking at general trade now versus modern 
trade in the overall scheme of things? 
Ayush Gupta: 
So general trade, as I told you, there's saturation in the metro and Tier 1 markets. Also, we see 
general trade business moving to quick commerce and modern trade more in metro and Tier 1. 
Hence, our focus in the past year, and it continues to be, is to expand distribution in Tier 2 and 
Tier 3 cities. And as India's consumption power and purchasing power is increasing, we are 
seeing basmati's presence increase in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities. And as a brand, as a leading brand, 
our distribution reach first will give us a first-mover advantage in gaining market share in those 
markets. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Kaushal Sharma from Equinox Capital Venture 
Private Limited. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
So my question is on your Ghaziabad project. You said that you have postponed your Ghaziabad 
property monetization. But in addition to that, we have a plan to develop a real estate project by 
acquiring land over there. So what is the progress or what is our plan in that sense? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Regarding the Panipat land parcel of approximately 125 acres, the registry process is currently 
underway. We are evaluating opportunities to monetize a portion of that land at attractive 
valuation based on strong market interest, while retaining roughly 50 to 60 acres for future 
expansion of our Barota operations. This approach allows us to balance capital efficiency with 
long-term capacity planning. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
We'll do the real estate project in Panipat? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
It is in Samalkha, which is in district Panipat. It is near to our Sonipat plant. We have a plant in 
Sonipat in a place called Barota. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
What kind of outlay are we expecting in the revenue potential out of that? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
It has been planned. But, if we go through, I think that investment will be to the tune of around 
INR100 crores. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
And what will be expected revenue? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
It is too early about revenue/. 

KRBL Limited 
February 19, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
It is going to be a packaging plant. Directly, it is whatever manufacturing and there is some 
packaging. So we'll be doing packaging there at that plant. So, it will increase the packaging 
capacities of our units. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
My question relating to the real estate project that in addition to Ghaziabad property we are 
planning to develop with INR 1,000 crores of outlay, I guess, in the last call, you have 
mentioned? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
No. But still we have done an investment of INR425 crores. But if we will get the opportunity, 
if we have said that we will be entering the real estate does not mean that we have decided that 
minimum we have to put it. It all depends upon the opportunity. 
 
As we got the opportunity in Samalkha, let me tell you the price at which we got this land is 
much cheaper what today is in the market. So therefore, we are looking at the opportunity. If 
opportunity comes where the prices we get the land at 50%, 60% of the price, we'll definitely 
invest another INR500 -600 crores,. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
Any time line, sir, that we are expecting? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
No, there is no time line. It may not be that we may not enter also. Till the time the right 
opportunity comes where we can make a minimum of 40%- 50% profit, we will not enter into 
any land parcel. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Viraj from SIMP. 
Viraj: 
Yes. Just 2 questions. So one is on the real estate. So the monetization, which we are planning, 
shifting off the existing plant to another, can you just explain a little bit in detail what is the 
reason why we have postponed it for 2, 3 years? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Actually, we were of the opinion that it will hardly take INR200 crores, INR250 crores to shift 
the plant from Ghaziabad to another site. But when we went into detail, we analyzed it's a very 
huge amount which would be spent while shifting the present industry from Ghaziabad to other 
place. So for the time being, for minimum 2-3 years, we have postponed it. We do not want to 
spend that type of a big investment. 
 
And let me add also in further 2 years, the prices at Ghaziabad, what they are prevailing today, 
will further rise by minimum 20%- 25%. 
Viraj: 
Okay. Second question is, if you look at the cash right now, what will be the cash on the balance 
sheet? 
Ashish Jain: 
Yes. As of December 31, 2025, it was around INR400 crores. 
Viraj: 
Right. So I think post this budget announcement, buyback window is attractive from 1st April. 
So is there any thoughts in terms of increasing payouts maybe through buyback or similar routes? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Yes. In this budget, it has been quite attractive. So we are thinking about it. We'll think about it. 

KRBL Limited 
February 19, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Yash Dantewadia from Dante Equity. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Yes. I just wanted to clarify one statement. Did you say in quarter 4, the margins are going to go 
up by 200 to 250 basis points? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Yes, because I think the realization would be better. However, the realization per ton because of 
the market, it would be better. So the EBITDA is going to increase by 200%. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Okay. I just have 2 questions. First question is regarding what you said about Ghaziabad. You 
said you'll sell some of the land and you'll retain 70 or 80 acres, right?  
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
It is not Ghaziabad. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Panipat? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Panipat. Yes. Go ahead. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
So are you going to shift after 2 years or after 3 years or whenever it becomes more feasible? 
You said initially you thought it would be INR200 crores-INR250 crores to shift the plant. Could 
you share the current number that is coming up to shift the plant? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Let me clear you. There are 2 proposals. One is we have already a plant in Ghaziabad. And there, 
we have around 115 acres of land. That value today is around INR2,500 crores. We believe in 
next 2, 3 years, this INR2,500 crores might become INR3,500 crores. That's number one. 
 
While we had decided that we will shift our plant and monetize on the Ghaziabad land, we later 
on when we made out the details, we came to know it is not a question of INR200 crores, INR300 
crores. It might be more than INR500 crores to INR600 crores in shifting a plant. So for the time 
being, we have postponed that planning of shifting Ghaziabad plant. 
 
As far as Samalkha, Panipat project is concerned, the total land over there is around 125 acres, 
out of which we want to sell half of the land because it is not a single land there. It is in patches 
of 20 acres, 10 acres, 15 acres. And the other side of the land is 50-acre 1 patch. On those 50 
acres, we want to develop and extend our Barota plant because we are facing a problem of space, 
and we are taking godowns and other thing outside the factory area, whereas we will sell 50% 
of the land, which is around 50, 60 acres and where we will get good price. That is the proposal. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Right. Coming to my second question, I really want to know the trajectory of exports from here 
on. As you shared during this con call that your realizations are almost 2x in exports versus 
domestic, right? So currently, the run rate that's there, I think it's around INR1,300 crores to 
INR1,400 crores per year in exports, right? 
 
So for the next financial year, where do we see this trajectory sort of heading? Could you throw 
some light on that? And also, your domestic numbers were sort of flat year-on-year this quarter. 
what kind of volume growth do you see because of regional rice and because of all the other 
value-added products that you're trying to sell? basically, I wanted to understand the trajectory 
of sales or volumes in domestic and export market, both for the next financial year? 

KRBL Limited 
February 19, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Ashish Jain: 
I think that will probably need some explanation. Maybe we can get in touch offline. I'm happy 
to discuss it with you offline. I think your question is more on a multiyear outlook. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Not multiyear. at least on the export, if you could share it now, that would be great. 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Exports, we are doing quite fine. And I believe that next financial year, our exports should jump 
by minimum 15%. This is our idea because the prices what we take from the market are much 
higher compared to our competitors. 
 
Taking a price realization of INR1,40,000 a ton, I don't think anybody else is taking in the market 
this type of realization. So we do not compromise on pricing. Therefore, we expect that 
minimum 15% rise should be there next year. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
So just to conclude, 15% rise in export volumes next financial year, right? That's what we stated? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Right. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
We should take that domestic question offline later. 
Ashish Jain: 
Sure. No problem. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Soumen Choudhury from Mansarovar Financials. 
Soumen Choudhury: 
I just wanted to come back on the domestic volume issue. This quarter, we saw a flat number Y-
o-Y, and Ayush was talking about some increased competition. So how do we look at this 
segment going forward, say, for this quarter and next year? Can we still maintain a mid-single-
digit kind of growth that we have seen over the last few years? 
Ashish Jain: 
Ayush, do you want to take that? 
Ayush Gupta: 
So, Soumen, see quarter 3 tends to be the highest-grossing quarter for the company. And what 
happened last year in bulk pack was the market was more bullish during the quarter 3. So a lot 
of bulk pack business got preponed in quarter 3 last year. 
 
Similarly, this year, it has been postponed into quarter 4. So January, February is when a lot of 
that bulk pack business, which got preponed in quarter 3 last year is happening in Jan, Feb. So 
because of that, we are seeing a little bit of a flattish growth or maybe a 0 growth in quarter 3 
this year. That's on the bulk pack side. But bulk pack demand remains very strong for us. Bulk 
pack is actually growing very, very strong, both on margin as well as volumes. That's point 
number one. 
 
Point number two, on the consumer pack, there are a couple of reasons. One, as I told you, there's 
a lot of interchannel competition happening. So general trade business is moving to e-commerce 
and modern trade. So a lot of that disturbance in terms of price, a lot of omnichannel demand 
from consumers is happening there. 
 
Added to that is because of low prices this quarter, a lot of regional and local brands have taken 
the opportunity to kind of enter the market at a very low price. At KRBL, we took a conscious 

KRBL Limited 
February 19, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
call of not reducing our prices for short-term volume gain because once we reduce prices to gain 
volume, then increasing pricing in the market takes a couple of months and a lot of energy in 
terms of getting that momentum back. 
 
So yes, we sacrificed certain volumes, I would say, in quarter 3. But to the extent that it was, I 
would say, a more calibrated call of what we did. We didn't want to lose market share, but we 
didn't want to gain short-term volume on the expense of margin. So we decided to expand margin 
and keep volumes kind of stable. 
Soumen Choudhury: 
Okay. So now that since the paddy prices have increased a little bit, as you were saying, so this 
competition should be somewhat lower now? 
Ayush Gupta: 
Yes. So in quarter 4, definitely, we have taken calibrated price increases in a lot of markets. But 
I would still say in certain markets where we still face stricter competition, we will decide to go 
with an aggressive price and gain market share. So that kind of a play will happen on a daily 
basis, and that's more of an operational and strategic call of how we want to run the show. But 
largely, we remain margin focused in terms of gaining margin and maintaining our pricing power 
in the market. 
Soumen Choudhury: 
Okay. So next year also, it will be difficult to say as of now whether we can still maintain that 
mid-single-digit kind of growth? 
Ayush Gupta: 
I think we are very positive that we can maintain mid-single-digit growth or maybe even early 
double-digit growth because, as I said, bulk pack business continues to remain strong. The good 
thing is e-commerce, quick commerce channel, which is a brand forward channel, is gaining 
salience for the category, right? Almost 30%, 35% of consumer pack business has started to 
contribute from the e-commerce and quick commerce channels. 
 
So as the salience and as the number of dark stores keep increasing, our sales from this channel 
increases. And there, we have a very, I would say, a competitive advantage compared to the 
overall category because there, there are no loose players, there are no regional brands operating. 
We are competing with national brands. And there, India Gate has a very, very strong brand 
equity. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Naitik from NV Alpha Fund. 
Naitik: 
Just to harp a little bit more on the domestic revenue that we are doing. If I look at the past 4 to 
5 quarters, you've sort of been stuck in the INR1,050 crores, INR1,100 crores quarterly sort of 
number. And now given that we are also losing market share in both MT and GT. So GT, I 
understand some share might be shifting to e-comm/quick comm. But even in MT, we are losing 
market share. So do we think now this market share loss we will be able to arrest it or to continue 
to fall? What are we doing to sort of stop this loss of market share? 
Ayush Gupta: 
Thank you for that question. See, December, January and Feb ongoing, we have seen a good run 
rate in market share regain in modern trade. And as I had mentioned, I think earlier also in my 
earlier calls, that market share loss in modern trade is primarily on the back of private label play 
increase at one of the major retailers in modern trade. However, there has been some changes 

KRBL Limited 
February 19, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
again in the strategy at the modern retail chain end. And now that private label play is again 
going down. So we see a regain in market share happening in modern trade as well. 
Naitik: 
Got it. And so we do maintain that we might start growing at, say, high single digit or maybe 
early double digit in the domestic market? 
Ayush Gupta: 
Yes, yes. 
Naitik: 
Right. Sir, my second question is just a bookkeeping question. We've seen the employee cost 
rise sharply if I look at Y-o-Y or if I look at Q-o-Q. I understand there might be some effect of 
the gratuity. But what's the sort of steady-state employee cost that we expect per quarter? And 
if you can just give some clarification why it jumped so high Y-o-Y. Even if I look at last quarter, 
the jump was very sharp. So apart from the gratuity onetime provision, if you could clarify why 
is it increasing that sharply? 
Ashish Jain: 
Other than the gratuity provision, which is at about INR9.5 crores, reflecting in quarter 3, the 
other year-on-year increase that you see is largely on account of increase in headcount. So when 
we look at December '25 versus December '24, total on-roll employee headcount is up by about 
160 people. Most of this is coming from increase in capacity that we've done at Ghaziabad and 
at Barota plants, right? So it is linked to higher production capacity and a little bit on the sales 
side. 
Naitik: 
Got it. So this INR55 crores, INR60 crores would remain, right, the run rate per quarter? 
Ashish Jain: 
Yes. I think you can say that. But other than the gratuity provision, what you see now should 
now only be increments related increase and not disproportionate. 
Naitik: 
But -- sorry to harp on, but INR60 crores will remain per quarter. And apart from that, whatever 
annual increments are there? 
Ashish Jain: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
We have the next follow-up question from the line of Krushi Parekh from BugleRock PMS. 
Krushi Parekh: 
Just on that real estate piece, we are continuing with the development of Panipat. So who from 
our team is involved in the development of that particular land parcel and maybe even ongoing 
basis? And have we onboarded some people to look into this particular segment? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
You see there is no question of development. As Mr. Mittal has said, out of 125 acres, about 50 
acres we are going to develop of our own. We are going to build our own warehouses, our own 
packaging pre-plant processing unit. And balance, we will sell as it is at a better price. So there 
is no question of any development in it. 
Krushi Parekh: 
Okay. And secondly, on that distribution side itself for Ayush, when we are looking at the 
modern trade rising, we are clearly selling it to a smaller set of people versus when it comes to 
general trade. So how do you see ourselves placed in terms of the bargaining power or how 
competitive we need to be especially with regards to them, especially when we mentioned that 

KRBL Limited 
February 19, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
the private brands had taken hold in one of the large organized players? So how do you see this 
thing panning out over longer term for our business? 
Ayush Gupta: 
See, that's definitely, I would say, a negative when dealing with organized trade. Private labels 
do have an equal opportunity to kind of retail and sell their brands. But however, when it comes 
to an organized trade, the biggest advantage that comes is it's a branded play. And that's where 
all our investments, all our efforts that we've been doing for all these years really come into play. 
 
In a general trade ecosystem, because it's unorganized, we fall back to competition, which is 
unfair to a loose to a regional, which is much more driven by price and retailer advocacy. On a 
modern trade and an e-commerce platform, it's the end consumer who's making a decision. And 
price often is not the supreme, I would say, reason why a consumer will choose you or not choose 
you. 
 
There are many other factors that come into play. And I think, inherently, in a modern trade and 
e-commerce environment, branded players or leading branded players have an advantage. So 
more and more industry category as it moves to an organized trade, branded players will always 
win and lead. 
 
Having said that, I understand the fact on general trade of -- general trade contracts, then the size 
of the category kind of shrinks. But as I told you, more of this play happening in the metro and 
Tier 1 cities. General trade is continuing to expand in the Tier 2, Tier 3 cities when it comes to 
basmati. And that's a new market that is opening for us. And we are ahead of the curve in terms 
of building our distribution there and catering to the consumers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take that as the last question. Thank you, members of the management team. 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of KRBL Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you all for joining us today, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited 
for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to 
ensure high level of accuracy. 
We do hereby confirm that no Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared or discussed during 
the Q3 FY26 Earning Conference Call. 
 
