GUJARAT STATE FERTILIZERS & CHEMICALS LIMITED
ffi
Fertilizernagar - 391 750. Vadodara, Cujarat, INDIA.
CIN : L99999CJL962PLC00l-121
NO.SEC/SE/TRANS/2026
17th February,2026
Dear Sir / Madam,
Su.b.: Transcript of the Investor Concall held on Tuesdav. lOrh February. 2026
We refer our submission vide letter dated 28'h January,2026 wherein the intimation was made that the
Conference Call with Analysts is scheduled on l0'h February, 2026 from3:30 pM IST.
We are enclosing a copy of the transcription of Conference Call. The aforesaid information is also
disclosed on the website of the company at www.gsfclimited.com.
Kindly take note of the above.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd.,
Nidhi Pillai
Company Secretary &
Vice President (Legal)
Membership No.: Al5l42
E-mail : investors@gsfcltd.com
Encl.: a/a
Ph. : (O) + 91 -265-2242451, 2242651, 22427 51, 2242641
Fax: +91-265-2240966 -2240119 o Email:ho@gsfcltd.com . Website:www.gsfclimited.com
lS0 9001, lS0 14001,lS0 45001 & lS0 50001 Geilified Gompany
The Corporate Relationship Department
BSE Limited
lst Floor, New Trading Ring
Rotunda Bldg., P.J.Towers, Dalal Street
Fort, MUMBAI - 400 001
SCRIP CODE: 500690
The Manager, Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
'Exchange Plaza', C/1, Block G
Bandra-Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), MUMBAI - 400 051
SYMBOL: GSFC
\?
["::9*T!-**'
NIDHI 
PILLAI
Digitally signed by NIDHI PILLAI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=2478, 
2.5.4.20=bbb3c8fa5142141b378911a384a80e11c82368e
2fbbec6e58ff309662d738d7c, postalCode=391750, 
st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=63f90854491d7703e944f18952481d557da
b34868885430561e699f882871e40, cn=NIDHI PILLAI 
Date: 2026.02.17 16:06:35 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited GSFC 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S K BAJPAI – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT (FINANCE) 
& CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, GUJARAT STATE 
FERTILIZERS & CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. S V VARMA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
(AGRIBUSINESS, HRS & IR), GUJARAT STATE 
FERTILIZERS & CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals 
Limited GSFC Conference Call for Q3 FY26 Earnings. This call has been hosted by Anurag 
Services LLP on behalf of GSFC Limited. 
From the Management, we have Mr. S K Bajpai – Senior VP (Finance) and CFO, Mr. S V Varma 
– Executive Director (Agribusiness, HRS & IR) and other senior members from the 
management. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. S K Bajpai – Senior VP (Finance & Legal) and CFO, 
GSFC Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
S K Bajpai: 
Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us for Quarter 3 2025-2026 Earnings Call of 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited. 
It's always great to connect with all of you and share the key updates that we have from the 
quarter. I hope that you had a chance to review the financial results, media release and investor 
presentation available on the stock exchanges and also on our company website. 
If you see standalone financial performance, the company has delivered strong financial and 
operational performance in Quarter 3, demonstrating robust growth across key metrics. 
On the production front, the company achieved the highest Q3, 5.07 lakh metric tons and in 9 
months, 13.30 lakh metric ton volumes in the last five years. Revenue growth, sales increased 
by Rs. 139 crores, representing 5% year-on-year growth. Profit before tax rose by Rs. 27 crores, 
a healthy 18% increase. Profit after tax grew by Rs. 38 crores, marking an impressive 32% 
improvement. Operating profitability improved from 5.40% to 6.11%, reflecting enhanced 
operational efficiency. Fertilizer segment revenue increased from Rs. 2,172 crores to Rs. 2,298 
crores in Quarter 3 on a YOY basis, our sales volume remaining stable at 6.27 lakh metric ton. 
Segment average moderated to Rs. 119 crores from Rs. 126 crores due to sharp escalation in key 
raw material prices like Phosphoric Acid up by 34%, Sulphur up by 130% and Sulphuric Acid 
up by 91%, which offset the benefit of higher realization in Phosphatic and Potassic fertilizers. 
The Quarter recorded the highest APS production and sales in the last five years, resulting in a 
net revenue increase that largely compensated for the decline in DAP sales. Industrial product 
segment delivered a resilient performance in Quarter 3 on a YOY basis, with sales rising from 
Rs. 583 crores to Rs. 596 crores and EBIT turning around to a profit of Rs. 9 crores, reflecting 
improved operational balance. Growth was supported by a strategic focus on higher Melamine 
exports, where realizations were stronger than in domestic markets, along with higher traded 
Ammonia sales. These measures overcame the headwinds in other major industrial products, 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
while the Caprolactam-Benzene spread declined to US$495 per metric ton from US$588 per 
metric ton, diversification and product portfolio management supported profitability. 
Overall, the company maintained a healthy performance in Quarter 3, demonstrating resilience 
against raw material volatility and sustaining growth momentum across both business segments. 
We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet with no long-term debt, healthy net worth and 
adequate liquidity. Government of India's outstanding support on release of fertilizer subsidy 
has kept the working capital levels at optimum level. As of date, the company has received 
subsidy due for Urea and imported P&K fertilizer up to 4th week of December 2025 and 
manufactured Phosphatic fertilizers up to 1st week of January 2026. This provides the 
foundation for advancing our CAPEX roadmap as detailed in the investor presentation. The 
Sulphuric Acid-V project was commissioned on 7th January 2026, providing both incremental 
capacity and cost-efficiency benefits. The project will cater the requirement of Sulphuric Acid 
for manufacturing of fertilizers like Ammonium Sulphate and Ammonium Phosphate sulphate. 
Further, the steam-generated there from shall be available for utilization at the Vadodara 
complex. 
Favourable season conditions and healthy Rabi sowing position, the country for a strong harvest 
with fertilizer requirement for this season largely addressed consequently, only limited 
incremental demand from the short duration hot weather crop is expected. While the industry 
may experience cost pressures from the elevated prices of key inputs such as Phosphoric Acid 
and Sulphur, the company remains focused on disciplined margin management, strategic 
priorities including optimizing market opportunities and ensuring calibrated inventory 
positioning to effectively service demand for the upcoming Kharif season, thereby supporting 
volume stability and supply readiness. 
Government of India's ongoing trade facilitation measures, including recently executed FTAs 
and CEPAs with key companies, are expected to improve market access and competitiveness for 
Indian chemical exports subject to a product-specific tariff outcome. Caprolactam-Benzene 
spread are expected to improve in Quarter 4 2025-2026 providing a supportive margin 
environment. Product rationalization in other ASEAN countries across the Caprolactam-Nylon-
6 value chain and at preventing oversupply and moderating price competition has led to a firmer 
realization in Quarter 3 2025-2026, a trend that is expected to lead near-term stability to the 
market. Melamine demand is expected to remain steady in domestic markets, with growth 
anticipated in export markets. HX Crystal volumes are expected to improve across both domestic 
and export markets. Demand for other industrial products is also likely to hold stable during the 
quarter. 
Overall, the company anticipates consistent demand conditions and stable turnover in the 
industrial product segment in Quarter 4 2025-2026. 
I now turn over the call for questions and answers. 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Sir, I have a few questions to ask. Sir, first is on the guidance for the 
sales volume, if you can share for Quarter 4 and for FY26. 
S K Bajpai: 
Sales volume in Rupee terms? 
Nirav Jimudia: 
No. Guidance of absolute sales volume for Q4 of FY26, like any guidance which you would like 
to share as compared to what we have achieved in Quarter 4? 
S K Bajpai: 
Actually, Quarter 4 is the lean season for the fertilizer industry. So, there is not that much sale 
and margin available in Quarter 4. As you can see from the history of the company also, during 
last two years, the Quarter 4 is not that great as compared to the other quarters of the financial 
year. Having said that, I have told that we have placed our DAP, Urea and other fertilizers in the 
market and as per the requirement, it will be provided to the farmers. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, like if we see our manufacturing volumes, we are near to almost 1.5-1.6 million tons. I am 
talking from the manufacturing point of view. So, you rightly explained this time that there were 
cost escalations on the Phosphoric Acid, Sulphuric Acid, also on the Sulphur part for Sulphuric 
Acid production. So, if you just want to share your views, like if we just want to divide our 
volumes between let's say the manufacturing volumes and the trading volumes what we do, what 
sort of EBITDA per metric ton which we would be generating on the manufacturing side? 
S K Bajpai: 
EBITDA overall, we are generating 5-6% from the… 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, if you can share on the per metric ton basis, that would be very helpful because then the 
prices also keep on changing based on the subsidy and everything. 
S K Bajpai: 
EBITDA product wise, like fertilizer, if you see the fertilizer, then Urea, DAP, NPK, APS, 
Ammonium Sulphate, everywhere there is a different EBITDA. It is not a combined figure 
available to me, but if you see overall that I can say 5%-6% EBITDA is there in the fertilizer 
segment. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. And in terms of, because you rightly explained that Q4 generally is a lean season and 
we tend to provide some sort of discounts also to place our products in the market. But let's say 
going forward from next year onwards, with this kind of cost escalations which we have seen on 
the raw material side, how we are going to deal with this situation in terms of a) improvement 
in the margins and second in terms of improvement in our manufacturing volumes? 
S K Bajpai: 
There are two raw materials or key inputs that has shown the abnormal increase in prices. One 
is the Sulphuric Acid and Sulphur prices, and another is Phosphoric Acid. Ammonia is also 
trending very high at around $525 or $530 per metric ton presently. But for Sulphuric Acid, we 
have made always in the long-term contract with the suppliers, so we can fix the total purchase 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
price by keeping like a purchase price fixing in the inception of the financial year. Over and 
above, we have also capitalized Sulphuric Acid five plants at Fertilizer Nagar Complex which 
is producing near about 2 lakh metric tons per annum Sulphuric Acid. And it is running very 
nicely and production is also good. So, whatever the requirement of Sulphuric Acid will be met 
from our own production, so that is very cost effective and in comparison to the purchase price 
and the market volatility, we can cater maximum Sulphuric Acid requirement from our own 
production at Fertilizer Nagar Complex. As far as Phosphoric Acid is concerned, the prices are 
very high. But let us see how it comes in the next quarter and the government subsidy fixation 
based on the Phosphoric Acid and Ammonia pricing in the next quarter. So based on that, our 
margins will be calculated, and margins will be there in the business. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Second question is on the chemical side. You mentioned that Capro-Benzene spreads have been 
improving and that could help us to a) improve our volumes, b) improve our profitability. So, 
let us say the spreads what we have achieved in 3rd Quarter was close to around $500, let us say 
at what level of spreads our Caprolactam business should start seeing an improvement in the 
profitability, whereby let us say it should start covering our fixed and the variable cost? 
S K Bajpai: 
Actually, now it is ranging about $590 per metric tonne, the spread between Caprolactam and 
Benzene in January. So, it has improved drastically and it covers the variable cost. Now, why 
we are operating the Caprolactam, because we are getting the by-product Ammonium Sulphate, 
which is as a fertilizer, and it is a profitable product for us in fertilizer segment. So even if there 
is a little negative contribution in the Caprolactam, we do not shut the operation because it cuts 
the production of the Ammonium Sulphate also. So that is the logic we continue. But by 
increasing this Capro-Benzene spread to a comfortable level, now I do not foresee that there is 
a negative contribution in the Caprolactam business. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
But at $500, there was a negative contribution. So, is it safe to assume that at $500, possibly we 
would be losing close to around $100 at the contribution level? 
S K Bajpai: 
No, not that much. I cannot say what is the negative contribution, but it is not much. It is a slight 
negative contribution in the Caprolactam. And we are also saving the cost by importing Anone 
because Anone cost is our own manufactured Anone is higher. So, we are importing anon and 
by cost cutting, we are cutting the negative contribution also in the Caprolactam business. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Also, sir, we have seen slightly a fall in the industrial products margin this Quarter. So, was it 
because of lesser Ammonia trading which in the earlier quarters were a significant contributor 
to our profitability? 
S K Bajpai: 
That is up to one stage it is correct because the Ammonia prices are again high and our domestic 
requirement of Ammonia is there. But at that level of Ammonia, the few small players cannot 
afford to purchase the Ammonia and use that costly Ammonia for their products. So, there is a 
little less demand in the Quarter 3, but with some reduction in the margin, we also prefer to sell 
because there was a positive contribution and Ammonia trading is helpful for getting the IP 
segment in a profitable segment. 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. So, let us say, sir, in Quarter 4, how do we see the industrial products? One, you 
mentioned about the Caprolactam part, but is there any further scope of improvement in the 
profitability from the industrial product side from other products? And also, how do you see Q4 
shaping up in terms of the Ammonia part? 
S K Bajpai: 
Ammonia prices are now stable, and we are going for long term Ammonia contract with the 
buyers. So that will firm up our delta on the Ammonia business and also the requirement from 
the suppliers, whatever Ammonia they want to purchase for the whole year. Second thing is that 
this FDA agreement signed by, executed by the Government of India with European Union and 
now the tariff concessions in America, so that will boost our Melamine exports, not only 
Melamine but also Caprolactam and HX Crystal products for the export purposes. And the export 
realization is better than the domestic market. So that is another area we are hoping for a better 
margin in the IP segment. Third one, we have also taken up with the Government of India 
because in domestic market realization is not that great and we are only the producer of 
Melamine, Caprolactam and HX Crystal in India. So, we have requested to Government of India 
that for protection of our industry and the Atmanirbhar concept of Government of India, there 
should be some protection available. Otherwise, we are manufacturing and exporting the product 
and on other side, the other countries are dumping into India. So, some minimum support price 
or some basic duty structure, we have requested Government of India to form in case of 
Melamine, Caprolactam and Nylon-6. So, if something comes out positively by the Government 
of India, then it will further boost up of the IP segment also. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. So, sir, safe to assume here that our Melamine, Caprolactam and HX plant is operating 
close to 100%. So, whatever would be going for the exports would be a lesser volumes in the 
domestic market. Is the correct assumption to make? 
S K Bajpai: 
Yes, that's correct. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, last two questions from my side. So one, sir, based on our fertilizer production of let's say 
close to around 1.5 million tons on an annual basis, put together from both the complexes, how 
much Ammonia and Sulphuric Acid would be required on an annual basis? 
S V Varma: 
For Ammonia for both the units you are looking for? See the requirement in both the units it 
varies between 5.5 lakhs to 6 lakhs tons per annum considering the capacity operations for 16 
lakhs to 18 lakhs. Ammonia. And in case of Sulphuric Acid, it is slightly in the same range only. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
6 lakhs, right? 
S V Varma: 
Yes. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
The last question from my side, like anything we are hearing from the government in terms of 
revision in the fixed cost for the Urea business, also on the revision in the energy consumption 
norms, anything if you can share your thoughts, because I think some of the meetings have 
happened. So, if you can share your thoughts, it would be very helpful. 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
S K Bajpai: 
Now fixed cost data as required by the Government of India, we have already submitted along 
with the other fertilizer producers. So now it is the Government of India's turn to come up with 
the final fixation of fixed cost, because till now this cost fixed by the government is very old and 
it is not sustainable. Any increase in the fertilizer fixed cost or Urea fixed cost will be further 
helpful for the Urea producers in fertilizer sector. What was the second question? 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Revision in the energy consumption norms. 
S K Bajpai: 
Energy consumption, actually we have already revamped our Urea-II plant. So, we are meeting 
with the Urea-II energy now fixed by the Government of India. And as per the minutes and best 
information available to me, we are continuing the reimbursement of subsidy for further three 
years on the same energy consumption. So that will be the additional benefit available to GSFC, 
because presently it is coming around 5.9 to 6 Gcal metric ton of production of Urea. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Thank you so much, sir, and wish you all the best. 
S K Bajpai: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, majority of everything has been covered by our learned participant. Thank you to him for 
very calibrately asking all the questions. Sir, only one point about the Sulphuric Acid plant which 
was commissioned in the month of January. What would be the benefit that we will be attributing 
to for this quarter in terms of the backward integration that would be for our capital use? 
S K Bajpai: 
Sulphuric Acid-V project is commissioned in January, somewhere in the first week of January 
2026, and it is operating nicely and the benefit will be available for the next two months in the 
coming quarter and again for the whole year next year. If you see that production capacity is 2 
lakh metric ton per annum for the Sulphuric Acid plant, and as you know, the present Sulphuric 
Acid price is more than Rs. 17,000 per metric ton in the Indian market and more than $500 per 
metric ton of Sulphur cost in the international market. So, till the time this ICM countries have 
banned the export of the Sulphuric Acid, that's why the prices are high, and this is a very good 
thing for GSFC that we have commissioned this plant at a very appropriate time. So, we will be 
having this, our own manufactured Sulphuric Acid available for the production of Ammonium 
Sulphate and Ammonium Phosphate Sulphate. So, that impact will be not that big as in the 
increase in the pricing of Sulphuric Acid in the Indian market. So, we will curtail certain portion 
of the cost increase by replacing our own manufactured Sulphuric Acid. 
Saket Kapoor: 
That will not be a meaningful value, sir, on an annual basis, the savings that will be accrued? 
S K Bajpai: 
Apart from this, steam is also available from the Sulphuric Acid plant, no? So, that steam is also 
useful for operation of other plants and our steam production from the boilers will be stopped, 
so natural gas consumption will come down. So, if you want to monetize this, I think it is near 
about Rs. 100 crores per annum advances available by commissioning of this project. 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. Also, sir, we were also contemplating some de-bottlenecking and some changes in our 
fertilizer lines, wherein we would be able to manufacture, I think, so Ammonium Sulphate from 
the lines which were not being attributed to that. There were some things we were working on. 
So, where are we, sir, in terms of that tinkering with the production lines that was anticipated? 
S K Bajpai: 
Yes, there is one line, I think you are talking about this Sikka, where the DAP one time we were 
producing and we are converting it for the fungible production for ASP and DAP, whatever is 
the requirement of the market. So, that product is as per the schedule and we will be completing 
this by the end of September this year. So, that facility is available and we will be producing the 
Ammonium Phosphate Sulphate in the line of DAP whenever the requirement of APS is there 
in the market. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. Pardon me, I have not checked, but labour code, in fact, in terms of the employee cost, 
have you factored into our numbers or there will be any revision because of that? 
S K Bajpai: 
You are talking about new labour code? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, the new labour code. 
S K Bajpai: 
As per the information and notification available with us, so whatever we could get it clearly, 
we have provided liability provisions in our books of account in Quarter 3 for the fixed-term 
employment employees. However, most of the provisions we are already doing as a very 
government-promoted company, we are meeting all the requirements as per new labour code. 
However, rules are still pending to be notified as soon as it comes. So, rest of the things we will 
see and make the provisions, there is no problem. But there is no huge impact as far as GSFC is 
concerned because we are already meeting most of the provisions. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, what I could gather from the previous participant's question and your answer that for IP, the 
environment is now conducive and the profitability barring the market conditions are expected 
to improve for the ensuing quarter. This is what the underlining factor, whether it is the 
Caprolactam-Benzene spread or the higher prices for Melamine. Is that understanding correct 
there, sir? 
S K Bajpai: 
Yes, very much, because by putting little efforts in the export of Melamine, we have turned out 
to be positive margins in the coming quarter and in the next quarter and henceforth, since the 
Caprolactam-Benzene spread is improving and the FTAs signed by the Government of India 
with the European market and tariff concessions in the US, we are again looking for this export 
of Melamine and Caprolactam and third one is HX Crystal to this market where the realization 
is better than the domestic market. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, I think the HX Crystals where I think we were selling this product because 
of the lower prices for Caprolactam, correct me there. So, currently, how does the metrics work 
with the improvement in the spread? How are we placed in terms of this HX Crystal product 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
because here also you have mentioned that volumes are expected to improve so if you could just 
explain the value chain? 
S K Bajpai: 
HX Crystal product is our own R&D created product, and it is well accepted by the market, but 
we have the 100% capacity of the Indian market because we are only the producer. So, 
sometimes if the import is cheaper than our realization price, then we may look for the export of 
the HX Crystal. So, that is my sense that in export market, the realization is better than domestic 
market. So, that will provide an extra advantage for the new product and as far as Caprolactam 
is concerned, it is the Caprolactam and Benzene spread has reached to a comfortable level where 
the contribution is positive. So, that will again boost the IP segment result in Quarter 4. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, so just a small clarification, then where does HX Crystal fall into place in the value chain? 
So, we were selling HX Crystal since the realizations were higher instead of selling Caprolactam 
or correct me there, how the metrics work here? 
S K Bajpai: 
No, HX Crystal, the contribution is better, margins are better than the Caprolactam. So, we are 
trying to run the HX Crystal at the full level rather than the Caprolactam because when the 
Caprolactam price is not good, that is why we have developed this HX Crystal and we are 
diverting one of the intermediate product HS to the HX Crystal and where the margins are better 
than the Caprolactam. So, we always prefer to use the full capacity of HX Crystal and gain better 
margins rather than selling the Caprolactam at lower price. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Well, thank you for all, in case any clarification, I will come back. Thank you to the entire team 
sir and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand regarding our Sulphuric Acid the 
one that we have commissioned and the one that is expected in FY28. Sir, so it seems that there 
is going to be a lot of Sulphuric Acid availability in Gujarat due to Kutch Copper 
Commissioning. Sir, so do we see that the payback period for these CAPEX decreasing once the 
production commercializes or Sulphuric Acid availability increases? 
S K Bajpai: 
The market availability and supply factor is not fixed, it keeps changing. But our Sulphuric Acid 
plant is commissioned for meeting the own requirement of Sulphuric Acid in Ammonium 
Sulphate and Ammonium Phosphate Sulphate. So, we are not going to sell in the market 
whatever the price Sulphur is available at for the GSFC we produce Sulphuric Acid and consume 
it in the fertilizer production. So, there will not be a very negative impact whatever the price of 
Sulphuric Acid may be in the future. As far as payback is concerned that if Rs. 100 crores is 
really the margin available in the first year, so we will be payback in 2-3 years. So, there will 
not be any risk available for the company for the payback of the Sulphuric Acid plant. 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, so we don't see any scenario where due to production increasing at Kutch Copper, the next 
Sulphuric Acid capacity of 6 lakh metric ton that will be commissioning for that payback period 
to increase further? 
S K Bajpai: 
I don't think so because I don't know when this chemical facility will be shaping up and the 
Sulphuric Acid is coming in the market. But as far as we are concerned and looking to the present 
pricing of the Sulphuric Acid, we will be recovering our cost in 2-3 years. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, we mentioned that currently Sulphur cost is Rs. 500 per metric ton and Sulphuric 
Acid is Rs. 17,000 per metric ton. Sir, do we see this prices to remain steady for the next 1 or 2 
years or where do we see the realizations for both of these raw material as well as the finished 
product? 
S K Bajpai: 
It is very difficult to comment upon because as you rightly said demand and supply position 
fixes the prices. If some new suppliers are coming in the market or other Asian countries like 
China and Russia start exporting the Sulphuric Acid, the Sulphur, then the prices of this Sulphur 
and Sulphuric Acid will come down drastically in the near future. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, pardon my ignorance but why has the prices risen so much? 
S K Bajpai: 
Because the other countries have stopped supplying in the international market. So, there is 
supply and demand gap. So, whatever Sulphuric Acid is required for the fertilizer as well as for 
other industries, it is not supplied by the other foreign markets like China, Russia, they have 
stopped supplying Sulphuric Acid. I think in my opinion, this is one of the reason of this high 
prices of Sulphur and Sulphuric Acid. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay, sir. Sir, thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Yes, sir. Thanks for the opportunity again. Sir, just a clarification on the Ammonia and Sulphuric 
Acid part. So, you mentioned that we require close to around 5.5 lakh to 6 lakh tons of Ammonia. 
So, how much of this would be met through our own production and how much we are 
importing? 
S K Bajpai: 
Around 4.2 to 4.5 we are meeting from our production; rest we are importing. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. And sir, after this expansion of 1,98,000 tons of Sulphuric Acid, how much is our 
capacity now for Sulphuric Acid? 
S K Bajpai: 
Sulphuric Acid capacity will go to around, near to the 100% capacity requirement of Baroda unit 
and slightly we will be requiring it at Sika around 1.6 lakhs to 2 lakhs based on the product mix 
at Sikka. 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. So, let us say for Sulphuric Acid, possibly also we will be producing the similar amount 
of 4.5 lakh tons and 1.5 lakh tons we are buying from the outside market, right? 
S K Bajpai: 
Correct. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, second question is on the Urea part. You mentioned that we have revamped and our energy 
consumption in Gcal per metric ton have come down, let us say from earlier 6.4, 6.5 to now 5.9 
to around 6. So, how does it help us in terms of the profitability and also is this CAPEX what 
we have incurred for revamping our Urea part, are we getting some fixed compensation from 
the government like earlier they used to give us in a period of 4-5 years? So, if you can help us 
about these aspects that would be very helpful. 
S K Bajpai: 
Urea plant was very old plant of 1969. So, anyway we have to revamp this plant because of the 
old technology and the very poor condition of the plant. So, we had to incur this revamp facilities 
at Urea-2. Urea-1 plant we have already stopped because that machinery is not useful and it is 
of 1967. Whatever the Government of India has been giving some money to other companies 
for this CAPEX, in case of GSFC we are not getting anything by way of fixed cost. However, 
they have acceded to our request of providing the subsidy at the old rate even after the 
consumption of energy at the old rate. So, that will benefit as a payback period of 5 years’ time 
for GSFC of the capital expenditure of around Rs. 350 crores to Rs. 400 crores. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So, every year we would be possibly saving around Rs. 80 crores from the Urea. 
S K Bajpai: 
That is up to you to calculate but I have told that around 4 to 5 years we will be recovering the 
cost. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, also on the industrial product side, are we thinking of any newer products or expansion into 
the existing product line because HX plant has been consistently operating at around 100%. So, 
are we thinking any expansion there or introduction of any newer products? 
S K Bajpai: 
In the IP segment, we have appointed one BCG consultant, Boston Consultancy Group and they 
are in the process of preparing this 10-year growth strategy and roadmap for GSFC. So, we have 
already acquired the land at Dahej. So, any further facilities of IP products will be put in there. 
So, here in Fertilizer Nagar complex, there is hardly any space available to put any new facility. 
So, now we are going to shift our production facilities at Dahej. So, as per this report, final report 
of the BCG and getting approval from the Board, we will execute this start of putting new 
facilities in the IP segment. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So, is this expected in next 6 to 12 months, this final report or it would take a slightly longer 
term? 
S K Bajpai: 
No. It will come in the next 6 to 12 months. I think the report will be there. 

 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Nirav Jimudia: 
And also, sir, this BCG, what we have hired is only for helping us in the growth path or would 
they also be helping us in terms of reduction in some of the operating cost? 
S K Bajpai: 
Yes. In both the operational efficiency also, they are advising us. So, whenever there is a gap, 
so we are filling the gap and operational efficiency will be achieved and this growth strategies 
also they are submitting their report. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Okay. So, the areas for improvement in the operational efficiencies have been identified or they 
are yet to be identified, sir? 
S K Bajpai: 
They have been identified. There are low-hanging fruits which we have already in the process 
of implementing. However, there are certain mid-term and long-term. So, that will be executed 
as per the scheme and implementation of the scheme in the near 6 months to 1 year time. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, any quantification in terms of benefits if you can share, is it possible to share in terms of any 
quantitative benefits which could happen to us on an annual basis? Any thoughts? 
S K Bajpai: 
At least 40 crores of operational efficiency, they have identified certain schemes and that will 
be achieved by the company in the near future. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. Thank you so much, sir. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
S. K. Bajpai from GSFC Limited for closing comments. 
S K Bajpai: 
Thank you participants for the very good questions and elaborative questions on the performance 
of the company. It is a pleasure to talk to all of you and thanks again for participating in this 
conference call. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of GSFC Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
