 
                       Nuvoco Vistas Corp. Ltd. 
Registered Office: Equinox Business Park, Tower-3, East Wing, 4th Floor, Off. Bandra Kurla Complex, LBS Road, Kurla (West), Mumbai-400070  
       Tel: +91 (0) 22 67692500 / +91 (0) 22 67692525 | Fax: +91 (0) 22 67692572 | website: www.nuvoco.com | CIN- L26940MH1999PLC118229 
 
 
 
Ref. No.: Sec/218/2025-26 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543334 
Scrip ID: NUVOCO 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Trading Symbol: NUVOCO 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Investor and Analyst Conference Call on the Unaudited Standalone 
and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2025 
 
Further to our letter no. Sec/208/2025-26 dated January 07, 2026, letter no. Sec/214/2025-26 
dated January 15, 2026 and letter no. Sec/217/2025-26 dated January 16, 2026, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the Investor and Analyst Conference Call held on Friday,  
January 16, 2026 on the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025. 
 
The same is also being made available on the Company’s website at www.nuvoco.com. 
 
We request you to take the above on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
 
 
Shruta Sanghavi 
SVP and Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SHRUTA JATIN 
SANGHAVI
Digitally signed by 
SHRUTA JATIN SANGHAVI 
Date: 2026.01.22 16:56:30 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited Q3 FY’26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAYAKUMAR KRISHNASWAMY - MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, NUVOCO VISTAS CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. MANEESH AGRAWAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, NUVOCO VISTAS CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. BISHNU SHARMA – HEAD (INVESTOR RELATIONS), 
NUVOCO VISTAS CORPORATION LIMITED 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited Q3 
FY’26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bishnu Sharma – Head of Investor Relations from 
Nuvoco. Thank you and over to you. 
Bishnu Sharma: 
Good evening, everyone, and warm welcome to Nuvoco Q3 FY’26 Earnings Call. The results 
along with the earnings presentation has been uploaded to the stock exchange website yesterday 
and I hope you had a chance to review the key numbers 
Let me first share the key highlights for Q3 FY’26 after which we will open the floor for 
questions. 
The quarter began on a challenging note, but as we progressed, we started to see encouraging 
signs of recovery in overall demand. This improvement was particularly visible in the latter part 
of the quarter as the impact of earlier macro headwinds begin to subside. Encouragingly, capital 
expenditure by both central and state governments seems to have gained momentum, supporting 
infra-activity and cement demand. With this gradual pickup, the broader demand environment 
appears to be strengthening, setting a constructive tone for the quarters ahead. That said, a 
significant portion of the planned spending is yet to be executed, around 45% of central CAPEX 
and nearly about 61% of state CAPEX remains pending as of November 2025. The healthy 
pipeline of pending projects gives us comfort that this traction could continue in coming months. 
Additionally, as an above-normal monsoon, a softer interest rate environment and growing 
consumer confidence, particularly in rural areas, further reinforces our outlook for sustained 
demand growth going forward. 
Now turning to our performance for the quarter: 
We delivered robust results despite the early challenges from macro headwinds as mentioned 
earlier. Volumes grew 7% year-on-year to 5 million tons, the highest Q3 volumes ever recorded 
in our Company's history. December was particularly strong, with volume growth of 20% 
demonstrating our strong execution capabilities and the resilience of underlying demand. 
EBITDA for the quarter rose approximately 50% year-on-year to INR 386 crores, even as price 
moderated more than the benefits passed through, following the revised GST rates coupled with 
macro headwinds. Our emphasis remained squarely on premiumization and cost efficiency, 
which significantly lowered the impact of price moderation. We are pleased to report that the 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
premium products sustained their share of trade volumes at a historic high of 44%, marking the 
consecutive quarter at this elevated level. We have consistently expanded our premium base 
over time. For the 9 months of FY’26, premiumization stood at 43%, reflecting a steady uplift 
of nearly 300 basis points over the FY’25 baseline of 40%. This establishes new, stronger base 
for us going forward and will continue to support our performance. 
On the cost front, we continue to efficiently manage our operational costs as we achieved the 
lowest blended cost in the last 17 quarters at 1.41 per Mcal, despite the recent uptick in pet coke 
prices. Raw material cost per ton and distribution cost per ton also declined quarter-on-quarter, 
supported by operational efficiency gains. 
Coming to cement prices: 
Given the improvement in demand conditions and positive outlook, the Company undertook a 
price increase in January, which is expected to further improve our performance going forward. 
Let me now turn to the balance sheet: 
During the quarter, we raised INR 600 crores through CCD issuances, which were utilized to 
replace an equivalent amount of short-term bridge financing, thereby reducing overall debt 
levels. We expect to complete an additional INR 600 crores CCD issuances in the near term to 
substitute the remaining INR 600 crores of short-term bridge financing. Our continued focus on 
a disciplined approach to debt management reflects prudent capital allocation and will support 
the Company's growth agenda going forward. 
Let me briefly touch upon the Vadraj Cement Plant: 
The refurbishment and project execution remains on schedule, with operationalization of clinker 
units and grinding units planned in phases from Q3 FY’27 to Q1 FY’28. 
To give you a quick update on our project execution: 
We have made steady progress at both Kutch and Surat. At this site, key equipment is undergoing 
extensive overhaul. The engineering, tendering, and ordering of all goods and service packages 
at Surat are now complete, while activities at Kutch are progressing as per schedule. Deliveries 
on the electrical and instrumentation front remain on track for both locations and mechanical 
supplies have already started arriving at site. We have also applied for all the required permits 
to operationalize this plan in line with our planned timelines. 
On the logistics front, the Engineering Scale Plan and Detailed Project Report for the Kutch 
railway line have been submitted to Indian Railways, and the execution order is now at an 
advanced stage of processing. By the first half of FY’27, we expect to complete the overhauling 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
work and equipment installation, followed by trial runs in accordance with OEM protocols. We 
will subsequently establish operations from the control room. Accordingly, during FY’27, Surat 
grinding unit and Kutch clinker unit will become operational, while in H1 FY’28, Kutch grinding 
unit will get commissioned. The East expansion project of 4 million tons per annum in phases 
also remains on target. With the East expansion and commissioning of Vadraj plant, the 
Company's total cement capacity will scale up to 35 million tons per annum.  
Post the ongoing expansion at Vadraj and the East expansion, the Company's growth agenda 
will continue with a firm focus on balance sheet discipline. We have several strategic options 
ahead, including expanding our presence in the North through a brownfield project or pursuing 
a greenfield development in the Gulbarga region, aimed at strengthening our position in the 
western and central markets.  Furthermore, our recent preferred bid status for the JMK-R2 
limestone block in Jodhpur and Pali enhances our mining reserve base, providing a strong 
platform for future expansion. 
Lastly, to briefly highlight our ongoing digitization efforts: 
We have further strengthened efficiency and transparency throughout the operation. Our 
customer portal now handles approximately 99% of the total orders, offering real-time control 
and precision in order management. Following its success in cement, we launched customer 
portal for our MBM business too. During the quarter, we introduced Nuvoco ZeroM Unnati app 
under MBM to digitize influencer loyalty, driving higher engagement, greater transparency, 
efficiency and data-powered channel growth. On logistics, the transporter portal now covers 
inbound and outbound logistics across all plants, delivering end-to-end visibility while 
minimizing manual interventions. 
That concludes my opening remarks. I am here with Mr. Jayakumar Krishnaswamy, Managing 
Director of Nuvoco Vistas; Mr. Maneesh Agrawal – Chief Financial Officer. We are happy to 
answer any questions. Over to you, Yashashri. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. We'll 
take our first question from the line of Jashandeep Singh Chadha from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Jashandeep Singh Chadha: Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers despite weaker 
pricing. Just wanted to understand a couple of things. Firstly, you mentioned that Nuvoco took 
a price hike in this month. So, wanted to understand when did you take that price hike and how 
much was the price hike? And is the price hike sustained in the market? First question was that. 
If you can clarify that, then I will proceed with my next question. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Yes, I guess after a quarter three in terms of pricing, December onwards demand improved and 
then sustained demand continues in January as well. So, around 10th to 12th around that time, we 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
have taken a price rise in non-trade across the geographies in the market where we operate. And 
also in trade channel, we've attempted a price increase in East as well as North. We'll have to 
wait for a week or so to see whether the price rise which we have taken sustains. But as of now, 
things look positive. 
Jashandeep Singh Chadha: Okay. And has the demand, tapered off after the price hike or the momentum continues, which 
we saw in the first 10 days? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Other than the 14th-15th, these are all festive times. So, I guess, I will have to discount, it's two 
days before and today, I guess, demand was pretty good in the first 10-12 days of the month. So, 
give or take, I think, typically, after Sankranti, demand improves in all the regions. So, that's 
been the past trend. So, it should continue to improve going forward as well. 
Jashandeep Singh Chadha: Okay. Good to know that, sir. My second question is on cost. Nuvoco has been giving impressive 
cost numbers. Now, recently, we have seen pet coke prices going up. So, I wanted to understand 
in the fourth quarter, what will be the impact of that and going forward as well. And also, if you 
can shed some light on your CAPEX plan, the amount for next year, FY’27 and ‘28, and how 
should we look at this? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: As Bishnu mentioned in his initial comment, our fuel cost rupees per million cal trended at 1.41 
in Q3, which if you could have seen on the last many quarters, we have come to around 
thereabout kind of a number for a few quarters now. We will continue this trend. Already, pet 
coke prices have gone up in the month of December. And including, I am talking about the 
current trend of pricing, I guess, in Q4, I am still looking at a similar kind of number, give or 
take a little bit of 0.01 or something like that. But that's all insignificant changes that may happen. 
These are basically backed up by 2-3 aspects of the Company. One is to work on our AFR agenda 
in North, the two plants, as well as in Risda. The second one is using domestic open market coal. 
For the first time in the last many years, in the preceding quarter, we have started using a good 
amount of domestic open market coal in our North plants. And that's kind of helped us sober the 
cost lines of fuel in the North, as well as increase the domestic open market coal in our East 
plant. And last but not the least, our focus has been to kind of reduce the pet coke consumption 
from high of 48% all the way come down to 41% now, which is an impressive number. With 
this kind of pet coke reduction, we will be able to offset the rise in pet coke prices, if any. And 
also, our teams have been very innovative and trying to use what you call power plant reject coal 
and as well as coal washery reject coal for our CPP plants, bringing down the power cost of CPP 
from close to about INR 0.95 per million cal to as low as INR 0.78-INR 0.8 per million cal. So, 
basically, substitute, reduce pet coke consumption. Second is get increased focus on AFR and 
last one is to kind of work on CPP coal. 
With all these initiatives, I think we should be able to deflate the potential increase in pet coke 
prices at prevalent levels. In the unlikely event of a big-time increase, I guess that's going to be 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
a challenge for the entire industry. But as we see today, we have fuel stocks for a month or two 
right now. And with the fuel stocks which we have, we should be able to sail through Quarter 4. 
And now the second point about CAPEX plans. In the previous call, we had spoken about the 
overall CAPEX outplay for the Company, obviously we have the CAPEX for the existing 
operations as well as CAPEX for the Vadraj. So, overall, this year, as of nine months, we have 
spent close to about INR 320 crores of CAPEX as of December. And the balance three months, 
we should be spending about INR 200 odd crores. So, for the full year, the CAPEX outlook is 
coming anywhere between INR 620 crores to 670 crores. 
Jashandeep Singh Chadha: Okay. And then if I can squeeze in one last question, a lot of advantages that you mentioned, 
Nuvoco, especially on the cost front are in the eastern assets. But when we will start, Nuvoco 
will start Vadraj, a lot of these advantages will not be there. So, in the initial years, can you give 
a sense of how much the cost might increase as capacity ramps up at Vadraj? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: You are talking about what happens, okay. Look, anyway, Vadraj is going to be run on pet coke 
fuel for kiln similar to our Nimbol and Chittor. So, the ballpark number will be same as what 
Chittor in terms of fuel cost per kiln. The other advantage is Vadraj is, that area we have Lignite. 
So, the captive power plant is going to be based on Lignite as a fuel. So, when we have done the 
initial calculation, our energy cost for Vadraj plant, other than the startup challenge of starting a 
new plant, other than that, I guess in terms of somewhat steady state, our fuel cost, energy cost, 
it will also have a CPP similar to what we have in Chittor and Nimbol. So, it's kind of a copy of 
our operations. So, the cost lines of Vadraj in terms of power and fuel will be more or less same 
as what we get in Nimbol and Chittor as we start the plant. 
Jashandeep Singh Chadha: Understood. Thank you so much. I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Murarka: 
Hi. Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. So, just a question on leverage. So, in the 
presentation, I think you have shown debt at INR 4,217 crore and plus INR 600 crores as short-
term bridge loan and CCD. So, I just wanted to understand a bit more about the CCDs as to what 
are the conversion terms and by when does it come up for conversion? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: During the last call and the one before, we have already said that with Nuvoco reach 3,500 crores 
to 4,000 crores, that's when we kind of start our next expansion, which that's how we started the 
entire Vadraj process. And the entire fundraising bit for Vadraj was we had to pay INR 1,800 
crores as an acquisition cost for Vadraj. So, to get that INR 1,800 crores funding, so we had 
started with INR 600 crores of long-term debt and another INR 1,200 crores of bridge financing 
till the CCD route was decided by the organization. So, first I will explain the INR 600 crores. 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
The 600 crores sits in this 4,217 as mentioned in our investor presentation. The INR 4,217 crores 
debt level at December ‘25 has built in number of INR 600 crores. So, if you have to do a like-
to-like comparison of our past periods, this number is 3,617 and with compared to December 
last year, it was 4,350 and that's the kind of debt reduction, deleveraging Company has been able 
to do in the last few years. So, 3,617 add 600, 4,217 and that 600 will sit in our books as a long-
term debt for Vadraj acquisition. We mentioned that the INR 1,200 crores will be in the form of 
a CCD. I will ask Maneesh to explain how we have gone about doing the INR 1,200 crores into 
two INR 600 crore tranches. 
Maneesh Agrawal: 
So, in terms of the specific terms of the CCD, which is the tranches that has been done in the 
month of November as the query. So, basically, there is a call option and a put option as a part 
of the CCD. So, Nuvoco will have the call option and will have the right, though it's not an 
obligation to buy out the investor, depending upon our balance sheet position at that point in 
time and the market conditions. So, basically, this call option is exercisable at the end of the fifth 
year, at the end of the 5.5 year and at the end of the sixth year. As I said, the call option is after 
5.5 years-6 years. So, these 600 crores CCDs, series A, this is into three tranches of 200 crores 
each that I've talked about and it is mandatorily, it gets converted into equity at the end of seventh 
year and it carries a coupon rate of 0.1% in the books. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Yes, 600 crores just to pick it up from Maneesh, so it gets consummated at five years plus. At 
the time, Nuvoco balance sheet will be much stronger than where we are currently. So, we have 
the call option at the time and  as Maneesh says, 200-200-200. The second 600 crores, we have 
still not completed the short-term debt into CCD. I guess due to year-end holidays in the market, 
so we are still under discussion, should be concluded in the coming days. 
Amit Murarka: 
Okay. So, what I understood is that it is compulsorily convertible into equity at the end of the 
seventh year? 
Maneesh Agrawal: 
That's right. 
 
Amit Murarka: 
And what would be the price at which it gets converted? 
Maneesh Agrawal: 
So, I think you can take these things offline or separately from the investor relations department. 
So, as I said, it is a call option at the end of fifth year, 5.5 years-6 years from Nuvoco’s 
perspective. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: So, we have strong balance sheet to use the call option and repay the CCD. That is the idea which 
we have. In the most unlikely event that is when I guess the put option will be exercised on the 
promoter group Company. 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Amit Murarka: 
Understood. So, you are basically, the idea is to essentially repay off this in the fifth year itself 
and through the cash flow that you will generate in this period and not really wait for the 
conversion into equity. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Absolutely. That's the intention. I guess, as we speak, we will be three years from now at a 
CAGR of 7%. Obviously, the business will grow to a much higher volume and also with the 
volumes coming from Vadraj, and with overall, what do you call market opportunity, we should 
be able to generate much more cash and a balance sheet should be much stronger. And as I 
mentioned, the kind of business projections which we have in place, we should also be able to 
fund the Vadraj CAPEX through internal accruals. And then we should be able to retire the CCD. 
But I just want to mention one other point to you is, many times I mentioned in our calls, almost 
all times I mentioned this particular point in the call, stating that as a Company, we are 
comfortable operating the Company with the debt levels of INR 3,500 to INR 4,000 crores. That 
would continue to be, we are not going to be going into the path of retiring all the debt. I am sure 
if really business scales up to that level, this debt level also should come down. But we should 
also be able to, we have the ambition of growing the Company beyond Vadraj as well. So, I 
guess we are comfortable with the debt level of about INR 3,500. And at that time, EBITDA is 
coming, we should meet our covenants. So, we are targeting EBITDA to debt level around INR 
2-ish at the time as well. So, comfortable position to retire the CCD on a call option and still 
grow the Company. 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure. Just on the last question on the CCD bit, so at the fifth year when you have the call option 
to buy the debt out, will it be bought out at INR 600 crores or will there be something additional 
that is required to be paid? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: It has to be additional because that's how the whole structuring is done because all the so called 
interest adjustment will happen into the principle of 600 which is in the form of CCD. And then 
the payout will be happening on top of all the yearly compounded number when it comes to fifth 
year. 
Amit Murarka: 
So, what is the implied interest? I just want to understand while I understand that this is a 
structured transaction debt. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: So, what we will do is to share this, this should get into a long discussion. So, may I request you 
to reach out to us, come over to our office or let's set up a call. We'll explain all of it in complete 
detail because obviously all of it is in the public domain. So, we should be able to give you all 
the details. So, anything that is needed, reach out to us. We should give you every bit of detail. 
Amit Murarka: 
Okay. Sure. Thank you so much. 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Satyadeep Jain from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Hi. Thank you. Just a follow up to the CCD question. The remaining 600 crores you actually 
didn't tie up. Is that, have you locked in, basically the investors are more or less identified? Is it 
the same set of investors? Is it just some procedural delay? I just wanted to understand where 
are you in the process? It's been a while since that Vadraj deal happened. Obviously, you have 
closed 600 crores. The remaining 600 crores will find out similar investors, different. The 
structuring is also going to be similar as we look at that 600 crores? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Yes. Satyadeep, the structuring is more or less going to be the same. Maybe the numbers could 
be slightly different because it's not going to be exactly the same set of people who will do. We 
are more or less at the final stage of discussion. So, it is nothing to do with any challenge or 
anything which you have faced. Just that year end happened and then the thing market, the people 
with whom we are working have just come back. So, it should happen. I can't give you a timeline 
whether it will happen in a week or 10 days or two weeks. But suffice to say that we are on top 
of it and this should happen pretty much in the near future. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. And on this Vadraj asset, just maybe an update on the rail line. I know it had already 
reached Naliya. What is the status for last mile connectivity from Naliya to your plant? And then 
from there also, have you seen other players start up basically transporting from that particular 
stretch or is it still in the future? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: That's kind of more or less stitched up. The railway survey is already completed between Naliya 
and to a place called Vagot. Vagot is a station which is about 4.5 kilometers from our plant. So, 
the railway has started working on that and I think the land acquisition that is going to be done 
by railways. I think their initial project report says that they should be ready completing this up 
to this Vagot station by end this year, December, January they should be able to complete. In 
parallel, the whole distance for us is there are obviously other than that there are two other plants. 
I think they're also kind of pursuing from the same Vagot stop and then that's when the line 
branches out to us as well as to the other two players. For us, from that station to our plant, 
outside our plant boundaries 4.5 kilometers of our land. So, we already completed the land 
survey, the railway route finalization, the DPR and ESP are all done. Only on last week, 
Wednesday, I kind of approved the purchase order for the party to work on the railway siding as 
well. So, it all happened parallelly. So, our plan is to start work from inside the plant already we 
have control over the land. So, the work will start from inside our plant compound all the way 
to the place where the siding comes inside our plant. And in parallel, I guess, land acquisition 
lot of patches of land is government land. So, we are already working with Government of 
Gujarat. So, by the time work starts, we should have completed the acquisition of the land and 
when railways is ready by end of this year, we won't be able to complete the project by end of 
this year. It should take longer than that. Our target is June FY’28 is when the siding is going to 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
be completed. So, we are on top of it on course to complete the stuff. The other two guys, I guess 
they should also be working on the same lines. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
So, as of now, the other two guys, their plants are operational. Just want to understand it because 
the line is there till Naliya. So, have other players started shipping and when you look at the last 
mile connectivity and assuming some delays, we've been mentioning June ‘28. But for at least 
the monsoon period, it's a fair weather port. Should we assume lower utilization for the first year 
till this last mile connectivity is there? Just maybe an update on other people using that line… 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: The Naliya siding has already been used by other companies. So, I guess the Naliya siding is 
anyway operational. Though it doesn't have any handling, obviously it's a manual handling, 
loading into inbox and moving the material. So, that one is operational. So, push comes to shove 
we will start with Naliya. Not a problem at all. And by the time June of next year, monsoon or 
July or something, I guess we should be ready by then. In the unlikely event, Naliya is always 
there. It's a little bit additional cost to move material. Other than that, the jetty route is already 
there. The jetty route will also be there. Then the Naliya route will always be there. But I think 
beyond June FY’28, we should have the railway siding operating out of the plant and dispatches 
should happen within the plant. So, as I see today, we are on top of things. Obviously, in a big 
project like this, there could always be small delays here and there. But I don't foresee any major 
stumbling block in this because I guess backup in Naliya is there. Jetty is, we have already done 
the bathymetric survey and then we know how to kind of ferry material out of the jetty, cut jetty 
as well. So, the jetty route is also going to be operational around the time the clinker starts 
production. Naliya will be ready when the clinker production starts. Surat would be operational 
before that. So, by the time siding comes by Q1 end, we should be fully in business moving 
material. As regards to your second question of whether it meets the scale-up of the Company. 
So, as I mentioned before, our overall scale-up is 1-2-3-4. That's the kind of number which we 
had in mind. 1 million in FY’26, which is we will exit the year at a million kind of annualized 
million sale in Gujarat. Next year, by end of the year, we should get into 2 million sale and 
FY’28 will be 3 million and FY’29 will be 4 million. So, that's the broad plan which we have. 
We are close to achieving and delivering those 1-2-3-4 agenda. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Lastly on Gujarat specifically because you are entering, expanding there in a big way. I know 
you are catering to that market right now, the 1 million ton that you mentioned through North. 
But would you have to, as you look at bringing more volumes, when should we look at maybe 
upscaling your branding team before that capacity comes online? Is there something you need 
to do to strengthen your position of branding or team there in that region and when would you 
start to do that? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: I guess it's all about timing because I start spending money right now, I will be wasting money. 
If I don't spend late, I will be losing opportunity. So, we have a clear blueprint in place when to 
kind of get into investment mode in terms of market investment and media investment. But what 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
are the things which you have already done? We have a full-fledged sales force in place. We 
have the sales officers in place. We have the market study done and then dealer appointments 
started happening. So, by the time, even in the month of December, we already sold in the state 
of Gujarat 1.2 lakhs and our target in Q4 is going to be similar kind of numbers every month. 
So, we've kind of scaled up to this kind of 1.2 would already mean more than a million ton of 
sale will happen in the first year itself. So, that sale cannot happen unless and until you appoint 
dealer network which is already there. But as regards advertisement, marketing and other spend, 
so I guess we have a blueprint in place. But in this call, I won't be able to tell when I am going 
to break. But certainly, on top of things and by the time our Surat unit is operational, we should 
be having all this in place in the market. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay, thank you so much and wish you all the best. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. My question pertains to the fuel and power cost. This 1.41 when you say 
per million cal, this is inclusive of your thermal CPP power cost? Or this is only kiln fuel cost? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: This is kiln fuel cost. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. And what would be your in the kiln fuel? What would be the linkage and pet coke and 
other coal mix? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Petcoke on the kiln as you mentioned is Q3 FY’26. We have delivered 41% pet coke usage in 
our kiln. This has got a higher load in North and a lower load in East. This is a blended load for 
the Company as a whole at 41%. We were at a similar time last year Q3 FY’25, we were at 48% 
pet coke. We are at 41% pet coke now. Linkage coal is 34%. Non linkage domestic coal is 15%. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. And AFR would be the remaining? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: AFR 10% is Q3 FY’26. Here we should improve because last one and a half months we had two 
main plants Risda and Nimbol under shutdown. So, both these plants have the AFR facility so 
the number is slightly low. Before shutdown of these plants Nimbol was already at 15% and 
Chittor was already at 15%. So, I guess some ramp up time will take in the next three months by 
Q1 FY’27 we should be able to get this number to anywhere between 13%-15% at a Company 
level. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Understood. And sir logistics cost this quarter has come down. Is there any reduction in lead 
distance or what specifically has led to correction in your logistics cost? 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Our lead distance in Q2 was 331. We are at 326 kilometers this quarter. A good reduction of 5 
kilometers most of the reduction has come in the secondary side and impact is due to the 
secondary side reduction where the PTPK is more than the primary PTPK and that's one reason 
why our logistics cost has become efficient in Q3 FY’26. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Because if I look at from Q1-Q2 level it is down almost by INR 70-INR 80 per ton. If I look at 
the average of H1 it was 15.25. Now it is 100 rupees lower in Q3. So, what explains this? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Three things. One is lead distance which I mentioned. The second one is all our primary freight 
has got GPS fitted now. So, we are running a very tight system to ensure that any potential 
leakages in primary is reduced to a big extent. And third most important thing you would have 
also, we have mentioned in the year ago two years ago we started the Sonadih and Jajpur railway 
siding and for the Jajpur by road that's totally eliminated now. All clinker movement in East is 
happening only by rake. So, that's a big savings in terms of clinker distribution cost has come 
down which is we have all the one time we had mentioned in the previous call that the 
distribution clinker distribution cost should clinker movement cost, should come down anywhere 
between INR 25-INR 35 kind of a number. That added to lead distance reduction, GPS 
implementation and last but not the least increased focus in Chhattisgarh sales and Rajasthan 
sales has also reduced the overall lead distance which is composite multiple reasons to explain 
the reduction in distribution cost. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
So, how much is the rail share now which was 40% in Q2? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: I can give rail share for the total as whole just give me a second. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
On a total basis. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Our rail share is 37% and road share is 63%, 9 months FY’26 and that Q3 also 63-37. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay understood okay and so lastly on the power cost, your green power mix is holding up 
around close to 20%, okay? What are the opportunity there to increase this because most of your 
peers they're all inching up to 40%-50%, so can you give me a break up of your power usage 
grid, CPP and you know renewable power and what is the thought there? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Currently our CPP is 150 megawatt and WHR is close to about 45 megawatt put together we are 
at 195 megawatt-196 megawatts. Our plan is to de-bottleneck all these WHR to get another 3.5 
megawatts in the next 6-8 months that's the number one way to increase the green power. We 
also have very small solar power in Chittor factory and it's a very small one, along with that we 
have a one megawatt solar power in Bhiwani and a one megawatt solar power in Jajpur factory. 
So, these two are the current initiative but in the last one month we have signed an LOI with the 
Company to set up a hybrid power plant in Rajasthan and that should be operational in the next 
12 months-18 months which should be a big boost to power cost in Nimbol plant and that's a 50 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
megawatt hybrid model which we are working which should be one of the large investments 
which we are making going forward. It will not be a CAPEX model, it's going to be a group 
captive model which we have concluded very recently and that work should start very soon. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
So, 50 megawatts will be the installed capacity and it is solar right? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: It is a hybrid, solar plus wind. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay, why my question is, most people are doing this RE power through JV mode to reduce 
their landed power cost. So, what sort of power cost reduction and given that many companies 
if you see your few competitors have recently invested INR 45 crore with a payback period of 
you know what we understand these JV projects have a payback period of less than two years 
so is it not an opportunity for you to invest into invest say 100 odd crore through JV models and 
increase your green mix from 20% to 40%  plus and in turn also reduce your blended power cost 
by say INR 1 odd? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Very much. I think Rajesh is very clear. If you look at, where all we operate, we operate in 
Rajasthan, that's a big cluster for us, Chhattisgarh is the second biggest power consuming place 
and the third one is West Bengal where we have two GUs. So, our highest power cost for the 
Company comes from Rajasthan both because of pet coke cost as well as the overall power cost 
in that place is high and the rules of Rajasthan got changed only recently. As soon as the group 
captive and the banking model came into economically right strain we have gone ahead with this 
group captive model of putting up a plant exclusively for Nimbol. What we do in the second 
plant is based on our experience of Nimbol, that's the first thing. When it comes to Chhattisgarh 
the first thing which is important for us is we run on a what do you call linkage code is a big 
component in Chhattisgarh and the second one also is all the three plant grid integration in Risda, 
Arasmeta and Sonadih, so what we run is all these three plants run on a grid and we many times 
we shut the CPP to use the grid or we shut the grid and use power from one factory to other 
factory, it's a common grid and we have got a solid benefit out of it the payback was close to 
only 7-8months and more or less the job is done. We will go for a captive plant in Chhattisgarh 
once the economics of captive plant outweighs the savings which you are making out of a current 
model so it's very much in our agenda. It is economics which will drive at this point of time. 
Lastly it is Bengal, Bengal still the group captive model is not working because the rules of space 
does not facilitate what we have in Rajasthan. We don't have proper banking arrangement there 
so once that happens that's the place where we will go for. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Understood. What is your blended power cost currently, 9 months and Q3? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Blended power cost for the Company is just a second please the blended power cost for the 
Company is close to about INR 335 per ton. 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay, understood sir. That's helpful. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We'll take our next question from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. 
Please go ahead 
Prateek Kumar: 
Good evening. Congrats for great results. I have a couple of questions. Firstly, on your 
premiumization mix and increasing the rate over last few years. How do you think your gap has 
closed or increased versus other brands in the market and how does increasing premium mix 
contribute to your EBITDA per ton? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: We have got bragging rights on this. So, certainly from FY’22 till FY’26 nine months our 
premiumization percentage is a percentage of trade volumes have moved from 34 to 36 to 37 to 
40 to 43 and Q3 we had 44% of premiumization. We have Concreto which is a flagship premium 
brand. We also successfully launched Concreto Uno in Bihar, Bengal and Jharkhand and the 
Duraguard Microfiber is sold in Chhattisgarh, Orissa, Rajasthan, Western MP, Haryana other 
North markets and also in Gujarat. So, that's something which and if you look at rest of the other 
companies, I am not to rattle out other companies, I think they are at a different level, we are at 
a different level. Certainly, going forward this will be a source of strength for us. We will further 
strengthen in FY’27 and beyond certainly to increase this number. We are really looking at 
increasing this number certainly at 200 basis points every year in the next 2 to 3 years. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Sorry, my question was regarding how are your net realizations or market pricing would be have 
increased or gap on a better side versus your competition during this period and contribution of 
better premiumization on EBITDA per ton? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: At the premiumization level, we can't look at an all-India level because premiumization has to 
be calculated of the base product in that state and the premium in that state, contribution changes 
from state to state. Suffice to say that at a premiumization level, we can get anywhere between 
INR 150 to INR 200 increased contribution per ton of cement sold. So, that's a big boost and as 
we go forward this will provide us leverage to overall improve the realization for the Company. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Okay and my other question is on your 4Q so we have seen acceleration in demand growth for 
your company based on current trends because we had like a very high performance base in Q4 
last year we look volume growth accelerating from 7% this quarter and also a related question 
on pricing how is your pricing undertaken on 10 January, 12 January compares to the exit price 
of December quarter. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Yes. I guess first one is in terms of Q4, obviously our base was high last year. We sold 5.7 
million tons in Q4. So, I am really looking at good growth. If you remember my previous call in 
Q3 I mentioned that the demand for industry should be anywhere between 7% to 8% kind of a 
number. So, we hope to kind of hit that number or cross that number certainly going forward. 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
That is on the demand side, basis side but I guess Q4 overall the cement industry also peaks and 
then we will certainly write the demand working up. Second in terms of the price increase in the 
impact of price increase as I said as an answer to the first question pricing corrections we took 
around 10th of January, 11th of January. So, non-trade prices have moved most markets. Trade 
prices also have moved in certain markets. I will have to wait for the next week or 10 days to 
see whether these prices will continue to remain where it is. I see no reason why prices coming 
down from where we have taken up because these prices have to sustain going forward and also 
in a quarter where demand is going to be pretty robust. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Thank you, sir, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take our next question from the line of Tejas Pradhan from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Tejas Pradhan: 
Yes. Hi sir. So, you had mentioned that you will be expecting 7% to 8% demand growth in 4th 
Quarter. Now from 4th Quarter last year if I am not wrong, we operated at 90 plus capacity 
utilization and I assume there will be a regional skew over there. So, how are we placed in terms 
of having capacity available both from grinding and clinker capacity perspective to sort of meet 
this demand growth that could be there. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Yes, we have to divide our market between East and North to West or certainly in the North 
markets sourced from Chittor, Nimbol we would be operating at near capacity utilization in Q4 
that is very clear. The only way we can get more volumes is to go more and more into blended 
cement even in non-trade category and that is our goal in Q4 to kind of get our year six million 
tons of capacity, we will set our assets to come very close to that number. However, in East we 
still have a lot of headroom, our installed capacity is close to about 20 million tons at CK ratio 
of ~2. So, one of the goals here again is taper down the OPC levels in non-trade and go hammer 
and tongs on trade levels, we have sufficient headroom in East to kind of get the growth this 
year even next year at double digit growth and year after also a double-digit growth. So, certainly 
suffice to say for the next two and a half years we have adequate capacity in East to kind of 
sweat the assets and get the volume growth going. The other one which we will certainly work 
on is get into more and more blended cement get into more and more slag cement. Also Concreto 
UNO is composite cement it is a premium composite so we will more and more switch over 
from playing PPC or playing PSC into composite to do clinker release. So, clinker release will 
be an agenda going from OPC to blended cement whatever little we do will be the second agenda, 
sufficient headroom to grow. Certainly, in Q4 and beyond FY’27 and FY’28 also we have 
adequate capacity in the East. North will be a tight scenario. After this quarter we will continue 
to operate at near capacity utilization in North and that is one of the reasons Vadraj will come 
into play. Once Vadraj capacity comes into play we release close to about 1, the current 1-
million-ton sale in Gujarat into North markets and certainly get Vadraj to serve Gujarat as well 
as West Maharashtra or also some bordering portion of West MP also will happen from Surat 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
factory. So, all in all the entire Vadraj expansion strategy is to release capacity in North and East 
we are self-contained for the next two to three years. 
Tejas Pradhan: 
Okay. Sir just to add on to that, so if I look at the presentation the cement to clinker ratio for 
nine months is mentioned at 1.72x at the company level, could you break this down into East 
and North, what could be the CK ratio in those regions? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: East will be close to about 1.95 to 2, North will be about 1.3 to 1.35. So, we will have to further 
improve North from more away from OPC to PPC. I guess that is going to be the focus in the 
coming two quarters to release cement because there is growth in the market we will have to 
move away from non-trade into trade and move away from OPC to PPC. We hardly sell any 
OPC in trade. So, whatever little non-trade OPC will move from based on contribution of course 
into PPC is certainly at, we still have headroom to go to 2.1 in certain, we have done 2.1 in the 
past as well should go to 2.1 very soon. So, that there again I think we will curtail the OPC sales 
and non-trade and go out and out into PPC or move from PSC into composites. 
Tejas Pradhan: 
Okay and in the interim do we have any scope for any debottlenecking or we have already sort 
of exhausted the likelihood limit? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: As we speak right now, we do not have any debottlenecking plan in East, however, the cement 
capacity increase of 4 million tons grinding will help us more grinding capacity closer to the 
market to get this capacity going in the market and also the Chhattisgarh GST benefit will help 
us garner a little bit more money by the debottlenecking in Arasmeta. The entire composite 
cement agenda, blended cement agenda for the company is the reason for doing the expansion 
of grinding units in East not the clinker perspective 
Tejas Pradhan: 
I was saying from clinker capacity 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: I am talking about that. Hold on for a second I am coming to that. East, we have debottlenecked 
our installed clinker capacity close to 9.5 million tons so we can always get the squeezing done. 
At this point of time, I am not focused too much on increasing clinker capacity from 9.5 beyond 
simply because I have headroom even with 9.5 at 2.1 CK ratio I can go more than 20 million 
tons in East and I have adequate cement at 2 million 10% growth for next three years I have 
adequate cement capacity unlocked for East. Maybe at the same time next year we can think 
about debottlenecking. We do not have plans to put a full-fledged clinker line in East at this 
point of time but maybe I think as the year progresses, and we come into next year we can look 
at that. In North debottlenecking certainly we will do, we already debottlenecked Nimbol from 
4500 to 6100 that is a big debottlenecking exercise we did. Chittor factory used to be 5000 we 
went to 6100 but right now I do not have any plans to increase the clinker capacity in North from 
6250, 6250 is 12500, Vadraj  will be the one which will come and help my clinker capacity in 
North. 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Tejas Pradhan: 
Sure. Thanks, and just one last question from my side what would be the cost of borrowing for 
the company as of now? 
Maneesh Agrawal : 
Just a second. So, it is currently in the range of sub-8% 
Tejas Pradhan: 
8%, okay. Thanks a lot. That is it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shravan Shah: 
Hi. Thank you sir. Sir, just to summarize so at a blended level given the 3-million-ton capacity 
that will come up particularly this East one so one, 1 million tons I hope will be coming by 
March Jojobera and Jajpur. Jojobera and Panagarh will be coming by this March and maybe 1-
million-ton Jajpur by 1Q FY’27 and plus 2-million-ton Surat also will be coming up and will be 
available for the second half of FY’27. So, at a broader level this 4th Quarter at least we should 
be doing 7%, 8% growth and for next two to three years as you are highlighting at a blended 
level closer to a double-digit growth is doable. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Absolutely. I guess you summarized everything what I wanted to tell. Certainly in Q4 our target 
should be what you mentioned and next year and beyond we are targeting a CAGR of 10% 
volume growth at least for next two years if not more. Vadraj will give us benefit in North, and 
East with the Jojobera debottlenecking more or less it is going to be ready, I guess in the next 
two months we should have Jojobera expansion completed. Jajpur expansion, Panagarh 
expansion work has started, we have the, there is something called NIU approval, so we are 
working with the governments for getting the no load increase approval which is happening 
currently and side by side the modifications are happening in this plant. Arasmeta 
debottlenecking a little bit longer because it involves putting up a totally new mill that should 
be available in FY’28. FY’27 certainly Jojobera expansion will be completed early part of FY’27 
and even Panagarh and Jajpur I guess we should be ready by max-to-max Q2 but certainly end 
of Q1. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Got it. Second sir to summarize in terms of the cost of including the even the startup cost 
for the Vadraj so from here on in terms of the at the company level in terms of the cost saving 
how one can look at? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: This is our annual operating plan time I guess when we meet in 4Q I will be able to share the 
next two to three years’ cost saving agenda for the company. We are currently working so next 
time when we meet, I will be able to share with you the next two to three years cost-saving 
agenda for the company 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay and sir CAPEX you have mentioned for the 4th Quarter for FY’27 and FY’28 if you can 
because I think Vadraj CAPEX slightly getting postponed to FY’27. So, for FY’27, FY’28 if 
you can spell the CAPEX number? 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Yes by FY’27  I am looking at the overall CAPEX of close to about Rs. 1,000 crores and FY’28 
close to Rs. 700 crores. FY’26 will be Rs. 650 crores what I mentioned Rs. 620 crores to Rs. 
670 crores. Let us take Rs. 650 crores as FY’26. FY’27 should be anywhere between Rs. 1,000 
crores to Rs. 1,050 crores and FY’27 will be anywhere between Rs. 650 crores to Rs. 700 crores. 
This will have Vadraj CAPEX which will come, we already spent close to about Rs. 200 crores 
in Vadraj, by December should have another Rs. 300 crores,  Rs. 250 crores which will happen 
in the next two to three months then on next year about Rs. 800 crores and the year next another 
Rs. 500 crores for Vadraj and rest will be routine CAPEX. So, overall, summing up FY’26 our 
CAPEX will be Rs. 620 crores to Rs. 670 crores. Give or take Rs. 50 crores here and there. 
FY’27 will be Rs. 1,000 crores to Rs. 1,100 crores. FY’28 will be Rs. 650 to Rs. 700 crores. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Shravan I am sorry to interrupt I request you to join back the queue please. 
Shravan Shah: 
I am just completing that. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Go ahead. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes. Does that mean that we are not factoring any kind of a CAPEX for a Chittorgarh expansion? 
So, that should be happening in FY’28 at least. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: At this point of time it is too early for me to say when we will start either we will start in FY’28 
or FY’29 it could be go or take one year here and there but I think let us get into FY’27 H2 of 
FY’27 we will give you clarity on when do we start because we have got still like Bishnu 
mentioned in his opening remark we have options with Gulbarga, we have options with 
Chittorgarh, we have the Nimbahera mine we also have the JMK mine in Jodhpur and also have 
the Gulbarga mine. So, we will decide closer to the date where we will expand either a greenfield 
expansion or a brownfield expansion. FY’28 onwards it will start but it is too early for me to say 
when I am going to put money it could be H2 FY’28 or Q1 of FY’29. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Got it sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Navin Sahadeo from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Yes, great. Thank you. So, two questions one was on the industry-wide pricing, sir as you said 
you have taken some price hikes in January and you also mentioned that December as a month 
not just I mean it witnessed a double digit kind of a growth and I think our channel checks are 
also indicating both North and East witnessed a very decent or may I say very bumper sort of a 
rebound volumes in the month of December. Typically, January volumes are at par to what they 
are in December, so my question was that if December as a month which witnessed such a sharp 
recovery could not give any prices rather prices continue to reel under pressure what gives the 
confidence that January would see some better pricing please? 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Volume certainly from the first 14 days of the month I guess we are cracking decent volumes I 
am sure industry also demand for cement in general is pretty good in the market as January has 
started. So, I am not going to qualify any, put any adjective to the past month but certainly I 
think December was a good month for us and maybe for industry once their results are published 
but certainly in January I see a demand sustaining from December 20 levels December 20th to 
30th levels and that is the reason why we have gone ahead and made this changes in pricing. So, 
as I said earlier this is just only what one week into price increase time. So, I will wait and watch 
going forward whether we are able to sustain these prices. So, my gut sense is the prices had 
fallen below the GST levels because we had passed on all the benefits of GST and we continued 
with the quarter but with a little bit of a cost inflation we had to do some adjustment and that is 
how we took this correction. Non-trade prices had gone quite below trade prices and that is 
reason why we took the correction in non-trade first. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Understood. Helpful. There can be a slightly long-term or a mid-term question this is in with 
respect to the CAPEX plans that you have mentioned. So, historically you always mentioned 
that whenever the net debt of the company comes to you know in the range of 3,500 to 4,000 
you will pursue the next CAPEX which you are doing in the form of Vadraj. So, now since the 
last two quarters you have been mentioning a medium-term growth plans of Chittorgarh plant 
and greenfield optionality for Gulbarga. So, is there any thought process as to what levels of 
debt will the company then again net debt or the net debt to EBITDA will the company look to 
pursue these CAPEX? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: I will still continue to say that we will pursue a growth at this kind of numbers in future as well 
but with this kind of CAPEX spend in the last year with Vadraj acquisition and going forward 
in the next two years certainly we need to have the next set of expansion the moment we 
complete Vadraj, so, but the current focus is going to be getting Vadraj right. So, we are a 
company which goes 1 at a time company so that is how we will progress on this. When we 
reach FY’28 I guess as I answered the previous question sometime in FY’28 either H2 or Q1 
FY’29 is when we will start the next phase of expansion but as I built the business plan for the 
company from current year to the next two to three years we should be in a pretty favorable 
position at similar kind of debt levels two years from now for us to kickstart the next expansion. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Noted. One question if I can squeeze in, sorry sir very quickly your freight cost tends to be very 
volatile I mean you know it is heartening to see a decline but then it also tends to bounce back 
for example in Q4 of 2025 it had fallen on a per ton which is as low as 1,401 but suddenly in Q1 
we saw a jump to 1,550. So, I am just trying to understand it is good to see the current quarters 
outstanding like you know reduction in the freight but how sustainable is this is my only related 
question. Thank you. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: To keep the freight cost under control I think there are two-three levers which we have done. 
Certainly, I think the railway siding in Sonadih and Jajpur has been instrumental in reducing the 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
clinker movement rate which is important. The second one is with the starting of our Bhiwani 
factory the lead distance of Haryana cement plant got positively impacted. As regards your 
question about erratic behavior of our freight cost, so I would say that certainly from FY’25 Q2 
onwards till as we speak I think gradually we are chipping away the freight cost mainly due to 
three reasons. One is focusing on home markets and reducing the lead distance. Second one is 
the railway siding in Sonadih as well as Jajpur. But one of the principal reasons is we are a 
company which is on 37% rail share and 63% road share. As you would have seen post COVID 
for the next two years, the government did not levy the, what we call freight subsidy for lean 
season they delivered freight subsidy for lean season and suddenly they went back again a year 
and a half last year and the freight subsidy got cancelled hence the freight cost increased because 
we have a certain big amount of rail share and the overall freight cost increased due to subsidy 
going away. From now on from last year which is FY’25 to FY’26 I guess it is a steady state 
period you will see us progressing continuously on sustained reduction in freight cost mainly 
through home market sales increased home market sales reducing leakages through GPS, getting 
the clinker distribution cost between Jajpur and Sonadih. Last but not the least, one of the things 
which also came as a fluctuation in for two, three, four, two quarters was also in certain markets 
we moved from Ex to FOR but then I think the entire industry works on a particular practice and 
then we had to change the model and that is the reason where you would have seen some spikes 
on the freight cost. All that is behind us now we now have a steady state market, sustained 
railway with all the costs which are built going forward contains the lean season discount not 
happening during the period. Number two being Sonadih, Jajpur siding is completed. Number 
three being increased focus on home markets in Rajasthan Chhattisgarh, Haryana, distribution 
cost should come down. So, suffice to say as we go forward, we should be able to have efficiency 
improvement and logistics cost to get the maximum savings in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Bishnu Sharma for closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Bishnu Sharma: 
Thank you for all your thoughtful and insightful questions. We hope your questions have been 
addressed. The investor relations team is ready to provide any additional clarifications you might 
need for the call before we wrap up today's call let me affirm our resolute commitment to driving 
sustained growth and strengthening our market positions. Vadraj cement plant project execution 
remains on track with phased commissioning targeted from Q3 FY’27 to strengthen our western 
region presence. Our eastern expansion fueled by strong demand for blended cement under 
Concreto and Duraguard will further enhance our leadership position in the region. Looking 
ahead we will continue to drive premiumization at area where we have consistently expanded 
our base and set new benchmarks while maintaining our focus on geographical optimization and 
cost discipline to enhance profitability and create sustained shareholder value. Thank you for 
being with us today. Thank you. 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
