 
  
 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
Registered office – 6th Floor, Plot No 15, Institutional Area, Sector 44, Gurgaon, Haryana-122002 
CIN: L65922HR1998PLC042782, Phone No +91-124-4131800 
E-mail: customer.care@indiashelter.in, Website: www.indiashelter.in 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 544044 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: INDIASHLTR 
ISIN: INE922K01024 
        : INE922K07104 
        : INE922K07112 
ISIN: INE922K01024 
 
Subject: Transcripts of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we would like to inform you that the transcripts of the earnings conference call for the quarter 
ended December 31, 2025, held on February 09, 2026, is available on the website of the Company.  
 
The transcripts can be accessed from the link given below:  
 
https://www.indiashelter.in/investor-relations   
 
Further, we confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed in the 
meeting. 
 
Request you to take the above information on records. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
 
For India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
 
Mukti Chaplot 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
M. No.: 38326 
MUKTI 
CHAPLOT
Digitally signed 
by MUKTI 
CHAPLOT 
Date: 2026.02.12 
17:23:46 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited Q3FY26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RUPINDER SINGH – MD & CEO  
MR. ASHISH GUPTA – CFO  
MR. RAHUL RAJAGOPALAN – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
This is a transcription of the earnings call conducted on 9th February 2026. The audio recording can be accessed using the 
following link, https://www.indiashelter.in/investor-relations 
DISCLAIMER: 
Transcript may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, etc. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recording will prevail. 
 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Operator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to India Shelter Q3FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call, hosted by ICICI Securities Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference call is recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Yes. Thank you, Subham. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to India Shelter Q3FY26 
Earnings Call. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to thank India Shelter Management 
Team for giving us the opportunity to host this call.  
 
Today, we have with us the entire top Management Team of India Shelter represented by Mr. 
Rupinder Singh – MD and CEO; Mr. Ashish Gupta – CFO; and Mr. Rahul Rajagopalan – Head, 
Investor Relations. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Rupinder for his opening remarks, and then we will open 
the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Rupinder Singh: 
Thank you, Renish. Thank you, everyone. Good morning. On behalf of the company, I extend a 
warm welcome to all of you. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I am pleased to share 
our Quarter 3 and Nine Months Financial Year ‘26 performance update, along with a brief 
overview of industry developments. 
 
During the quarter, the RBI announced a further 25 bps reduction in the repo rate, bringing it 
down to 5.25% with immediate effect. This takes the cumulative rate cuts in 2025 itself to 125 
bps, making one of the most significant easing cycle in the recent years. We view this move as 
clearly supportive of the financial service sector as we approach year-end. 
 
The latest rate cuts builds on an early reduction and improves housing affordability, particularly 
in affordable and mid-income segments. Lower EMIs are expected to bring back hesitant buyers 
and helping sustain demand momentum. Lower financing costs, sustained buyer confidence, and 
steady microeconomic conditions together place the housing market in a good position as we 
head into 2026, particularly. 
 
Moving now to the performance of the company: 
Annual growth remains in the guided range with the gross managed assets growing at 31% to 
Rs. 10,365 crores. In Quarter 3 Financial Year ‘26, we disbursed Rs. 977 crores, registering a 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
growth of 11% year-on-year. Assets and disbursement growth have been at a softer end as we 
continue to monitor the situation on the ground with respect to improvement in asset quality 
trends. Affordable housing market continues to remain robust as visible from early indicators 
like log-in rates, log-in continues to grow month-on-month.  
In this quarter, we added two new branches, we will add another four to five branches in Quarter 
4, in line with our branch expansion strategy of 40 to 45 branches each year. 
 
Further, we have introduced digital sourcing as one of the additional channels. This will help us 
advance in our digital journey. Currently, around 4% to 5% of disbursements are coming from 
this digital channel. And going forward, our plan is to reach to 10% of disbursement.  
 
On asset quality metrics, gross Stage-3 and net Stage-3 came in at 1.5% and 1.2% as of 31st 
December, 2025.  
On profitability metrics, profit after tax for the quarter came in at Rs. 128 crores, registering a 
growth of 33% year-on-year and 5% quarter-on-quarter. Return on Equity stood at 17.1%. Net 
worth now stands at Rs. 3,048 crores, crossing the Rs. 3,000 crores mark. 
 
The PMAY 2.0 scheme saw further traction. As on December 25, more than 2,000 customers 
have already received the subsidy, and the journey looks more effective now. The scheme is 
expected to pick up traction with an increase in customer awareness and streamlining of the 
process. 
 
On that, let me reiterate the guidance that we provided earlier:  
• 
Branch opening 40 to 45 for the year, of which we had already opened 35 
• 
Maintaining spreads of more than 6% in the medium-term 
• 
Credit cost for the year to be around 40 to 50 bps 
• 
Loan growth, which we have projected at 30%, 35%, our intent is to close this year 
around 30%, though it was a muted year if we see the particular last two quarter of 
results 
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Ashish ji – our CFO, to take you through the financial 
metrics. Over to you, Ashish. 
Ashish Gupta: 
Thanks, Rupinder ji. Good morning, friends. Let me take you through key financial numbers. 
 
We have ended Q3 with gross managed assets of Rs. 10,365 crores. Year-on-year growth is 31%, 
quarter-on-quarter growth is 7%. Our portfolio yield is 14.9%, which is stable year-on-year 
basis. Our disbursement yield in Q3 was 14.6%. 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
On funding side, we have diversified borrowing with more than 30 counterparties. Average 
borrowing tenure is about eight years. Our bucket cost of fund is down by 20 basis points in Q3 
to 8.3%. It is down by 50 basis points year-on-year basis. Our marginal cost of fund in Q3 is 
8.1%, down by 70 bps year-on-year basis. We had undrawn sanction of Rs. 550 crores from 
NHB at the end of Q3. We have drawn two-third of the same in Q4, and we will draw the balance 
amount in Q1 next financial year. Cost of funds from NHB is lower by about 60 basis points as 
compared to the bank funding.  Our lending margins at portfolio level and disbursement level 
are consistently above 6%, in line with our guidance for medium-term. Net interest income for 
quarter is up by 31% year-on-year on the back of strong growth in our managed assets and 
improvement in spreads. 
 
Coming to Opex, our year-on-year growth in YTD OPEX, excluding onetime impact of labor 
code is 26%, which is lower than the growth in our managed assets. Same is resulting in better 
cost ratios. OPEX to managed assets without impact of labor code for the quarter is at 4%, down 
by 20 bps year-on-year. 
 
On asset quality side, our Stage-3 is at 1.5%. Our credit cost for nine months is at 0.5%, in line 
with our guidance for medium-term. PCR for Stage-3 is stable at 25%. Our total ECL is Rs. 79 
crores against the regulatory threshold of Rs. 48 crores.  
Our BT-out rate is down by 4.3%. Our focused data-driven approach for customer retention is 
helping us to maintain BT-out even in declining interest rate scenario. 
 
PAT for the quarter without impact of labor code is at Rs. 128 crores, year-on-year up by 33%. 
ROA for the quarter is at 5.8%, up by 30 bps year-on-year basis. ROE for the quarter is at 17.1%, 
up by 200 basis points year-on-year. 
 
On liquidity side, we are comfortably placed with liquidity of Rs. 486 crores and undrawn 
sanction of Rs. 1,300 crores plus. Our ALM is positive across all the buckets. 
 
With this, I conclude, and we can open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Varun Palacharla from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Varun Palacharla: 
Hi, sir. I had a question regarding the asset quality metric. So, there's a sharp rise in gross Stage-
3 loans this quarter, is there any pocket of stress that we are seeing, especially because our 
growth is slow in MP and Karnataka? Are those portfolios showing any stress? 
 
Second, last quarter you had highlighted that 85% of the NPAs get resolved through an 
agreement with the borrower instead of going for an auction, which leads to lower losses. Are 
we waiting for the resolution process and that's why the gross Stage-3 has increased? Or has 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
there been any change? And with regard to LAP versus home loan, is there any sharp difference 
in how the delinquencies are playing out over there? This is my question. 
Rupinder Singh: 
Okay. Fine. I will start from the last question that you asked. Between HL and LAP, there is no 
sharp difference. If you see our numbers, the NPA numbers for both LAP and HL remains within 
the same range. In fact, there is a hardly a gap of 1 or 2 bps between the two. When we talk 
about the geography per se, I feel we have seen certain trends which were happening in the last 
couple of quarters. We were trying to hold it in various buckets. But at a certain juncture we 
realized that when the customer is not able to pay more than one EMI and creating a trouble at 
the last bucket of 60 or 90, either you get it rolled back or take a relief by ensuring that you can 
go for the next step of legal action against that piece if it is not getting resolved. Unless and until 
we move to the next bucket, the legal action doesn't come into force for us to enforce 
SARFAESI. So, this was not initial thought to implement but seeing that the bucket is bulging 
at that time and customer has not paid that, I think then there is some harsh call which has been 
taken to let it go to the next bucket. So, that pressure starts coming up. 
 
If we see data, November was the month when it has peaked out. November was at a certain 
level, which has slightly come down in December. So, I think now going forward we will see 
the traction will come up after the action which we start taking November onwards on the set of 
accounts particularly. So, it will take a couple of months to come on a table and settle it down, 
and very few will continue to remain there till the time we possess the property. So, this has been 
more like a thought where we have to not continue with that piece, which is getting stuck at 
certain level and giving a more trouble in collecting and ensuring that becomes stabilized. So, 
we felt that it is the right time to take it up because if it swells in Quarter 4 then it becomes more 
difficult. In fact, if we not have taken this approach then the stage 3 would have gone up by 
maybe 10 to 15 bps. But with this action, it has gone by 25 to 30 bps. So, this was a thought on 
that basis, which we have taken action. 
 
Going forward, we feel the Quarter 4 should definitely give a better result as we see we are 
almost 40 days in this quarter and as we are seeing the result particularly. So, I hope and I am 
sure that the effort the teams are putting as such will be able to get to the result that is expected 
by market as well as the organization’s management.  
 
If you talk about states, there are inch up in most of the geographies. I would not say that it's a 
one geography which has burnt out, which was the case, say, two years back in MP. In fact, MP 
NPA ratio is little improved by 5 to 7 bps compared to what it was, say, three quarters back or 
four quarters back. In every geography, there are at least three or four branches, which are a little 
troublesome. There we are putting our control; our impetus is to control the flow and to make 
sure that there the things are getting normalized. So, this is the overall scenario on the ground. 
And we are looking forward to see credit cost in the range of 40 to 50 bps and stage 3 at 1.2% 
to 1.3% as we close the March quarter.  

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Varun Palacharla: 
Yes, you answered the question. And the NII growth, our interest income growth has been a bit 
lower than our overall AUM growth in that sense. Is this just that ending balance or ending the 
business was pushed a lot to end of the quarter? Or has there been any lower yields or shift in 
mix that has impacted overall yields? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, basically, when situation is set on ground, we have to monitor and we need to put a lot of 
controls around that piece. So there's a dip of this 2% to 3%, which has come up in terms of 
AUM growth, what normally used to have a this around 32%, 33%, it is hovering around 30%. 
So, that is the impact altogether. But as we see, after GST implementation, Diwali is also gone, 
as we see the December numbers picking up compared to the previous month number, I feel this 
is going to keep building momentum now. I would say, now there are certain green shoots which 
are giving some kind of confidence that going forward you will find the traction around that 
side. And this is the reason though with a muted two quarters that happened in the last couple of 
quarters, we feel that we should be able to come back in Quarter 4 itself instead of waiting 
further. 
Varun Palacharla: 
Look, AUM growth quarter-on-quarter if I look at it, is about 6%, but your interest income 
growth is only 4%. So, it appears in terms of calculated yields, there's a decline. So, has there 
been any reduction in yields that we have taken in terms of PLR cuts? Or are the incremental 
rates that we are offering a bit lower than what we were doing earlier? Is there any impact of 
that? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, we try to maintain the spread which is more than 6%, and we maintain the spread of 6.6%. 
Our cost of fund has also come decently low. And this is something which we always keep 
mentioning that as the cost of fund comes down, for the new set of customers, we definitely pass 
on certain bps around that side. So, see the cost of fund has come down from 8.8% to 8.3% and 
when we talk about disbursement yield for the quarter, it is 14.6% so incrementally too we are 
at a spread of above 6% which we continue to maintain.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sonal Gandhi from Asian Markets 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, if you could just give us some sense on how is the 1+DPD 
trending currently? And if you could, you have also mentioned that things kind of peaked out in 
November and December and which was doing better then. So, if you could just let us know 
what is the current collection efficiency, since you already had a chance? 
Rupinder Singh: 
1+ DPD remains the same, that is around 8.7 to 8.8% and there is no difference in 1+ DPD. Our 
challenge is always there, this kind of customer when they move into the higher bucket, bringing 
them back is actually takes a lot of time. And unless and until we initiate legal action it becomes 
a little difficult and starts getting delayed. So, if you talk about collection efficiency, that's also 
range bound, at around same level in last three to four quarters. In fact, if you talk about 
collection efficiency in fresh bucket, that is even better than the previous month because in the 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
higher bucket where the customer is regularly defaulting, there the things are a little difficult, 
because of which we have taken action. Otherwise in the fresh bucket, the collection efficiency 
is better.  
Sonal Gandhi: 
And sir, any trend that you could give between salaried and self-employed or just across the 
customer cohort? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, our maximum customer is self-employed. More than 80% customer is self-employed. So, 
the trend remains same for us. So, no much difference between the two. That's for the reason 
when someone asked me that how the GNPA behavior between HL and LAP, so there the 
behavior remains same for us, not much of a difference, because people distinguish that HL is 
being taken by salaried employed and LAP is taken by self-employed. In our case, we did not 
find much of the difference around that side. In fact, there is a dot-to-dot comparison between 
LAP and HL when you talk about NPAs of these two categories. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
And sir, just wanted to understand if you could just give us some disbursement trend in January? 
And how do we see Q4 and FY '27 panning out in terms of disbursements? 
Rupinder Singh: 
I mentioned that in November we peaked out in terms of delinquency. And obviously, when 
there is a green shoot, that also gives trends after GST and things getting improved. December 
was much better than October, November, and September, in fact. And as we move into new 
quarter, January, though it's first month of the quarter, January is better than December. This is 
the indication which I can give it, right? So, between October, November, December, if we see 
in October, November we were around Rs. 300 crores to Rs. 310 crores of disbursement, whereas 
in December we were around Rs. 355 crores to Rs. 360 crores of disbursement. That was the 
thing which has come up. And January is better than that basically. So, as we go into the next 
financial year, I do not think that there should be any challenge, because if things are settling 
down and we have also put our course correction that way so it will give a good relief in the next 
financial year. And we will remain in the same range bound of 30% to 31% for the next financial 
year. That is our plan, that is our thought, which we will keep working on.  
Sonal Gandhi: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from PhillipCapital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Good morning, Rupinder. So, I am not sure if this question has been asked before, just wanted 
to understand what is our guidance for disbursement as well as AUM growth for '27? And how 
do we split it between LAP and home loans? Also, have we done any exercise to understand 
what is the overlap of microfinance customers with our customers across LAP and home loans? 
Thanks. 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, well, HL to LAP ratio, which we always plan to do 60-40%, that is going to remain the same 
way. And the factor between them, in our case, the behavior of both side of customers, there is 
no much difference between the two. And I do not know, Shubhranshu, you were there or not, 
this is the question being asked by one of the analysts, and I mentioned that the NPA number in 
our case remains same between the both of these categories. So, for us, there's no differential. In 
fact, LAP is always better in terms of giving a better yield on that side. So, we are not going to 
change some trends on that piece. We continue to remain there, focused. That is one piece. 
 
And if we talk about microfinance piece, earlier it used to be around 5%, it is slowly coming 
down because we have also taken some proactive actions around that piece. So, you still assume 
that it is around 4% to 5% of microfinance piece, which is a part of our overall book, which may 
be LAP and HL both in that case particularly. So, going forward, if you talk about our guidance 
on the loan growth for next financial year particularly, we are targeting ourselves for 30% growth 
around on the AUM side. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Right. 30% on the AUM, and disbursement how much? 
Rupinder Singh: 
Look, disbursement can move here and there, because you have to keep in mind the trends, how 
it's impacting the market, what is the situation. There's seasonal factors also. But yes, we will 
reach there is what is more important. Our major prerogative is by 2030 to reach a Rs. 30,000 
crores of AUM. So, that thing is very well in line. And we do not see that we have to deviate 
from that in the current set of scenario. That is a very clear thought. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Understood. And if I can just ask one last question. What is the FOIR that we maintain in our 
HL and LAP at origination? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, FOIR, both products for us also remains same because it's a self-employed customers. We 
do not differentiate that way. So, 50% to 55% of FOIR is there in both of the categories. What 
is the differential between the two is the LTVs. On the LTV side, home loan is around 55% to 
57% and LAP is around 47% to 48%. That is the point of differential between us. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Understood. Thank you so much. This was really helpful. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Adityapal from MSA Capital Partners. 
Please go ahead. 
Adityapal Singh Jaggi: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. Good set of numbers. A lot of my questions have already 
been answered. But just wanted some nuances on the collection efficiency in the DPD book. So, 
now we have seen a 30 basis points increase in NPA and we have also seen a 30 basis points 
increase in our 30+ DPD. You have already answered that there's no geographical or product 
nuances. But if I were to look at from a month on-board nuances, which are those vintages that 
are not behaving well for us? 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Rupinder Singh: 
If we see on the fresh side, our collection efficiency is, in fact, improving, we see the Quarter 1 
to Quarter 3 or Quarter 2 to Quarter 3. In the fresh side, there's a slight improvement. This is a 
point which is giving us confidence to convey a message that now things look a little more 
improved. We try to curtail this piece and that's why Quarter 1, Quarter 2 remain muted at 1.2%. 
But we realized that since this 30+ is moving on and that is creating a good pressure on entire 
system, so it's a point that you take a certain call, either to allow it to move or bring it back.  
Bringing it back was finding it a little difficult, because customer is very clear that one EMI you 
can take, but not beyond that piece. That was always finding a challenge. And at one point of 
time, we did not have a choice but to raise the bar to let it move out of the first funnel and let act 
around that side. So, this was the point particularly. If you see typically, efficiency, which 
remains to be 98%, 99%, there is no major change around that piece. 
Adityapal Singh Jaggi: 
No, no. Sir, my question is more to do, I understand that what is the situation now. It is a macro 
situation, that also I understand. And you all will come outside of it, that also I understand. But 
I am just trying to understand, is there a particular book that we would have raised maybe, say, 
18, 24 months back that particular cohort of customers are not behaving well. That is what I am 
trying to understand. 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, more than a cohort, we have realized that the ticket size where the impact is more than the 
cohort. So, lower ticket size is definitely a more impact than the average ticket size of which is 
Rs. 10 lakh, Rs. 15 lakh basically. So, we see the buckets of 1 to 5, 5 to 10, 10 to 15, and 15 and 
above. Obviously, our range is anywhere majorly around INR 10 lakhs, so up to INR 5 lakh has 
definitely a little more problem in terms of increasing delinquency particularly. If you talk about 
cohort on the basis of MOBs, then there is no much difference around that piece. Definitely, the 
first 12 months the cohort looks very, very different and it looks very positive picture. But the 
cohort between 18 to 24 or 24 to 30, there's not much difference between the two. 
Adityapal Singh Jaggi: 
Understood. So, there's no particular behavioral differences that should be called out between 
the cohorts. 
Rupinder Singh: 
That is ticket size what I mentioned basically. There you find definitely a difference between the 
two. 
Adityapal Singh Jaggi: 
Understood. And also now that we know that there is a structural issue going on in the sub Rs. 
5 lakhs. So, I would even say sub Rs. 10 lakhs. Do we see our average ticket size moving 
upwards from Rs. 10 lakhs going towards, say, maybe Rs. 12 lakhs, Rs. 12 lakhs to Rs. 13 lakhs 
in next two to three years? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, we will focus on improving the quality. Basically, when you have a certain set of customer 
in that particular cohort, you also go check how we can improve there basically. So, in this 
category of cohort we will improve the scorecard a little higher, Business Rule Engine will work 
in that effectiveness. It is not that we are going to leave this customer. This is a customer which 
gives a very good yield also. This customer bring almost 200 bps of advantage compared to the 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
rest of the customers. So, instead of leaving that cohort entirely or something like that, we will 
be a little more choosy and keeping sure that we maintain the scorecard more or less the best of 
prudency is on that side. So, that will be the action that we have taken, which we already started 
a couple of months back. 
Adityapal Singh Jaggi: 
Understood. Just one last question before I come back in the queue. Sir, you mentioned that you 
are seeing a good turnaround in Jan and December exit, and you are calling November to be the 
asset quality peak in terms of the worsening impact. But I am just trying to understand that what 
gives us the comfort that we are seeing the turn? Is it a momentary turn? Or is it a structural turn 
on the ground? Because a lot of people had called that the credit cycle has turned a couple of 
quarters back. But it's evidently so it is not the case. There are a lot of asset quality issues panning 
out in other companies' balance sheet. So, just trying to understand that what gives us that this 
is a structural turn and this is here to stay now. 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, if you see, there is always a matter of timing for whatever how you control it. We were 
always very hard and sure that we have to make sure that these are remain controlled and the 
intensity of collections follow-up that remains strong across. We did not wait for that even two 
quarters back. But we realized that which is bulging out, there is no point of holding it and 
ensuring a cunning pressure on us. That's why release it. That is one piece.  
Secondly, what gives you confidence, even in fresh efficiency, we had a certain improvement 
which is coming. That gives us a confidence.  
Plus, when we do the analysis of a log-in particularly, the percentage of logins which were 
coming earlier at a bad score is not coming down. 
 
Now it is log-ins which are coming at a little improved and better scores. And if your log-in is 
improving to that extent, automatically, the output is also going to improve accordingly. So, 
these are the two, three parameters, which give you some dip check around before thinking about 
it. And anyway, we have not changed the BRE rule in fact for the month of December or 
something, that remains same. So, for us, it is a situation where, say, earlier if you are logging a 
100 files and out of 100, 50 were coming back and getting rejected. Today that 50 is coming 
down automatically by virtue of selection to the level of 40, 45 and that's the improvement which 
is coming up according. 
Adityapal Singh Jaggi: 
Understood. Makes sense. Wishing you and the team all the very best. Thank you sir for 
answering all my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Hi, sir. Sir, a few questions. Firstly, on the overall now PD assumption, you mentioned that there 
have been challenges in terms of pulling back from maybe the higher bucket. So, would that 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
eventually lead to some kind of a change in PD assumption and a slightly higher Stage 2 
provisioning compared to where we are currently at 3.4-odd-percent? Would that happen with 
this kind of a challenge which is coming up? 
Ashish Gupta: 
So, the overall ECL front, if you look at the PD calculations, one factor is obviously a historical 
trend. And another factor is macroeconomic overlays that we apply to that. So, if you look at the 
macroeconomic overlay that we apply to our PD is the interest rate. So, our PD has an inverse 
co-relationship with the overall interest rate environment. If the interest rate goes down, PD 
slightly goes up and that we have seen historically during demonetization, during COVID, GST 
cycles, and all of that. So, as the interest rate cycle is coming down, our ECL model is showing 
slightly higher PD, which is getting factored in our overall ECL provisions that we are making. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. But incrementally, this trend, which was reflected in terms of GS3, that wouldn't change 
much in terms of our PD assumption? 
Ashish Gupta: 
So, if you look at the overall LGD model, so our actual LGDs are close to 11%, 12%, while the 
management overlay is close to 25%. So, Stage-3 will not be reflecting the actual LGD, which 
is there on the ground. It is because it is with the management overlay that is there. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And secondly, with respect to employees, so almost 400-odd employees addition 
during the quarter. So, is it more of upfronting or we have strengthened the collection 
infrastructure? What is happening? Is it more on the collection side, we have added more people? 
Rupinder Singh: 
Yes, these people largely start coming from Quarter 2 onwards. And as time progress, we also 
realize that that's an important thing that we have to be always preemptive on these kind of 
actions. So, most of the people joined majorly into the collection side. Yes, there were certain 
other departments where the people joined. For them, it's like as per the plan that we planned for 
the year particularly. But additional resource on the higher side, which we realize that it's more 
on a collection in the field particularly. 
Kunal Shah: 
So, almost like 200, 250 people got added on to collections? 
Rupinder Singh: 
Approximately 200 collection staff, yes. 
Kunal Shah: 
200-plus. Okay. Got it. And lastly, maybe on the previous question, whether you have actually 
changed or tweaked the lending rates? I understand in terms of your guidance on spread of 6% 
plus, but any revision to lending rates either on home loan and LAP for existing or for 
incremental loans that you have done? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, point is we keep mentioning that if we are getting a benefit of rate, we will give certain rate 
benefits to the customer. So, our lending rate is coming down, which has done, thanks to what 
happened in the last one year in terms of rate cut. So, we have passed for acquisition of new set 
of customers. Again, between the two home loan and LAP, home loan definitely get a little more 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
advantage around that side particularly. So, that is where we are going to pass on. And that is 
the reason which we used to disburse at 14.8%, 14.9% earlier, that has come down to 14.6% in 
average. 
Ashish Gupta: 
And like even if you see that our cost of funds, which is the marginal cost of fund is at 8.1%. So, 
incrementally, we are onboarding about 6.5% spread on the fresh disbursement. So, we are not 
divesting on the spread.  
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. No, no, that I understand in terms of we are not compromising on spreads. But just wanted 
to check, so we would have revised the lending rates by 25, 30 basis points till date. And any 
further rate cuts, maybe obviously, if you get the further advantage on the funding cost side, you 
might further tweak it. But on existing, there is no change. Only on incremental, we have done 
by 25, 30. 
Rupinder Singh: 
We have a fixed rate of book, and to that extent we are not required to cut rates in that case 
particularly. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. Okay, got it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mayank Mistry from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Mayank Mistry: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, sir, my question is mostly on a long-term view. Now today, if 
you look at our peers who are having a size of around more than Rs. 13,000 crores, their growth 
has slowed down to 25% around. So, should we consider the same in your case? Or should we 
see it as like a more scalable and sustainable model of 30% AUM growth? That's one. And 
secondly, what are the planning on the geographical expansion side? We are present right now 
in 15 states. So, any expansion plans there? And just last question on the OPEX side. So, our 
OPEX to AUM is ringing around 4.2% today. What are the efforts we are taking to improve 
this? 
Ashish Gupta: 
So, on the OPEX side, as you have seen that gradually, so like every year, we are adding about 
40 to 45-odd branches. And the proportion of new branches that are coming is gradually like 
reducing. So, that will help us bringing down the overall OPEX ratio. And secondly, as we have 
mentioned in the very initial commentary that we are focusing on the digital sourcing of leads 
now. So, as of now, about 4% to 5% of our leads are coming by way of digital means. And we 
are looking forward to increase this proportion to about 10%, 12% from here. So, this will further 
help us to bring down the overall OPEX. So, we feel that in terms of overall OPEX to AUM 
ratio, we will continue with our guidance of 15 to 20 basis point reduction year-on-year basis 
from here as well. 
Rupinder Singh: 
And anyway adding to 40 to 45 branches remain same. That will be the plan. Last year, in one 
of the Investor Day presentation, we mentioned to investor body that our plan is to take it to 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
AUM at Rs. 30,000 crores by 2030. That again remains same. There will be no change around 
that side. And on the OPEX side, yes, 15, 20 bps, as Ashish ji mentioned, that is the progress in 
going forward. And we are taking the necessary steps that keep improving later on. 
Ashish Gupta: 
In terms of state-wise geographical spread, we are already there in 15 states, which contribute 
about more than 90% of the total housing finance market. So, at this point of time, in the 
medium-term, we are not looking to add any further states. 
Mayank Mistry: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bunty Chawla from ASK. Please go ahead. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity. Just one clarification. You said gross NPA should 
decline in Q4 to 1.4% versus 1.5%. Is it right? 
Rupinder Singh: 
I think we are more optimistic, Bunty.  
Bunty Chawla: 
Okay. So, on that basis, what should be the credit cost? Because as we have seen the credit cost 
has inched up in Q3 versus Q2. So, how one should see the Q4 credit cost? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, that will be, again, as per our guidance, it is going to remain around 50 bps, 40 to 50 bps 
somewhere between for the year. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Okay. So, that remains same for FY'27 as well? 
Rupinder Singh: 
Yes, that's the focus.  
Bunty Chawla: 
Right. So, secondly, on the disbursement, as you have slightly given the throughput by 
improvement in December and January. But if I see, if we are still sticking to 30% AUM growth, 
so it seems to be a tall task in Q4 disbursement of 30% plus kind of a growth on a Y-o-Y basis. 
So, are you still confident that we will be able to achieve seeing the run rate in December as well 
as in the January? 
Rupinder Singh: 
Quarter 2, Quarter 3 largely was muted. In Quarter 3, only the traction starts coming in month 
of December. January is again better; I am giving you some indication that has improved further 
basically. That is giving a confidence that this should now coming to the situation that is as per 
the expectation. So, we are expecting between 29% to 31%. It should not be beyond that at least, 
because we just completed the month of January. But that looks more clearer now as we are 
progressing basically. So, one percentage here and there is ok. I am not in a position because we 
just completed January. But as we see the logins trend coming in first few days of February, that 
is also giving a good positive indication. 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Bunty Chawla: 
Okay. That was very helpful, sir. Just a data point comparison, what we were seeing 30 DPD 
plus, it seems to be Stage 2 plus Stage-3 coming towards 30+ DPD. But if I see the increment or 
I add both the two, it's coming to 5.2% versus you have reported 5%. Is calculation something I 
am missing in this part? 
Ashish Gupta: 
So, like during the COVID period, so we have restructured about 1% of the total portfolio at that 
point of time. And as per the RBI guidance and the ECL methodology, we have classified the 
entire portfolio into Stage 2 category. Though the DPD may be like 0 DPD, 1 DPD. So, that's 
why that portfolio is still running on the balance sheet. And overall, exposure to that restructured 
assets is about 0.15% of the total AUM. So, if you add the 30+ as well as this 0.15%, you will 
get a similar number. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Okay. That is the calculation. I understood that part. Lastly from my side, provision coverage 
ratio, which has slightly increased from 24.6% to 25%, on a sustainable run rate for FY '27, what 
should be the provision coverage ratio we should assume for Stage-3? 
Ashish Gupta: 
So, Stage-3 provision, our provision coverage ratio is like pretty much consistent in the last two 
to three years that we have seen. That's our historical trend, and it will continue in a similar 
direction of about 24%, 25%. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Okay. That was very helpful. Thank you and best of luck, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Meghna Luthra from InCred Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Meghna Luthra: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand how has our login to sanction ratio and the sanction to 
disbursement ratio moved from November and, say, in January or February since we are seeing 
an improvement? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, earlier, the log-in to sanction ratio fall drastically down because BRE was curtailing most of 
this customer, whichever have a bad bureau score. But I think with time, two things has 
happened. One, behavior of customer improving as economy improves, things are looking a little 
better on that side. That gives some kind of traction. So, you can see slight improvement around 
that side. So, which was falling month-on-month has now start going up in month of December 
and slight improvement has come in month of January. So, that is what we can see that piece. 
So, login to sanction ratio, which fell down to the level of, say, 45% is coming back to around 
50%. 
Meghna Luthra: 
Okay. And the sanction to disbursement ratio, sir, how would that be? 
Rupinder Singh: 
Sanction to disbursement ratio for us is around 70%. So, that keeps moving 70% to 71% because 
main challenge is always getting a right sanction basically, right? And sanction at the time of 
disbursement, most of the customer, sometimes they could not finalize the property or sometimes 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
they change their plan of getting a loan or something, that keeps happening around. But that is 
70% to 71% which is more or less consistent.  
Meghna Luthra: 
Understood. And sir, you mentioned that we will be increasing our digital sourcing. Sir, can we 
highlight how are we working around that? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, we have set up an in-house digital team at the Head Office with the senior leader on that 
side, who is expert into getting leads by social media impact and various alternates, which can 
give a quality leads. So, we started this activity few quarters back. But what we are realizing 
now, it starts picking up, because some initial days, it was more on setting up the entire system 
process around that side. And now these are set of leads, which are starting to build up and the 
conversions are also improving. So last quarter, it has contributed to around 4% to 5% and what 
we feel the way the pipeline is getting built up, I think in a couple of quarters, we should be 
touching around 9% to 10%. So, this will give more boost in terms of improvement in 
productivity of employees on the field. So, we have a team of around 40, 50 people who are 
totally dedicated across the country. And this is purely in-house sourcing. 
Meghna Luthra: 
Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And lastly, sir, a little on the macro front. What would be our PMAY 
contribution? And how is it that we are moving on the PMAY side? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, PMAY schemes got implemented last year in October. Initial period was majorly for the 
system improvement by both sides, by MoHUA and company side. But it starts picking 
somewhere at the end of Quarter 1. And if you see the last 2 quarters, Quarter 2, Quarter 3, it 
has actually picked up well. And in both of the quarters, we have disbursed more than 500 to 
600 customers each in a quarter. And today, we have more than 2,000 customers where we have 
funded and they have received the PMAY subsidy and this pipeline is building up. The message 
is going on the ground. There is further scope around this, which I think MoHUA is well 
committed. And I think shortly, they should be able to solve those problems in terms of 
technicalities. And I think it should give some better traction as we move into the new financial 
year. 
Meghna Luthra: 
Got it. Those were my questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Lalitabh Shrivastawa from ISEC PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Lalitabh Shrivastawa: 
Thanks for giving me the opportunity. Just wanted to understand, sir, in the current scenario 
where it seems that the rate cut cycle might have bottomed out. What is your outlook on the cost 
of funds and the margins going forward? And it seems that our overall GS3 has slightly 
beginning inching up. What is our assessment of the situation? And what is your outlook on the 
normalization on the asset quality? Those are my questions. 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Ashish Gupta: 
So, like on the overall cost of fund side, say, if you see our bucket cost of fund is at about 8.3%, 
while our margin cost of fund is 8.1%. So, though we have seen about 50 basis point reduction 
in the last 12-month period, but still our cost of fund is slightly higher than our peer. And this is 
purely a function of the scale as well as credit rating that we have currently. So, we feel that 
basis our FY26 financial results, we will be approaching to the rating agencies like for a rating 
upgrade. And we feel that if we get a rating upgrade, there will be a scope of further reduction 
in the cost of fund from here by about 20 basis points. So, we are looking forward to that. 
Hopefully, the overall financial performance is justifying a rating upgrade. We look forward to 
the favor of rating agencies as well. 
Lalitabh Shrivastawa: 
So, just to understand it better, sir, assuming that there is still some time for us to get that rating 
upgrade. What is the outlook that you have on the margins for, say, FY '27? 
Ashish Gupta: 
So, if you see that, so like our marginal cost of fund is at about 8.1% and bucket cost is 8.3%. 
So, even if we go on that particular pace, there is a scope of improvement in cost of fund by 
about 10 to 15 basis points in next three to six months kind of period. So, as you have seen that 
we are already on the fresh disbursement, we are onboarding a spread of about 6.5%. We feel 
that we will continue to do the same over this current interest rate cycle. 
Lalitabh Shrivastawa: 
Yes. Okay, sir. And maybe on the asset quality and the growth outlook, sir. 
Ashish Gupta: 
So, on the Stage-3 asset, as we have said that like Stage-3 have largely peaked out in the month 
of November. And December and January, we have seen some positive improvement in that. 
We feel that by end of Q4, we should be again bringing it back, may not be like to the normal 
level of 1%, but so like close to 1.4% to 1.3%. 
Lalitabh Shrivastawa: 
And what is our assessment of how things should pan out in FY '27 in terms of asset quality? 
What are the normalized levels that we are looking for '27? 
Rupinder Singh: 
We normally take a target of around 1.2%, 1.25%. That is the target we normally take. So, I 
think that is not going to change for the next Financial Year ‘27 also for us. 
Lalitabh Shrivastawa: 
Okay, sir. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aman Soni from Nvest Analytics 
Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Aman Soni: 
Sir, we have observed that the company's GNPA has increased from 1.2% to 1.5% and NNPA 
has risen from 0.9% to 1.2% during the same period. Could you please explain the primary 
reasons behind the increase at the group level? Are customers facing any specific prepayment 
challenges or stress that is leading to higher delinquencies? 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, I think you have seen the trends which were in market and typically last one year. There's a 
challenging market. And typically for the segment of customer, we deal into, there is always 
some heat around that side, which we also find out that the customer even moving to next bucket, 
which is taking a lot of time to come back to the normative position.  
Because of this scenario, giving two EMIs or more than two EMIs was a little challenging around 
that piece. So, that is a typical challenge. Though on the fresh side, the collection efficiency 
remains intact, particularly. But the way the behavior was, say, one year or two years back where 
the customers move to the next bucket, can easily come back to the bucket 1 with a little effort 
around that piece. That is not a scenario as of now. It's a tough situation, which the market was 
facing. 
 
So, that's why once it moved into this bucket. So, we have option either to bring it back or to 
take some legal course action around that side, so that we neutralize it. So, we try to tweak 
between the two. And here, instead of allowing only sitting at there and that bucket keep budging 
it, we took this decision to flow a little 20, 30 bps around that piece. And now action also starts 
happening around that piece particularly. And as we see, I think we will be able to get the results 
out what is expected from this kind of situation particularly. 
Aman Soni: 
Understood sir. Thank you. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Adityapal from MSA Capital Partners. 
Please go ahead. 
Adityapal Singh Jaggi: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. Thank you so much for taking my follow-up. Just one 
bookkeeping question, sir. If you can help me, over the last four quarters, how have the attrition 
rate trends been for us? And if you can call out certain geographies where there are anomalies 
that you are facing? 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, attrition, we normally split into two pieces. One is regrettable and one is a non-regrettable 
attrition.  
Adityapal Singh Jaggi: 
I only want the branch attrition. 
Rupinder Singh: 
So, branch attrition is around 35% for us basically, which is recorded, 35%, 34.8% that keep 
hovering quarter-to-quarter basically, this is range bound particularly. And that remains almost 
same level basically. Every quarter, we find a gap of 0.5% to 1% here and there. Some quarter, 
you will find it's coming to 34.5%, some quarter, maybe 35.5%, 36%. No drastic change around 
that piece.  
Adityapal Singh Jaggi: 
And any geographical nuance to that, that certain geographies have higher attrition, certain 
geographies have low attrition? The geographies that are having low attrition, what is the 
attribute that they have low attrition, something of this kind? 

 
India Shelter Finance Corporation Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Rupinder Singh: 
Geographies which have a more vintage, definitely, the attrition is low, because employees get 
set, very well set into the system. They understand process, technology very well, and that gives 
them boost and their productivity starts building around that piece. And that can happen in any 
of the geographies with a vintage branch particularly. Where the vintage branch is new and the 
young guys, they feel that they are not getting set into that piece, then they like to move on 
basically. And here also, as you start a new branch, there's always a focus and drive on the 
productivity to meet the parameters of the existing one. So, definitely, those parameters also try 
to put more drive and easily curve between regrettable and non-regrettable there. And 
accordingly, the non-regrettable start moving out earlier than the other one, because there the 
vintage and scope, they definitely support employees to continue with us, basically. 
Adityapal Singh Jaggi: 
Understood. And the Madhya Pradesh branch last year that our team had moved out, it has now 
come up and performing well and the asset quality issues that we were facing over there has 
been completely cleaned? 
Rupinder Singh: 
It is not completely clean. Otherwise, I think the number would have been a little more better. 
But yes, compared to last year, whereas rest of the geographies have gone up, Madhya Pradesh 
is the exception where that remains same. And even in month of December, they reduced by 
some 10 bps basically around that side. But yes, for complete cleaning, I think it will take some 
more time for which I think team is on the job. 
Adityapal Singh Jaggi: 
Perfect. Thank you and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rupinder Singh: 
Thank you, everyone, for taking your valuable time for attending our earnings call. An audio 
recording and the transcript of this call will be uploaded on our website in the due course. 
Looking forward to hosting you all in the next quarter. If you have any questions or queries or 
require any additional information, please feel free to reach us out. Thank you so much, and have 
a great day. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
