 
 
Dated: February 12, 2026 
 
To, 
 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
 
NSE Symbol – HARIOMPIPE 
 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code – 543517 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on February 09, 2026: 
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015: Transcript of the Conference call with investors. 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
Conference Call with the Investors/Analysts held on February 09, 2026, on the financial and 
operational performance of the Company on the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2025. 
 
This 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.hariompipes.com/presentations-made-to-analysts-or-institutional-investors.  
 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Rekha Singh 
Company Secretary  
M.No. A33986 
 
 
Encl: As above 
REKHA 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by REKHA SINGH 
Date: 2026.02.12 
16:37:31 +05'30'

 
 
 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
 
Q3 & 9M FY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Rupesh Kumar Gupta - Managing Director 
 
Mr. Ansh Golas – Whole-time Director 
 
Mr. Amitabha Bhattacharya - Chief Financial Officer 
 
Ms. Rekha Singh - Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q3 and Nine Months FY26 
Post Earnings Conference Call of Hariom Pipe Industries Limited.  
 
Today on the call, from the management team we have with us, Mr. 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta, Managing Director; Mr. Ansh Golas, Whole-
Time Director, Mr. Amitabha Bhattacharya, Chief Financial Officer 
and Ms. Rekha Singh, Company Secretary.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform you that this call may contain 
forward-looking statements which may involve risk and uncertainties. 
Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business 
and performance highlights for the period ended December 2025, the 
growth perspectives and vision for the coming year, post which we 
will open the floor for Q&A. Over to the management team. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Good afternoon, everyone. This is Rupesh Kumar Gupta from Hariom 
Pipe Industries Limited. Thank you for joining us today to discuss the 
performance of Hariom Pipe Industries Limited for the third quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2025. 
 
During the period, the company continued to demonstrate steady 
execution and operational consistency despite fluctuations in steel 
prices and a dynamic market environment. Our continued focus on 
value-added products, disciplined working capital management and 
stable plant operations helped us maintain consistent margins and 
profitability.  
 
For the nine months ended December '25, the company recorded sales 
volume of approximately 2.07 lakh tons, reflecting a 21% year-on-
year growth. Revenue from operations stood at INR1,159.7 crores, 
also growing 21% year-on-year. EBITDA came in at INR145.5 crores, 
with EBITDA margin at 12.55%. EBITDA per ton remained healthy 
at around INR7,039 per ton, supported by our strong value-added 
product mix, which continues to contribute about 96% to 97% of total 
revenue.  
 
Profit before tax for the nine-month period stood at INR62 crores, 
while profit after tax came at INR45.6 crores, showing stable earnings 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
despite price movements during the year. Overall profitability remains 
well aligned with our internal estimates.  
 
Coming to the third quarter, revenue from operations was INR362.9 
crores, compared to INR299.9 crores in Q3 last year. EBITDA for the 
quarter stood at INR45.2 crores and margin at 12.47%, and EBITDA 
per ton remained at a healthy level of INR6,613. Profit before tax was 
INR15.6 crores and profit after tax stood at INR11.6 crores.  
 
From an operational perspective, the galvanized pipes and coils 
segment continues to be the primary contributor, with both the 
Telangana and Tamil Nadu units performing steadily. The integrated 
steel plant in Telangana facility has now reached near-optimal 
utilization, and overall plant performance across units remains stable 
and efficient. 
 
Looking ahead, business conditions remain stable and operations 
across all units continue to perform steadily. Demand visibility 
remains healthy and our focus on value-added products, disciplined 
execution and operational stability continues to support overall 
performance. Based on the performance achieved so far and current 
business momentum, we remain confident on closing the financial 
year on a good note as Q4 is always marked as a good quarter for the 
steel industry. 
 
I would now like to brief update you on our renewable energy 
subsidiary, Hariom Power and Energy. The 60 megawatt solar project 
is progressing smoothly. The land development work across locations 
is moving as per schedule. A significant portion of land required for 
the project has been secured, including government land, which helps 
optimize project costs. We expect 35 megawatt capacity to commence 
operations by April '26 and balance capacity by end of August '26.  
 
To conclude, the company continues to maintain stable performance, 
consistent margins and disciplined execution. With improving demand 
visibility, strong product mix and ongoing strategic initiatives, we are 
confident of delivering steady growth and finishing the financial year 
on a good note.  
 
Thank you all for your continued support and participation. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll begin now begin the question-and-answer… 
 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Amitabha, would you like to add anything on the financial front? Or 
shall we proceed with Q&A? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: No, I think let's go with presentation once so that we can have a clear 
clarity on that.  
 
Rekha Singh: 
Yeah, we can go ahead with the questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay. Thank you. We will begin the question-and-answer session. All 
those who wish to ask the question please use the option of raise hand. 
We'll take the first question from Aryan Bhatiya. Please go ahead. 
 
Aryan Bhatiya: 
Thanks. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. My first question is regarding 
the drop in EBITDA per ton. So can you specify the reason? Is it due 
to the lower steel prices? And if it is, and I just wanted to know after 
the anti-dumping duty that government has imposed, what is the 
steady state EBITDA per ton we are expecting? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: So, Aryan, the EBITDA per ton that you are seeing, that is recently 
now which is being calculated, you rightly said that there is so much 
fluctuation in the market related to your raw material pricing, 
including coal, iron ore and all, everything is stable. But there is a 
slight difference in finished prices due to raw material prices, which is 
not a major one. But we think that the guidelines that we have from 
before, we are going with those guidelines that our EBITDA will 
remain between INR7,000 to INR8,000. Okay. 
 
Aryan Bhatiya: 
So, from INR7,000 to INR8,000. Got it. And sir, my second question 
is regarding, again, the anti-dumping duty. If I remember correctly, we 
used to import some of the HR coils due to the lower prices. But now 
that government has imposed the anti-dumping duty. So do you see 
some impact on our EBITDA per ton due to this only? Because we 
were previously importing some HR coils, which were cheaper than 
the current domestic. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: We thank the government in this particular participation. Anti-
dumping duty is always beneficial for the industry in relation to the 
fluctuation in the market. Because if you see how much production is 
being enhanced in India, be it the primary producers or newcomers, 
everyone is coming with their big capacities. So saving them and 
within the India premises that we are planning, I think that anti-
dumping duty is playing a good role in itself and it is supported. So, 
we don't think that there should be any issue in it.  
 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Aryan Bhatiya: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, my last question is on our integration. We were 
planning a steel plant in Gadchiroli. So, what is the outlook for that? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: So the MOU was signed by Maharashtra government for Gadchiroli 
project, which is under process. So the documentation part is going 
on. We are not aggressively having anything in hand now. 
Government has to allot us land, which is built by MSDCL. And after 
that only, we will be getting some clarity after land allocation. So we 
are waiting for things to happen. We think by the end of this year, we 
will be getting the land in hand and moving ahead. I think one and a 
half year, two years, there won't be any movement there. We have to 
get that EC and other processes will be there. After that only, things 
will be moving ahead. 
 
Aryan Bhatiya: 
Got it. Got it. And sir, my last question is regarding our 30% 
guidance, volume guidance. So, are we still intact? And what is our 
expansion plans for the next? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Yeah. So this quarter, we have been at 21% of our plans. And as this 
fourth quarter will always be a beneficial one. And moving ahead, we 
are expecting new growth in our value-added chain also. And some 
similar guidelines, we are working. And I think we will be very near 
to the guidelines. 
 
Aryan Bhatiya: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, my last question is like, do you think there is 
enough demand? Because if I look at all the players, they are 
expanding their capacity quite rapidly. So but if I look at the growth, 
the growth has not been that far. So, do you think there is a case of 
oversupply regarding the ERW pipes or black pipes? Because if I 
look... 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Yeah. So Aryan, basically the policies in the government and other 
things, which has disturbed as geopolitical issues are also a part of our 
commodity products and the pricing and other things. So basing on 
those lines in India, especially in southern part of India, like 
Hyderabad, Telangana and Andhra and Karnataka, we find a very 
good growth. And we expect the things should move out well.  
 
So we don't feel that there is a lack of growth, planning or demand. It 
is all about between, in some months when monsoon comes or if 
something else comes, then things shift forwards or backwards. 
Otherwise, demand-wise, we are excellently good. Well-placed in the 
market. 
 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Aryan Bhatiya: 
Got it. Got it. Thank you. That's on my side. Thank you. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Thanks Aryan. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Vijay Chauhan. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Vijay Chauhan: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question in your 
realization side. So, if we look at the current quarter realization 
somewhere it's around 53,000. So how do we see it shaping up into the 
quarter 4 and FY27? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: So quarter 4 will always be a beneficial one and the average pricing 
which should minimum move around 55,000, what is our expectation 
between 54,500 to 55,000, which is our expectation and we feel that 
the demand in the prices is already being accepted by the market and 
the markets are increasing in the market. So, we expect a good hike in 
the price also. 
 
Vijay Chauhan: 
Okay. So, around 54,000, 55,000 is what we are expecting for quarter 
4. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: It's an average pricing. 
 
Vijay Chauhan: 
Okay. Okay. And on the volume side, so the guidance on that 30% 
volume growth. So if I recollect we had done in quarter 4 previous 
year somewhere around 74,000 in quarter 4. So like are we expecting 
the same like trajectory going at maybe 95,000 or 1 lakh as per your 
visibility because already one month is already over. So would you 
like to put some light so that we get like some clarity on that part? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Yeah, 90,000 plus we are -- it's something we can easily build on or as 
you know this 21% is already being touched upon and moving ahead 
it will automatically grow on. So I think 95,000 easily we will be able 
to do it, 90,000 to 95,000. 
 
Vijay Chauhan: 
Okay. Sir, it will be around 30%, 27%, 28% kind of growth that you 
are targeting on the quarter 4 versus this one. And which are the 
segments or sectors like you are seeing much demand in this quarter 4 
and also from the long term based on the your assessment on the 
budget. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: So budget has not given much of a support. So it was normal only. 
Apart from that our dealers' network is already being grown up. And 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
we are increasing the dealer channel, every year-on-year it is getting 
grown up. So we will increase the market size and capacity and 
through marketing and other process we are going with good 
placement, in which the branding evaluation is also good and demand 
of Hariom Pipes is also good. 
 
Vijay Chauhan: 
Okay. That will be all from my side. Thank you and good luck for the 
future. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Thank you, Vijay. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Smith Gala. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Smith Gala: 
Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, one thing I wanted to 
understand the current 30% volume growth guidance will be missed 
by a few percentage and we are targeting 30% volume growth in the 
next year, so where will the growth come from, because the dealers 
number in the new markets which you are giving in the presentation, 
we are not seeing the growth in the dealers. So will we get the 30% 
growth from the existing southern market, because the monsoon or the 
metal price fluctuation -- monsoon will be there every year? So 
according to that 30% guidance if we are not getting much success in 
the new markets, then how will it be? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Sumit, thank you. The network of the dealer is only one part of the 
business. Other part is basically the add-ons in OEMs and the product 
mix that is being added. For example, the pipelines of GI, and the 
lines of GP that we were not enhancing till now, now we are starting 
to supply coils to OEMs due to which our value addition is also 
increasing and the market coverage is also increasing. Apart from the 
new OEMs, we are also working on government supplies and 
tendering, so we are also working closely there. From there also we 
feel that new product development and visibility in the market will be 
there. 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: 
Yeah. Add on to that, in our earlier presentation also, we have 
clearly mentioned that our B2B sales is 15%. Now it has gone up to 
21% till 9 months. So slowly and gradually we are going into that 
B2B with corporate clients and OEM manufacturers. So we are 
supplying to them. In that way also, whatever our target of demand, 
that we can match. 
 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Smith Gala: 
Okay. Second question, our depreciation in Q1 was around INR14 
crores and till Q3 it has reached around INR18 crores, but we have not 
done any major capacity addition. So what are the significant factors 
of high depreciation? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Basically, the ROU assets, plant, that we have acquired under the 
long term lease agreement of Ultra Pipes, the depreciation of ROU 
assets has been added on. So according to the Ind AS, it gets added on 
to ROU assets. 
 
Smith Gala: 
Sir, but ROU assets, the acquisition of Ultra Pipes had already come 
in Q2. So even in Q3, the depreciation has increased a lot. 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Yes, in Q2, it was not for whole 3 months. It came later on, in the 
second half of Q2. I think in the month of July, it came at the end of 
July. So we got it for 1 month. Here, we got it for 3 months. 
 
Smith Gala: 
Okay. So this is the steady state. It should not increase more than this. 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: No, it should not increase. You can see that the ROU assets that have 
come in total, it is 18.02 as on December 25th of 9 months. If you 
look at September, it was 6.02. If you look at Q2 versus Q3, to be 
precise, it is 6.46 versus 6.02 from which the ROU assets were 1.22 in 
Q3 and 0.64 in Q2, right? 
 
Smith Gala: 
Okay. One last question and then I will come back to queue. Now, if I 
talk from a longer term vision, up to FY30, so up to FY30, we are 
taking the target of 30% volume growth? If I look at the optimum 
capacity, then up to FY27, the optimum utilization will reach 70%, 
75%. So what is the plan of the company after that? How will the 
company be able to cater to the increasing volume? Longer term 
vision up to FY30. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: See, Hariom is basically an aggressive company in which we do our 
action plan with a lot of stability. It is not that every year we will jump 
on with some good opportunities at all. It is all about evaluation of the 
opportunity. Wherever we get an opportunity or add-on to the 
business, we are moving very aggressively on it and we will 
implement it steadily. If you look at last year, we told you in the last 
concall that we will maximize our production with stability. After that, 
we will move forward. 
 
So, we are still doing the same thing. As we told you, we have 
maximized ISP. After that, we are focusing on how to further expand 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
our GP products and value-added products. As soon as we get another 
acquisition opportunity or add-on, we will keep doing it again. 
 
Smith Gala: 
Sir, my question is that if we are consistently seeing near about 30% 
growth in volumes up to FY30 and we are thinking of increasing the 
capacity through acquisitions or we will do a new CapEx. I wanted to 
see it from that point of view. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Till 2030, nothing will happen without CapEx, Smith. The 
opportunities that we are talking about will come across the lines only. 
So for next year, we can say that we will return to around 30% growth 
parameters. It takes some time to focus on value addition. The rest of 
it, to get the dealers and increasing volumes and selling it is a small 
thing. But it's a regular process.  
 
Smith Gala: 
Okay, all right. I will join back the queue. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Yeah. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Smith. We will take the next question from Kashish 
Gandotra. Please go ahead. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir. I have two questions for him. Firstly, 
when do you think my revenue growth will start reflecting on the PAT 
growth? In the last two years, although the revenue has increased by 
20%, 25%, but the PAT is almost growing in single digits. So, if you 
can give us an idea regarding that, it will be helpful.  
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Could you please repeat the question? 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Yes, sir. My question is that in the last two years, the revenue has 
increased by 20%, 25%, but the PAT is almost growing in single 
digits. So when will the growth start reflecting on the PAT level? For 
example, if you compare in this quarter, my revenue was 20% higher, 
EBITDA was 20% higher, but the PAT was only up by 5%, 6%. So 
when can we expect that my PAT will also start growing by 20%, 
25%? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Sir, basically there are two parameters to look at. One parameter is 
that your EBITDA is consistently above 12.5. After EBITDA, you are 
getting depreciation and finance cost. So in today's date, our average 
finance cost is almost approximately 7.79% to the extent of working 
capital. The rate of interest is around 7.9% which is pretty good in the 
present financial market. There are some term loans whose rate is a 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
little high. And moreover, in Q3 2026, if my total finance cost is 
13.52, then, approximately 13% pertains to the EIR adjustment on 
lease liabilities, according to IndAS, roughly which is not the actual 
cash outflow. So if you look at it from that angle, the target of 30% 
plus, 30% volume growth. So roughly our old PAT rate was around 
4.69% to 5% last year. So for the next 2 years, it will be around 5%. 
After that, there will be a substantial growth. Your life of the useful 
assets will also be reduced at the initial level. Accordingly, the major 
portion of long-term loans will also be reduced, because there will be 
no enhancement or increase in the working capital. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
So for the next 2 years, if we grow 20%, 25% revenue, similar kind of 
growth we can expect at the PAT level also. Will that be the right 
judgement?  
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Near about. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Okay, fine. Sir, thank you. Sir, the second question is regarding our 
renewable energy plant. It will start from April '26. So, do you think it 
will contribute a little loss in the first 2-3 quarters? Or do you think it 
will be near breakeven in the first quarter? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: It will be near breakeven. Because in the first 2-3 quarters, there will 
be a depreciation impact. But there won't be any cash outflow. 
According to the books, it will look like this. So it will be breakeven. 
Because depreciation cost is nothing but internal cash accrual. So 
looking at it from that angle, it will be breakeven. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Fine, sir. Can you tell me the quantum of depreciation in renewable 
energy? If you can just give me the number, that would be helpful. 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: It is quite difficult. I don't have it readily available in this position. 
You can mail it to me. I will check it once and reply to you. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Sure, sir. Thank you so much, sir. Thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Kashish. We will take the next question from Praneeth 
Reddy. Please go ahead. Yes, Praneeth? Hello? We will move on to 
Sagar Shah. Please go ahead. 
 
Sagar Shah: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, Sagar. 
 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Sagar Shah: 
Yeah. First of all, thank you for the opportunity. And congratulations, 
sir for a good number. Sir, my first question was that you formed a 
subsidiary in this quarter, Metal Mart Private Limited. So its 
incorporation and you said that you want to do trading in it. Basically, 
and Hariom Pipes will hold around 70% of the company. You have 
given the business of trading of metal and steel-allied products in the 
corporate announcement. Sir, first of all, I wanted to know what is the 
logic, sir of this subsidiary and what is your vision to actually form 
this subsidiary? And how will it help the business on a consol basis? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: There are two reasons for this, sir. One is that Metal Mart Private 
Limited will sell the same product which Hariom does not make at 
present, and to supply OEMs etc. Because Hariom supplies to OEMs. 
Along with that, OEMs buy a lot of steel products which Hariom does 
not manufacture. So looking at the market's potentiality, market's 
profitability and market's demand, Hariom cannot go without 
calculation and without fact and figure for any further CapEx. So that 
is why we are creating a platform where the trading margin is very 
less. And if I am not creating as a subsidiary company, then this will 
be reflected directly to our balance sheet. which is very difficult for us 
to distinguish between what are the trading sales and what are the 
manufacturing sales.  
 
So, for Hariom's track record delivered more than 12.5 of EBITDA. 
Earlier, If we have not created Metal Mart as a subsidiary. And if I 
used to supply OEMs from other manufacturers, automatically the 
EBITDA percentage will go down automatically. Then you would 
have questioned us as sir why this happened. So, looking at 
accountability, transparency and corporate governance, we have 
created this subsidiary company. This subsidiary company will do two 
things. One is that your trading profit will come in Hariom's books.  
 
Secondly, looking at the new demand of customer demand and 
product, it will help Hariom in the future expansion for Hariom to do 
in which line of activity and in which direction. And moreover, this 
company is actually focused on the western and northern part of India, 
where Hariom's presence is negligible on one hand. So to test its 
market practically, we have started this platform. We have 
incorporated this company. And with this, you will get a transparent 
account where you can understand how much is Hariom earning as a 
manufacturer, how much is it earning as a trader, what is the demand 
in that, and what is the future growth of Hariom. Everyone will be 
able to understand all the parameters without any confusion. So 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
keeping the whole corporate governance in mind, this decision was 
made with transparency. 
 
Sagar Shah: 
Sir, what are the steel products that OEMs are asking from you and 
you do not have and you are going to trade them? And secondly, are 
its margins the same? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: It has a lot of imported stuff like electronic division, automobile 
division, oil and gas, transformers. There are a lot of products, 
multiple range of products. It all depends on the tie-ups with the 
OEMs and what are they demanding and what are we getting that 
produced and giving it. It is not fixed with any particular region or 
particular product. All those changes will keep happening. 
 
Sagar Shah: 
And will its gross margin also be roughly the same, sir? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Without margin, Hariom will not work, sir. We will work on the 
margins where there is profitability, otherwise it will not go inside it. 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: So, the gross margin as a manufacturer which Hariom is earning, you 
cannot expect the margin in trading terms. It is very clear. That is why 
we have created a separate subsidiary. Otherwise, why do we have to 
create a subsidiary? 
 
Sagar Shah: 
But sir, you have made a subsidiary but if there is less margin in 
trading, then at the consol level, the margin will be dilutive, right? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: No, sir. It will be in consolidation but you will also get to know on 
the standalone level. Because if you have to do CapEx something and 
there is so much margin of the manufacturer in it, when will you get to 
know until you sell that product? 
 
Being a manufacturer, you cannot CapEx thousands of crores without 
testing it. So we have done this for test and trial. And the northern and 
western part of the market, as the previous participant had questioned 
that will we be able to reach according to your dealer numbers? Yes, 
we will be able to reach only when we will have penetration on the 
northern and western side as well. So, to have penetration, you need 
some platform, right? In this, you are seeing Hariom in the standalone 
today. 
 
If we think practically, we will remove the Metal Mart, Hariom is 
what it is today. And the business you are doing, the profitability you 
are seeing in the standalone is the same. If after consolidation, there is 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
less or more in the consolidation, still being a shareholder, you can 
clearly understand that Hariom as a manufacturer has the same 
margin. 
 
Tomorrow, Hariom will start that kind of product also manufacturing. 
Then Hariom margin will be boosted. This clarity is coming to you as 
well as to me. For this, this company has been started. 
 
Sagar Shah: 
Okay, sir. So, my second question will be on GP, sir. Because now I 
feel that your next growth, moreover, your utilization in general and 
value-added is more in MS Tubes and scaffolding systems. So I 
wanted the utilization of GP, GP pipes and GP coils. What is the 
utilization right now? Only GP, sir. 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Sir, only GP, what we have produced till now in 9 months, I will tell 
you in a second.  
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Let's do a presentation on it. 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: I will tell you in a second. 
 
Sagar Shah: 
Yes, sir. Sir, your total capacity is around 3 lakh tons in total, right? 
Galvanized pipes and coils. 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: 
See, in galvanized in 9 months, we have made a total contribution 
of 77,230 metric tons, plus 51,000. That means you have 1,22,046 
metric tons in 9 months. 
 
Sagar Shah: 
So almost 40% utilization is going on, right, sir? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: 
Yes, around 50%. 
 
Sagar Shah: 
Yes, so by the end of this year, it will go up to 50%. So I think your 
realization and margin of GP is also a little high. Because in value-
added also, it is x plus 1. So, can we expect some sort of realization 
increase if we scale this kind of product more? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: 
Yes, definitely. Definitely, your realization is more. In terms of 
margin, it is a little less because we purchase HR coils and not make 
them ourselves.  
 
Sagar Shah: 
It is its raw material. 
 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: 
Yes. So, for that, it is a little less in margin. In that, the margin of 
MS tubes is more. But yes, you are absolutely right. Realization is 
more. And if its quantity increases, then along with gross realization, 
your net margin also improves a little. Because fixed cost will be less, 
right? Yes. So in that, your per ton EBITDA will increase. As the 
volume increases, it will be used. And in this, in today's date, the total 
installed capacity is 3 lakhs. If we go in coil terms rather than pipe, 
then our operational level will improve a little and we can do more 
production. 
 
Sagar Shah: 
So next year, sir, the guidance that we are giving of 20% growth in 
volume terms, I think there will be more contribution of GP, right sir? 
Utilization and its contribution will be more, right sir?  
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Absolutely, sir. Correct.  
 
Sagar Shah: 
Okay. Okay. Thank you so much and all the best, sir. Thank you.  
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sagar. We'll take the next question from Praneeth Reddy. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Praneeth Reddy: 
Am I audible?  
 
Moderator: 
Yes, Praneeth.  
 
Praneeth Reddy: 
Yeah. Given that Anantapur Sponge Iron plant is around 300 to 400 
kilometres away from existing pipe mills, and pipes are very heavy to 
transport. Would it make strategic sense over the long term to evaluate 
a small to mid-size pipe mill near Anantapur? With infrastructure and 
industrial development happening in Andhra, such a unit could act as 
a feeder plant and serve nearby markets more efficiently? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Yeah. So, Praneeth, basically, the unit there is only holding a sponge 
iron unit, and all the sponge iron which is being manufactured is being 
transported to Hyderabad. So now recently, the public hearing results 
are coming out. And recently, two days back, we had a meeting also 
online, in which we will be having the clarity will come for the EC. 
And further moving, we can plan out the cleaning, production, other 
things also.  
 
So, moving ahead, we never know if at all the opportunity is there, the 
market conditions are there, we can go for additional capacities in 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Anantapur also, because we are having the land as well and the 
government of Andhra is also cooperating in those terms. And we can 
move ahead in that plans also. 
 
Praneeth Reddy: 
Yes, because of more industrial activity happening in Andhra. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Yeah, and the demands are also good in Andhra. Moving ahead, we 
see that Andhra will be a very strong player in terms of consumption, 
and we can get the help from the government also. 
 
Praneeth Reddy: 
Okay, sir. My second question is, do you see Hariom entering into 
branded play? And which one two executions if done well could truly 
change the company's trajectory? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Sorry, I haven't got that. 
 
Praneeth Reddy: 
Do you see Hariom entering into branded play? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Yeah, I mean the Hariom brand is well accepted in the market. And 
people are demanding that particular quality what we are delivering. 
It's the process what we are driving on, on-time delivery, quality, rust-
free material, bug-free material, all these things with the ISI grading 
and all, everything is being provided to the customers. So customers 
are very happy and repeatedly, if you see, our repeated customers are 
not going anywhere and we are adding on new customers. 
 
Praneeth Reddy: 
Okay, sir, and which one two executions in longer term, if done well 
as per you, could truly change the company's trajectory? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: It's OEMs and the government projects what we will be supplying will 
also help us out in the profitability and the numbers. 
 
Praneeth Reddy: 
Okay. Right now, which state is giving the most revenues, revenue 
contribution. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Revenue from the state? 
 
Praneeth Reddy: 
Yeah, like state-wise bifurcation or something like that. Which state is 
giving more revenue? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Basically, our major revenue is coming from Karnataka, Kerala and 
third position is Andhra Pradesh. 
 
Praneeth Reddy: 
Okay, thank you sir. 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: First one is Karnataka, second Kerala and third is Andhra Pradesh. 
 
Praneeth Reddy:              Okay, sir do we have DFT installed in our plans? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: DFT? 
 
Praneeth Reddy:  
Yeah, Direct Forming Technology or something like that. 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: That is in ultra is there but that is earlier version of DFT, present 
version of technology. 
 
Praneeth Reddy: 
Okay, are we planning to upgrade anything or which is it? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Not exactly DFT. 
 
Praneeth Reddy: 
Okay, cool. And what about any colour-coated products, are we 
planning to add any? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Now we are not trying to add on any colour-coated products at all. But 
value-added products, yes, CR we are doing excellently well. 
Galvanizing we are doing good and coil galvanizing also we are doing 
very good. And things are also being planned out. CRFH coils, CR 
coils, all these things are in place basically. So we are not planning for 
it. 
 
Praneeth Reddy: 
So we already have colour-coated products? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: No, we don't have any colour-coated products.  
 
Praneeth Reddy: 
Oh, okay. Thank you. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you Praneeth. We will take the follow-up question from Smith 
Gala. Please go ahead. 
 
Smith Gala: 
Yeah, thank you for the follow-up. When will our trading subsidiary 
become operational? And I don't want any numbers but qualitatively, 
what kind of revenue expectations do we have from the trading 
subsidiary? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: It will be difficult to give any such guideline, Smith. Because basically 
it's a new team which is really working very closely to that. Or it is all 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
about opportunity and the safety of the amount which we will be 
incurring. Today, after giving in the credit market, it is more about 
receiving the amounts also.  
 
So after looking at all the parameters, it will initially start with a small 
volume only. And after a quarter time only, we will come to know 
what exactly will be the numbers. It is only incorporation because of 
bifurcation and governance part we have separated it. In the coming 
time, the trading activities for which we will be completely separate, 
that too we will define and give the numbers accordingly. So I think 
we will start it in March end or April first week only. 
 
Smith Gala: 
Okay, it will start in March end or April. And you told that there will 
be a new team on it. So in the initial phases, will your employee 
expenses be a little elevated? Will it put more pressure on the margins 
at the consol level?  
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: It won't be too much, because the Gujarat market or Maharashtra 
market, one or two or four people will be involved in it. It won't be a 
very big team size. And our existing team players will also be seeing 
these things. So if you see, we have hired many professionals in the 
company. They are being a part of hariom family now. So all the 
responsibilities will be on them, which we will take forward. 
 
Smith Gala: 
Okay, okay. Thank you.  
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Smith. Anybody who wishes to ask the questions please 
use the option of raise hand. Since there are no further questions, 
would you like to give any closing comment? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: So basically, my closing comment is that Hariom is working very 
steadily and very carefully. It is doing a very good job. He is taking 
his policies, his governance part and his infrastructure very well. Just a 
closing remark. I would like to reiterate that Hariom Pipe Industries 
continues to remain focused on stable growth, disciplined execution 
and long-term value creation. Despite market fluctuations, the 
company 
has 
maintained consistent operational performance, 
supported by a strong value-added product mix and efficient 
utilization of capacity. 
 
Our strategic initiatives, including expansion in value-added segments 
and progress in renewable energy continue to strengthen the 

Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 9, 2026 14:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
company's long-term positioning. With steady demand, visibility and 
improving operational stability, we remain confident of closing this 
financial year on a good note and continuing our growth journey in the 
coming years. We sincerely thank all our investors, analysts, vendors, 
partners and employees for their continued trust and support. Thank 
you all. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We thank the management team and all the 
participants for joining on this call. This brings us to the end of this 
conference call. Thank you. 
