REF .NO./GHL/ AHMD/2025-2026/363D 
DATE: FEBRUARY 12, 2026 
To 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relation Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
REF: Security Code No. 526367 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
To 
GANESH~ 
HOUSINGIII 
LIMITED'1 
(formerly known as Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited) 
ISO 9001 :2015 I ISO 14001 :2015 
ISO 45001 :2018 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
REF: Company Symbol: GANESHHOU 
Sub: 
Transcript of Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call dated February 09, 2026 
In continuation of our letters dated February 03, 2026, February 06, 2026 and 
February 09, 2026 please find enclosed the transcript of Q3 FY26 Earnings Call on Unaudited 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025 
for your information and records. 
The 
above 
mentioned 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
our 
website 
viz. 
https://ganeshhousing.com/assets/pdf/financial-presentation/q3fy26-earnings-call-transcript-9feb26.pdf 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For GANESH HOUSING LIMITED 
(formerly known as GANESH HOUSING CORPORATION LIMITED) 
JASMIN JANI 
COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
Encl: As above 
GANESH CORPORATE HOUSE 
100 ft. Hebatpur-Thaltej Road, 
Nr. Sola Bridge, Off. S.G. Highway, 
Ahmedabad-380 054. Gujarat, India. 
CIN:L45200GJ1991PLC015817 
P +91 79 6160 8888 
E ganesh@ganeshhousing.com 
W www.ganeshhousing.com 
Jasmin Arpit 
Jani
Digitally signed by Jasmin 
Arpit Jani 
Date: 2026.02.12 14:22:05 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Ganesh Housing Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
 
                 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJENDRA SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
GANESH HOUSING LIMITED 
 
MR. NEERAJ KALAWATIA – VICE PRESIDENT, 
FINANCE – GANESH HOUSING LIMITED 
 
MR. B. RAVI – CORPORATE AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR 
– GANESH HOUSING LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJAT GUPTA – GO INDIA ADVISOR 
 
 
... 
~ 
GO INDIA ADVISORS 
GANESH -
® 
HOUSINGIIII 
LIMITED'1 
GANESH~ 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED'1 

 
Ganesh Housing  
 Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Ganesh Housing Limited Q3 and FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajat Gupta from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Rajat Gupta: 
Yes. Thank you, Danesh. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Ganesh Housing Limited 
earnings call to discuss the Q3 FY '26 results. We have on the call with us today, Mr. Rajendra 
Shah, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Neeraj Kalawatia, Vice President, Finance; and Mr. B. Ravi, 
Corporate and Financial Advisor. 
 
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be, therefore, viewed in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. I 
now request Mr. B. Ravi to take us through the company's business outlook and financial 
highlights, subsequent to which we'll open the floor to Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
B. Ravi: 
Thank you, Rajat. Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to all of you to the Ganesh 
Housing Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings Call. Thank you for taking the time out to join us today 
and for your continued interest and support. 
 
The third quarter FY '26 has been a period of steady operational progress for the company, even 
as revenue recognition remained a milestone-driven 1 and uneven across quarters. While the 
reported financials reflect the timing of project completions, leasing cycles and the land 
monetization, the underlying fundamentals of the business remain strong with healthy margins 
a robust balance sheet and clear execution visibility across our key projects. 
 
Before discussing the quarter in detail and as well as the projects, it's important to place our 
performance in the broader context of the Ahmedabad real estate market, which continues to 
remain 1 of India's most structurally attractive urban growth stories. Ahmedabad today stands 
as one of the country's most affordable large cities with an EMI to income ratio of around 18%, 
significantly lower than most metropolitan markets. 
 
This affordability, combined with improving infrastructure, strong employment generation and 
steady migration inflows continues to drive end-user demand across residential and commercial 
segments. Over the past few years, city has seen a series of structural triggers. These include 
expansion of GIFT City, the ongoing Metro Phase 2 development improved road connectivity 
across the western and northern corridors and the expected infrastructure push around the 
Common Wealth Games 2030. 

 
Ganesh Housing  
 Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
If you have seen the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation recently announced budget outlines the 
massive push AMC is driving to give in Ahmedabad on all fronts, be it infrastructure, tourism, 
sports, mobility, water, digital governance, inclusivity in housing and urban esthetics. All this 
will trigger an all-round growth in real estate with both residential and commercial projects 
taking a flight. 
 
Together, these factors are shaping or rather reshaping the city's growth corridors and driving 
both residential adoption and corporate leasing demand. Furthermore, these factors are 
increasingly influencing home buyers and in investor preferences, especially among professional 
and new age businesses. 
 
Gujarat itself has been consistently ranked among India's top 7 states, frequently appearing to 
top 3 first key developmental parameters, including economic growth, industrial output, FDI 
inflow, etcetera. Also, many ultra large developments are coming up in the next 5 years and 
Ahmedabad lies in the forefront of all this. 
 
Coming to the company's performance during the quarter. In Q3 FY '26, the company reported 
revenues of INR92 crores. EBITDA was about INR72 crores with an EBITDA margin of 82.3% 
while profit after tax came in at INR54 crores, translating into a PAT margin of 58.7% For the 
9-month period, revenue stood at INR417 crores and PAT at INR255 crores. 
 
Despite the modern moderation compared to last year's high base, our margin profile continues 
to remain amongst the strongest in the sector. This reflects the inherent strength of our asset 
base, the low-cost land bank and our disciplined approach to capital allocation. This year, there 
has been, as you would notice, a decline in asset revenue and profit both sequentially and year-
on-year. 
 
However, I would like to quote at this point in time, a Sanskrit shlok, which goes this way 
shramastha gato bhanu hu punar udeti dipti manaha which translates to the sun sets only for a 
moment and rises again in full brilliance the next morning. This applies exactly to what our 
performance has been. I would say, the past quarter represents a temporary pause in an otherwise 
steady trajectory with structural drivers in that we are positioned for renewed growth ahead.  
 
While revenue and profits could be lower year-on-year on a sequential basis, this is primarily a 
function of the timing of rate deflation and the pacing of the land transactions. As we have 
consistently communicated, FY '25 was an exceptional year, driven by large Godhavi land 
monetization deals too. And FY '26 was expected to be more execution led. 
 
Our balance sheet continues to be a key strength. We remain debt-free as of now for over 3 years, 
support by strong internal approvals and prudent financial management. This provides us with 
significant flexibility to fund ongoing development, pursue new opportunities and navigate 
market cycles without any pressure. 
 
Now the more important point is the operational updates on our key projects, which are going 
on very well. First, Million Minds Tech. The Million Minds Tech part building is now fully 
constructed. There's a total buildup area of about 13.5 lakh square feet. It also includes a state-

 
Ganesh Housing  
 Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
of-the-art visitor center, spanning about 25,000 square feet designed to showcase their project 
and host corporate engagements. The visitor center would be a common expenditure for all the 
phases of the project. The leasable carpet area is about 7.2 lakh square feet, which will shortly 
be applying for the BU or the occupation certificate. 
 
On the leasing status, I'm glad to say that the total -- of the total leasable area of 7.25 lakh square 
feet, LOIs already received as to the tune of 4 lakh square feet. Average agreed rentals are more 
than INR100 per square feet on the carpet. And several tenants have already commenced the 
interior fit out. Final negotiations are ongoing for the balanced area, and we are confident of 
achieving 100% leasing before end March. 
 
Once operational, Million Minds will not only provide predictable lease income starting from 
FY '26 first 1 itself, but also position the company more firmly in the commercial development 
and annuity segment. Over time, with multiple phases, this project has the potential to become 
a meaningful contributor to our overall earnings profile. 
 
The second project, which is Malabar Retreat on the housing front, it's our premium residential 
projects and the construction thereon continues to progress steadily. The project overall is 
completed about 74%. In fact, the construction of the structure is almost 100% complete and 
work on finishing has started. 
 
As the structure advances and visibility improve, we are seeing sustained buying interest, which 
is typical for any projects opposing completion. We expect this traction to translate into stronger 
conversion as we move closer to delivery. As you know, we started this project in March 2024, 
less than 2 years back. And the project is projected to be completed in March 27, probably could 
be even earlier. 
 
Looking to the schedule and looking to the completion, which have received till now. On the 
updation of the actual sales, the total sale value, as you know, is INR450 crores. And it could be 
more because the pricing only improves as we -- as a base progress. As of now, the bookings 
done are a sales volume of almost INR155 crores or more, which is about 35% to 40%. 
 
The third project, which is planned is One 91 Thaltej. At this point in time, I can say that the 
plans have been submitted for statutory approvals and the approvals are expected in the next 1 
month or so. The project launch will follow immediately post approvals. This is a premium 
office, as you know, and retail also build into it. And this will have a good numbers going 
forward in the coming 2 or 3 years. The fourth project is million mines Phase 2. 
Plans have already been submitted for approval again in this and we expect the approval time 
line to be end of February, this month or early March itself and the prelaunch professions are 
already underway. The fifth project is Godhavi township. As you are aware, the strategic land 
monetization was already initiated 9 months ago and is going on smoothly.  
The current year about 28 acres till now has been successfully sold with an average realization 
of about INR14.5 crores per acre. Total monetization till now is about 35, 38 or 40 acres. As a 

 
Ganesh Housing  
 Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
summary, let me state that our strategy remains focused on value maximization rather than 
volume-driven sales.  
With a fully paid land reserves across multiple growth corridors, we have multiyear visibility 
across project development, residential projects and mixed-use assets. First, our business model 
is evolving into a balanced platform across land monetization, development income and annuity 
revenues  
Land sales remains a capital-efficient vertical with while projects like Malabar retreat million 
mines and 191 Thaltej represent the next phase of development led growth. Second, with our 
million mine phase nearing completion, we are approaching our first meaningful annuity stream 
income stream. Over multiple phases, this development has the potential to bring a substantial 
recurring revenue base over the next 5 to 7 years. 
 
And third, the land monetization approach remains disciplined and value focus. So therefore, on 
all fronts the way the projects are at this point in time, we have built in a strong base and going 
forward in the coming years is only going to be built there on. With that, we can now open the 
floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer 
session. The first question comes from the line of Bhargavi Patel from Avinash Mentor 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Bhargavi Patel: 
Thank you, sir for giving me the opportunity. I have a couple of questions to ask. So my first 
question is for the 191 Thaltej project, is demand visibility largely pre-commitment driven or 
will the project rely on speculative absorption post launch? 
B. Ravi: 
Can I take that answer or are you going to finish that question also? 
Bhargavi Patel: 
So shall I ask the second question? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes, you may do that both. Yes, I can answer both together. 
Bhargavi Patel: 
So my second question is how much of the expected demand uplift around the 2030 
Commonwealth games, you think is already reflected in the land pricing and investor interest 
also which micro market within the Ahmedabad stand to benefit the most and how export these 
companies land bank for these loans? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes. Okay. I'll take both 191 Thaltej, it's always a mix, but such kind of projects, generally, what 
we have seen for -- especially for Ganesh housing continuously. Quite a bit of them are always 
having an interest even before the project has been launched. But obviously, this is a very big 
project and not the entire thing can always be driven by that.  
So though there is a good amount of interest in that. Quite a bit of that would have to be post 
launch driven only. So maybe the filling up of these things all be much faster than normal 
projects, but still it will be driven by both the presales as well as the post launch sales. On the 

 
Ganesh Housing  
 Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
other side, the -- I wouldn't say that just an announcement of 2030 as yet been completely 
absorbed in the existing land price growth or for that matter and investment interest completely.  
I would say that the moment work starts which will -- it just happens. It started to happen very 
slowly right now. But -- and when the momentum picks up, that's when you will actually see a 
lot of traction in the land prices as well as the investors interest in that. So I would want to wait 
for another 6 to 9 months to see in which all pockets this been happening to really say that where 
the prices have been already factored in or not.  
The same goes for any micro -- the fact or other microeconomic factors. Definitely, the 
infrastructure push and especially what the AMC Amdavad Municipal Corporation has 
announced recently, definitely looks at a lot of things that are going to happen on the connectivity 
and also the communication part itself. And therefore, yes, in all those places where we have 
land, we do see good development happening in those areas in the coming months. Anything I 
missed out? 
Bhargavi Patel: 
Understood, sir. Thank you for giving such an elaborate answer. All the very best to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Krish Bhatia from Anand Rathi Shares 
and Stock Brokers Limited. Please go ahead. 
Krish Bhatia: 
So in Q2, you indicated the clarity on guidance would emerge post Q3 and based on the 
execution, what are the swing factors that would materially alter FY '27 guidance? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes. So FY '27, I would definitely want to wait for the next quarter also to be completed and I'll 
give it along with the final results of this year. But at this point in time, I would definitely want 
to add one thing and that is the way the projects have been completed, let's say, especially in the 
Malabar Retreat.  
As you know, it's about INR450 crores, INR500 crores based project. That is likely to be 
completed within the next financial year itself and also probably even the possession handles. 
The way it is going it should be completed well before March, the way it looks at this point in 
time, like in all other projects also.  
So surely, the entire sales will come up. And also the way the Godhavi land has been having 
traction at this point in time. And yes, it can always have a quarter-on-quarter changes. But on a 
long-term basis, that's going to be one more very big addition to the entire sales for the next year.  
And third, very importantly the lease rentals which we are looking at and which are more than 
what we had projected, that's also going to be adding as almost a full year, if not full maybe it is 
10, 11 months of lease rental into this revenue. So I do see FY '27 to be 100% driven by all these 
projects, and we will give you the exact guidance maybe in April or May 26. 
Krish Bhatia: 
Thank you. That's helpful. And second question is expected to be million minds compared with 
similar Grade A assets in Gift City and peripheral Ahmedabad markets that has future phase 

 
Ganesh Housing  
 Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
rollout, will the sales strategy tilt more towards leasing or selective asset monetization recycle 
capital? 
B. Ravi: 
See, if I understood you correctly, it's Gift City and what we have, they are very complementary. 
Gift City has got – it’s financial center. So it's mostly driven by all the financial companies and 
the financial businesses which are on there with the tax holidays, whatever has been given.  
And the other ones, which we have, let's say, the 1 million mine is driven by pure IT play. Both 
50% is SEZ and 50% is non SEZ. So both these are effectively actually quite complementary to 
each other, while one caters to the financial ones, this will cater to the IT and IT-related services.  
And that's the kind of a traction we have been seeing also, but put together Ahmedabad as a 
whole, both these what we have in SEZ and this Gift City the kind of development is happening 
will catapult Ahmedabad into the IT sector and IT-related services, whether it is financial or 
nonfinancial. And I think that augurs very well for us. especially as a company and for 
Ahmedabad in general. 
Krish Bhatia: 
Sure. Thank you so much. That’s helpful. That’s it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Arvind Mahadevan from Equiventure 
Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Arvind Mahadevan: 
My question number one is out of the total revenue generated out of this quarter, how much of 
it belongs to land monetization, sir? 
B. Ravi: 
See, it's -- I would call it a project of Godhavi. It is 100% that project-driven of land only, which 
is, as you know, Godhavi has got both the plotted and the land itself, plus the development is 
going to happen, as I mentioned earlier, from September or so this year, that is FY '27. So this 
fourth quarter, like in the earlier ones also, it is related to that project only. 
Arvind Mahadevan: 
Okay, sir. So we were planning to monetize around 50 acres of land for the current financial 
year, out of which we had already monetized 33 acres. So the balance 17 acres, how much of 
that is left, sir, as on this? 
B. Ravi: 
About as of now, 38 acres have been monetized and about 12 acres are still left on the Phase 1. 
Arvind Mahadevan: 
So that would be done by Q4, right? 
B. Ravi: 
Well, I'll be giving you too much of an advanced guidance for that. I'll need to make and watch 
for that, Arvind. Let's just -- let us complete the year, please. And I'll tell you for that. 
Arvind Mahadevan: 
All right. 
B. Ravi: 
The prospects are good. 
Arvind Mahadevan: 
Okay, sir. Okay, sir. And last question being, what is the time line for the Thaltej project? And 
when can we expect it to be completed by? 

 
Ganesh Housing  
 Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
B. Ravi: 
Completion is 3 years from the date of March and maybe a maximum 3.5 years. 
Management: 
2 million square feet. Ideal time is 4 years. For this kind of on 2 million square feet of the 
development. So idle time will be the 4 years. 
Arvind Mahadevan: 
Okay. Okay, fine. 
B. Ravi: 
Thank you.  
Arvind Mahadevan: 
And last -- sorry, sorry, last question. We had already received 50% of LOI for the -- in the last 
quarter itself. By Q4, I’m expecting to reach 100% or this has been a variance in data? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes, yes. By March, we expect 100% LOIs to be received for leasing. At this point in time, it is 
4 out of 7.25 lakhs, which is almost like 60%. 
Arvind Mahadevan: 
Got it. Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
B. Ravi: 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Henil Bagadia from Equicorp. Please go 
ahead. 
Henil Bagadia: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. So, I just got some questions related to the cash flow part. 
Since we are going to launch the one Thaltej project in the FY '27 and it's going to take about 3 
years, so by FY '30. Also, we have got certain other launches that is on the million-mind SEZ 
part, we have got other launches on the commercial part and the residential part. 
And we just have about, say, 12-acre land parcel that is yet to be monetized. So how do we 
manage -- how do we see the cash flows going ahead? And for the Malabar, we are at about 30% 
to 40% projects sold out, right? Or has the number gone up beyond 50%? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes, I'll tell you. Malabar to answer the last one. Malabar is about 35%, 37% at this point in 
time, and that's around INR160 crores of sales value and the total sales value is 450. That is one 
of the cash flows which are going to be coming in, in this year itself because the project, as I 
said, is structures are almost 100% complete, and we expect completion in the next 6 to 8 
months, right, 6 to 10 months, let's say. 
So that is going to be one of the main cash flows. Obviously, that's going to be used for the 
projects some of them, but the land has already been paid for. So that will come as cash flow 
inflows for that. The second one, it's not just the 12-acres. Frankly, that was the first phase in 
Godhavi, the land monetization we talked about in the first phase of 50, and maybe 50 in the 
second phase also get sold earlier. 
So in terms of the value which we can realize from that is stupendous and therefore, it will not 
be restricted only to 12-acres. It can go beyond that also, provided we get the right kind of 
traction in that and the right kind of prices. And a lot of movements are happening in that area. 
So obviously, we are very not just hopeful, but we believe that the kind of a waiting which has 

 
Ganesh Housing  
 Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
happened will only give us more value to the land with all these developments. So that's going 
to be another cash flow for sure. 
One 91 Thaltej is something which will be not -- it's not going to be a lease one. So therefore, 
there again, the land has been paid for. And the construction will begin with a very small 
requirement of money from our own side in terms of transaction beginning, but as and when the 
sales of that happens, the cash flows from the sale also will start coming in. 
So at this point in time, as we see, there is a strong cash flow for the projects as such. But always, 
there is a -- the development of any new land and all that could be always something which can 
come up at any point in time. So we are planning at this. Let us see how the -- all the traction we 
regimes we are doing on land acquisition as well as all these project monetizations going ahead. 
That will tell us whether we do have a cash flow requirement, a shortage, if at all, for projects 
or for our temporary cash flow, all that will happen in the next 3 to 4 months. So the next year's 
guidance next year numbers, we will be able to spell out every aspect of this. At this point in 
time, I can say that the cash flows are very well balanced. 
Henil Bagadia: 
 
Okay. 
Management: 
Just to add what Raviji just said. We will have almost 90%, 95% leased I have tied up for Phase 
1 of SEZ. And we can always go for lease rental discounting with respect of those leases, which 
are tied up. This will be -- in case we require -- in case there is a shortfall in liquidity, we can 
always bank on that. And without having any -- without creating any burden on our corporate 
cash flow, we can have this debt. 
Henil Bagadia: 
Just to get a little more clarity here. So, if -- will we be able to sell the complete Malabar project 
in FY '27, that is about 60%. That comes up about INR300 crores? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes, that's what we are planning, and that's what we are hopeful because the project is very well 
visible at this point in time. And we do see a traction. While we are making this number when 
we had the Board meeting, we had after the last 3, 4 days, we've got about 5 to 7 bookings, 
additional. So it's going on well. So the management definitely is hopeful of completing the 
entire sale and hand it over in FY '27. 
Henil Bagadia: 
Okay. Sir, if I just put some numbers to it. So we -- it is about INR300 crores that we might get 
from the Malabar project. Thaltej project, if I see the cost based on our construction since you 
said the land is already paid, it would -- it could be about, say, INR400 crores. And if we actually 
see the Godhavi land parcel based on the current sell rate, it comes to about, say, INR200 crores. 
So on a macro level, I think the cash won't be a problem just the timing effect could be a little 
bit of an issue, if I'm not wrong? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes. So what you just summarized, we have to put it in one sentence. There could be a temporary 
requirement. They could be some quarter or the other quarter, which can be a mismatch. But I 
think overall, the corporate cash flow is the way they've gone about, they will be a very good 
balance and we will be able to manage for all the projects without any difficulty. 

 
Ganesh Housing  
 Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Many a times we do hold back certain inquiries too, looking to a better opportunity and a better 
sale value. So -- and if we want to really monetize on that at that point in time, if there is a 
requirement of money, you would as well do that rather than just wait for it. So these are all 
things which are very flexible in nature. Yes, please go ahead. You're saying something? 
Henil Bagadia: 
Sir, if you see that December 2025, under municipal corporation actually came out with a higher 
FAR for certain areas, so if I'm not wrong, from 4 to 4.5. Does it impact us in any way or we've 
got a neutral impact? 
Management: 
See most of this development and favorable things have been done for the Western Ahmedabad 
and are well aware that most of our land banks are located in Western Ahmedabad only. So 
hitting the Commonwealth development in mind, they have proposed a lot of infrastructure 
development as well as a new facility. So definitely, that will add to our volume phase. 
Henil Bagadia: 
Sir, there is a specific transit-oriented zone, which actually came during the Board meeting of 
Ahmedabad Urban -- AUDA authority. So, from that particular notification, the FSI was 
increased from 4 to 4.5 for about 6 areas and… 
Management: 
This is what the major decision which has been taken in the meeting. They will come up with 
actual guideline and actual... 
B. Ravi: 
Actual survey numbers and see… 
Management: 
All this thing will come up. 
B. Ravi: 
And CTS number where these will be applicable. So further details, meaning minute details are 
yet to be known. This is policy decision which is taken at AUDA. Now we all land parcels will 
get benefit is something which lies in detail. However, we are meaning -- we are hopeful that 
we will be the biggest beneficiary because our -- most of the land banks located in areas where 
which are transit zones and which are in the heart of development, which is taking place. 
Henil Bagadia: 
Okay. So if probably the Thaltej, if they -- if at all, they come with a particular CTS numbers, 
Thaltej, Malabar could be the biggest beneficiary or even -- or if does Million Minds also fall 
under that particular possible zone? 
B. Ravi: 
Thaltej will be definitely one. 
Management: 
Million Minds definitely will be one of the beneficiaries because that is exactly at the intersection 
of the Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar Expressway which is proposed. 
B. Ravi: 
And 2 very vital roads, SP Ring Road and SG Highway, both these are accessible from Million 
Minds. 
Henil Bagadia: 
Okay. Sir, lastly, there is a premium exemption that real estate developers get on using -- I mean, 
on green initiatives and using more ESG-friendly material or type of construction. And since 
you have also got the Platinum Award. Sir, are we seeing a significant benefit passed on because 

 
Ganesh Housing  
 Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
I think so the exemptions have moved in recently, about 7% to 12% exemptions from the Gujarat 
government on the…? 
B. Ravi: 
Surely, we will be biggest beneficiary because all these nuances of sustainability which are 
implemented by local authorities, in fact we, Ganesh, being in forefront of development, we are 
also in forefront of implementing all these new things which are being helpful to environment 
and people at large. So if you see our corporate presentation. In fact, if you see our corporate 
presentation, we have developed a public garden.  
We have provided green spaces. In fact, when authorities had not laid down, we started rainwater 
harvesting and all those things. Meaning, we are kind of ahead. And just to give you further 
details. Our meaning forestation of western hills in India is the project wherein we have donated 
-- Ganesh Housing has donated INR5 crores rupees. So we are in forefront of taking care of 
environment and benefits to people at large. It will definitely benefit us. 
Henil Bagadia: 
Okay. Sir, lastly, after the completion of Million Minds commercial, so do we see the new towers 
actually coming up in 2027? Do you plan to begin construction on them? 
B. Ravi: 
At least the commercial side, as I just said earlier, we are looking at launching the second tower 
there just next to this. On the residential at this point in time, we would -- we have not yet 
finalized on when and what -- how much of area we will be doing on that. Maybe in the next 6 
months, we'll come up with plans of that also. 
Henil Bagadia: 
Since 50% of the customers are actually from the IT or IT background, do you -- is there any 
demand or any potential we can put up any data centers or the land is too valuable for a data 
center project to actually come up there? 
B. Ravi: 
The land, of course, is a huge amount there. At this point in time, our master plan doesn't contain 
any specific data center as such. But it's always demand-driven and specifications if we believe 
that it's going to be beneficial to us and also at large, it's beneficial to the occupants as well as 
the state itself, then we might look at it. I would want to add that at this point in time, our master 
plans do not have any specific data center, but tomorrow it could be another day. Anything can 
happen. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Janak Shah from Wealth Finvisor. 
Janak Shah: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. As we discussed in this call, looking at '25-'26, we might end 
a bit lower than '24-'25 and the current Q3, the revenue has come down to INR91 crores, out of 
which 80% is the margin. So again, as we assume that is from the land sale of Godavari. Sir, my 
question was that when the shift happens from just land sale to the sale of projects going forward 
in the next 2, 3 years, would it be good to assume that the margin, which is currently at 80%, 
would be like something like 30-ish because the sales would also like increased many-fold? 
B. Ravi: 
Well, 30-ish has never been the kind of even for the developer projects, that's never been our 
margin. It's been much higher than that. And on top of that, see, the whole thing is about it's a 
good combination of all those projects where there will be margins around, it's around 37%, 

 
Ganesh Housing  
 Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
40%, as well as the land by itself. See, Godavari has got 438, it was 415, now we got more 430, 
420 acres or so, or 418. So that aspect where the big fraction is happening will always be there.  
So if at all there has to be a number given, it would be in between what you said and the 80%. 
Definitely, it will not be 80 % in all the projects. That would be wrong to assume. But what you 
said is also on the lower side. Having said that, I would not want to put a number to it at this 
point in time.  
We will rework this when we are giving the guidance for FY '27. We would have reworked these 
things and we will be able to tell you what could be the proportion because a good proportion of 
our sales are also going to be of a development project like Malabar Retreat itself. Therefore, I 
think we'll work this out and tell you.  
Janak Shah: 
Right, sir. Sir, my second question was that like in the year '26-'27, can we assume that the 
INR70 crores annuity income from Million Minds Project 1 would start? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes. 
Janak Shah: 
Okay. That is great. And what would be -- according to you, what would be the benefits of 
Commonwealth Games 2030, as we have the largest land bank in Godavari? 
B. Ravi: 
Well, that's precisely what we are also trying to, evaluating at this point in time. Not much of 
work has started on and therefore, there has been -- unless the work on the Commonwealth, it 
all starts from the government doing various announcements, right, which they already have 
done. Once the budget is done, the announcement has been made, they have to actually put that 
into an order, government order, city order and all that.  
So once that happens and when the entire, let's say, opening up of all these roads and all are 
more clearly renounced, that is when we think that the value of that will be increasing. Definitely, 
it will have an impact in the coming six to seven months, wherein a lot of traction will happen 
in the Godavari and all, because a lot of land has been acquired for 2030 games itself by the 
others and the government.  
So I think -- I had already said earlier too that from September '26 onwards, the real project of 
what is going to be done in terms of the Godavari total land will be much clearer because by 
then we believe that all these announcements and all these things would have come to a little 
more clarity and a very specific way of going about it.  
So, yes, a short answer would be definitely, the Commonwealth will have a lot of ups to all the 
land which we have and are positive to us. How much can be the benefit? We'll really have to 
wait for so many things to be coming about to be announced by the government itself. 
Janak Shah: 
Right. Sir, my last question being that because of this, are we going deliberately slow because 
we want to have the benefits of the Commonwealth Games? And is the Thaltej 1 and 191 Thaltej 
the same project? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes. 

 
Ganesh Housing  
 Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Janak Shah: 
Okay. But sir, in the PPTs like we are like looking at like the 191 Thaltej and also about the 
Godavari being launched, but like we are waiting since a long time. Any specific month in 2026 
which any of the two would be launched, like a concrete launch? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes. Well, first, a slight correction on what you have said, Janak. And that is the Godavari one, 
the monetization and the development and what we have been doing, it has already been done 
for the last 15 to 18 months already, last September, October, I think we had started. So we have 
begun work, but the project work on Godavari, that's what has not started, but the land 
monetization is a part of the Godavari project has been already done, which is a very significant 
part of it. So that is -- it's already in place.  
And yes, there was a slight wait and watch till last December or October to December, that is 
'24 I'm talking about, because we saw these announcements and we saw these things coming 
up.And therefore, we had definitely deliberately put in the project itself to September '26, but 
till then, whenever we saw traction, we started to monetize the Godavari project plan, and that 
has been coming in. 
As I said, 38 have already been monetized of the total 450 acres. So that's the fact of it. stage. 
As I just said, we expect the plans to be there in place by March. And therefore, that project, if 
I have to put a date to it in all products in March 2026, this project will be launched. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Neeraj from Kalki Ventures. 
Neeraj: 
You mentioned that how full lake of the million mine project has already leased out Will it be 
possible to share names of some of the tenants who have signed the LOI because as soon as they 
started it out, I think it be good if we can move the kind of occupiers you're getting? 
B. Ravi: 
See, we are actually waiting for the occupation certificate to come in. Many people want the 
declarations to happen once the occupation certificate is there. And that's the reason where we 
are unable to tell you the names, but I have given you -- I can give you that it's a very good 
combination of IT, IT related services for working spaces and the like. 
 
And therefore, I think we'll have to wait for a maximum 1 month before we can actually tell, not 
in the launch unit in terms of telling the public, saving of everyone that this our OC as we receive 
that these are the names who are going to come in. Just we have to hold on for another 1 month 
or so, please. 
Neeraj: 
Okay. And just for my knowledge, I wanted to understand this city since there is a tax already 
that has been extended, but I sure no IT companies or IT source companies still actually take 
part in the city area because that will be like a very big dampener for million mines? 
B. Ravi: 
No, I would -- I will definitely not say that because the companies who are there in IT and IT-
related services are a much larger portion than those who are there in financial services as such. 
And that's what is going to happen in Gibson. It's all related to financial services sector. And 
that's going to be benefited by -- in terms of like the banks and the various other -- the financial, 
let's say, the instruments and everybody dealing in that. 

 
Ganesh Housing  
 Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
But IT is far beyond that and IT related services, especially are beyond that. And therefore, I 
would say, as I told earlier in my speech that it will be a very good complementary aspect that 
in both these will go together and probably it will be beneficial overall. 
 
And both is being beneficial definitely helped our residential where we are only there in GIFT 
City is only for their participants. I think overall, both these will be complementary, and we 
would be able to get a very good traction on the IT and IT-related services for our IT… 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Aaditya P., an Individual Investor. 
Aaditya P.: 
So, I have two questions. First is, will we have revenue generating out of land sales next year as 
well? And if yes, then to what extent? 
B. Ravi: 
To what extent, I would -- it will be difficult to say -- but yes, it's a very, very important part of 
the total verticals that Ganesh housing has, one is the lease rental. The second is the residential 
and commercial. The third is the land, so incidentally, we happen to have the development 
happening in 64 acres of where the million mines as well as residential projects will come our 
Malabar close by. 
 
But on the Godhavi side, it's basically land at this point in time. It's a project which is having a 
huge land bank. And that monetization would always happen. Whenever there is a good 
opportunity which you come because that's a good part of our vertical. 
Aaditya P.: 
All right, sir. And my next question is forecast revenue overall for the Q4 as well as for the next 
financial year? 
B. Ravi: 
Next -- both these things, forecast revenue, surely the way we had guided, I think it will be lower 
than what it was for Q3, which we have seen it to be lower than what it was there in FY '25. 
That's quite visible at this point in time. For FY '27, I have to give a guidance only when we 
finish a complete year of FY '26. And when we have the Board meeting, let's say, April or May 
of 2026. 
Aaditya P.: 
All right. Sorry, sir, can you repeat again? So you mentioned it will be less than the Q3? Or you 
have mentioned it will be less than the Q4 of the last year? 
B. Ravi: 
No, I said FY '26 as compared to FY '25, the revenues and the profit looks to be lower the way 
the 3 quarters have functions. So we believe that, that's how it will end up with. But FY '27, we'll 
give the forecast in April or May. That's correct. 
Aaditya P.: 
All right. Sir, if possible, can you just provide estimation figures in terms of figures, if it's 
possible? 
B. Ravi: 
See, when we have non-developmental one, this such kind of revenues, it becomes very difficult 
to really project how much of the Godhavi land demand can come up, and we believe that it is -
- it's a good price to be selling it. So that is always going to be as per the opportunity. So while 
we had very good opportunity in Q1, Q2 of this year itself. Q3, we didn't get that opportunity, 
and we are not happy with that kind of a sales value, which was coming in. So we did not do it. 

 
Ganesh Housing  
 Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
But in this quarter, it can come up. So to lay a hand on saying how much will happen would be 
airing rather inductors are trying to say something which may not necessarily be proved right. 
So I would not venture to do that I think we'll have to wait for this FY '26 to be completed to Q4 
numbers. But I still said that the way it is going, FY '25 was higher than FY '26. It will remain 
that. That's what I say. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I would like to 
hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. Thank you, and over to 
you, team. 
B. Ravi: 
Thank you, everyone, for the great interest that we have shown and continue to ask all the 
questions are also extremely relevant and very good. But I can definitely say that I'm excited to 
say that FY '26 has seen a significant stream of projects income and profit in million lines coming 
up in FY '27. 
 
I mean from lease income, Malabar Retreat projects and everything, including, of course, land 
monetization, as I just said, so with a strong land bank, high-margin projects, a debt-free balance 
sheet and an improved execution momentum that we have been seeing in all these projects, we 
believe that Ganesh Housing is well positioned for steady and sustainable value creation in 
coming to the coming years. That's what I can thank you for the interest, and see you again soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
