 
Birla Corporation Limited 
Corporate Office: 
1, Shakespeare Sarani, 
A.C. Market (2nd Floor), Kolkata 700 071 
P: 033 6603 3300-02 
F: +91 332288 4426 
E: Coordinator@birlacorp.com 
 
 
Registered Office: Birla Building, 9/1 R. N. Mukherjee Road, Kolkata-700001 | CIN: L01132WB1919PLC003334 | | www.birlacorporation.com| 
P: 033 6616 6745/6826; +91 33 2248 2872/7983 
 
3rd February, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500335 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: BIRLACORPN 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub: Transcript of the investors/analyst conference call on the Unaudited 
Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2025 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find attached the transcript of the investors/analyst conference call held on 31st 
January, 2026 at 04.07 P.M. (IST) on the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2025. The 
event concluded at 04.59 P.M. (IST) on 31st January, 2026. 
 
A 
copy 
of 
the 
same 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
https://birlacorporation.com/earnings-call-transcript.html.  
 
This is for your information and record.  
 
Thanking you,                                                                                    
 
Yours faithfully, 
For BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
 
 
(MANOJ KUMAR MEHTA) 
Company Secretary & Legal Head  
 
Encl: As above 
MANOJ 
MEHTA
Digitally signed 
by MANOJ 
MEHTA 
Date: 
2026.02.03 
15:13:12 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Birla Corporation Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 31, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANDIP GHOSE – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – BIRLA CORPORATION 
LIMITED 
MR. ADITYA SARAOGI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. RAJAT KUMAR PRUSTY – CHIEF OF 
MANUFACTURING AND PROJECTS – BIRLA 
CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. KALIDAS PRAMANIK – CHIEF MARKETING 
OFFICER – BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. NITESH SONI – GENERAL MANAGER (FINANCE & 
ACCOUNTS)– BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. MANOJ KUMAR MEHTA – COMPANY SECRETARY 
AND LEGAL HEAD – BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP ASRANI – CHIEF OF STAFF, MANAGING 
DIRECTOR'S OFFICE – BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJESH KUMAR RAVI – HDFC SECURITIES 
 
 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
January 31, 2026 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Birla Corp Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call, hosted by HDFC Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajesh Kumar Ravi from HDFC Securities. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi: 
Thank you, Rayo. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of HDFC Securities, I welcome all of you 
to the Q3 9 months FY '26 Earnings Call of Birla Corporation Limited. From the Birla Corp, we 
are hosting Mr. Sandip Ghose, MD and CEO; Mr. Aditya Saraogi, Group CFO; and along with 
other senior members of the team.  
I now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks, which will be followed 
by Q&A. Over to you, Sandip, sir. 
Sandip Ghose: 
Very good afternoon, everyone. And since we are speaking for the first time in the new year, 
although late, but a Happy New Year to all of you. Thank you so much for joining in such large 
numbers on a Saturday afternoon. I understand that all of you will be in a rush to go back home 
for the weekend because tomorrow, anyway, it's also a working day for you with the budget. So 
we will try to keep the call short and not stretch it further. 
This quarter has been a quarter, as we all know, of mixed results, mixed outcome, mixed 
expectations or contrary to expectations and etcetera. So it's a bit of mixed sentiments when we 
are speaking here. What I'd like to emphasize before -- I think the figures are before you, the 
press release is before you.  
A couple of points is what I would like to emphasize before handing it over to my colleagues 
who are present here, Mr. Aditya Saraogi, our Group CFO. I have Nitin Soni, he is our Deputy 
Treasurer. Mr. Manoj Mehta, our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer; Mr. Kalidas 
Pramanik, who is our Chief Marketing Officer. You would have noted Mr. Pramanik's 
appointment has been extended by 2 more years.  
He was otherwise due to retire as per age and rules this quarter, but the Board has extended him 
for 2 more years. And Mr. Rajat Prusty, our CMOP, Chief Manufacturing and Projects. So we 
are -- all of us are here. So they will take on the questions. I also have Mr. Sandeep Asrani, who 
is my Head of -- Chief of Staff of the MD's office. So they will take specific questions.  
I would like to emphasize on two things. Birla Corporation, you would have noticed and those 
who are following the company for a long time, we have always tried to stay on course of a 
strategy irrespective of market fluctuations or changes in the market because we believe we have 
a certain proven strategy, which has worked for us, and that is working for also our stakeholders. 
So we try to remain as steady or on course on that strategy.  
And what is that strategy at the core of reputation? We have limited capacity. So we want to use 
-- maximize our capacity utilization over there. We want to focus primarily on the trade segment, 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
January 31, 2026 
Page 3 of 16 
 
and that is B2C. We want to also focus on blended cement, which is environment-friendly 
cement. And we will -- given our situation, we will focus continuously on cost reduction, 
increasing efficiencies, including lead distance, our go-to-market strategy, distribution and 
building of brands.  
And building of brands will get translated not just by our volume of our premium products, but 
also overall improving the net realization. We are a company because we have limited or clinker 
limited this thing. We always measure our sales, not in terms of realization for us, in fact, 
realization comes very secondary. What we look at is clinker realization. Per tonne of clinker, 
where am I getting the maximum realization?  
And therefore, this is a function of product mix, geo mix that is in terms of distance and product 
mix would, of course, imply the premium product versus popular product, but not necessarily 
premium product may not give you the maximum clinker realization in all markets.  
If we are able to sell more of popular product, if we don't want to vacate a market which is close 
to our factory, etcetera, where there is a demand for popular product because that will give us a 
higher clinker realization. So we look at this very carefully, and we have found that this gives 
us dividend in terms of results in any situation. 
So therefore, you'll find that in the last quarter, when we analyze volumes, we see many -- not 
only many of our peers, but also the very large players, the volume leaders, they focused a great 
deal on non-trade or infra sales. Some people have gone up to sell almost 50% of their volumes 
during that quarter and certain months in non-trade sales, whereas we consciously stuck to our 
strategy of focusing on trade and blended cement.  
As a result, our percentage of trade sales has grown during this quarter in terms of proportion, 
percentage of blended cement has grown and our percentage of premium cement has also grown. 
So if you see our results, it is a function of this strategy. I'm not going to comment as to whether 
you see our results in what light, whether it's favorable or how do you see with your -- but 
whatever we have delivered, we have been able to deliver because of this strategy. 
Our capacity utilization also, we have kept at our peak, including our Mukutban plant, which 
was a matter of concern for many of you for a long time. Mukutban plant has now is performing 
absolutely beautifully in a thing and happy to share if I may, because today, we have -- in this 
month, we have made the highest ever dispatch from Mukutban over there. So that ramping up, 
which has been done about which many people were skeptical.  
Many people had raised doubts, and we have been able to do that. And most importantly, we 
have been able to do that over there in that market with a large share of premium products and 
even in the high category of OPC-53, which wherever it's relevant because in that market, we 
have been able to sell that. So that has been our strategy, and that has really been what you -- 
what you're seeing in terms of results. 
So this is primarily the point which I would like to emphasize. There is -- in terms of logistics, 
there is -- we have reduced lead distance. In fact, our lead distance is today 328 kilometers, 
which you all know is better than many large players who have a higher proportion of grinding 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
January 31, 2026 
Page 4 of 16 
 
units for themselves. Our grinding unit to main plant ratio, integrated plant ratio is lower than 
many people.  
But despite that, our lead distance has actually -- is actually lower than many of them, and we 
have been able to further reduce that. We have had one -- specifically, we have had a couple of 
handicaps against which we worked and I'd be upfront in stating that we do not have a grinding 
unit in Bihar. So during the period of Bihar elections, as we all know, rail movement in Bihar 
was hugely impaired because the railways allocated trains for passenger movement in preference 
to goods movement. 
So we not having a grinding unit there, we were handicapped. But at the same time, while the 
handicap has not bothered us so much because the growth which came in Bihar, we see that the 
growth has been primarily on the non-trade sector. And in non-trade, Kali, how much has been 
the growth in December? We have seen 100% growth in Bihar? 
Kalidas Pramanik: 
Bihar is almost 99%. 
Sandip Ghose: 
Bihar, almost 99% growth we have seen as per our estimates has grown in non-trade. So we did 
not participate in that. Whatever material we took there, we've sold it in trade. And so we are 
not unhappy about that. In UP area, there, we have not only maintained our realization, we have 
been able to improve our realization. 
Despite the fact that many of our -- again, our peer group and competition focused heavily into 
non-trade. Some people, as we have seen and you know better, they have sold almost 50% of 
their volumes in non-trade. They have their own reasons. Some of them have got newer plants, 
and they had to do capacity utilization because of incentives, which they get from the state. But 
we stayed again because we believe in our brand, we believe in the long-term benefits of having 
our brands. 
And therefore, we do not want to wear from the strategy and dilute our equity in the market. We 
hold on to that. And as a result, during this period, how we've been able to increase our 
realization higher than others is because our premium prices, we held steady volumes -- 
percentage volume of premium went up. Our premium volume, which has gone up to, what, 
60%, what is the number? 63%, it has gone up to. 
Now if you see the gap between premium and our popular is one thing. But actually because due 
to this whole aberration in the market and huge pressure on non-trade, the general popular 
segment prices went down further. As a result, the delta of our premium brand vis-à-vis the 
popular brand generally in the market, which operate at point in time about INR30 generally that 
even in some places, it went up to INR40 premium.  
As you all know, and this is published information or information in open domain, the trade and 
non-trade prices during this period sometimes has gone up to upwards of INR60 to our estimates, 
we have seen in the market even INR80 difference. And that is where it required a lot of resolve, 
a lot of determination for us not to get swayed, stay with the strategy. And we think, therefore, 
that's paid us result.  

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
January 31, 2026 
Page 5 of 16 
 
We had certain -- where we got affected in terms of our bottom line, apart from the exceptional 
item, which everybody has had to put for the Labor Code. We did have some continuing 
problems in some of our plants. A couple of them were more to do with industrial relations sort 
of problem and external factors. And in our own plant, we have had again, we had some 
breakdowns in one of our plants over there due to which in Madhya Pradesh, due to which some 
of our volume dispatches got constrained. 
So that's taken -- we had to take a hit on that account. But in terms of, as I said, in sales strategy, 
marketing strategy, I am personally very vindicated at the end of incidentally, I finished 3 years 
of my stint as Managing Director. I too was supposed to retire on 31st December, but the 
management has extended. The Board has extended my tenure. So I'm still here. 
Otherwise, I would not have been probably addressing this conference for you. So at the end of 
3 years, the journey which we had embarked on at the beginning of 2023, I personally feel 
vindicated and I say this with some degree of modest satisfaction. Thank you very much. I will 
now pass it on to my colleagues to do a quick wrap up and then open up for questions. Anything 
you want to add? 
We can open it for questions. And as I said, everybody is in a hurry. We have had our Board 
meeting since the morning. All of that, we are also tired, so we will not stretch the call too much. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. 
Shravan Shah: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions, but I understand that you normally don't allow, but request you 
to allow me. First, a couple of data points, which will be helpful to everybody. Mukutban volume 
for this quarter, CC ratio, capex for 9 months, net debt, incentive for third quarter? 
Sandip Ghose: 
Yes, we'll respond to those. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Mukutban volume was 6.3 lakh tonnes was the volume. I don't have the exact CC ratio. It will 
be in the range of 0.6. 
Management: 
0.61. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
0.61. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes. At consol level, CC ratio would be 1.53. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
1.6 actually. 
Shravan Shah: 
1.6. Okay. Got it. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Approximately in that range. 
Sandip Ghose: 
1.58. 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
January 31, 2026 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Rajat Prusty: 
1.58. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Got it. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Capex for 9 months was around INR300 crores. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
And what else? 
Shravan Shah: 
Net debt, incentive? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Incentives in this quarter, we have booked about INR8 crores. 
Sandip Ghose: 
Incentive as you realize is obviously lower because of the GST correction. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Yes, yes. 
Shravan Shah: 
And net debt? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
INR2,550 crores. 
Shravan Shah: 
Right. And KKL cost? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
1.47. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes. Sir, now considering it's good to see that in terms of our both trade and premium volume 
growth, there is a decent growth of 8% and 15% plus. It is only the non-trade, which has actually 
impacted the overall year. So now given that what we understand is non-trade prices have kind 
of gone up, if you can also quantify what we hear is INR15, INR20-odd. So in that scenario, 
now we will still continue with our strategy? 
And how do we now see in terms of the volume growth going forward for this quarter and maybe 
going forward, given the capacity that we will be adding Kundanganj maybe by end of this 
March, 1.4 million tonnes. And the rest will be coming in the FY '27 and '28 and '29. So just 
trying to understand how one can look at the volume growth going forward? 
Sandip Ghose: 
Saket, first of all -- Shravan, first of all, yes, Shravan. Saket is always top of mind because he is 
always there in the questions. He sends questions before the conference, after the conference. 
So sorry for... 
Shravan Shah: 
I thought I will be in your mind? 
Sandip Ghose: 
Of course, you are on my mind, top of mind because each one is in a different way. Now the 
point is, Shravan, we on non-trade, I will tell you, it might sound strange to you. We don't even 
look at non-trade prices. We don't look at non-trade prices because we -- ideally, we will not try 
to sell a single tonne. When we sell in non-trade, if we have to sell something, then we see 
whether it makes sense for us to sell it or not. 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
January 31, 2026 
Page 7 of 16 
 
So whether non-trade has gone up by INR10, INR15 is not of concern to us until we are unable 
to sell the trade volumes. So that is where our focus. That is where our sales team's focus is. And 
we kind of -- if they come -- somebody comes to me with a non-trade proposal, we consider it 
to be -- people hesitate because people will think that we think they are not able to sell trade. 
That's why they are coming to us with non-trade. 
So our strategy is not going to change on trade, non-trade because it can only change if there are 
situation so dramatically happens that by which non-trade prices go higher than trade or 
realization in non-trade is higher than trade, which we don't see happening at least in a 
foreseeable period. Given our capacity constraints, given that we operate almost 100% or 
sometimes 100% plus capacity in some places, non-trade is not at all of concern to us.  
Rest of it is, we are looking at overall growth of 4% to 5%, in line with what industry has done. 
In this quarter, although there is a surge in demand, but it is not an upsurge or it is not like you 
have a very, very buoyant situation this quarter. We are looking at in this quarter with greater 
interest volume, we know will come. 
Again, our situation is slightly different because we are already selling enough. Our focus is to 
see where the prices are. We hope the prices will improve. And in that context, we sometimes 
look at the non-trade to see if non-trade is improving, we hope the trade prices will also go up. 
So that's broadly the strategy, Shravan. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes. Lastly, sir, capex now for full year, last time we said INR800-odd crores. So -- and possible 
for next year, how much one can look at? Because both our expansions, roughly INR4,400 crores 
is the announced capex. So if you can have a broadly how... 
Sandip Ghose: 
Shravan, you know us better. We don't -- we look at the present. That is what we think matters. 
We never talk about. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
On a year-to-year basis, we give a guidance. So for the next year, we will give the guidance in 
the next call. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. So in fourth quarter, how much capex, sir, more? 
Sandip Ghose: 
We already said that you were not paying attention. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
It will be less than the earlier guidance that we have given. Okay. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Pathanjali Srinivasan from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
General doubts I have, like your unit cost of production has gone down quite a bit compared to 
the last year. So some of your initiatives seem to have been working. There is just one doubt I 
have, though, is that our share of premium has gone up. Our share of trade has gone up, but our 
profitability is not reflecting that part because our cost reduction quarter-on-quarter is about 
INR200 from '24 to '25, but EBITDA has gone up by INR160. So what am I missing here? 
Sandip Ghose: 
Essentially, the pricing issue is what you are missing because of Central region, etcetera, prices 
have been depressed. Only area where price was slightly decent was North. And that is about 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
January 31, 2026 
Page 8 of 16 
 
less than 1/3 of our volumes. And Maharashtra also prices were -- are not there. So that's the 
only thing you are missing. So despite our increasing proportion of blended, etcetera, we couldn't 
-- we obviously couldn't make up for... 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Loss in realization. 
Sandip Ghose: 
Loss in realization. And we have said that in some cases, some part, we have also lost a little bit 
in volumes because of issues. So that is what has happened. But aren't you happy overall with 
our -- what realization and the premiumization and our focus on blended? 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Sir, your journey has definitely been very encouraging because you've grown more on trade and 
you've increased share of premium. But I'm just trying to see the -- if it comes through in 
numbers, then I'll be much happier. So that's my... 
Sandip Ghose: 
Just coming through boss. I think the one error you people make is we still and we are not at all 
shy about that. We still have a popular component in our sale. We are premium as our definition 
is much, much higher than anybody else who is talking of premiumization now, certainly in the 
-- our category. But we operate in popular segment and that we would continue to do. 
We don't want to vacate that space. We have got heritage brands there, strong brands, legacy 
brands over there. And we -- as I was explaining earlier, we find in clinker realization in some 
places, we get very good clinker realization in our popular brands. So we don't want to vacate 
that. So we will continue to look at that. 
And so therefore, in a combined way, the problem arises if you were to just simply see us as a 
premium company and compare us with others. But again, the people who are selling premium, 
I don't want to take names who were earlier at a certain level, you will see from the results, you'll 
get an idea of how the -- even the B2C market has moved during this quarter. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Sir this quarter, I'm quite happy with your earnings number, sir. Only thing is the volume, you 
mentioned that there was some bit of challenge in one of the plants. Is there any possibility? Can 
you quantify how much impact in volume terms we would have had because of that? Like how 
much... 
Sandip Ghose: 
We would not like to do that because it's a combination of a lot of things. As I told you, one 
plant, there was a little bit of technical problem. Another place, we had some sort of an IR 
problem. And another place, it was more of logistics-related issues, not logistics issues, but all 
that. So it's a combination, and this is part of the game. So I don't want to separately spell it out. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Harshal Mehta from AMSEC. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Two quick questions from my end. Firstly, on pricing. So what you mentioned that competition 
is intense and price increase might be limited going ahead. So is this across all our operating 
regions? Or is it mainly to do with the central region? 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
January 31, 2026 
Page 9 of 16 
 
That was one. And when do we expect this competitive intensity to ease out? Also, if you can 
just help with how our spot cement prices versus the average of Q3 across all our regions in both 
trade and nontrade. So that was on pricing. And secondly, on market share. 
So in this quarter, like you said, we have lost market share, and that is particularly on the non-
trade side as prices remain weak. So what gives us the confidence that we'll again be able to 
regain our lost market share as prices recover? Yes. 
Sandip Ghose: 
See, first of all, let me start with the market share. I don't see the relevance of market share in 
terms of non-trade. We are not in that space at all. We look at our market share in the trade 
segment and the B2C segment. And there, we don't think we have lost market share. In fact, we 
would have improved market share in certain places by a couple of basis points. 
And that is what we focus on because our concerns are very different. Some people have set up 
newer capacity. They're operating at a very low CU. I'm operating at 100% CU, capacity 
utilization level, somebody who is operating at 55%, 60%. They will sell non-trade because if 
they have set up also units where basis of incentive, they would like to sell more and get it. 
As a result, that's why you have seen how non-trade prices shrank in the last quarter. So we are 
not in that game. And we are not even worried about -- as I said, I'll be very happy if my market 
share in non-trade is 0 and I'm selling everything in trade. So it's not -- so that's not the game 
which we are in, and we are looking at purely on market share. So therefore, I was seeing some 
of the commentaries of other analysts who have written about market share loss, etcetera. 
Sorry, we don't see market share in that view. We think the relevance of market share is 
essentially in the B2C. And I come from an FMCG background. Therefore, for me, that's what 
makes sense. You never look at industrial sales, etcetera, and think of market share there. 
So that's the point. Spot prices, I don't think that will be indicative to say in any specific market. 
We believe that our -- in terms of our -- what we call our premium category, we are not only at 
par, some places, we may be a couple of -- between INR2 to INR5 higher than the top brand in 
that category. By premium, our definition is, frankly, we say the A category player. The second 
player in the A category, our belief is their pricing position is diluted significantly in most key 
markets. 
So there is one player with whom we kind of compare. And from them, we're either at par or, as 
I said, a couple of rupees higher in some markets, maybe even INR5 higher. When you come to 
the popular segment, that's the B category segment, we firmly believe from the general B 
category status, our prices are at least INR10 higher than the B category players in -- where we 
have our heritage brands or legacy brands I'm talking about. Heritage and legacy to be spell it 
out for you, is Samrat in Central zone. In the North zone, it is Chetak. 
These are our heritage brands. We sell some amount of those brands in the Maharashtra region, 
but that's where it is not a heritage brand. That's a popular brand, so I'm not considering there. 
In Maharashtra, our focus is purely on Perfect Plus. We are a small player in the East, that is 
West Bengal. 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
January 31, 2026 
Page 10 of 16 
 
And there, our unique plus has done extremely well. We sell in a very limited geography close 
to our -- we don't want to spread thin. We don't have those volumes. That has done well and 
gives us excellent clinker realization because it's a slag cement, and we are able to do that. To 
reveal a secret, I'll tell you, we -- initially, people had laughed at me when I had said in some of 
these conference calls that we may find it profitable if we have excess clinker in Mukutban to 
bring it all the way to Durgapur. 
We are actually finding that is true even now, okay? So -- and that's partly because our clinker 
cost in Mukutban is very, very competitive, one of the best in the industry. So that's broadly the 
position, how I will answer your question. May not have satisfied you totally, but that's all I can 
reveal at the moment. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Just on the competitive intensity, if you can just help me like when do you expect that to ease 
out? 
Sandip Ghose: 
Come again? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Competitive pressure... 
Harshal Mehta: 
Competitive intensity, when do you expect that to ease out? 
Sandip Ghose: 
Competitive intensity. See, competitive intensity for us, the only area of competitive intensity 
issue is in Central. But Central, again, the competitive intensity, there are two parts to it. We 
were concerned about how the competition is going to take us on in terms of the Trade segment. 
We are finding for whatever reason or the people whom we were expecting, they seem to be 
more concerned about their volumes and the volumes they are trying to get from non-trade. 
We thought they will probably try to get it by deep discounting in the Trade segment, but they 
seem to probably find it better to sell non-trade or they have not been able to penetrate the trade 
market or create their own distribution network so well, acceptance of the brand and their brands 
in those places in the trade network is probably not as good. So they're not getting similar amount 
of traction. So they find it much easier to sell in non-trade. 
So that per se is not affecting us. Really the point of reckoning is I told you without naming 
them, some of the category brands, and we try to be over there and go on consolidating our share 
over there. In terms of competitive intensity, in the North, we are a very small player. We've got 
just 6% or 7% market share there. 
So competitive intensity does not affect us in that way, except for the price levels in the market. 
Similarly in the East. In the Maharashtra, there, again, overall, if you see competitive intensity 
doesn't affect us that much, except in our core market of Vidarbha and Khandesh, that area. Their 
competitive intensity and there has been some changes which have happened over there in recent 
times due to some consolidation factors, brands have changed hands. 
Even existing brands have tried to do some kind of rationalization. They're trying to do brand 
rationalization, etcetera. So those have changed the dynamics in those markets, but that has 
actually worked to our advantage. 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
January 31, 2026 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. 
Prateek Kumar: 
I have a question on your next round of expansion, what are the time lines you're looking at for 
the next round of clinker expansion in your central region? 
Sandip Ghose: 
Essentially, we are looking at, first of all, we have already said the Kundangunj Line-III will 
come on stream in this quarter itself. And then we are looking at Maihar's Line 2, essentially, 
that will be FY '28 is when we are looking at it. And in parallel with that, we will come up our 
grinding, first 2 grinding units. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Gaya and Prayagraj, so that will take our total capacity to 24.2 million tonnes by FY '28. And 
by FY '29, we plan to take this capacity up to 27.6 million tonnes. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Okay. Sorry, is the '28 to '29 bridge of 3 million tonnes? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Sorry. 
Prateek Kumar: 
What is the bridge from 24.2 million tonnes to 27.6 million tonnes? What are the additions there? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
So here, we'll be doubling the capacity at the clinker capacity at Maihar. And together with that, 
we'll put up a split grinding unit in Gaya and Prayagraj in Uttar Pradesh. In Phase 2, we will 
have a further expansion of 1.4 million tonnes. In Phase 1, we'll put 1.4 million tonnes. And 
again in Phase 2 also, we'll put another 1.4 million tonnes in Gaya in Bihar. 
And together with that in northern part, the west part of Western UP, maybe earlier or 
somewhere close by, we intend to put 2 million tonne grinding unit. This is broadly the state of 
24.2 million tonnes and 27.6 million tonnes. 
Sandip Ghose: 
That's the visibility we have, and then we will see, as you know that. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
There might be some tweaking in terms of the location of grinding units, but this is broadly... 
Sandip Ghose: 
Broadly the thing. And we are trying to consolidate our limestone holding. So what you will 
have seen in terms of our mines acquisition, etcetera. So that's where our focus lies. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Sir, just clarity on clinker. So clinker and expansion of these all grinding units is in FY '29, not 
FY '28. That's what you said? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
By '28, the increase in capacity will be 4.2 million tonnes. And by FY '29, we'll have another 
3.4 million tonnes. So at the end of FY '28, the capacity will be increased from 20 million tonnes 
to 24.2 million tonnes. And by FY '29, it will be increased from 24.2 million tonnes to 27.6 
million tonnes. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Sure. One other question is on recently some mine in Rajasthan got canceled or delayed. Can 
you elaborate on that? That was my last question. 
Sandip Ghose: 
We are examining that. That has happened, but we are examining the decision, and we don't 
want to comment on it just now. 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
January 31, 2026 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Aditya Saraogi: 
We are looking at various options, including the legal options. 
Sandip Ghose: 
Yes. If we have to pursue a legal option, we will see because we don't see clearly any justification 
for because this was not that we are the only bidders who got it. There's multiple bidders who 
after bidding, they escort. Because we got that, we did not bid for some of the other mines, which 
had come out up in the neighbourhood. 
So we don't think it has been a very equitable decision. We are examining options, as Mr. Saraogi 
said. And we'll have -- you'll probably have an answer in that in the coming few weeks. 
Prateek Kumar: 
And this mine was towards expansion at the Rajasthan plant or just extension of life of the 
business. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Expansion. 
Sandip Ghose: 
New plant, Jaisalmer. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
New plant in Jaisalmer. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Raghav Maheshwari from Equirus Securities. 
Raghav Maheshwari: 
Just one thing, what is the time line we are looking for Kundanganj Line 2 commissioning? 
Earlier, I think you guided for this quarter end. 
Sandip Ghose: 
Yes, we said that, Raghav. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Within this quarter... 
Sandip Ghose: 
Within this quarter, Kundanganj Line-III. We said that earlier, you probably missed it that we'll 
be doing it this quarter. 
Raghav Maheshwari: 
And sir, just one thing on realization side, what's my reading? Firstly, on the congratulations on 
great set of a trade percentage and the premium product side. But sir, just wanted to understand 
one thing, despite being the highest trade channel and highest one of a premium product mix 
into the category of overall sale, our EBITDA per tonne is still lower in the terms of a B category 
size of player. Is it despite our base price -- base product price is a very low realization or our 
premium product is realigned with the base price or base product price of some...? 
Sandip Ghose: 
We don't align our premium product price with the base product. We try and peg it with the 
market, okay? In fact, that is our clear this thing. There is no one -- our sales team, nobody 
speaks of our base product plus X or premium minus X, etcetera. So that is not there. It's a 
function of a couple of things. You see we have got a -- you will realize our cost, we've got 
certain disparities.  
We've got legacy plants, we've got new plants. New plants, the costs are very competitive. 
Legacy plants, the costs are much higher. So the average cost changes and some of the legacy -
- the new plants may not be as proximate to the market. To be very clear, say Satna is much 
closer to UP. Maihar, though the costs are much better, Maihar is further down. 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
January 31, 2026 
Page 13 of 16 
 
So it takes -- there is an additional component we have to -- so those -- there are the cost elements 
which come in. And then when you look at it overall, it's a weighted average. So in the weighted 
average situation, it's a known fact. Again, other competitors have also commented Central 
region price has been the most challenged or tight as opposed to what North has been. So our 
presence in North is less. 
Even whatever presence we have, our Northern plant, all of you know that because of certain 
reason, our costs are high, so we would not be making that kind of margin with some others will 
be making newer plants. And so some of them in terms of their thing when you are talking of I 
don't know who you meant in terms of B category players. 
Some of the players who have -- I would think you are talking about they have got very new 
plants located in places. So their cost of production would be lower. They have also have 
advantage of incentive, which we don't have today. So they are even selling OPC at an incentive, 
okay? And getting incentive on OPC. 
So that's the reason why INR60, INR80 price difference came up because they could undercut 
prices because they had an incentive package in those states. So those are all kind of factors, but 
we know we have limitations in our EBITDA, and we are working consciously to that on 
multiple fronts to see how do we take our EBITDA to the level which we had earlier indicated 
the guidance which we had given. 
But due to circumstances beyond our control, there has been a slide even from you'll see last 
quarter of previous fiscal to now. And for reasons all of us know, that's how the market and 
everything has moved. But we are working, therefore, on every front. We know we have a 
limitation in size, limitation in capacity. So we'll have to squeeze the lemon from all directions, 
which we are doing. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, in the earlier press releases also, we had mentioned about our foray into the RMC business 
and its contribution to rise going ahead. So what's correctly the thought process? And sir, you 
have mentioned about pricing for the Central market and the Northern market, how have prices 
behaved in the Eastern market? Because I think some capacity additions have happened there 
also. 
Sandip Ghose: 
You are sitting in Calcutta, Saket, you should -- we are a very small player here. You should tell 
me about the pricing in Eastern market and what is happening. You have a better sense of the 
market. We are a very small player. We have a very good clinker realization here because we 
have a good brand, small brand, but a good brand, and we sell in a limited geography. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
We mostly sell PSC, slag cement. 
Sandip Ghose: 
Slag cement, mostly slag cement and that too in the proximity of our plant. So that is fine. We 
really -- we don't even think of the big players because they are far too big for us in this region, 
whether you talk of Dalmia, UltraTech, Adani, we are just a drop in the ocean for them. So we 
float as the market goes and try to maximize our realization. So that's as far as East is concerned. 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
January 31, 2026 
Page 14 of 16 
 
I don't know what more to add in terms of Central and North. That's we have already covered. 
And on RMC, as we have said, we are making -- it's still not a big ticket item for us. We are 
making steady progress. We are -- I think today, we have -- we are focusing on the areas we are 
trying to clearly see brand synergies and our market presence. 
So far, we are progressing only in UP. I think we are on the fifth plant, if I'm not mistaken, in 
RMC. No, 3 have happened, Varanasi and Gorakhpur is going to happen now. Varanasi, I think, 
is almost done. So it's a small thing. We are just testing the waters because we know a lot of big 
people have burned their fingers burned. 
And we don't have -- some people have the strategy because again, they have additional volume, 
they want to utilize their cement through RMC. We don't have any such thing. In fact, in some 
times my RMC business head finds it cheaper to buy other people's cement and talk to Mr. 
Pramanik. Mr. Pramanik is very tight-fisted. 
So very often, he is able to get OPC. And we don't make OPC or if we help it, we don't want to 
make OPC. They get OPC from outside. So our -- it's still early days. We are figuring out our 
strategy, and we would like to move cautiously there in the market. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And sir, with Kundangunj line being commercialized for Q4, last year, Q4, we did volume 
of 5.25 and taking into account how the -- what the strength you have spoken about the uptake 
in the volume for January also, does the 5.25 number looks good, the base looks good for us to 
report growth on this number? 
Sandip Ghose: 
We have talked of 3% to 4% growth. We will do that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, for 9 months, we have already done that. So I was just looking at Q4. 
Sandip Ghose: 
This quarter also, we are not really setting up too much of Kundangunj capacity will come by 
juggling around where we are grinding, etcetera. So that is what we'll do. We have model and 
we are giving up, as you saw, we are not running after volumes in non-trade, etcetera. What will 
happen? Instead of 4%-5%, if it is 5.5%, what difference does it make? Why split hair on that? 
Saket Kapoor: 
And lastly, sir, on the jute part... 
Sandip Ghose: 
You can't add question. You can't go on adding questions, Saket. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, sir, if you allow, then last question on jute and I will then... 
Sandip Ghose: 
Whatever we wanted to say, we already said it, that also you are sitting in Calcutta. You know 
the jute market… 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Maybe it is a small portion? 
Sandip Ghose: 
Very tiny portion of our – INR2.5 crores impact on the bottom line. Why do you want to take 
other people's time on that? 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
January 31, 2026 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Shravan Shah: 
Sir… 
Sandip Ghose: 
Shravan, you just cannot have a second innings. You asked the maximum number of questions 
and we are most forthright to give you all the answers. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes. Sir, it was kind of a data point, which is, I think, relevant for everybody. So they are just 
only the data points. So actually after the call we normally don't get a chance to any data points. 
So basic, just historically, maybe FY '24, '25 or maybe 9 months KKL per kg and power units, 
which normally is 65, 66, whatever. 
So what is the number for us and KKL per kg, which is 720, 730, whatever, so broader and the 
power cost. So why I'm asking is just trying to understand that green share, once it increases 
further, how one can see that the power cost can come down? 
Sandip Ghose: 
We will tell all that later... 
Aditya Saraogi: 
We don't give such granular details -- no one does... 
Sandip Ghose: 
Such a granular thing. Okay. We'll keep it. Thank you, Shravan. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Rajesh Kumar Ravi from HDFC Securities. 
Sandip Ghose: 
I don't see his name in the queue. Rajesh, your name is not in the queue. How are you coming 
in from backdoor entry? 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi: 
Sir, just wanted to know on this capex spread, which you talked about this Maihar clinker and 
the other grinding unit. So tentatively, obviously, we'll be taking the capex FY '27 onwards. So 
what is the total project cost and how much we have already incurred, if any, of these projects? 
And any broad ballpark number, how would that be split between 2 to 3 years? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
See, overall project cost is around INR4,750 crores, including GST. Net of GST, it is about 
INR4,200 crores. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi: 
Okay. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
And we can't give you year wise split at this juncture. Maybe in the next conference call, we can 
give you an indication of how much capex we are going to incur in the next financial year and 
remaining of course, you can derive from there. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi: 
Sure, sure. And this fuel cost this quarter has gone up, right, Q3 versus Q2 marginally. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
It has come down. I think it was around INR1.5, it has come down to INR1.47. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi: 
INR1.47. Okay. And what is the trend you're looking at in Q4? And what is your fuel mix 
broadly? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
It may increase marginally. So at this juncture, we are looking at INR1.5 per 1,000 kilo in Q4. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi: 
Okay. And fuel mix, sir, between pet coke linkage and imported coal? 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
January 31, 2026 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Aditya Saraogi: 
About 30% is pet coke and imported coal and 70% is domestic/indigenous. 
Sandip Ghose: 
Thank you very much. So we'll close it now. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, that was the last question. Would you like to give any closing comments? 
Sandip Ghose: 
No, nothing. Thank you very much for joining us on a Saturday afternoon. Let's all hope for a 
very good budget tomorrow. And we hope the international markets also are -- there is less 
volatility for various reasons, which will help us all to plan our year better. Thank you once 
again, and once more, all the best for 2026. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of HDFC Securities, that concludes the conference. Thank you 
for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
