 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
Registered Office: 7th Floor, Eleven West Panchshil, Survey No 25, Near PAN Card Club Road, Baner, Pune 411 069, Maharashtra, India 
T: +91 20 6828 1200   |  www.sudarshan.com  |  CIN: L24119PN1951PLC008409 
19th February, 2026
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Scrip Code – 506655 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Symbol - SUDARSCHEM 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,
Sub : Transcript of Analysts / Institutional Investors Conference Call 
 
We 
are 
enclosing 
herewith 
transcript 
of 
the 
conference 
call 
with     
Analysts / Institutional Investors, which took place on Friday, 13th February, 2026, after 
announcement of the Unaudited Financial Results (Stand-alone and Consolidated) for the 
quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2025.  
 
The said transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully,  
For SUDARSHAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MANDAR VELANKAR 
GENERAL COUNSEL AND COMPANY SECRETARY
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mandar 
Meenanath 
Velankar
Digitally signed by 
Mandar Meenanath 
Velankar 
Date: 2026.02.19 
17:02:50 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH RATHI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR  
MR. NILKANTH NATU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. AMEY ATHALYE – GENERAL MANAGER – 
FINANCE  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NITESH DHOOT – ANAND RATHI SHARES AND 
STOCK BROKERS 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited Q3  
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitesh Dhoot from Anand Rathi Shares and 
Stock Brokers. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Dhoot. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Anand Rathi Institutional Equities, I would 
like to thank the management of Sudarshan Chemical Industries for giving us the opportunity to 
host their Q3 and 9 months FY '26 earnings conference call. From the management team of 
Sudarshan, we have with us today Mr. Rajesh Rathi, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
Nilkanth Natu, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Amey Athalye, General Manager, Finance. 
 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks, post which we'll open the forum for an interactive question-and-answer session. Thank 
you, and over to you, team. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Thank you. This is Rajesh Rathi. Thank you, Anand Rathi and Nitesh Dhoot for hosting our call. 
We are looking forward to a very active participation in today's call. And with this, I would like 
to start our presentation. I would just like to reflect on and remind everyone that we completed 
the acquisition of Heubach's global business, which included Clariant's pigment business. 
 
 Just to remind everyone, Heubach legacy plus Clariant were among the top 2 global players 
with a legacy of more than 200 years. Sudarshan, on the other hand, was the fastest-growing 
pigment organization with customer centricity at its heart and agility. Our whole endeavour is 
that this new Sudarshan would be a global value-adding pigment leader, rooted with customer 
centricity and agility and innovation coming from Heubach.  
So, we are combining this in creating a new pigment global leader. And it's a very exciting 
journey what we are embarking on. Altogether, we have 19 manufacturing facilities in 11 
countries and 5 continents. This is a major differentiator for us in the marketplace and 55% of 
our manufacturing footprint is in Asia, which makes us quite competitive.  
We have the broadest product portfolio in the industry. And with this new One Sudarshan, we 
are serving new markets like cell phone markets, digital inks, personal care in a much larger 
way. Very exciting product portfolio and the markets we are serving. 
 
With this, I would like to give you some update on our integration. To remind everyone, we've 
completed 11 months into the integration. We've made very good progress. The first thing we 
wanted to create was customer confidence and customer centricity was our main theme there. 
 
We've done a lot in this region. We've gained back the trust of customers. We've improved our 
customer service. Example, we've created customer service teams locally in each country. We've 
rebuilt our technical marketing organization. We carried high stocks for a long time to ensure 
that we are able to serve the customers well. 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
We did not want them to experience any issues in supplies so that it builds back the trust. And 
that's gone a long way with us.? Second, very important aspect was value capture. And we've 
been working very intensely, and this was our thesis of -- the second thesis where we wanted to 
look at how we can turn around this business. 
So, we've been working on multiple work streams across operations, procurement, organization, 
IT and fixed cost and the implementation is going very well. We already have captured INR40 
crores of this which we have realized in our Q3, if you compare it to Q1 and we also have a very 
healthy pipeline going forward. 
 
In parallel, if you look to our value capture efforts, we are improving the setup of the operating 
model of One Sudarshan. One big initiative is creating a global capability center where we plan 
to shift not only the back office, but also create some capability roles here and use digital 
innovation to even improve our response time to customer, become more productive.  
This initiative is going to be very important, and I'm glad to tell you that we have inaugurated 
our GCC on February 4 and we will now be ramping up in the next1 year this operations Again, 
very important, creating that one culture. As we are present in multiple geographies, multiple 
legacies and it is very important to kind of create this one culture of Sudarshan. 
And we've aligned more than 90% of our colleagues on purpose, mission, values on living this 
culture. Last not the least, it was very important to harmonize processes and systems. We were 
working on 4 SAPs. And we are progressing very well to harmonize this into 1 SAP by 
December '26. This is a very important initiative. 
 
Again, will create a lot of productivity improvement. As imagined, today, we are dealing -- we 
have to generate 4 different invoices to the customers. And this all will kind of -- once we are 
on 1 SAP, this will all become one transaction, So, again, a great deal of improvement we would 
see there, and this again is progressing very well. Now, jumping into the Q3 performance. 
 
I would say Q3 quarter was a very tough quarter, not just for us, for the specialty chemical 
industry, very tough quarter and especially  we saw big demand issues in Europe and North 
America. Let me talk a little more about it. we saw low demand across our industry and across 
all our industries which we serve.  
This was primarily, if you see the household market, paint market was affected, automotive 
market was affected and that caused some concerns. Most of our customers had very subdued 
performance, and there was a lot of destocking happening.  
But more specifically to us, during the Heubach insolvency time, most of our customers were 
very dependent on Heubach and were insecure about the supply position, and hence created a 
lot of high stocks during that period. Once we started interacting with customers and they started 
gaining confidence, these stocks, they wanted to deplete. 
And their expectation was that they would start buying from this Q4. And we'll talk a little bit 
more when we are talking about the Q4 or what we feel will happen on Q4. The other challenge 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
in the last quarter was also the tariffs. A lot of customers, especially our U.S.-based customers 
had a big challenge, and the buying was a little bit muted there. But, we've got good clarity going 
forward in this. 
 
Talking about a little bit on the numbers. This is a One Sudarshan number, including the Pigment 
and RIECO performance. Our revenues compared to the last quarter were flattish or a slight 
degrowth in the legacy Sudarshan.  This is mainly attributed to the same issues which I 
described. 
 
The acquired groups saw a larger dip mainly on account of destocking by our customers as they 
had high stocks of Heubach-related products. And as One Sudarshan, compared to Q2, Q3 was 
far more subdued. I'll talk a little more on the numbers later. The EBITDA on the acquired group, 
we saw a loss of INR38 crores. 
 
And , due to Labour Code, we had INR46 crores approximately of -- due to the Labour Code we 
had to make for One Sudarshan provision. So, this was the overall performance. The 9-month 
performance, if you see, Sudarshan legacy has been flattish.  
And as One Sudarshan, of course, it's not a comparable thing because the corresponding 9 
months did not have the acquired group. And as I mentioned, our business was flattish compared 
to Q3 given the muted demand. And I'll speak a little more.  
In fact, I would want to deep dive a little more on the acquired group given the performance and  
so if you look at the acquired group only now, I'm going to speak on the acquired group; Q1, we 
reported a profit of INR78 crores, And this is the bridge from INR78 crores to how we reached 
to a negative INR38 crores,? 
 
So, I think there were two areas. One was the selling price variance. Then a huge drop in volume 
and mix, which cost INR116 Crores. But on the positive side, we could reduce cost of employees 
by INR25 crores and other IT costs, insurance and other fixed costs, we could reduce by INR15 
crores. And hence, we ended up at INR38 crores. If our cost reduction efforts were not there, 
our losses could have been INR78 crores. This is the 9-month Pigment performance, again, 
similar area. On RIECO, so if you want, yes, Natuji please take it on. 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Thank you, Mr. Rajesh. On the RIECO performance, the quarter under consideration, we see the 
revenue at INR51 crores compared to INR60 crores last quarter. And on the EBITDA side it is 
marginal negative. But what is positive, if we see it for the 9-month performance, there has been 
a lot of improvement in the EBITDA compared to the last year, negative INR20 crores to the 
current year 9 months performance of INR4.2 crores. 
 
Couple of initiatives which we are started in the RIECO business. One is the transformation of 
the business and fixed cost to improve as well as the strict monitoring of the project cost is 
helping us to regain the EBITDA. We expect that quarter 4 for this business to be good and this 
will be the turnaround year for the business. Thank you. On the financial ratios side, earnings 
per share EPS before exceptional and not annualized is negative INR1.4 majorly for the 9 
months. 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Earnings per share for the period under review is negative INR1.4 per equity share. We see positive in terms of the net debt to 
equity ratio is at 0.5% and this has been in the similar range for the couple of quarters. And the 
net working capital is at 25.6% and we are focusing on the optimization of net working capitals 
going forward in the coming quarters. thank you. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
With this, we complete the Q3 performance. Wanted to give you an outlook for the business. As 
we described I think Q2 and especially Q3 were very subdued performance, but I'm glad that the 
worst is behind us. And we look forward  and it was an industry issue and one must understand 
that we acquired this business, the transformation was going forward. And at the same, this 
subdued demand and of the industry didn't help us. 
 
So that's -- but I'm glad to tell you that, that worst is  behind us, and we are looking forward to 
a very positive results As I mentioned, customer trust is rebuilt. And they had assured us that 
they will start buying after January, and I'm very glad to tell you that most of the global accounts 
have started buying to the full extent, which was promised, and this is what we've seen in January 
and early Feb.  
We also see good  better signs of little bit of economic recovery. Our integration is progressing 
very well, and we will continue to build a solid One Sudarshan. Our value capture work is going 
very well, and that should really help our profit going forward and working capital 
improvements.  
As I described, due to Q1, we  had come back well, but given the subdued performance of Q2 
and Q3, our EBITDA has been at EUR 6.5 million, but we have a very good positive momentum 
and outlook and I want to clarify here that we expect a EUR 9 million to EUR 10 million of a 
business EBITDA. 
However, we are in a mode now to start because we've rebuilt some of our supply chain 
processes and we've understood what the customer demand is, we want to start reducing our 
inventories now, especially the finished goods inventories. And that would have an impact on 
our EBITDA going forward, but it will have a very positive impact on cash flow, and that's the 
right business decision going forward. 
 
In the coming -- I will talk a little bit more on this so that I clarify. What we mean is business 
EBITDA is the operating profit from actual sales without the impact of inventory change, and 
especially the inventory change at manufacturing locations. And I'll clarify what I mean here. 
The reported EBITDA, we are talking about operating profit from actual sales with the impact 
of inventory change at manufacturing sites. 
Our target in the next three quarters is to reduce our inventory in the range of EUR 30 million 
to EUR 40 million. This is business positive as it will generate higher operating cash while 
reducing finished goods inventory. However, like I said, temporary, we anticipate that this will 
lead to a reduction in reported EBITDA.  
 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
The balance sheet impact, as you can imagine, this will reduce the working capital, generate 
operating cash flow at the current run rate of sales. This will have a positive impact on the 
balance sheet and net debt level will be lower. However, on the P&L, rationalization of 
production volume in the coming quarters is likely to have an impact on the reported EBITDA 
due to the release of capitalized overhead or inventorized overhead in the range of EUR 9 million 
to EUR 12 million. 
 
And this would happen in the next three quarters. This will be a short-term impact. On an 
annualized basis, this should get normalized. So, I think to summarize on the balance sheet, we 
will be able to reduce the inventory to the range of EUR 30 million to EUR 40 million, which 
will have a very significant positive impact on our balance sheet, improved position of net debt.  
However, on the P&L, there could be EUR 9 million to EUR 10 million of this, mainly due to 
the overhead absorption.   We just to remind everyone –that we took over this business, which 
was not doing very well, and we needed some time to transform it.  
So, I would have loved that we did this much faster, but there are some realities and that's what's 
happening, given the market conditions. This has been a little slower than where we wanted to 
reach, but we must remind ourselves that Sudarshan is now one of the largest pigment players 
in the world.  
We have the widest product portfolio. There are industry tailwinds which are supporting us. We 
are structurally advantaged with our global footprint. As I mentioned, 55% of our manufacturing 
footprint is based out of Asia, which is a big advantage for us compared to any of our global 
competitor and our EBITDA performance is heading in the right directions as synergies are 
slowly coming together.  
With this, we would be open to taking any questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So, this is Sanjesh Jain. I'm from ICICI Securities. So, a couple of questions from my side. First, 
on the cost side, now that there is a sharp rise in the benzene prices, and we have seen in the 
earlier avatar of Sudarshan, just wanted to understand how a merged entity looks like. The price 
hike used to take a quarter or two before we get the full benefit on our P&L, and that used to put 
a temporary pressure on margin? 
 
Now that there is a sharp increase from the low end of the benzene derivative now, how do you 
see cost pressure panning out, say, in a quarter -- next quarter or a quarter after that? That's my 
first question. Second question on the inventory that we are trying to liquidate now, generate 
more cash and have a better or a lighter position? 
I thought this should have started immediately post the merger, at least at our end, I can 
understand customer being a little skeptic on the continuity part. But from the Sudarshan 
perspective, we should have embarked on this earlier. Why now? Why two quarters of delay, 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
we were looking  we are looking to completely acquire, stabilize operation and only then go for 
a liquidation of inventory from a BCP perspective, and now we are more confident in doing that. 
Is that the right way to see? These are my initial two questions? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Thank you so much Mr. Jain. Great questions. I think the first one is on the benzene side, we do 
-- on certain raw materials, we do see increases. But I think we are well covered on the raw 
materials, and we should not see any impact on Q4. Secondly, with our larger portfolio, our 
dependency, the impact which could have, especially if you refer to benzene would be quite 
miniscule. 
So, in general, we don't see this. The number two question is very important strategically. As 
you may recall, our most important aspect was to build customer trust. At the same time, all our 
supply chain processes were broken. We had to implement a common supply chain planning 
tool across the 3 legacies. And that has progressed well.  
We had to create a good supply chain organization. And until we had that confidence that we 
will be able to deliver as per customers' expectation, we did not want to start reducing inventories 
because that would have disrupted our building the customer confidence.  
One of the most pain area for them in the last 3 years was a complete disruption on  supplies. 
And I'm very glad to tell you that our strategy has worked well. The first 9 months has created 
a very good confidence with the customers. We have built some of our processes, though we 
have to do some more work, but we now feel confident that we can start reducing inventories. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
That's clear. Follow-up question on the demand side. Now that this quarter has been quite 
subdued, and we appear to be more confident for Q4. From the time we started on the EBITDA 
side, we started with EUR 38 million on the anticipation and now we are three quarters down 
the line staying at $16 million, how do we remain confident of profitability being maintained 
and improved from here? And number two, on the demand side, what is giving us the 
confidence? Is there an order backlog or an order book which we are sitting on?  
Moderator: 
Sanjesh, sorry to interrupt you, we are losing your audio. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
But can get my question or you want me to repeat it? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
I got your question. So, I think the first thing -- I think your first question was on what is our 
confidence on the demand. Our confidence on the demand is, as I mentioned, the customers 
promised that they would start buying after January, and we are seeing that already in January 
and early February, as I mentioned. So, that gives us the confidence that Q4 demand is coming 
back. 
Basically, structurally, why we are confident about delivering our long-term target is, none of 
our thesis remains strong. We are working on the value capture. We built customer trust. And if 
the market -- we didn't have as much of market issues, we would have been able to deliver a 
better number, and that gives us the confidence for the long-term. 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chetan Cholera. 
Chetan Cholera: 
I'm Chetan Cholera from Pragya Equities. See, as a promoter, your current stake stands 
approximately 8.19%, which is notably low. Could you share your thoughts on this holding 
level? Any plans to increase it or how it aligns with your company's long-term strategy? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
We've transformed Sudarshan into more of a, I would say, professionally driven organization 
and our shareholding is quite substantial. The Rathi family owns substantial shareholding, and 
they will continue supporting us. We have several good strategic investors, I would say, 
investors who are long-term. I think from my perspective, I have warrants, which will come and 
that will help to increase my share. 
Chetan Cholera: 
Yes. My second question is, what's your long-term strategy of whole Heubach operation? Is 
there any plan to merge or hive off some of the operation or divest some of the operation? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Whatever manufacturing footprint changes we wanted to bring in, we have already brought those 
changes.  Frankfurt was to be rightsized, which has been done. And that production is already 
transferred into India. We don't see any need to further -- I mean, there will be tactical but no 
major product changes in manufacturing.. 
Chetan Cholera: 
Yes. Your thought on EU, USA trade deals and what kind of advantages we will have because 
of it? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
In the short term, there will not be any immediate impact given that it would take at least 10 to 
12 months until the agreement gets ratified by EU and India before the actual enforcement. We 
will continue to closely track developments to assess the implications and accordingly reevaluate 
our approach as required. Our global production footprint allows flexibility to respond as the 
market and policy conditions evolve. And that's where I think it's -- we are very keenly looking 
at how this India-EU FTA shapes up. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Jignesh Kamani. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Hi, Jignesh Kamani from Nippon Mutual Fund. Just on the seasonality on Heubach. So, we have 
only just three quarter number of the Heubach. So just can you help understand about the 
seasonality part, if you take it from first quarter to third quarter, it looks like revenue has declined 
by 20%. So out of that, how much is because of the seasonality element and how much is because 
of the weak demand? And -- so out of say, if you take 100 as a base for full year, generally how 
the seasonality pattern happened between 1Q 2Q, 3Q and 4Q? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, Jignesh ji, thank you. I think most of -- when you see the subdued performance today 
compared to Q1 to Q3, it is primarily driven that of destocking and  so we won't see such a strong 
-- going forward, this is not a seasonality effect. Of course, as we've now become more global, 
the seasonality, December -- generally,  I would say, at least last 10 days of the month, 
everything is closed.  

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
And so that's the impact we see the 10 days in the 120 days where we see that demand, especially 
in Europe and LatAm. So -- but the current performance which you're seeing is largely -- it won't 
be that drastic. Though Q3 would be our weakest quarter, it won't be that drastic. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Understood. And second question on the fixed cost structure. So, if I assume that 45% is a gross 
margin. So if you take first quarter where we did close to around INR78 crores kind of EBITDA 
on the revenue base of INR1,880 crores, roughly around X of raw material, our overhead cost, 
including fixed and variable was roughly around INR950 crores to INR1,000-odd crores at the 
Heubach level? 
 
So, when you mentioned that INR45 crores kind of -- INR40 crores kind of saving you achieved 
in last 2 quarters, it's just 4% of the total overhead cost, both fixed and variable. So, it looks 
slightly on the lower side considering that you mentioned that there's a large amount of the 
overhead cost and everything and which there is optionality available on the realization part? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So Jignesh ji, if you look at our cost, if you look at our pipeline of value capture, that is very 
strong. However, for it to hit the EBITDA, we need some time. Because please remember that 
it's not even 10 months that we've taken over this asset. and for us to start looking at some areas, 
it does take time. And of course, we are dealing with very stringent countries where the labor 
law is difficult, some of the other costs, which takes time. So, from that perspective, the pipeline 
is larger, but the impact on P&L takes some time to come in. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Sure. And my last question on -- say, if you take over this INR4,000-odd crores annual fixed -- 
annual cost ex of the raw material, how much proportion is the fixed cost and how much is 
variable? Because even a slight drop in revenue will -- if fixed cost component is very high, then 
volatility in EBITDA will be much sharper because of the higher element of fixed cost, at least 
till the time our cost saving, I can say, benefit will flow to the P&L? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, one of the challenges, and that's where I think we are focusing on fixed cost reduction, the 
acquired group, the manufacturing cost -- fixed cost is very high compared to the variable cost, 
and if you look at legacy Sudarshan, the variable cost is high, the fixed cost is low. And that's 
why any dip in demand causes a much larger impact on the EBITDA on the acquired. And that's 
the area we are working on. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Gagan Dixit. 
Gagan Dixit: 
This is Gagan Dixit from Elara Securities. Sir, so, till now you have achieved INR40 crores 
quarterly rate of the cost saving from the synergy. So, what is your target, I mean, at the end of 
the FY '27 quarter, I mean, the synergy that you want to achieve from it? And is there any 
restructuring cost further need to be incurred in this whole process? That's my first question sir? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, Gagan ji, the entire thesis of what we are looking at the long-term 3- to 4-year target,  where 
we are going to deliver EUR 90 million to EUR 100 million comes a lot from assuming that 
there is normal sales going on comes from cost reduction. And I can tell you that our funnel of 
cost reduction is going in the right direction. So far, the impact was also of the timing so far and 
given the volume was much lower, we could not see that impact on the P&L. 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Gagan Dixit: 
Okay, sir. My second question is, sir your net debt is at consol group level is INR1,153 crores, 
while your finance cost is around INR40 crores. So, it looks like that the rate is very high, more 
than 13% annualized rate looks like. So do you have any plan for the refinancing? That's my 
second question? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Gagan, thanks for the question.. So, in terms of the interest cost, it has 2 elements. One is the 
interest cost on the borrowings, and also, as per the IndAS accounting standard, we also need to 
account for the finance cost on the leases etc. So, if say only the normal run rate of the bank 
finance which we have taken for this acquisition and overall debt level, we are in the range of 
5.75% to 6% as our interest cost. Balance effect is because of the IndAS accounting on the lease 
and the other fair valuation of the acquisition. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rohit Kothari. 
Rohit Kothari: 
Yes. Thank you, Mr. Rathi, for a very elaborate explanation. I would have two questions, 
principally. I saw somewhere in the slide and you're saying that the business EBITDA would be 
roughly EUR 10 million in the quarter to come and probably a little higher in the quarter next? 
 
However, there would be a onetime inventory loss, which would take down the reported 
EBITDA. But is it fair to understand that over the next 2 quarters, the business EBITDA would 
be EUR 10 million and say, EUR 12 million or EUR 13 million, about EUR 25 million, and 
there would be a onetime stock impact, which would take it down to about EUR 7 million or 
EUR 8 million over the next two quarters? 
Second, due to this liquidation, will the entire EUR 40 million lead to a debt reduction? And just 
as a question, January has already gone by, and we are probably in the middle of February. What 
is the confidence of the management to hit EUR 160 million to EUR 165 million of sales from 
our European acquisition? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Rohit ji, great question. So, first of all, I think the confidence level of Q4 is quite high based on 
our performance so far, right, from that perspective. What we are looking at is – Rohit ji, what 
we are looking at is, what you described going forward on the business EBITDA, that's correct.  
And we are looking to reduce EUR 30 million to EUR 40 million of inventory, which would 
translate into cash and reduction in net debt as time progresses. And the impact of that in the 
short term could be EUR 9 million to EUR 12 million, and we must understand that this is only 
because of the overhead allocation. The inventory  is not bad inventory. This is all good 
inventory The only thing what's going to happen is my production volumes are going to be much 
lower than my sales volume, and that's where it gets impacted. Did I answer your question, Rohit 
ji? 
Rohit Kothari: 
Yes. So, what you are saying is once the EUR 30 million, EUR 40 million of stock is sold 
probably from Q2 financial year next, you would normalize your production and sales levels to 
a little higher than what we've seen or what we are seeing in this quarter and the next. And 
correspondingly, both the business EBITDA would go up and there would be pretty less 
inventory losses from Q2 onwards? 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Very well said Rohit, ji. Very well captured. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Atishray Malhan. Kindly introduce yourself and proceed with 
your question. Due to no response, we move on to the next participant. Next question is from 
the line of Rohit Nagraj. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
This is Rohit Nagraj from 360 ONE Capital. Sir, first question is again in terms of the inventory 
liquidation. Is it that we will be selling this inventory at a discount just to make sure that it gets 
adjusted over the next three quarters and a similar -- I mean, adjacent question to that, this quarter 
on the acquired group, we did about INR1,479 crores of sales? 
So, for the next three quarters, would it be just marginal increase given that these inventories 
will be liquidated and there will not be consequent growth from the current levels. So, for the 
next three quarters, is it safe to assume that there will be only marginal growth in terms of the 
acquired group revenues? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, I think answering your second question, there will be sales growth, but we are saying that 
the sales will be from inventory rather than fresh production. So, what we are saying is the 
production volumes will not be in line with what our sales is going to be. This is -- again, to 
clarify, this is all good inventory. So, we are not selling this at any discount or anything. This is 
all good inventory. We are adjusting our supply chain parameters, our planning parameters that 
we can do this. Did I answer your question, Rohit ji. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes. The second question is in terms of the inventory aligned with the customers. So, so 2 
elements to it. Now, last quarter, we had stated that on a sequential basis, we will be having more 
or less a similar kind of performance, but we've seen that performance has materially 
deteriorated. So, did we not have any inkling in terms of how the customer offtake has been? 
 
And second question is that, is there any challenge in terms of the user segment where the 
demand is getting hit and that's why these inventories at the customer levels, they are not being 
liquidated or not being used up. So, 2 parts of the question. One is that whether our understanding 
of the customer inventories was not in line? And second, in terms of industry landscape, are 
there any headwinds in terms of demand or consumption? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
The first question is, we did expect and that's what we've said that Q3 demand would be subdued, 
but we did not expect this to be at that level. The amount of stocks which our customers carried, 
we  did not have –and it was very difficult to estimate how much stock they have. 
And when they'll start buying. So that was  we thought it will be more subdued than Q3, but not 
to the level which it fell. So, from that perspective, that was a learning for us to see what it is, 
but I think most of this is behind us now, because customers have started buying. Could you 
clarify on the second question? 
Rohit Nagraj: 
So, the consumption at the customer end, which remains subdued and because of which we are 
not able to sell the products, is it due to the reason that the user industry consumption where the 
pigments are being used? Is there any demand challenge or consumption challenge? So the 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
industry on a large, whether it is stagnated and there has been some challenge because of which 
the material is not being consumed by the customers? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Yes. So, the demand has been challenging, but this is a short term. This is not a long-term shift,  
I mean people will not stop painting their houses or people will not stop buying cars. But I think 
this was a temporary challenge. And all our customers are facing this temporary challenge. And 
as the economy improves, I'm sure.  
But the amount of dip, it's not -- the customers' demand is not to the level of our performance. 
This was mainly destocking, So, customers' demand is not down by 20%,  That's the big 
difference. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kashyap Pujara. 
Kashyap Pujara: 
I'm Kashyap from Thelme India . I had a couple of questions, and pardon me if it's repetitive. I 
just had a bad network, so might have slipped out. So, firstly, on the legacy Sudarshan business, 
the revenue has been flat in the first 9 months. And historically, this business has grown at close 
to 11% CAGR over long periods of time, bearing a few exceptions in between, though. 
 
So, just one question was that having -- after the Heubach integration, the thought process was 
that some commodity products could be kind of put to India, and that could have, in fact, bumped 
up the India growth. So just curious to understand from you how one should think about the 
legacy Sudarshan business growth rates for the remainder part of FY '26, that is Q4. Do you 
think the softness continues? Or do you think that you are seeing turnaround here? And what are 
the long-term sustainable growth rates for the legacy Sudarshan business? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Kashyap ji, I think the fundamentals of the Sudarshan business remains strong. What we saw is 
one of the -- like one of the exceptional quarters which we've seen in legacy Sudarshan in the 
past, where the industry went through a very bad patch, And that's where our -- even the 
Sudarshan legacy growth was subdued. And that caused this. 
 
Second clarification I would like to give you the Frankfurt products were not transferred to 
Sudarshan legacy, but to the Clariant legacy plant. So that impact wasn't to be seen in Sudarshan 
legacy, but Sudarshan legacy, we have transformed the portfolio, and those thesis of our capex 
still remain intact, and we should see growth returning back -- returning. 
Kashyap Pujara: 
So, from Q4 FY '26, you think we'll be back on that 10%, 11% growth rates of Sudarshan legacy 
business? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
I would not like to give, but I'm saying in the long term, we should be back to 10%, 11%. 
Kashyap Pujara: 
Sure. And just on the Heubach piece, while a lot has been discussed there, the demand that we 
are seeing right now that -- on which you are basing your guidance of, say, EUR 9 million, EUR 
10 million in FY '26, Q4, is it a function of restocking at the customer level that's coming back? 
Or is it that the demand environment has actually picked up? Because I'm just trying to 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
understand whether this is more like a onetime uptick in Q4 as restocking happens? Or is the 
end demand environment gradually turning better? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Like I described,, the demand is subdued, but not to the level we saw our performance. So, the 
customers finished their destocking and they are buying because there is normal probably 
demand there. And -- so it's not going to be just a Q4 effect, but this  we are saying that demand 
is coming back, because the destocking is over and people will start buying normally. 
Kashyap Pujara: 
Understood. And I'm sorry, just one more question. Sir, this 10% margin guidance or on $1 
billion, close to, say, EUR 90 million or EUR 100 million of EBITDA that you're kind of 
guiding. Just how are your thoughts on this? Is it more like a back-ended number or do you think 
that you will be able to kind of build it more linearly in terms of cost optimization, working 
capital initiatives? Would it be like some trickling in '27, '28 or everything kind of trickles in 
more towards the end? Just trying to think about how one should build a bridge to 10% or EUR 
100 million EBITDA that you're kind of implying? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
No, absolutely, Kashyap ji. So, I think we would see a gradual improvement in performance and 
a ramp-up. And then there would be a little bit of a upbeat because all our initiatives will be 
completed on cost reduction for the next year. So, the full year benefit you will see towards the 
end. But you will see a gradual improvement.  
Kashyap Pujara: 
Do I have room for one more question? Sorry. 
Moderator: 
Sir, I may request you to come back for a follow-up question. Next question is from the line of 
Atishray Malhan. 
Atishray Malhan: 
I'm Atishray from Abakkus Mutual Fund. Just 2 questions from my side. Firstly, on a 
consolidated basis, what percentage of your employee cost is currently coming from outside of 
Asia and specifically from Europe? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Difficult to answer. But I think if you can ask what's your intention, more than happy to answer 
where we were headed. 
Atishray Malhan: 
No, I'm just trying to ascertain because you had mentioned that about 55% of your manufacturing 
footprint is coming from Asia, right? I'm just trying to get a sense of the employee cost because, 
obviously, that's a big percentage of your overall cost profile now? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Yes. So, I think our aim is to get to 12% to 13% of employee cost in the long run. And that's 
where we are targeting towards gaining. , there's a big setup other than manufacturing even 
outside of India in terms of innovation, the entire technology and a lot of support to the business. 
Atishray Malhan: 
Okay. So just to that point, since Q1, we've been seeing, obviously, there is reductions -- 
sequential reduction in the total employee cost. So, if you could just probably mention how 
you've achieved that? 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Rajesh Rathi: 
As I stated, our org structure design is very lean, and it's a functional organization. Earlier, they 
were BU organization. There was a lot more management out of Europe, which has been 
streamlined. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhruv Muchhal. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Dhruv from HDFC MF. Sir, a question on the legacy business. So, there's some weakness in 
terms of probably the growth has slowed a bit. I'm not sure if -- so the legacy business and the 
acquired business, I'm not sure the portfolio is exactly the same. I mean there's not significant 
overlap?. 
 
So, the weakness that you're seeing in demand, is it a very broad-based industry weakness? 
Because the acquired business, we understand the customers had also acquired a lot of inventory 
and all those. But the weakness that we see in the India business, I mean, the legacy business, 
I'm just trying to understand what can we attribute that to because probably it's not the inventory, 
but is it the general demand weakness across all industries? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Thank you for your question. Great questions, Dhruv. As I mentioned, if you see what Sudarshan 
legacy represents, how the industry has performed, And in the acquired group, you see the 
destocking. What we saw is the first 7 to 8 months a very subdued demand even in the India 
subcontinent, right, which was fairly growing, but we've seen that completely change after 
November. so, the legacy business is completely attributed to the demand slowdown from our 
customers, and this will come back as we go forward. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Got it. Sure. And secondly, again, continuing, we had invested meaningfully in new products, 
new segments in the legacy business. So, if you can provide some comments, how are those 
performing probably in terms of approvals? And also, the margin trend that you're expecting, is 
it -- I mean, at a gross level probably because at operating level, you will be suffering a bit. But 
at the gross margin level, are these products performing as you had expected? Or there is scope 
further to improve on margins on those products also? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
I think the products on the newly invested are performing very well. However, albeit given the 
slowness in demand, we have not seen the volume, but we are still -- so that part has worked. In 
fact, we see a demand much better for that compared to some of our regular products, from that 
perspective. And going forward, we see a great synergy between the acquired group and 
Sudarshan legacy products where we could make some of the base products here and kind of 
look at finishing them in Europe too,  
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Got it. And sir, just to follow up on this. So, the industry weakness that you're seeing -- focusing 
on the legacy business, the industry weakness that you're seeing is not causing a price -- I mean 
this is not probably because of the price action or because of oversupply and causing a price 
action on your products. It is more of genuine demand, I mean, volume uptick. So, it's not a mix 
of volume and price. It's purely volume as of now. And you don't see it moving to price because 
the volumes are coming back? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Yes, absolutely. 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question. I'll now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Thank you. Thank you, Nitesh Dhoot and Anand Rathi Research. Thanks a lot, participants, for 
joining our investor call. As Mr. Rathi mentioned, this has been a subdued quarter, but we see 
the green shoots and we see the improvement in the coming quarters to come, and we are see 
the uptick. We remain confident in our journey going forward. And we thank you for your 
continued support. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited and Anand Rathi 
Shares and Stock Brokers Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect the lines. Thank you. 
 
***** 
