 
 
Page 0 of 19 
 
 
                                                                                                  
 
 
 
 
 
RSWM/SECTT/2026 
17th February 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 500350 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block - G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Scrip Code: RSWM 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, 
12th February 2026. 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Please refer to our Earnings Conference Call, scheduled for Thursday, 12th February 2026, at 4:00 
PM (IST), as intimated in our letter dated 05/02/2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call transcript. The transcript is 
also being made available on the company's website: www.rswm.in 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thank you. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For RSWM LIMITED 
 
 
 
SURENDER GUPTA 
SR. VICE PRESIDENT - LEGAL & COMPANY SECRETARY 
FCS-2615 
 
rswm.investor@lnjbhilwara.com 
 
 
 
 
 
(Formerly Rajasthan Spinning & Weaving Mills Limited) 
Corporate Office: 
Bhilwara Towers, A-12, Sector-1,  
Noida - 201301, NCR-Delhi, India 
Tel: +91-120-4390300 (EPABX) 
Fax: +91-120-4277841 
W: www.rswm.in 
GSTIN: 09AAACR9700M1Z1 
Registered Office: 
Kharigram, Post Office Gulabpura - 311021, 
Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan, India 
Tel: +91-1483-223144 to 223150, 223478 
Fax: +91-1483-223361,223479 
W: www.lnjbhilwara.com 
GSTIN: 08AAACR9700M1Z3 
SURENDER 
KUMAR GUPTA
Digitally signed by SURENDER KUMAR GUPTA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=x9p21cqys5dr4a7bfmzkn38olgvwihjt, 
2.5.4.20=fa101bc7e34068843bd0f43edc483114a2352c3eaff84067
df0d7f3ec75467ee, postalCode=110085, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=ed67f2ee6114f2a4cc297bcfb811f09f26c2dca0c5a9
f9d60f01ff5de3ea735c, cn=SURENDER KUMAR GUPTA 
Date: 2026.02.17 17:57:27 +05'30'

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 1 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RSWM Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Thursday, 12th February 2026 
 
 
Management Team 
 Mr. Rajeev Gupta, JMD  
 Mr. Manoj Bansal, CTO & CRO 
 Mr. Nitin Tulyani, President & CFO  
 Mr. Surender Gupta, Sr. VP, Legal & Company Secretary 
 Mr. Rakesh Jain, Sr. General Manager - Corporate Finance 
 
 
 
 
 

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 2 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to the RSWM Limited Q3 
& 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Rik Capital.  
 
We have with us today from the management, Mr. Rajeev Gupta, Joint 
Managing Director; Mr. Manoj Bansal, Chief Transformation Officer and Chief 
Risk Officer; Mr. Nitin Tulyani, President and Chief Financial Officer; Mr. 
Rakesh Jain, Sr. General Manager, Corporate Finance; Mr. Surender Gupta, 
Senior VP, Legal and Company Secretary.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. And you will 
have an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to take this opportunity to 
remind everyone about the disclaimer related to this conference call. Today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature based on management's current 
beliefs and expectations. It must be viewed in conjunction with the risks that 
our business faces that could cause our future results, performance or 
achievements to differ significantly from what may be expressed or implied 
by such forward-looking statements. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajeev Gupta for the industry outlook. 
Following that, Mr. Nitin Tulyani will take over for the financial overview. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. I hope you and your families are doing well. It 
is my pleasure to welcome you all to RSWM Q3 and 9M FY26 earnings 
conference call. We appreciate your continued interest and participation. Our 
financial results and investor presentation are available on stock exchanges, 
and I trust you had an opportunity to review them. Let me start by briefly 
setting up the context by global and the Indian economy.  
 
The global economy is entering a phase of recalibration with the growth 
stabilizing around 3.2% during 2025-2026, despite the ongoing tariff 
tensions and the policy uncertainties we all are experiencing. However, India 
continues to outperform global peers with a GDP growth rate projected at 
7.4% for FY 2026.  

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 3 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
 
Now turning to the textile sector and the trade environment in textile. Global 
supply chain realignment, easing inflation and stabilizing growth are 
improving demand visibility across key global textile markets. In February 
2026, very recently, India and United States announced an interim trade 
framework aimed to reducing the tariff variance to 18% from the previously 
increased 50%, laying the foundation for a broader bilateral agreement.  
 
The significant tariff reduction is expected to improve market access for 
Indian textile exporters, and this will support a recovery of order inflow, 
following the softness observed in 2025 for the last three quarters. Before 
that, in January 2026, India and the EU, European Unions, concluded a 
negotiation on a comprehensive FTA, that is free trade agreement, making a 
significant structural shift of Indian exports, particularly in value-added and 
man-made fiber segment, where India has historically been under-
presented. 
 
Now this agreement will give us a level playing field with tariff coming up 
from 8% to 12% to almost zero, thereby enhancing our competitiveness in 
the global market, particularly Europe. And we will be at the same level with 
Bangladesh, Vietnam, Turkey and Sri Lanka. With the EU representing textile 
and apparel import markets exceeding almost $250 billion annually, the 
achievement of tariff parity is expected to unlock substantial growth 
opportunities and enable stronger participation in the higher value-added 
segments by Indian textile players.  
 
India's expanding trade architect, including recent trade agreements with the 
U.S., EU and before that in U.K., Oman and New Zealand, all these entry free 
availability of markets will enhance our economic parity in exports from India 
to all these markets. Collectively, these arrangements provide tariff reduce 
or duty free access to the global markets, enhancing competitiveness and 
supporting export growth. These judgments align with the broader shift from 
the global players towards supplier consolidation, ESG compliances, scalable 
sourcing partners. These are the areas where Indian manufacturers are 
increasingly positioned well. 
 
Now building on these trends, our strategic initiative remains focused on 
strengthening long-term competitiveness and positioning RSWM for 
sustainable growth. The knitted fabric expansion that we discussed last time 
involving a capital expenditure of ₹92 Cr is progressing in a phased manner, 
and we are expecting this to be fully operational in FY 2027 first half. The 
knit expansion will significantly enhance the output and technical capabilities 
of our knitting units, both at Mordi, Rajasthan and Chhata, Uttar Pradesh. 

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 4 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
The total knitting capacity post this expansion will increase by 20% from 750 
MT to 900 MT.  
 
A key highlight of this expansion is the introduction of printed knit product 
lines, enabling RSWM to enter a fashion-intensive segment. The current 
account for approximately 30% to 35% of knitted fabric market, which 
includes kids wear, women's wear, loungewear, this was a market which we 
were missing, and this will help us to give access to new orders and the 
customers across the geographies. 
 
The acquisition of LNJ GreenPET strengthens our position across recycled PET 
value chain. The upcoming facilities in the plant, Madhya Pradesh, will 
produce food-grade recycled resin, expanding our presence in the packaging 
segment and aligning with the regulatory and ESG-driven demand. This 
positions us to serve major FMCG players who are mandated to increase 
recycled content in their packaging. The facility is targeted to become 
operational within the span of next 12 to 15 months.  
 
Across all business’s verticals, we continue to sharpen our focus on improving 
cost efficiency, enhancing product mix, and thereby overall profitability, 
while scaling large value-added segments, improving asset utilization and 
operational efficiencies. We are also regularly reviewing our low-margin, low 
contribution products across businesses and making continuous effort to 
diversify the customer base and refine the product mix, thereby improving 
overall profitability. With visible margin improvement across both quarterly 
and nine months periods, we believe RSWM is well positioned to deliver 
profitable and sustainable growth in medium term. 
 
Now, I will hand over the call to Mr. Nitin Tulyani, our President and CFO, for 
further detailing. 
Nitin Tulyani: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the 
Q3 & 9M FY26 earnings call. I will take you through the key financial 
highlights and operational metrics for the quarter and nine months period 
ended December 2025.  
 
So, starting with the business environment. During the quarter, demand 
conditions across domestic and export markets remained mixed. However, 
the company successfully navigated this environment by maintaining a clear 
focus on enhancing business quality and profitability, supported by 
disciplined cost reduction initiatives. This focus translated into healthy and 
consistent margin expansion, both sequentially and year-on-year. 

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 5 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
 
Gross margin strengthened to 39.2% in Q3 FY 2026, improving by 78 basis 
points quarter-on-quarter and 310 basis points year-on-year. For the nine 
months period, gross margins improved to 38.3%, up by 217 basis points 
year-on-year. EBITDA margins rose to 7.4% in Q3 FY26, compared with 
6.8% in Q2 FY26 and 4.8% in Q3 FY25. For 9M FY26, EBITDA margins 
improved to 7%, reflecting a 272-basis point YoY expansion.  
 
The improvement was driven by our favorable product mix, stable raw 
material cost, improved operating leverage through optimum capacity 
utilization, and continued progress in process efficiencies. Execution across 
our plants remain strong, supported by better sales operations coordination, 
sustained focus on yield improvement, quality consistency and energy 
efficiency. 
A 
growing 
contribution 
from 
renewable 
energy 
further 
strengthened cost stability and supported our contribution towards green 
energy objectives. 
Moving to financial performance for Q3 and 9M FY26. For 9M FY26, the 
company reported revenue of ₹3,412 Cr, reflecting stable performance 
despite a challenging demand environment. Revenues for Q3 FY26 stood at 
₹1,093 Cr with modernization in volumes across selected segments. 
 
Profitability continued to strengthen. EBITDA for Q3 FY26 increased to ₹82 
Cr, representing 4% quarter-on-quarter growth and 41.7% year-on-year 
growth. On a nine-month basis, EBITDA stood at ₹242 Cr, marking a 56.9% 
year-on-year increase. It is encouraging that this margin expansion was 
achieved despite a mixed demand environment, underscoring the structural 
improvement in our cost base and operating leverage.  
 
Profit after tax for Q3 FY26 stood at ₹4 Cr after accounting for a onetime 
exceptional expense of approximately ₹10 Cr related to the labor code linked 
service cost. Excluding this item, underlying profitability would have been 
meaningfully higher. For the nine months, PAT improved to ₹17 Cr, 
representing a strong turnaround from a loss in the corresponding period last 
year.  
 
Coming to our cost structure and operating leverage, the company finance 
cost structure continued to improve during the quarter, reflecting sustained 
balance sheet strengthening and disciplined financial management. Raw 
material cost remained stable, supported by disciplined sourcing practices 
and improved inventory management, contributing to overall cost efficiency 
supported by the disciplined sourcing practices and improved inventory 
management. Employee cost and overheads remain well controlled, while 
improved capacity utilization enabled better absorption of our fixed costs.  

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 6 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
 
Depreciation for Q3 FY26 stood at ₹36.5 Cr, while finance costs declined by 
approximately ₹4 Cr year-on-year, driven by improved liquidity and lower 
borrowing cost. On a nine-month basis, finance cost savings of approximately 
₹7 Cr were achieved compared to the previous years. This improvement was 
supported by multiple factors, including the reduction in the repo rate from 
6.5% in Feb 2025 to 5.2% in December 2025, optimized working capital 
requirements, lower inventory levels, effective receivables management and 
improved trade payables management with the effective use of invoice 
discounting mechanism has helped us to achieve this. 
 
On the liquidity and working capital side, we continue to see steady 
improvement. The balance sheet remains healthy, supported by improved 
operating cash flow and effective working capital management. Liquidity 
levels remain comfortable, providing adequate headroom to support ongoing 
operations, selective capital expenditure and strategic initiatives. The 
company continues to focus on maintaining a prudent leverage profile, 
optimizing the cost of capital and preserving sufficient financial flexibility to 
navigate demand volatility.  
 
Capital allocation remains selective and disciplined with the investment 
directed towards project offering clear visibility on the returns, shorter 
payback periods and margin enhancements. This includes modernization 
initiatives and capacity additions aligned with the evolving demand trends. 
The company remains committed to balance growth investments with 
financial prudence while prioritizing cash generation, improving our return 
ratios and strengthening balance sheet.  
 
Overall, Q3 and 9M FY26 reflect a clear improvement in profitability, margin 
resilience and financial stability. The continued focus on execution 
excellence, cost discipline and efficient capital deployment positions the 
company well to deliver sustainable financial performance in the period 
ahead. 
 
Thank you. We will now be happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from Abhijit Rao from VP Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Rao: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on EBITDA margin. 
So, the Q3 EBITDA margin improved to 7.4% despite the volume moderation. 
So, how much of this improvement is structural versus cyclical? And how was 
the revenue and margin mix between yarn and fabric shifted in this quarter? 

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 7 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you, Abhijit. Is that all? You have another question? 
Abhijit Rao: 
I have more questions on GreenPET. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Okay. So, let me respond to this first. Thank you for observing the EBITDA 
margin improvement from 4.8% to 7.4% in the corresponding quarter. So, 
this EBITDA margin is definitely sustainable because the current quarter, the 
Quarter 3 in discussion, was not an easy quarter or there was no abnormal 
conditions in the market, rather the challenges of U.S. tariff and the lower 
demand as a result of that, particularly for knit, denim, mélange, and to 
some extent, cotton yarn were challenging during this period. So, we expect 
this EBITDA to be sustained in coming quarters in near and mid-range 
quarters also. I will be happy to take your next question. 
Abhijit Rao: 
So, on the margins only, sir, if the volume increases, then also we will sustain 
the margins, right? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Yes, sure, sure. Definitely, we are having a positive outlook for current 
quarter and next quarter. The volume should look better in the first quarter 
next year. And the EBITDA margin in this quarter and next quarter should 
be maintained in the similar range. 
Abhijit Rao: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, how does the LNJ GreenPET fit into the RSWM's 
long-term textile strategy? And how is the contribution of all these recent 
sustainability 
and 
green 
initiatives 
is 
impacting 
the 
long-term 
competitiveness as well as the short-term near profitability? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Okay. Fine. I am happy you asked this question, this is very important for 
RSWM. Our thought in RSWM is, we give back to society what we take. So, 
sustainability is really at the core of all the operations we do in RSWM. So, 
we have been working very strongly in sustainability, right in terms of power 
consumption, as we discussed last time, 70% of the power we consume now 
is coming from renewable energy. And we have shifted all our boilers from 
fossil fuel to biofuels. So, that direction is on. And in this financial year itself, 
we will be going from this to biofuel. And third is, we are a company which 
is 100% compliant to zero liquid discharge. So, we do not discharge any 
polluted water. And there are various other things in terms of converting the 
raw material of PET to recycled polyester fiber.  
 
This LNJ GreenPET is definitely a logical expansion of our current business, 
which is bottle-to-fiber. Now we already are doing around 130 metric tonnes 
of recycled polyester bottles collection per day. And this gives us a unique 
strength in terms of the supply chain, collecting these bottles and converting 

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 8 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
this into fiber. Now with this B2B project, we have to add this further in terms 
of quality and producing the resins and use that as raw material by FMCG 
companies like brands for bottles and pharma. So, this is something which is 
very close to our heart. Sustainability is something which we believe in. And 
this project is definitely very related to our strength of processing the 
recycled polyester fiber from recycling of the PET bottles. So, that is how we 
feel that we are definitely connected to this project, and we believe that we 
should be in this segment. 
Abhijit Rao: 
Understood, sir. Thank you for that detailed explanation and all the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Ruben, who's an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ruben: 
First, congrats on a great set of numbers. I mean considering the demand, I 
mean, the situation, the very tepid demand, you guys still did a very good 
quarter. And also, your recent initiative RAPIDD and COCICA look very 
promising. So, I just had a few questions. First thing, can you maybe give 
me an update on what's happening with Bangladesh? There is an issue with 
yarn from India. And maybe if you can give an update on how does that 
impact RSWM? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Okay. Anything else? 
Ruben: 
Yes. Secondly, I also wanted to know about this new project of yours, how 
is that going to be funded? I believe the group is also supposed to put ₹750 
Cr, but I think now is it going to be entirely debt or are you looking at equity 
infusion? And how much revenue are you expecting from that? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you, Ruben. First of all, I am extremely happy and thankful to 
you for sharing the comfort of the performance that we have during this 
quarter. I truly appreciate your understanding that this quarter was tough 
and across globe, the challenges in textile are impacting us badly. So, after 
acknowledging that, let me clearly come to the point, which is Bangladesh 
yarn import. Bangladesh has a limited spinning capacity, which was not used. 
And as a result, the Bangladesh spinners were putting pressure on the 
government for putting either additional import duty or removing the 
advantages that is given using their own yarn. So, that parity they wanted 
to increase. 
 
Now, Bangladesh as a country has more consumption of fabric and yarn than 
their spinning capacity. So, one clear understanding is that they cannot stop 
importing the yarn. So, they have to import yarn. Of course, their spinning 

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 9 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
lobby was trying very hard to put this thing. But the overall position of 
Bangladesh after this U.S. tariff parity with India is now more at the level 
playing field. But India has a challenge of garmenting capacity, which 
Bangladesh has in good number.  
 
So, Bangladesh will remain a very important market for all textile companies 
in India, and we cannot ignore this market as such. The uncertainty or the 
difficulties in that market are definitely impacting us in the shorter run for 
sure and medium run more likely. Only in the long run, if India develops this 
garmenting capacity, both in knit fabric and denim, then probably we can 
become net exporter of garments and the dependence on Bangladesh will 
reduce. As on today, Bangladesh is important. Of course, these challenges 
do impact us in terms of immediate working.  
 
Now coming to your second question, which was LNJ GreenPET Project and 
its funding, the funding is perceived to be at 70:30 level. So, we have a 
project cost of ₹427 Cr. Out of that, approximately ₹300 Cr is likely to be 
funded through debt, and the balance ₹127 Cr is to be funded as a form of 
internal accruals or equity that we would like to do. Now, revenue from this 
project would vary from ₹475 Cr to ₹500 Cr. So, that is the revenue which 
we are targeting. Of course, it will take time to increase the capacity 
utilization. First year would be somewhere around ₹70 Cr, ₹75 Cr and it will 
take two to three years to harness full potential of ₹500 Cr as revenue from 
this project. 
Ruben: 
Okay. And just to understand, you were talking about looking at some low-
margin products and you were looking at switching from them to another 
product. So, I wanted to understand, how much have you done of this? What 
about your non-core assets? How much of your non-core assets are there 
that you can look at selling to raise funds? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Okay. Fine. So, this is a continuous exercise. You always look at the pyramid 
of all your product mix. So, certain products give you the best margin, and 
there are, at the same time, a few products which give you very low margin. 
And these are the products which are used for filling the mill and ensuring 
that we utilize capacity. The journey for profit enhancement always is to 
increase the products which give you more margin and try to reduce or 
eliminate the products which are giving low margin. We did this exercise 
across all businesses. Few businesses where market sentiment was okay, we 
are able to implement this fully. 
 
Few businesses like our knit business, mélange business, or to some extent, 
our denim business, where we could not do this very effectively because of 

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 10 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
the market sentiment. This can only be done when you have enough of 
orders in your order book, then you can decide on this. So, that journey is 
on. Fortunately, in a few of the businesses we did it, we also shifted a few 
capacities from low value-added to high value-added product. Just to share 
an example, we shifted certain volumes for our synthetic yarn business from 
grey to dyed. So, we were making PV grey, which we have shifted to PV 
dyed, understanding that PV dyed, of course, gives better value. 
 
And we had almost 20,000 spindles, which we shifted in the Unit number 9 
of our Kharigram location from grey to dyed. So, this is a continuous journey. 
We are working on this concept, and we may have to work for next three, 
four quarters continuously to travel this journey which we have envisaged. 
Ruben: 
Okay. And non-core assets, any numbers that you can share that we could 
look at selling of some? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, there has been not any non-core asset per se, but a few assets which 
were not giving us the required margin and the required return, particularly 
if you ask what we have implemented so far is Chhata spinning, which was 
giving us a very low margin, and it was completely outdated in terms of age 
of this machinery. So, that is something which we have used wherever that 
part of the machine setup was usable in our other units for upgrading our 
facilities or creating more flexibility in our manufacturing setup. 
 
And second is we went for the new boilers for going to this biofuel. And as a 
result, our old thermal boiler, which was a coal-based, became redundant 
and useless. So, that we are disposing of. Otherwise, per se, the company 
did not have any non-core assets which were redundant and not being used. 
Ruben: 
Okay. And one last question, I will come back in the queue after that. One 
last question is working capital. Your working capital is still quite high, do 
you get any concessions or any low interest rates for this working capital? Is 
there any textile scheme for that? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Yes, I will let Nitin take that. 
Nitin Tulyani: 
So, Ruben, coming to the question around working capital, we are managing 
the working capital effectively. So, what we have done is we have moved to 
the vendor discounting platform in which we are getting a benefit with 
respect to the interest arbitrage. So, if you talk about overall cost of working 
capital, it comes less than 9%. 
Ruben: 
Okay, less than 9%. 

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 11 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
Nitin Tulyani: 
This includes everything we have in terms of working capital. I am telling 
you the average number. 
Ruben: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Rohit Ohri from Progressive Shares. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Ohri: 
Hi, Rajeev ji. We see RSWM 2.0 transform and achieve more milestone under 
your guidance.  
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you, Rohit. 
Rohit Ohri: 
Sir, I have three, four questions. I will ask one and then probably follow up 
on the others. In terms of the GreenPET LNJ Project, sir, have we identified 
the land? And are we already having the technology with us? Or are we going 
to go for some tie-up or maybe JV over here? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Okay. So, we have Mr. Manoj Bansal with us, who is Chief Transformation 
Officer, and he is very closely working on this project. So, rather than me 
responding to this, I will request Manoj to respond. 
Manoj Bansal: 
So, regarding the land, we have already taken land in a place called Ratlam, 
which is in MP. So, we have identified 44 acres of land for this project. So, 
that has been already done, it is already in place. Regarding the second part, 
the technology, yes, we have already finalized technology. So, there are two 
important machine setups. One is washing line, second is a pelletizing line. 
So, we already finalized the vendor for that, both of that. And just to give 
you kind of comfort, we have taken one of the best technology from Europe 
for our pelletizing line. 
Rohit Ohri: 
Sorry, sir, we have taken technology from? 
Manoj Bansal: 
Starlinger. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
It's a European brand. One of the best technologies in this segment of 
product mix. 
Rohit Ohri: 
Sir, my next question related to this development which we are having from 
BAKPL, Birla Advanced Knits Private Ltd, which is a joint venture between 
Grasim and Century. Sir, if you can take us through like what was the thought 
process? And are we so confident about the machineries that they serve 
because that's a new operation that they have started probably, I think, in 

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 12 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
2023 April is when they started. So, sir, that gives us kind of confidence that 
these machines are going to do well for us. 
Manoj Bansal: 
Sure. So, Rohit, they actually set up this project with the thought of doing a 
sampling, viscose sampling, etc. But somehow, they couldn't connect that. 
So, this was almost a year-old plant where machines were not used. All these 
machines are European machines, all good brands. And then they had a 
printing kind of setup as well. So, we evaluated and found that these 
machines are actually a well fit for us because we didn't have a printing 
facility. So, with these machines, probably we solve two purposes. One, we 
will have a printing facility, almost 120 tonnes per month. And then probably 
all these machines which are being stayed we will be using for modernizing 
both our Chhata and Mordi plants. 
 
So, this fits well in our kind of requirement because the machines were new, 
all European, all energy efficient machines and not used actually. So, we get 
a good deal and we shifted. Now we are actually in the process of shifting 
and modernizing the plant. And this will give us, as probably said earlier, so 
this will give additional process for printing, so 120 tonnes, which probably 
with this printing, now we can actually serve other kind of segments like kids 
wear and lady nightwear garments. So, that was the basic purpose of taking 
over this plant. 
Rohit Ohri: 
And sir, if you notice that we see these articles in Business India also where 
Rajeev ji and Riju, they have both mentioned about Industry 4.0. But sir, my 
question is that how much of this modernization or maybe replacement of 
the old technology, how much of this work is pending, if Nitin can help us 
through, that what sort of investments are we looking at or what sort of 
Capex are we looking for new machineries? 
Manoj Bansal: 
See, the cost of acquisition was ₹54 Cr. Otherwise, this entire modernization 
actually is ₹92 Cr. This is what we mentioned last time also. So, the total 
expansion for knit park is ₹92 Cr. So, we already started the process, as 
indicated earlier. So, we intend to close the entire expansion, setting the 
printing and modernizing by the first half of 2027. So, we are expecting that 
the second half probably be able to get the full benefit of this expansion, 
printing as well as modernization process. And with this expansion, our 
capacity will improve from 700 tonnes to 900 tonnes per month with 120 
tonnes printing. 
 
So, this gives a complete balance of our product mix. So, we get a 20% 
additional capacity plus additional process for printing, which will actually 
help us to improve our reach to different customers because the customer 

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 13 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
will look for the complete product mix. So, printing actually is complete our 
range. So, that is the basic thought process. 
Rohit Ohri: 
Sir, in addition to this replacement that is happening, are there more 
replacement of machinery? That was the question. 
Manoj Bansal: 
No, every machine is in line. Only the few old machines have been replaced. 
Otherwise, our plant is absolutely well balanced, new machines are there. 
So, we are getting the potential kind of efficiency from all the machines. So, 
beyond that, I think there's nothing pending for modernization further. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Just to add what Manoj said, in addition to knitting, there are other 
businesses where modernization is also in discussion, and we are going 
purely on the basis of payback in case of modernization making sense for 
either digitalization or quality improvement or production improvement per 
se. So, that journey is on. We have started doing it in a phased manner. So, 
RSWM being a 65-year-old company, so the machinery park is definitely 
wearing. We have latest machine, and we have machines which are decades 
of performance already delivered. So, we are very consciously monitoring 
each and every machine and their performance. 
 
And based on the payback and priority, we are doing it. So, major thing that 
we have done is the power efficiency improvement, the machines which are 
power inefficient are in the top-most priority to us. And similarly, the 
machines which will give us more productivity in terms of manpower, that 
will also be considering. But this is going to be phased manner because this 
is a big plan, and this will take time to improve the age of the machine park. 
Nitin Tulyani: 
You had a question with respect to the Industry 4.0 technology, which you 
mentioned. So, just to update you, as a part of Industry 4.0, what we are 
doing is we are focusing upon bringing in the technology. Recently, we did a 
tie-up with a company called Green Stitch. It is a SaaS-based organization 
which has helped us to automate our business responsibility and 
sustainability reporting with the element of AI in it. And this year, we will be 
publishing our first report using that tool. So, that tool is helping us to 
integrate the data, which lies in ERP with the help of integrating the data, 
which help us to maintain a proper audit trail and focus upon the authenticity 
of the data being recorded by the system. 
 
Second, what we have done is we have also worked upon with respect to the 
improvising our R&D centers. So, we have done certain investments in that 
with respect to the research and development, where we are working on 
digital tools for preparation of the samples and the development of new 

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 14 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
product technology. So, like Rajeev ji said, this is a journey, and it has 
already been started, and we are continuously identifying the projects 
pertaining to the Industry 4.0 and moving ahead. 
Rohit Ohri: 
Sir, last question, two parts. First one, that how much on a yearly basis have 
we allocated that every year, we will spend approximately ₹X Cr for 
replacement or modernization of machines? And second question, which 
Rajeev also mentioned that we are doing quite a lot of good work, which we 
can also see for the power savings. My question is that from somewhere 
around 6% or 7% EBITDA margin, can we inch towards 10% or 11% EBITDA 
margin in the next six to eight quarters? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you, Rohit. I think you also share the forward-looking outlook for the 
company. I will be one of the happiest person when we touch the double 
digit. And intention of entire management, including Manoj, Nitin, Surender 
ji is to take this company in next maybe 6 to 8 quarters to that level of double 
digit. And with this U.S. tariff, U.K. tariff and EU FTA on, so there is every 
likelihood that we may travel this journey even faster.  
 
Now coming to your second question, which is how much fund we are 
allocating for modernization and this. So, I can share with you last year, we 
did modernization Capex to the tune of almost ₹50 Cr. So, this is only based 
on the cash flow and the payback period, which is encouraging to get the 
benefit immediately within a span of 12 to 24 months. So, based on this, we 
will continue to do, almost similar kind of figures would be there in that two 
to three years. We do not want to skew our cash flow too much and work 
very aggressively so that it impacts my team working as well. So, we need 
to strike a balance between both modernization and ensuring the current 
balancing also. 
Rohit Ohri: 
Sir, all the very best for achieving that double-digit EBITDA margin. 
Hopefully, we see that soon. Thank you for answering all my questions. 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Mithil Bhuva from unlistedindia.com. 
Please go ahead. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
Hi, sir. I guess I missed out on that, but what is the power cost savings to 
switch to renewables, like per unit savings? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Okay. So, we have done our power Capex in two ways. One, we are going 
for behind-the-meter generation of solar power by 9.6 megawatts. And 
second was the 60 megawatts agreement with Adani for group captive RTC, 

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 15 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
round-the-clock power. So, if you look at per unit savings would be varying 
from ₹1 to ₹1.5 per unit and thereby impacting our overall consumption per 
kg, giving benefit to us, and we become a little more competitive to our peers 
in Rajasthan because this all triggered with the increased tariff by Rajasthan, 
which was reducing the tariff DISCOMs by ₹1.02 per unit. So, that 
necessitated the need of working on this. So, it is serving us two purpose. 
One is the saving and second is our green journey. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
So, we have spent some Capex on this, the transmission line overall for the 
Green project? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
There are two things which I said. One is for Adani. Adani, we paid up the 
equity for being a partner to this group captive. And this SPV that we paid 
was to the tune of ₹60 Cr. And for this behind-the-meter, we would spend 
something between ₹22 Cr to ₹25 Cr as a Capex for having this 9.6-
megawatt solar power installation. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
So, what is our share in the SPV percentage? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, it is 26% that is something as per legal limit. 
Nitin Tulyani: 
So, it's 26% in equity with the shareholder voting rights. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
Okay. Sir, one more question, like what is the company's plan like on the 
ROCE, so where are we head towards? Because ROCE is the ultimate thing 
what investors look at. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Yes, you are right. ROCE is something which we have to work very strongly. 
So, I can only share with you that it is improving for last three, four quarters. 
If you see the last year's number and this year number, Nitin will be able to 
share that figures with you. 
Nitin Tulyani: 
So, coming to the ROCE, return on capital employed, like it is directly linked 
to our profit before interest and tax. If you have taken a look at our investor 
presentation, like if you compare it year-over-year number, it has increased 
from 3.3% to 5.1%. So, the graph is upward, and like Rajeev ji said, we will 
continue to increase the EBITDA. So, similarly, this ROCE will be on an 
increasing trend. If you remember, the highest we have achieved is 
approx.13%, which was somewhere in the year 2021-2022. But we will be 
definitely moving ahead steadily with this ratio, and we are continuously 
focusing upon it. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
Okay. Wish you all the best. Thank you. 

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 16 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from SP Vaiya, who's an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
SP Vaiya: 
Good evening, sir. Your presentation is very thorough, and I could get most 
of my questions clarified from there. One question I would like, what sort of 
growth actually you are targeting for the next year? Because right, I 
understand last two, three quarters because of geopolitical pressures, you 
are not able to register the kind of growth you were really looking forward 
to. But now actually, things are getting better politically. So, what sort of 
growth you are planning in your turnover in the next year, please? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, first of all, let me be thankful to you for your appreciation for the 
presentation and the performance, Mr. SP. The growth has not been there in 
these nine months because we consolidated and worked more on the 
profitability than on revenue. In fact, we consolidated a few of the products 
which were not yielding profit, we reduced it. And as a result, if you see the 
nine months and quarter, both revenue numbers are lower than the previous 
year, whereas EBITDA number for the quarter and for the nine months are 
better off. Now next year, we will try to harness full capacity utilization for 
knit, mélange. 
 
And we are also targeting additional capacity utilization for all other assets 
wherever there is a scope. Major expansion that we are targeting is knit. So, 
that will give us some additional revenue for the additional production of 200 
tonnes of knit that we are going to do. Other initiatives in terms of production 
are largely for modernization and improving our cost effectiveness. So, 
revenue really is not under focus at this point of time. Of course, we will 
come to the level of around ₹5,000 Cr hopefully next financial year 2026-
2027. 
SP Vaiya: 
₹5,000 Cr, that's a growth of almost 10% because right now, you are at 
₹3,400 Cr. So, I presume that if you repeat the same sort of performance as 
you had done the last quarter, will give additional ₹1,100 Cr or so that gives 
a total of ₹4,500 Cr. So, growth of 10% we are envisaging, is that correct, 
sir? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
You are absolutely right. So, that is something which we are targeting. 
SP Vaiya: 
Okay. And that will make a capacity utilization of what percentage, sir? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, in yarn, you already work on high 90s in terms of capacity utilization. 
The major challenge of capacity utilization has been in knit, and to some 
extent, mélange and denim. So, I think these mélange and knit section, we 

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 17 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
will improve our utilization and other, whatever the low-performing assets or 
low-performing products are there, that already have been identified and 
designated. So, I think there is no negative revenue growth likely to happen 
now. The only thing that we are likely to do is better capacity utilization for 
knit, mélange, and thereby having better revenue. 
SP Vaiya: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Ruben, who's an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ruben: 
I just had a few follow-ups. First is, you have been having discussions with 
Europe and all. So, maybe can you give us some guidance on how that's 
turning, how that's shaping up, especially after the FTA and all? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, India was leading the 8% to 12% import duty by EU and U.K. So, that 
was giving us a direct disadvantage against Bangladesh, Pakistan, Sri Lanka 
and Vietnam. Now with this FTA with the EU, which is likely to be reality next 
January, and this U.K. FTA which is in discussion and also maybe through in 
just two, three quarters, we will have the level playing field. And there is a 
huge potential for Indian garments, Indian industry to take on this. So, as 
per estimate, the CAGR of 8% to 10% is likely to be there. 
 
And we may have the growth in terms of import by these countries from 
$260 billion is the import that EU do for textile. And Indian share is almost 
around $8 billion. And there is a possibility to go up to $35 billion to $40 
billion in this case. So, entire industry is looking forward to make this happen. 
And this U.S. tariff parity, which is brought back to 18% will also give us all 
a very positive outlook maybe in the first or second quarter next fiscal. 
Ruben: 
Okay. And this Bhilwara Energy that HEG Greentech is going to be listed, so 
how much percentage stake would RSWM have in that listed entity? 
Nitin Tulyani: 
So, Nitin this side. So, there's a company called Bhilwara Energy Limited, 
and we are holding 6.23% stake in that. So, as the value of the shares of the 
company will appreciate, accordingly, we will be getting a pro rata benefit. 
Plus, we also have a huge investment in HEG, and that will also be increased 
pro rata basis. 
Ruben: 
Once HEG Greentech lists, will RSWM hold like a 1% to 2% stake in that 
company? 

Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
  Page 18 of 19 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
Nitin Tulyani: 
No, not like that. So, HEG Greentech is altogether a different setup. There 
are two companies, one is Bhilwara Energy Limited, in which we are holding 
certain percentage of shares, which is 6.23%. And second entity is HEG, 
which is a stand-alone entity. We are also holding certain equity investments 
in HEG. So, accordingly, as the valuation of the company goes up, RSWM will 
also get in the benefit in terms of that. 
Ruben: 
Okay, fine. Maybe I misunderstood it. Okay. 
Nitin Tulyani: 
The shareholding is available in our audited balance sheet. 
Ruben: 
Correct. So, I thought that this is going to be merged and you will be getting 
HEG Greentech shares. That's what I understood from it, from Bhilwara 
Energy and HEG split, right?  
Rajeev Gupta: 
You are right, Ruben. 
Ruben: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management team for closing comments. 
Nitin Tulyani: 
So, in closing, I extend my sincere gratitude to our employees, stakeholders, 
and partners for their unwavering support. With collective efforts and a 
shared vision, we are well positioned to drive innovation, strengthen our 
market presence and deliver sustainable value. The road ahead holds great 
promise, and I am confident in our ability to grow and succeed in the years 
to come. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. With that, we conclude today's conference. Thank you 
for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes.) 
Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B. No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Distt. Bhilwara Rajasthan  
Website: https://www.rswm.in  
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 
