 
 
 
                                                              
 
Corporate office: B - 5, Trade World, Kamala City, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400 013 (India) 
                                                     Phone:  3040 0500         Fax: 3040 0599      Email:  sharedept@siyaram.com 
                                                     Internet: www.siyaram.com                          CIN : L17116MH1978PLC020451 
                                          Registered Office: H – 3/2, MIDC, A – Road, Tarapur, Boisar, Thane – 401 506 (Mah.) 
 
Date: 03rd February, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jijibhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street,                        
Mumbai 
 
 
Scrip Code: 503811 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,           
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Company Symbol: SIYSIL 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst / Investor Meet held on 29th January, 2026 
 
 
In nexus to the captioned subject and in terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed 
is the Transcript of the Analyst/ Investor Meet held on 29th January, 2026.  
 
The same will also be available on the website of the Company 
www.siyaram.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For SIYARAM SILK MILLS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Mahipal Thakur 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a. 
 
 
 
Mahipal 
Samayalal 
Thakur
Digitally signed 
by Mahipal 
Samayalal Thakur 
Date: 2026.02.03 
17:35:39 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Siyaram Silk Mills Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GAURAV PODDAR – PRESIDENT AND EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – SIYARAM SILK MILLS LIMITED 
MR. ASHOK JALAN – SENIOR PRESIDENT AND 
DIRECTOR – SIYARAM SILK MILLS LIMITED 
MR. SURENDRA SHETTY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– SIYARAM SILK MILLS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. AYUSHI GUPTA – MUFG INTIME PRIVATE 
LIMITED 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Siyaram Silk Mills Limited Q3 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Ayushi Gupta. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Ayushi Gupta: 
Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you to the Q3 and nine months FY 
'26 earnings conference call of Siyaram Silk Mills Limited. To discuss this quarter's 
performance, we have from the management, Mr. Gaurav Poddar, President and Executive 
Director; Mr. Ashok Jalan, Senior President and Director; and Mr. Surendra Shetty, Chief 
Financial Officer. 
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
the today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risk and uncertainties. For 
more details, kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filings that can be found on the 
company's website. Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the management 
for their opening remarks, and then we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Good morning and thank you all for joining us for the earnings conference call of Siyaram Silk 
Mills Limited to discuss Q3 and nine months FY '26 results. Wishing you and your families a 
Happy New Year. I hope you all have had the opportunity to review our financial results and 
investor presentation, which have been uploaded to both the stock exchange and our company 
website. 
Siyaram's continues to focus on developing products that keep pace with changing market trends 
and customer needs. We aim to offer quality choices across different price points and style 
preferences. Our brands enjoy strong recognition, and we are committed to building on that 
foundation. With our integrated manufacturing and distribution setup, supported by a dedicated 
creative design team that drives innovation across our collections, we are able to deliver 
consistently across all categories. 
In the third quarter of FY '26, we saw demand pick up at the start of the festive season. However, 
as the quarter went on, customers stayed cautious with their spending and footfall remained 
moderate. The demand during the quarter remained largely occasion-driven with spikes limited 
to key events rather than a sustained trend. As a result, the quarter delivered moderate 
performance. Despite a challenging market environment, Siyaram has strengthened its market 
position and has grown the overall business. 
Alongside this, the company has consistently expanded its retail network by adding new stores 
and widening its retail footprint. In line with this measured expansion, we have remained 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
disciplined in our capital allocation, which has helped us maintain absolute EBITDA while 
pursuing sustainable growth. In Q3 of FY '26, we continued expanding our store network by 
adding two ZECODE and five DEVO outlets, taking the total number of stores for ZECODE 
and DEVO to 25 and 17, respectively. 
We remain focused on achieving our plan of opening about 35 stores during the year. Our 
priority is to open stores in markets with strong potential, ensuring sustainable growth and better 
long-term returns. We are pleased to share that the Board of Directors has declared a second 
interim dividend of INR3 per share with a face value of INR2 each. This decision highlights our 
ongoing commitment to rewarding shareholders and reflects the confidence in our financial 
strength and future growth prospects. 
In quarter three of FY '26, our total income was INR639 crores compared to INR586 crores in 
the same quarter of the previous year, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 8.9%. For nine months 
FY '26 period, the total income reached INR1,782 crores, up from INR1,546 crores in the 
corresponding period last year, representing an increase of 15.3%. This performance highlights 
the resilience of our business model and the steady momentum created through disciplined 
execution and strong customer engagement. 
As we move ahead, we are placing greater focus on strengthening our core capabilities in design, 
product development, and understanding emerging consumer preferences. Our aim is to offer 
products that are more relevant, contemporary, and aligned with what customers are seeking 
across different markets. We continue to refine our internal processes and enhance coordination 
across teams to improve speed, consistency, and execution across our categories. 
Alongside these efforts, we are also intensifying our marketing initiatives to support the growth 
of our business. By strengthening brand visibility, enhancing digital engagement, and running 
targeted campaigns, we aim to build deeper customer connections and accelerate demand across 
key markets. 
We see meaningful opportunities emerge across businesses, and we are aligning our strategies 
to participate effectively in this growth. With a disciplined approach and a clear long-term 
vision, we believe Siyaram's is well positioned to build momentum and create sustained value 
in the years ahead. Now I would like to request our CFO, Mr. Surendra Shetty, to share highlights 
of our financial performance. Thank you. 
Surendra Shetty: 
Thank you, Gaurav ji. Good morning, everyone. For the third quarter for the financial year '26, 
our total income stood at INR639 crores compared to INR586 crores in the quarter three of 
financial year '25. In terms of the revenue mix, Fabric contributed 78%, Garment accounted for 
15%, and Yarn & Others made up 7%. 
Our EBITDA for the quarter was INR84 crores as against INR83 crores in the quarter three of 
financial year '25, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 1.5%. The EBITDA margin for the quarter 
came at 13.2%. PAT for the quarter three financial year '26 stood at INR42 crores compared to 
INR46 crores in the same quarter last year. The PAT margin for the quarter was 6.6%. 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Moving into the nine-month period. For the financial year '26, our total income reached 
INR1,782 crores as compared to INR1,546 crores in the same period of the last year, reflecting 
a year-on-year growth of 15.3%. EBITDA for nine months financial year '26 stood at INR262 
crores with the EBITDA margin of 14.7%. PAT for the nine-month period came in at INR134 
crores and PAT margin was 7.5%. Thank you. That concludes my remarks. We can now open 
the floor for the question-and-answer. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Dev Gulwani from Care PMS. 
Dev Gulwani: 
First question is what is the revenue from ZECODE and DEVO in this quarter? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
I'll tell you for the overall nine months so far, and that is around INR55 crores that we have 
achieved in these nine months. So our original target for the whole year was around INR70 
crores to INR80 crores, and we will I think be able to achieve, we'll be in line with that guidance. 
Dev Gulwani: 
Okay. Can you give a breakup between them, ZECODE and DEVO? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
We are not giving breakups at the moment because it's too early in the business. And we are 
giving an overall number just as an indication as to the progress that we've made. 
Dev Gulwani: 
Okay. So  second question is why growth in textile business has been just approx 3%, whereas 
peer like Raymond has grown 11%? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Generally, in the traditional business, we give an annual guidance, and it's a seasonal business. 
So we don't look at quarterly numbers because they vary a lot, and it also depends on the 
festivities. In this quarter, particularly, Diwali was in the beginning of the quarter, which resulted 
in the sales in the previous quarter, which saw much higher growth. 
In any way, we have increased the overall guidance for this year, which is as an exception. From 
10% to 12% as an overall growth of the company to between 12% to 15% growth. And by the 
end of the year, we are confident of remaining within that guidance of 12% to 15% as an overall 
growth. 
Dev Gulwani: 
What is the volume growth in textile business this quarter? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So once again, it's not advisable to look at it on a quarterly basis. But if you look at a nine 
monthly basis, then there is about 9% odd volume growth. But again, there is a difference in 
suitings and shirtings as a category. So it is more advisable to look at value as a whole. 
Dev Gulwani: 
But if you can provide for Y-o-Y? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
I mentioned for 9 months FY26, fabrics volume growth is about 9%. 
Dev Gulwani: 
Okay. Also, there was increase in gross margins by approximately 3% Y-o-Y. What is the reason 
behind that? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Yes. This is because of  combination of different product mix across different segments.  But I 
think , overall in the year, we will see a balanced, stable number. 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Dev Gulwani: 
And there was also increase in processing and labour charges from, it is approximately 14% to 
15% of net sales. So why there is a sudden increase? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
That may be because of a build-up in inventory that we are creating for the next quarter, which 
traditionally is the best quarter of the year. 
Dev Gulwani: 
And store expansion was quite slow for ZECODE this quarter. So will you be able to achieve 
FY'26 store guidance for ZECODE? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
It is our endeavour to achieve our initial guidance. The third quarter intentionally was slower 
because we wanted to focus on operations during the festive season rather than store openings 
because we are working on a very lean team. And that is why a large part of the stores were 
opened in the second quarter to get better use of the festive season. And that is why the third 
quarter, the numbers are small. But we are confident of getting in line with  those 35 
approximately stores that we plan for the year. 
Dev Gulwani: 
And recently, we have seen Trent Ltd. sales have slowed down in recent quarter. So do we see 
it as an opportunity or a challenge? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Sorry, can you repeat your question, please? 
Dev Gulwani: 
We have seen Trent Ltd. sales have slowed down in recent quarter. So do we see it as an 
opportunity or a challenge? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Yes. I think that the overall apparel market, if you see as a whole is a very, very large market. 
The largest player in the market also is a very small percentage of the overall market share. So 
the market is very large and a large part of that is unorganized. So there is already a big headroom 
for a lot of players to do well. We are in a very small stage and to compare us with established 
players right now is not fair. And we are progressing well. 
We have set ourselves some benchmarks, and we are progressing well towards those 
benchmarks. We've given an initial target for this year of about INR70 crores to INR80 crores. 
So we are in line with those targets.  I mean, we are looking at our own internal operations on 
how we can improve efficiency there rather than look outside. There is a lot of headroom for 
growth, and we are very confident with what we are doing and the results that we've achieved 
so far. 
Dev Gulwani: 
What are your store expansion plans for ZECODE and DEVO for FY'27? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
This is something that we will declare by the end of next quarter. We are still in plans of deciding 
the numbers and the locations of what we want to do. And when we firm up that, maybe in the 
next quarter, we'll have a better idea and share that with you. 
Dev Gulwani: 
Also, will you be moving to any new geography? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Again, that's something that we are reviewing at the moment. I'll be able to give you better clarity 
in the next quarter. 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Apoorv from Whitestone PMS. 
Apoorv: 
Sir, my first question is on the, say, in our quarterly numbers, how much is the loss from our 
retail business, maybe at EBITDA or PBT level? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
We've given an initial guidance of 100 to 150 basis points drop in EBITDA for the whole year. 
So we will stick to the guidance, and we'll be within that limit for the whole year. 
Apoorv: 
Got it. Got it, sir. And sir, like what are our store addition plans for the Q4? Like you mentioned 
35 stores. So that is for the ZECODE? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
We had planned for 35 stores for ZECODE and DEVO put together. This year, we have opened, 
I think, about 22 stores odd and the balance stores is our endeavour to complete by March. 
Maybe there is a spill over, but this is the kind of broad guidance. 
Apoorv: 
Got it, sir. And my next question is, like what benefits do you see within Europe to be happening? 
As I know that although our exports are 9% or maybe 10% approximately, so do we see a need 
for exports as well? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So of course, exports, India as a country is really promoting manufacturing. And with these new 
FTAs coming in place, that will also help Indian manufacturing. Apart from that, there are other 
global positioning of different other countries that will also help India in terms of being an export 
destination for apparel and textiles. We are already exporting about, as you mentioned, 10% of 
our turnover. This is largely fabrics. So it's not direct export to these countries, but it is export 
to converters. 
So these new treaties and India positioned as a manufacturing hub will definitely help us. Our 
business largely is domestic and branded, and there is growth within that. New retail business is 
also growing faster than the traditional business. So I don't know in percentage what the numbers 
will be, but absolute value, of course, export, there's a lot of potential for us to grow. 
Apoorv: 
Got it. Got it. Sir, my last question on the revenue and the margin guidance for the FY '27. 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So we have given an FY '26 guidance, and we've upgraded that guidance from 10% to 12% to 
12% to 15% revenue guidance, and we maintain a 14% approximate EBITDA level with a 100, 
150 basis points drop in retail. For FY '27, we'll get back to you in the next quarter for the next 
year's guidance. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun from Bava Investments. 
Varun: 
A couple of questions from my end. Like the Q3 revenue grew approximately 9% Y-o-Y, but 
the PAT basically has declined. So could you break down what are the key factors which has 
been impacting the bottom line for the performance of this quarter? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Yes. So there are two, three major reasons. One is there is a onetime cost of this employee 
expense because of the new labour code, and there is some increase in advertising and sales 
promotion. So this is, both these put together is roughly INR10 crores, INR12 crores extra. And 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
then there is this retail sales that creates a loss of new retail businesses, which is in line with 
what our expectation is. So these are broadly the main reasons for the drop in EBITDA. 
Varun: 
All right, sir. And sir, the finance cost has been increased on a Y-o-Y basis. So like should we 
expect this, the same cost in the ballpark for FY '27 would remain elevated? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
This is largely due to some extra working capital that was deployed throughout this year for 
preparing inventory and it's all working capital requirements. We are well within a comfort limit 
in terms of the debt that the company has. So it's not so significant and not so worrying for us. 
As it's a made-to-stock business. So it is an ongoing effort to keep optimizing inventory. And so 
this keeps varying. 
Varun: 
All right. So can we expect this to reduce or stay same rather than going up? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
We hope that the fourth quarter number should be better. Since it's the best quarter of the year, 
we are planning for inventories. We are building up the inventory. So that is the reason for an 
increased working capital. So hopefully, by the end of the fourth quarter, we should see a better 
number. 
Varun: 
All right, sir. And sir, given ZECODE and DEVO have been scaled under our own company 
and operating model, so how do we see scaling this approach in terms of capital allocation and 
a return perspective over the long term? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So I wouldn't say it is a scaled model. It is something that we are still building. This is the first 
year of full operation that we'll see for this business. Some of the stores are still opening within 
this period. Right now, we have more store openings than the number of stores that we have 
been running. 
So it's a very nascent business, which is still growing. And we want to be very calculated in 
terms of store openings. We have always mentioned that we are not chasing numbers in terms 
of store openings, but we want to work on efficient operating models. And that is what I think, 
as a strategy, we'll continue to do and use our capital wisely and prudently. 
Varun: 
All right, sir. Sir, any margin guidance or something like that for Q4, we can expect something? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
We don't give quarterly guidance because it's a seasonal business, and that is why we give an 
annual guidance. So the 14% EBITDA guidance is the approximate number without the retail 
calculation is something that we will stick to. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Apoorv from Whitestone PMS. 
Apoorv: 
Yes. I just have one question. If you can share the store level economics, maybe the revenue per 
store or the rent? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So I think it is still very early in our journey to be sharing these numbers because, I mean, this 
is just the first year of operations. Hardly a few stores have seen a year or just a little over a year. 
So we are going to wait a few more quarters before we start releasing these numbers. But in a 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
nutshell, I can tell you that qualitatively, we have received excellent feedback in terms of the 
product, in terms of the pricing. 
Markets that we have opened, we have seen in this festive season, better footfall, more repeat 
customers. So the trend seems to be very positive, and we are very encouraged with this 
response, and we want to continue to grow this business and make it a meaningful part for the 
company's turnover. 
Apoorv: 
Sure. Sir, maybe if you can share maybe three, four years down the line, how much revenue do 
you see these retail would contribute? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
I think that we'll take it year-on-year basis. We want to continue to work on the immediate 
operations and continue to expand these stores. As I mentioned, our expansion will be very 
calculated, and we won't chase large numbers to keep opening and rather than that work on the 
efficiency on the model. Our fabric business and our traditional business also will grow at the 
same time. So it's difficult to say how much as a percentage this would become. But of course, 
because the base is so small, it will definitely be more meaningful than it is today. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Shah from Investing Alpha. 
Pratik Shah: 
So, sir, my question is fabric still contributes more than 75% of the revenue. So how do you see 
this mix evolving over the period? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So fabric traditionally has been a much larger percentage, north of 80% since, for a few years 
ago. It has gone down to 75% to 78% now as other businesses are growing. There is an Indigo 
business that is also growing in the Yarn & Others segment, that is about 5%, 6% now. And this 
retail business that we have now, that will start becoming more meaningful as years go by 
because the number of stores will increase. 
As we have more points of sale, the turnover as a whole in terms of the business will start 
growing. So that will take away share from the fabric business in percentage terms. 
Pratik Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, are there any plans to extend ZECODE or DEVO into online or even 
omnichannel formats? And how do you see digital channels complementing your physical retail 
strategy? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So in terms of e-commerce, right now, ZECODE and DEVO are not on the e-commerce channel 
because business is new and we are focused on the offline format. And we will continue to focus 
on that format for some time because we need to establish a foothold in terms of the number of 
stores that we open to be able to justify operating costs at an overhead level. 
But of course, online is a format that is growing, and it is a complementing format for a physical 
retail in terms of a retail brand experience for the consumer. So that is something that will be 
looked at, at a later stage. But of course, that is something at the back of our minds. 
Pratik Shah: 
Okay, sir. Got it. And sir, one last question. As marketing investment increased to support new 
brands like ZECODE and DEVO, so how should investors think about marketing spend as a 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
percentage of revenue over the next few years? And when do you expect this spend to be 
normalized? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So marketing is an important part of something that we continue to do because our traditional 
business is also a branded business. And advertising for us is more of an investment in terms of 
building the brand and to be able to continue to be in the mind of the consumer. This activity 
has been ongoing. We had a little pause during COVID and then restarted maybe a year or two 
ago. This year also, we have elaborated our marketing spends and being able to be visible during 
the festive season. 
The new brands, ZECODE and DEVO, since they are more regional specific at the moment, the 
marketing spends are more regional and more digital. The spends as a percentage of turnover, 
we have indicated between 4% to 5% of revenue. And this is the kind of number that we are 
comfortable with and will continue this year as well as in the ongoing years. And this includes 
the new businesses as well as the traditional businesses. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv Jain from Arcane Investments. 
Rajiv Jain: 
So firstly, could you share your view on how discretionary spending patterns are evolving, 
particularly when comparing demand for premium fabric offerings versus the mass and value-
driven categories? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
We feel that India is a very large country, and  discretionary spending is something that now in 
this festive season is always  high, in terms of when you look at the overall year. When there is 
discretionary spending during festive season, there are all kinds of different audiences and 
therefore, premium as well as mass kind of fabrics, at all kinds of price points do well. 
 Of course, on the value side, the audience is much larger and therefore, the numbers are much 
larger. But there is a good number of customers at the premium end as well. So it's more festive 
driven than price point driven. 
Rajiv Jain: 
Understood, sir. So secondly, in the current market scenario, are you witnessing any maybe 
pricing pressures from organized competitors or maybe less unorganized players? And how is 
the company balancing competitive pricing with margin protection? Could you shed some light 
on that? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So a large part of the business comes from the fabric business where there are not many branded 
players. And I don't think there are any pricing pressures as such. This is something that we stick 
to what we do. We have a variety of different blends and different markets that we are, in terms 
of the product in suiting and shirting, there is, in suiting, for example, from poly-viscose to 
woollen blends. 
In shirting, there are polycotton, cotton, linen blends. So there are a variety of different products 
and at different price points. So it is just about being able to have the distribution, supply chain, 
efficiencies, all of that rather than looking at pricing pressures. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vriddhi Vora from SAS Capital . 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Vriddhi Vora: 
So the question is the company's EBITDA margin has declined to 13.2%, which was 14.1% in 
Q3 FY '25? So could you clarify the reason which led to this decline? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
I think I've already mentioned earlier that there are two or three main reasons. One is the 
employee cost because of the new labour code, that was a hit we had to take, as well as some 
increase in advertising, and this retail business that we have earlier indicated to drop our 
EBITDA. In any case, I would recommend that we don't look at quarter-on-quarter numbers.  
We have to look at the yearly numbers because of the seasonal nature of business. And in an 
annual level, we indicate and continue to guide with a 14% approximate EBITDA level and then 
the retail loss that will reduce that further. 
Vriddhi Vora: 
Okay. And sir, how do you decide between the opening large format versus small format stores? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
You're mentioning about ZECODE in particular? 
Vriddhi Vora: 
Yes. 
Gaurav Poddar: 
This was an experiment that when we started out in ZECODE, we wanted to experiment with 
these two sides formats. One was a small format which is about 4,000 to 6,000 square feet and 
the larger format which was 6,000 to 8,000, 9,000 square feet. So in the initial stage, we did both 
these formats. But over the course of this year, we have experienced that the larger format stores 
are performing better in terms of consumer experience, in terms of being able to display our 
products and give our offerings in a better manner. 
So we are more focused on the larger format shops, unless it's a mall or something else where 
we are forced to select something at about 5,000 square feet. So in general, our store strategy is 
the sizes are more on the larger size, so 6,000 to 8,000 square feet approximately. 
Vriddhi Vora: 
And further, we know the ongoing investment which we have done in retail expansion and brand 
building. So what EBITDA margin range should we consider as sustainable over a medium term 
once the business reaches a more normalizing operating environment? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
These are something that we will start sharing a little later on. We are looking at these businesses 
first in terms of opening the stores, getting them at an operating efficiency level. Even at a small 
base of stores, sourcing for these stores are still a challenge. So there are gross margin challenges. 
So these are all initial struggles that everyone has to go through, and we are going through that 
and hoping to establish that in a year or so. So we'll be able to get into more numbers maybe in 
a few quarters from now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Priti Agarwal from SK Associates. 
Priti Agarwal: 
I wanted to know that how is your in-house design and R&D capability helping differentiate 
your fast fashion offering? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So our in-house design has already been in place without fast fashion as well because we are 
already in the fabric and apparel business. We have multiple designers and sampling 
infrastructure that is created in our factories to help us predict and design for the future. We also 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
have a lot of subscriptions to international forecasts and international trends. CADINI, our 
Italian brand and subsidiary also exposes us to a lot of fashion that's happening in the European 
segment where actually fashion originates and inspirations are drawn from, where we participate 
in exhibitions, we visit other fashion-forward designers and other places in Europe through that 
business. 
So there is already a lot of synergy that is there within the business. And the product being 
fashion-forward and the product being trendy is something that we feel is a USP for the company 
because of the background of the company being in the fabric business in the first place. 
Priti Agarwal: 
Understood. And are you seeing any better traction in South India for ZECODE and DEVO in 
North India as per the strategy? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Yes. So we had a reason to get into the particular places for each brand, and we wanted to stick 
to a cluster. Successfully, we've been able to stick to that cluster. And of course, as the year has 
gone on and the festive season, we are midway through the festive season now in the wedding 
season, and we've seen great traction in the last few months and very encouraging response for 
both the brands. 
Priti Agarwal: 
Understood. And are there any plans for strategic partnerships or acquisitions in the future? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
I mean we don't have anything at the moment in mind, but we are always open to discussing 
new ideas. At the moment, we are more focused on the existing challenges that we've taken in 
terms of these two new retail brands and capital allocation also is being done for these two 
brands. So anything is available, we are always happy to consider and look at it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Patil from Equentis Wealth Advisory. 
Deepak Patil: 
Sir, this year revenue guidance for retail business stated  INR70 crores to INR80 crores. Could 
you share the expected revenue trajectory for next year for the retail business and the key drivers 
behind this growth outlook? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So we have only given guidance for the end of this year, which is about INR70 crores to INR80 
crores. And with the current run rate that you are at, we expect to be, comfortably achieve these 
numbers. For the next year, by the next quarter, I think we'll be in a better position to give you 
a guidance. The key reason for the increase in growth will be, of course, new store openings as 
well as the main reason will be the better efficiency of the existing stores that we opened. So 
that is going to help us to get to the next level in the next year. 
Deepak Patil: 
Okay. And are we in the line to achieve our guided EBITDA margin for this year? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Since the beginning of the year and even last year, we have always stuck to a guidance of about 
14% EBITDA margin approximately, plus or minus. And by the end of the year, we are confident 
of reaching that number. The retail business is going to give a loss that is 100, 150 basis points 
that will reduce from this EBITDA margin. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Mishra from Bava Investments. 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Varun Mishra: 
Just a follow-up question. Sir, how do we balance our investments between the legacy business 
and the new retail brands? Could you help with that? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Legacy business is more of an asset-light model and doesn't need regular capital investments. 
It's more of maintenance Capex, which we have indicated in the line of INR50 crores, INR60 
crores, maybe INR50 crores, INR70 crores in every year. So that is more of a maintenance kind 
of Capex. So there is, it's not a huge number, and there is sufficient cash flow. 
Even the retail business is a more calculated approach where we have indicated, I think, about 
INR35 crores to INR40 crores that we will spend this year. So it's a calibrated approach, which 
we are confident of for the inflow of funds as well. 
Varun Mishra: 
All right. And sir, exports have contributed to approximately 9% of our revenue. So how do you 
see to scope, like scale this further? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So as I mentioned earlier, export environment is very good for India in terms of government 
initiatives for manufacturing as well as the external environment, the treaties that are being 
signed. So all in all, India as a manufacturing hub is seeing a big fill up, and that's something 
that will also help our company. Export as a percentage is something difficult to say how much 
that will grow because even the rest of the 90% is growing. But as an overall value, this business 
will grow, and it is something that we are keenly looking at. 
Varun Mishra: 
So the recent, the European FTA signed, so how, can we see as beneficial for us in terms of 
increasing our export share? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Of course. So we are exporting fabrics as a semi-finished product, which is going to a garment 
converter to convert into a final garment, which will then get used by the brand, which is 
normally a retailer. So the orders come in from the retailer, and they nominate us as a fabric 
supplier. So although it's not a direct export to the brand, but these FTAs will increase India as 
a hub, and they will encourage brands to look at India as a larger manufacturing hub. 
And therefore, indirectly, we'll get benefit from these kind of treaties and the export environment 
helping India. Additionally, we are also looking at how we can expand our garment 
infrastructure to supply formal trousers rather than just suiting fabrics. And that is something we 
are working on, then we can become a direct supplier, but that is some time away, and we are 
working on that as well. 
Varun Mishra: 
So then, sir, post this, can we see, like you guided a margin of 13%, 13.5%, something like that. 
So can we see an increase because of the good beneficiary environment which we have as of 
now? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
I think the margin is,  looking at just a quarterly margin is not a good indication. We will remain 
in line with what margin that we have indicated in terms of EBITDA level for the whole year. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
Ms. Ayushi Gupta for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Ayushi Gupta: 
Thank you. I would like to thank the management for taking the time out for this conference call 
today and also thank all the participants. If you have any queries, please feel free to contact us. 
We are MUFG Intime India Private Limited, Investor Relation Advisors to Siyaram Silk Mills 
Limited. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Siyaram Silk Mills Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
