 
 
09 February, 2026 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Capital Market – Listing, Exchange Plaza  
5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
NSE SCRIP CODE: CHOLAFIN EQ 
The Secretary  
BSE Ltd. 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
BSE SCRIP CODE: 511243 
 
Dear Sirs / Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings call for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 
 
Further to our letter dated 2 February, 2026, informing you regarding the upload of the audio 
recording of the Earnings Call for the quarter ended 31 December, 2025, we enclose the copy of the 
Transcript of the Earnings Call, which has also been uploaded on the Company’s website today in the 
following link: 
 
https://www.cholamandalam.com/investors/call-transcript 
  
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
  
Yours faithfully, 
For Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
  
  
 
  
P. Sujatha 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
P 
Sujatha
Digitally signed 
by P Sujatha 
Date: 2026.02.09 
16:13:47 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
 
“Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company 
Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 02, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VELLAYAN SUBBIAH – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN 
– CHOLAMANDALAM INVESTMENT AND FINANCE 
COMPANY LIMITED  
 
MR. RAVINDRA KUNDU – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CHOLAMANDALAM 
INVESTMENT AND FINANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
 
MR. ARUL SELVAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER– 
CHOLAMANDALAM INVESTMENT AND FINANCE 
COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NISCHINT CHAWATHE – KOTAK SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the interaction with management of Cholamandalam 
Investment and Finance Company Limited. We will discuss 3Q FY '26 earnings today. The 
senior management is represented by Mr. Vellayan Subbiah, Executive Chairman; Mr. Ravindra 
Kundu, Managing Director and CEO; and Mr. Arul Selvan, Chief Financial Officer. I would 
now like to hand over the call to Vellayan for his opening comments, after which we will take 
the Q&A. Over to you, Vellayan. 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
Thank you, Nischint, and good morning, everyone. I'm happy to take you through our 
performance for Q3 FY '26. We had aggregate disbursements of INR29,962 crores, which is a 
growth of 16% year-on-year, and that takes our AUM to INR227,770 crores. AUM growth 
remained steady at 20% at the end of this quarter. Disbursements saw healthy growth across all 
major product segments in the quarter. 
Vehicle finance delivered a 17% year-on-year increase in disbursements, supported by broad-
based industry momentum across CVs, PVs and 2-wheelers in both new and used categories. 
GST rate reduction also helped bring down vehicle prices, which further strengthened customer 
sentiment and supported sustained demand across segments. LAP, Home Loan, and SBPL also 
delivered strong disbursements growth during the quarter. 
This momentum was supported by sustained housing demand across key markets, coupled with 
healthy traction in mortgage-backed lending for both self-occupied residential properties and 
SME credit demand. Q3 witnessed robust customer inquiries and improved conversion rates 
across segments, contributing meaningfully to the overall expansion of our retail mortgage 
portfolio. 
LAP grew disbursals by 26% year-on-year and home loans grew disbursals by 10% year-on-
year and SBPL by 30% year-on-year in Q3 of FY '26. AUM growth in these business verticals 
continue to be strong with LAP registering  31%, HL registering 27% and SBPL having a 52% 
growth over Q3 FY '25. 
 
Disbursement growth in the unsecured segment was also strong with momentum picking up in 
Q3, registering a 32% growth over Q2 of FY '26. Due to the withdrawal from fin-tech-based 
lending, the growth year-on-year continues to be negative over Q3 of FY '25. This will change 
from Q1 of FY '27 as we had stopped lending through fin-tech relationships from Q1 of FY '26.  
Likewise, in SME, also the growth in disbursement over Q3 of FY '25 continues to be negative 
due to the conscious slowdown in supply chain finance.On a sequential basis, disbursals grew 
by 16%, driven by term loans and equipment finance. The AUM growth was robust at 33%. The 
newly introduced gold loan business disbursed INR772 crores during Q3 FY '26 operating out 
of 118 dedicated branches in the South and Eastern parts of India.  
As highlighted in our previous call, NIM improved by 33 bps in Q3 over previous year with the 
RBI's rate cut progressively impacting our cost of funds favourably. 
 
Operating expenses have remained steady on a year-on-year basis, even after incorporating the 
impact of the new labour code in this quarter. This reflects our continuous focus on cost 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
discipline and productivity. Credit costs improved marginally as the impact of running down the 
fin-tech business continues to influence our credit costs. On the vehicle finance side, the credit 
costs have stabilized, and we are looking at a reasonable moderation in Q4. 
 
ROA for Q3 FY '26 stands at 3.2% and ROE at 19.11%. With the second half progressing well, 
we anticipate Q4 to reflect improved performance in line with past trends. In terms of liquidity 
and capital adequacy, we hold a strong liquidity position with total liquid assets of INR18,857 
crores, including undrawn sanction lines. The ALM is comfortable with no negative cumulative 
mismatches across all time buckets. 
 
Our capital adequacy position stood at 19.16% in December '25 with Tier 1 capital at 14.12%. 
Out of the total issuance of INR2,000 crores, CCDs amounting to INR307 crores were converted 
in the month of October 2025. Further, INR1,063 crores of CCDs were converted in January 
2026. This will improve Tier 1 capital in Q4 of 2026. 
There's a balance of INR633 crores of CCDs, which is expected to be converted in July of 2026. 
And finally, the Board approved the payment of an interim dividend of 65%, which is INR1.30 
per share. So, Nischint, I'll stop with that, and we'll be happy to turn it over to you for questions. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
The first question comes from Suraj Das of Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Suraj Das: 
Sir, one question on the vehicle side. First, in terms of the asset quality, I mean, if I look at the, 
let us say, overall credit cost on the vehicle that is running a bit higher versus your historical 
levels. Anything that you want to call out in terms of specific geography or particular OEM or 
probably any subsegment that is probably giving pain? While you were highlighting that 
probably the vehicle credit cost will see substantial moderation going ahead.  
But what would be the rationale? Is it because of, let us say, the growth and hence, automatically 
the credit cost coming down? Or it would be more from underlying cash flow improvement from 
the borrowers or maybe the state governments payment coming in or something like that? 
 
So just first, if you can highlight, I mean, what is the cause of this pain because your vehicle 
credit cost is running at 2%, which is relatively higher versus the peers as well as the historical 
levels. That will be my first question. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
So, a few data points which I would like to tell you about the vehicle finance is that Stage 3 from 
June quarter of 3.89% has gone up to 4.1% in September and December, it has remained at 
4.17%. So, in Stage 3, we have got the stability now. As far as Stage 2 is concerned, it is 3.9% 
in June and gone up to 3.96%, but it has come down to 3.6%. So, 30 basis point improvement in 
Stage 2 has been seen. 
And also internally, we are monitoring the early default and nonstarters. Stage 3 has come down 
significantly – in  quarter 3 itself and likely to further improve in  March quarter. So, this is in 
line with our plan only. Our NCL numbers in quarter 1 was 2.2%, which has come down to 2.1% 
in quarter2 and  then in this quarter, it has further gone down to  2%. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
So, from the first quarter to third quarter, the NCL has  come down, though it is at an elevated 
level. But as you know that the first 2 quarters in India  has got impacted due to  rains and also 
capacity utilization got  impacted. That is the case, the seasonal effect. And it is similar to the 
last year. But this year onwards, we are seeing that there is a good demand coming up. Vehicle 
demand has improved after the GST rate cut and all those things happen. 
 
And then we are seeing that disbursements are going up. That means the deployment of the 
customers have improved and the capacity utilizations are improving. So, we are expecting 
quarter 4 of the vehicle finance is going to be very good and then they are going to maintain it 
in the next financial year. So, coming back to your point that it is at elevated level, yes, but it 
started coming down in the Stage 2 and early default and non-starters has come down. Stage 3 
is stable. From here, it will go down. 
Suraj Das: 
Sure, sir. But sir, this early starter or let us say, the early delinquency coming down, is it a factor 
of underlying cash flow improvement? Or is it a factor of more, let us say, growth? Because this 
quarter, the disbursement growth has been relatively good on a Q-o-Q basis? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Early default is basically pertaining to the first 6 months or 12 months of the book where the 
customer is getting into the first delinquent. So, it is nowhere related to the denominator effect. 
If one customer goes into the first bucket, it is early default or nonstarter. Only the period we 
basically monitor. Nonstarter for 6 months. And so, it is very stringent now, and it is nowhere 
getting impacted because of the denominator. 
And therefore, early default and nonstarter going down  and also Stage 2 coming down for the 
full book is actually the indication that the collection efficiency is increasing. And in the month 
of January also, we have seen that, which is completed recently. So, this trajectory is going to 
be maintained in vehicle finance. And not only in vehicle finance, we are seeing the similar 
impact and benefit coming in CSEL also. 
Suraj Das: 
And this improvement has been across OEM, across geography? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Across OEM, across geography, across the type of product, new and used. 
Suraj Das: 
Sure, sir. And sir, last question on growth. I think this quarter, the vehicle disbursement growth 
has been very strong, partly could be pent-up demand also, but how do you see the overall 
disbursement growth going ahead? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Since we have seen the January, I have the opportunity to tell you that things are looking better 
than quarter 3 in this quarter till now because  60 more days to go. So, quarter 4 will be better 
than quarter 3 in terms of overall disbursement and across all the businesses, we are seeing the 
disbursements are up. 
Like quarter 3, you would have seen that SME or CSEL are slightly behind in terms of the 
disbursement comparing the quarter 3 of the last year because they were doing much higher and 
they have given up some portfolio. But now the disbursements are up. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Suraj Das: 
Sure, sir. And if I can squeeze in last one question, sir. Can you give the slippages and write-off 
number in vehicle this quarter or 9 months maybe? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Those numbers are consistent actually. We have not seen any significant change in terms of 
write-off. 
Suraj Das: 
INR353 crores. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
INR353 crores up to INR401 crores. 
Suraj Das: 
Okay. And INR353 crores is write-off? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
No, INR401 crores. 
Suraj Das: 
Okay. And INR353 crores is the slippages. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
INR353 crores was the previous quarter.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
Kunal Shah from Citi. 
Kunal Shah: 
So, the first question was on home loan credit cost, not a significant number in absolute term on 
the base where it is. But if we look at it in terms of the credit cost in home loans, that has gone 
up. So, anything to read into it? Was there any one-off out there, which has led to slightly higher 
credit cost? And the second question was on CSEL. So now we have started to see the 
improvement on the disbursement side. 
So, there was a decent traction on a quarter-on-quarter basis on the disbursements. So going 
forward, maybe last time also you indicated that the stress has peaked out in CSEL. So should 
we see now significant improvement in CSEL and where should the credit cost stabilize 
compared to 6.4%. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Yes. Just to start with home loan, and this is one-off quarter for the home loan in terms of their 
NCL. What they did is that the non-SARFAESI pool working on and they got into the stage 
where the collection is visible through the legal. Now they have contacted or tied up with the 
ARC and given up INR65 crores of their Stage 3, wherein we booked the NCL upfront. So, the 
NCL hit is in the line of HL P&L is around INR35 crores for the INR65 crores of book, which 
basically they removed. 
 
And the income line is slightly elevated because of the whole deal has gone up by INR23 crores. 
So, the P&L line is actually not much gap. Therefore, you can see that the ROAs remain at 4.2%. 
So that's because of the -- we take NCL line, NCL, not like in -- in some of the players, we have 
seen that they do it slightly differently. They basically take  income also into the NCL line and 
keep the NCL better. But we have not done that. 
And we have also created a little bit of extra provision because now we are going to get this 
money collected through the ARC. So, we have not taken entire benefit. INR5 crores, INR6 
crores extra NCL we have taken. So, net-net, what I'm saying is that and even in the past, we 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
said that because the NBFC like Chola doesn't have the non-SARFAESI for less than INR20 
lakh for SBPL, HL and Affordable LAP. 
Time to time, when we get into the situation where we are quite confident that in such situation 
if we can collect money, then we will route it through ARC and get it done. And that is what is 
going to be the process even in the future. Once in a while, it will be done. But at ROA level, if 
you see that they are at very high level, 4.2%, and they will continue to do that. And their target 
of ROA of 4.5%, pretax ROA, Prashanth has been always saying that he will deliver it. So, we 
should actually rely on his commitment. Now coming to the CSEL... 
Kunal Shah: 
So, one thing -- sorry, on this. So, there was a sale to ARC during the quarter, and we had taken 
the provisioning knock of INR35-odd crores on that transaction. Is that the right interpretation? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Yes. NCL line. I think accounting line; let you understand from our CFO. 
Arul Selvan: 
No, let me explain. So, there is a INR65 crores of assets sold. And when you sell, you have to 
write it off in the book and the income that comes is coming in income line. This is as per the 
IndAS. So, it's not like the whole thing has been removed from the book as assets and you have 
brought the income, whatever the remaining. Provision, which have been carried, would have 
got reversed. Net impact is around INR35 crores in the NCL line. 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
It is 65 bps of the 1.1%. So, if it wasn't for this, it would have been 0.45%. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
And our overall NCL also would have been better for the company. But this is the right thing 
for the organization. That is what we are targeting. Now coming to the CSEL, CSEL NCL 
actually moving right direction. In quarter 1, it was 6.7%. Now quarter 2 was 7%, and now it 
has come down to 6.4%. And in absolute value also, the NCLs are coming down because of the 
rundown of the partnership book. 
And also, we are seeing the overall NCL of the traditional CSEL, which is like on-ground DSA, 
DST business, which is done unsecured personal loan business loan and professional loan, there 
also the absolute value NCLs are coming down. So, we are expecting the 6.4% of NCL of 
December quarter to further go down in quarter 4, and that trajectory will be maintained in next 
year also. 
You will see that because they have cut down almost INR500 crores disbursement per month 
from this financial year. And now they are reaching to the same level of disbursement what they 
used to hit it last year. From the next year, they will get the benefit of base and then disbursement 
look very high. So once that the disbursements start picking up and NCLs are going to go down. 
And even in the case of NCL, I would like to tell you what we have done into the DSA, DST 
business, where we segregated the entire portfolio into 4 category, diamond, gold, silver and 
bronze. And every quarter, we have removed bronze, silver and gold and now we are only 
sourcing the diamond quality of the portfolio, which has got the very lower NCL as of now. But 
the overall NCL because of the new portfolio will start appearing after 1 year. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
So, we are moving in that direction. By doing that, we have also successfully maintained our 
disbursement growth at the same level. And now we will start growing the disbursement with 
the better quality of sourcing. So, the quality of sourcing is improving. Disbursement growth is 
improving and portfolio quality is improving in terms of NCL. So, this is a good news from the 
CSEL side. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. So, the question was where should it settle ideally compared to 6.4%. After doing this, if 
we are sourcing diamond category, 4 quarters down the line, what should be the steady-state 
NCL in CSEL? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
That's what I said that this entire book of diamond will be accumulated in next 2 to 3 years' time. 
And ideally, by that time,  we should improve the number significantly. That is the number. So, 
at this juncture, I don't want to commit any number. 6.4% is very high. And it can come down 
definitely below 5% in next financial year. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Next is Piran Engineer from CLSA. 
Piran Engineer: 
Just firstly, in the M&HCV segment, we are seeing demand migration towards large fleet 
operators, and that's being then tapped by the banks. How is it in the case of LCVs and SCVs? 
And is that a risk you foresee for this segment also? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
No. First of all, Piran, if you see in our HCV for last 2, 3 years, we slowed down our disbursals 
as compared to Industry in  HCV. And therefore, when the cost of funds started coming down, 
we started getting benefit to start acquiring more HCV customer. So, some numbers are very, 
very surprising to you that industry grew by 20%, but Chola grew by 56% in heavy commercial 
vehicle. But in the case of light commercial vehicle, we were already high. So therefore, our 
growth and market growth are more or less same. 
 
In the case of small commercial vehicle, the market is actually growing at the rate of, say, 16%, 
we grew by 28%, which is a high yield book. So, in the commercial vehicle segment, in the new 
segment, overall disbursement growth is coming because of market share as well as the industry. 
Banks are always there in the large and captive customer. We were always into the SRTO. SRTO 
were away from the market earlier because they were not seeing the capacity utilization. 
 
After the GST cut, when the cost of vehicle has come down and also EMI burden has come 
down because of both interest rate cut and also total loan has come down because of the vehicle 
price coming down. The SRTOs are now getting into that. So, our disbursement growth is not 
depending on whether bank is aggressive or not. It is depending on whether our segment is 
coming to the market to buy the vehicle or not. 
So, we are seeing that now that is happening. And therefore, HCV and small commercial vehicle 
started growing, and we are maintaining our market share at a similar level at the light 
commercial vehicle. Vellayan, do you want to comment? 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
His question is different. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Piran Engineer: 
Exactly. My question is different. It's more on like the market structure, right? Like, is the LCV 
market also heavily like towards fleet operators? Or is it more fragmented towards SRTOs, 
which is why you all can still continue to... 
Ravindra Kundu: 
LCV is more into the SRTO and less into the fleet. HCV is more into the fleet and less into the 
SRTO. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. And that will continue like this, you feel? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Yes, it will continue. Because in light commercial vehicle, it starts from 3.5-ton GVW to, say, 
19-ton GVW. So therefore, the range is large. As of now, the banks are concentrating in a high 
tonnage vehicle, which is like 10 ton plus. The lower tonnage vehicle is still is actually getting 
sold in the Tier 3, Tier 4, Tier 5 town where the people are buying for transporting vegetable 
and all. But they are mainly the market load operator where the NBFC is only financing. 
Balraj Menon: 
And to add on that, the retail operators, be it in light commercial vehicle, that is IM LCV, Indian 
segment, and M&HCV, we are seeing a strong traction of retail operators, which is Chola's set 
of customers coming in from November, December and that trend is continuing in the month of 
Jan. 
Piran Engineer: 
So, when you have like the Amazons and all the e-commerce players, which need that last mile 
distribution, do they end up outsourcing that to smaller transport operators? I would assume that 
this segment also gets more and more formalized with the proliferation of e-commerce. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
That is what I said know. In any case, that was there earlier, and they were actually being funded 
by bank. What I'm saying is that... 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
No, no. His question is on the e-commerce shift, right? So, the e-commerce shift, yes. So, Piran, 
to your question, the e-commerce players will prefer to contract with people that have a larger 
fleet. And you do see some people getting into fleet. But traditionally, so if you take the 
percentage that has gone to fleet in terms of these businesses, it is much, much less than heavy 
commercial vehicle. 
So heavy commercial has always been larger fleets. Here, you see it getting a bit more 
formalized. But Piran, it's only that the e-commerce segment that basically demands that, right, 
which is kind of this large level of formalization from their supply base. 
Piran Engineer: 
Correct. 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
Besides that, there's not that many... 
Ravindra Kundu: 
And also, this is there now for quite some time. So, post COVID, we are seeing this -- like e-
commerce buying the vehicle being funded by the banks are already there. It is not that this year, 
it is getting changed. The electric vehicle is getting more funded by the banks because those are 
getting actually purchased by the large operator. So, if the EVs are going to go up, then you will 
see the shift in that in terms of the mix between the banks and NBFCs. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Piran Engineer: 
Got it. My next question is on yields. Now when I look at, say, SME yields over the last 9 
months, they've been the same as it was in March '25 despite 100 bps of repo rate cut. Have we 
pruned low-yielding business? Or why hasn't the transmission happened? And likewise, even in 
LAP, and I'm just taking a longer time frame here, if I look versus pre-COVID and today, LAP 
yields are actually higher today? 
And it's counterintuitive given how much of SME, MSME competition we've seen in the last 5 
years. So just your comments on how we've been able to sustain yields in both these segments 
would be helpful? 
Suresh Kumar: 
On the LAP side, so post-COVID, we have also introduced small LAP with a higher rate of 
interest. And the business mix, which is kind of helping us in sustaining, we understood this is 
going to be a challenge and we changed the strategy immediately after the COVID. 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
In both situations, it's a business mix issue. If you take a like-for-like product, you will see yields 
coming down. But things we consciously are looking at is if we have to maintain, then kind of 
we do look at changing the mix as well. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
LAP has introduced a small LAP and that small LAP has now started getting the momentum. 
So, the amount of volume they are generating like INR8,000 crores, in that around 20% is 
coming from small LAP, which has got high and therefore, they are able to maintain the yield. 
At the same time, SME has given up the supply chain finance and they have reduced their 
disbursement by INR600 crores, what they used to do. And also, they have introduced the Micro 
Term Loan which is high yield 
Pankaj Murpani: 
Also Increase in equipment finance, which is like our equipment finance business has gone up, 
which is a shorter term and a higher rate of interest, the Industrial Equipment business. So that 
is helping us to improve over in the... 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Next in line is Shubhranshu Mishra from PhillipCapital. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. The first question is around the growth itself. We're 
looking at a stellar growth, which is coming because of the GST rate cut. Are we in discussions 
with various OEMs? Is there any RM inflation, which is to be passed, which could more likely 
offset the GST rate cut benefits that we have seen? CAFE norms is still in a discussion paper. 
Are we going to see any kind of rate hikes by OEMs there? 
 
Second is, if we can speak about various OEMs, what kind of market shares do we enjoy there? 
And what are we looking at in terms of market share increases, say, the larger OEMs like Maruti, 
Tata Motors, Mahindra, Ashok Leyland, the larger ones. 
 
The next question is a bit strategic in nature. When do we do we hit INR1,000 crores PAT on an 
annual basis in each of the 3 businesses -- new businesses that we have started, which is SBPL, 
SME and CSEL? And the third is just a data keeping question. What would be our FEMI in the 
personal loans? 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Lot of questions, Shubhranshu. 
Balraj Menon: 
For vehicle finance, as far as the OEMs are concerned, 2 things, what has happened from 
October, November, December across the segment, be it small commercial vehicle, light 
commercial vehicle, ILCV, M&HCV, passenger cars, all market shares we have grown. And as 
you know, we have our market share in Tata, Volvo, Eicher, Leyland, these have all grown and 
most of it are in double digits. Maruti, we have gained substantial market share across. Small 
commercial vehicle also, we have grown. 
So,  in2-wheelers,we have grown our market share in Royal Enfield, in Honda and of course, in 
Hero also because we are focusing in these 3 manufacturers mainly. So, to your question that 
across the board, our market shares have gone up and the growth has been higher than the market 
growth. And the trend has continued in the month of January. We hope this will continue for 
this quarter and going forward. 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
Okay, FEMI, you asked... 
Sucheth Bharathan: 
Yes. What is the question on FEMI? 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Current FEMI rate. 
Sucheth Bharathan: 
For FEMI rate, it used to be peaked at 3.90 percentage. But over the last 3 months, it has come 
down to 3.1, 3.2 types. –But  I would like to tell you that FEMI is never an indicator for any of 
your metrics because it requires what you call the NACH registration with the bank. All those 
things are as an indicator. So, I would say it has come down, but it is never an indicator from 
my past experience, I'm saying. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Just one clarification the market share, this is on volumes we are speaking of, right? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Yes, market share in numbers, on number. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
The last part, INR1,000 crores PAT... 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
Yes. I think the broad guidance has always been this, right, which is like when we get into some 
of the newer businesses, the growth rates will be higher than the growth rates in some of our 
traditional. But we  don't want to give guidance on when each of them are going to give 
INR1,000 crores in PAT. So so I don't think we'll give specific guidance on that. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Shubhranshu, actually, if you see that the CSEL now has a ROTA of 1.4% and what we have 
been discussing between me and Sucheth that he will deliver 3.5% ROA, which is normally we 
targeted in the next financial year. Both Vijay and Sucheth put together driving the CSEL 
business. 
So, most important thing is the ROA. In the case of SBPL, so if you take one by one new 
businesses, is already delivering PBT ROA more than 7% and SME started delivering more than 
2%. So, they are all moving towards the direction what we have set in the beginning in terms of 
profit. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Understood. This was very helpful and look forward to INR1,000 crores PAT in each of these 
businesses. Best of luck. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
The next question comes from Raghav Garg from AMBIT Capital. 
Raghav Garg: 
I have two questions. One, I just wanted to go back to the vehicle finance asset quality bit. See, 
when I look at your asset quality trends on this portfolio and compare it to peers, your trends 
seem to be a little inferior. Say, for example, the Q-on-Q drop in credit cost is lower, the Y-o-Y 
trend is higher. And even when I look at the net accretion to vehicle finance NPAs, it's on the 
higher side versus peers. 
So, I just wanted to understand, specifically with respect to your customer segment in the sense 
that why is he finding it difficult to repay you versus what we've seen for other auto NBFCs? Is 
there some customer-specific colour to this or any vehicle type colour to this? That's my first 
question. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
No. In our vehicle finance, if you know that our mix is not towards the one segment alone. It is 
actually distributed across all segments. That means we have been financing heavy commercial 
vehicle, light commercial vehicles, small commercial vehicles new. Suppose you come up with 
any finance company, which is more towards the used, the used is not so much deteriorated 
during the last 2 years. 
The small commercial vehicle and light commercial vehicle plus tractor has deteriorated in the 
last 2 years because of the slight monsoon deficit and then capacity utilization got impacted 
during last 2 years during the first half. Having said that, what I mentioned in the beginning of 
todays  call that our vehicle finance Stage 2 has come down from 3.96% to 3.61%. 
Whenever the Stage 3 goes up, like it was 4.11% in September quarter, now it is 4.17%, similar 
level. First, Stage 2 and early default and nonstarter start coming down. And then subsequently, 
you start seeing the improvement coming in Stage 3 as well. So, the trajectory is looking very 
good in terms of vehicle finance. You're asking why it has gone up. 
I have said that it's because of the mix of both new and used, not that either new or used, we are 
doing it. We are doing all product. And that is the reason things started looking slightly high in 
the Stage 3, but the trajectory is looking good from the early default and nonstarter point of view, 
and you will see the result in quarter 4 and going forward. 
 
And as far as the market and product is concerned, product and market across the geography, 
we do not have any concentration in terms of any particular market or any particular product is 
basically doing very bad. It is all distributed across. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. My second question is, I heard your commentary on early starter or nonstarter, those 
metrics showing improvement. So, my question is that, say, for example, if we see INR100 of 
credit cost in the vehicle finance portfolio, how much of this would you attribute to this specific 
bucket of early starter or nonstarter? And then if we see this number as a percentage of, say, 2 
or 4 quarter lakh disbursements, would that be the right way to look at it? 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Majority of the NCL is coming from Stage 2 assets. Stage 2 is obviously much lower, as I 
mentioned. So, Stage 3 also, we have not that we have single provisioning. In the Stage 3 as 
the... 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
His question is -- he is saying ED and nonstarter contribute to what percentage of... 
Ravindra Kundu: 
The ED nonstarter is part of the stage... 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
As a percentage of our NCL over time. So, from a cohort perspective, how much of it flows into 
this thing. So, I think that's your question. 
Raghav Garg: 
Yes. 
Arul Selvan: 
The behaviour of these 2 parameters indicates the business of the portfolio. So, if it is coming 
down, then it means that the current portfolio is behaving better. So the impact of this will be 
seen over the next 4 or 5 quarters because that means if there is a lesser of early default and 
nonstarters, then what happens is at a given point in time, the equity of the customer becomes 
larger, so he will not move out. That's the sort of the attribute we are looking towards as keep 
reducing this. 
Raghav Garg: 
See, my only point behind asking this question is because we don't get segment-wise stage 2 or 
even the net slippage on a segment-wise basis, just getting some colour as to how much of the 
credit cost from the vehicle finance is coming from the early bucket would just help in modelling 
the numbers better. That was the only objective behind asking this question. 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
I think understood. So, we can get back with that data. 
Raghav Garg: 
That will be helpful. I have one more question. Can I ask? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Yes. 
Raghav Garg: 
In the affordable HL, I think you mentioned  INR65 crores of principal has been sold to ARC. 
Is that right? Is that understanding right? 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
Yes. 
Raghav Garg: 
And despite that, the GNPA has come down only from INR376 crores to INR358 crores, which 
means that there have been some slippages here too. Is that understanding correct. So, any 
specific or geographic colour to this? 
Prashanth Kumar: 
No. Basically, only the non-SARFAESI pool, there is a slightly increase in delinquencies, which 
we do all the legal means to collect out of that. So, it is only the non-SARFAESI pool slightly 
gone up. It is not about any geographies. Geographies, in fact, everywhere the infant 
delinquencies are coming down. And Q4, we'll see this has started coming down everywhere. 
So, we'll maintain the NCL as 0.5 going forward. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Next is Shreya Shivani from Nomura. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Hi, hope I'm audible. I have 2 questions. My first question is on the vehicle book. So, in 
December and probably end of November, probably there were 2 cyclones that hit Southern part 
of India. And can you help us understand what has been the impact of these cyclones on our 
customer base? 
Is there some stress that can show up in the 4Q numbers because of this pool? My second 
question is on the growth outlook for some of the non-vehicle book. We backed out from the 
fin-tech portion, and we are going to scale up direct digital and consumer durable loans. 
Can you help us understand how much time will it take for you to set up the infrastructure for 
these 2 segments and then the growth can kick in for you? So, is the growth like 4 quarters away 
or 3 quarters away in these segments, which are basically replacing your fin-tech book? Those 
are my 2 questions. 
Balraj Menon: 
So, to answer the first question as far as the South zone is concerned, for the vehicle finance, 
last 4 months, South zone had the collection across all metrics is that they have done well. For 
the month of Jan also, in spite of the highest holidays in a year in South zone happens in the 
month of January with Pongal, Makar Sankranti, all this happening. 
So, we have done extremely well in South zone for the month till January. So, we are not facing 
or we have not seen any kind of pressure or stress as far as the cyclone and it has been very, 
very, very marginal. So, there's not much of impact on vehicle finance book in South zone for 
Chola. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
And as far as the CSEL is concerned, there are 2 segments of CSEL. One is the DSA, DST 
business, which we are now doing INR700 crores per month and then CD and digital lending 
book, which we are doing INR300 crores per month, so close to INR1,000 crores per month. 
Our peak was INR1,200 crores per month. But quarter 1 of this financial year was only INR2,000 
crores. So, if we do even INR1,000 crores we will do INR3,000 crores from the quarter 1, you 
will see significant growth coming up. 
 
And as I mentioned in the call –we have taken corrective measures in order to improve the 
quality of CSEL traditional in terms of removing the three segment of the portfolio, which we 
were actually causing the concern in terms of the NCL and still growing at the rate of INR700 
crores per month, which is going to grow the disbursement from quarter 1 at the rate of 25% 
plus. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Right. And in the digital and consumer durable, you said INR300 crores. I'm assuming that 
majority would be digital because consumer durable -- the infrastructure as in partnering with 
all these the stores, etcetera, would take time, right? So, the INR300 crores may be more digital. 
Is that understanding, correct? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Digital is actually INR100 crores and INR150 crores is around Samsung, and then around INR50 
crores is the CD business, which we are doing with Open market. So, around INR300 crores. 
And INR200 crores CD, INR100 crores digital. Still CD is higher than the digital. CD is only 
going to go up. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Vijay Kini: 
Yes. So, we have the tie-up in Samsung Finance Plus. So already the infrastructure is all set as 
far as the platform is concerned. So, our distribution is based on the Samsung Finance Plus 
platform itself. We're able to acquire more customers across the country. So, I think from a time 
lag perspective, that has been taken care of. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay. Interesting. Sobut you will be looking for more tie-ups in the CD, right? I mean, this must 
be your first -- yes, all right. 
Vellayan Subbiah: 
Yes. How many tie-up we have now? 
Vijay Kini: 
We already have about 9 tie-ups. We have broadly covered about 75% of the entire mobile 
market. So, we are actually working on distribution on the open market platform for CV.  
Vellayan Subbiah:  
In addition to this,we just moved out of mobile into household appliance segments as well. So, 
this is going to grow in different tiers over time, right? So, the first part is going to be mobile. 
And then the second part is going to be non-mobile, other household appliances. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Next comes from Viral Shah from IIFL. 
Viral Shah: 
Sir, I had 2 questions primarily. One is I was looking at your comments with regards to within 
the vehicle finance industry and therein, you have mentioned that the used vehicle finance prices 
saw good demand with replacement cycle kicking in or expected to kick in and prices declining. 
So over here, I just wanted to understand, first of all, two parts to it? 
Which subsegment of this, I would say, within vehicle, the used segment is seeing a demand 
pickup because of replacement? And secondly, what is the extent of the used CV prices 
declining? And if at all, you see any concerns with regard to asset quality over there? I'll ask the 
second question after this. 
Balraj Menon: 
See, there are 2 things. And see, immediately after the GST reduction was announced, there was 
a lull for almost 15 days. Subsequent to that, the market got corrected. And the initial spurt in 
demand happened in the M&HCV segment at the retail operator level. The real movement in 
and subsequently, it has flown towards the ILCV segment. So, M&HCV to ILCV segment. And 
in the M&HCV segment also in the used business, the initial was on the haulage segment. 
 
And in January, we are seeing a traction coming up in the tipper segment also because a lot of 
contracts have been released and the usage for the secondary segment, there is a demand for 
tipper also coming in. So, this is where it stands. See at the small commercial vehicle segment 
and all, we are yet to see a huge but it's more or less BAU as far as the small commercial vehicle 
segment is concerned in used business. ILCV, we are seeing a traction coming up. M&HCV 
started from haulage; it has moved to tippers. So, this is what the current scenario is. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Just to continue, Viral, this is also linked with the new HCV and new LCV sale. As the HCV 
market is growing, the replacement cycle also kicking up for the used. The people who are 
buying the vehicle, they are not only adding the vehicle, but they're also sometimes replacing 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
the vehicle what they have. So, when they sell their existing fleet and buy the new vehicle, new 
vehicle sales picks up and old vehicle sales also picking up. 
So, both are going to get benefited because when the existing customer having the vehicle are 
selling and that vehicle comes in the market, quality of the vehicles are good and that vehicle 
gives better price than the vehicle, which comes through the repo sale and all. So now the quality 
of the used vehicle coming in the market after, say, December or, say, after November, are 
quality-wise better. 
Little bit drop is there in terms of valuation of the vehicle, which is hardly 5%. But it doesn't 
matter because at the end of the day, if someone wants to buy new vehicle, wants to sell the 
vehicle, he need it for his replacement, customer need it for their deployment. So that is not 
important. Important is that the vehicle is available for us to finance. And therefore, our used 
business is going up from December onwards, which is likely to go up further in quarter 4. 
Viral Shah: 
Right. And how long, sir, do you see this replacement cycle playing out? Is this something that 
you expect over the next few quarters? Or is it just 4Q? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Yes. So, it is simple. Last 2 years, there has been lull in the new vehicle sale. So new vehicle 
sale now only it started picking up. Commercial vehicle did not pick up immediately after the 
GST cut. It has started only in December. In fact, December was very low. January, I'm seeing 
the peak impact is coming. 
And the passenger vehicle, whatever we have seen in the Q3, that remains same. It's not going 
up. So now the disbursements are driven by the new vehicle sale of commercial vehicle side, 
which is going to also support the used vehicle side. Suppose new vehicle is continuously, I'm 
talking about the heavy commercial vehicle and light commercial vehicle. It's continued to grow 
at the rate of, say, 15% or even 10% to 15%. 
Obviously, to that extent, the used vehicle is also going to come in terms of unit. Now when you 
are financing it, the GV value is actually matter for financing. So, if that is the case, 10% to 15% 
in the unit number, it converts into the value, it comes to 20% plus. And it can continue until 
such time, new vehicle sales continue. 
Viral Shah: 
Got it. And secondly, sir, the question was more for Arul, sir. Sir, how do you see now the cost 
of fund trajectory for you, given how the bond yield movements have been especially not just 
today, but I would say, over the last 3, 6 months as well, we have barely seen any reduction in 
the G-SEC rates. So how should we think about it? And consequently, the margins also going 
ahead? 
Arul Selvan: 
You're right. There has been no tightness in the liquidity as well as on the rates. But I think the 
good part is that, we have a mix, which is also partly fixed rate borrowings. So still there is steam 
left in that to reduce more on the NCD side, on the market borrowings and the MCLR side on 
the bank borrowings. These two will still give us another 5 to 10 basis points on the cost of fund 
reduction in next quarter is what we are working on, which should at least to a large extent, flow 
through to the NIM. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Viral Shah: 
And sir, beyond that? 
Arul Selvan: 
Beyond that, I don't think there is... 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Beyond that, we need to increase the NIM through business only. So, in the quarter 4, obviously, 
due to better collection your other income goes up, and you have seen that last year, if you take 
the investor presentations, you are able to see quarter 4 NIMs are always higher. So, we are 
going to expect that also in this quarter. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Next comes in a question comes in from the line of Akshay Jain, from Autonomous. 
Akshay Jain: 
So, my first question is again on margins. So, while you have indicated that next quarter, the 
margins will go up because of two impacts. One, cost of funds will come down. And number 
two, other income being pretty well in 4Q. So currently, the NIMs are around 8% odd and maybe 
next quarter, given your guidance or given your outlook, it can go up to, say, 8.1%, 8.2% range? 
But how should we look at F '27? Like should we expect the margins to be held around similar 
levels, 8.1-ish, 8.2-ish levels? Or how should we think about NIMs incrementally? And what 
will be our incremental cost of funds in this quarter? 
Arul Selvan: 
First of all, I said 5 to 10 basis points, you took it to 20 basis points. 
Akshay Jain: 
No. So, I included the other income as well? 
Arul Selvan: 
No, no, all put together only income, so 8.1% would be the quarter 4 number. So overall, we 
should end the year with around shade less than the 7.9% we are talking here. I expect it to hold 
next year to a large extent unless there is some drastic increase. I don't see any reduction coming 
through beyond current levels. So I hope unless there are some macro issues cropping up, that 
should not be increased also. So, we should hold at the current level. 
Akshay Jain: 
Understood. And on the AUM growth, while you have guided for a wide range of 20%, 25% 
and given the strong Q3 and your comments on continued strong January. So, should we expect 
the AUM to grow at the higher end of this range? 
Arul Selvan: 
No. See, it is the same thing in the reverse way. When disbursement dropped in Q1, Q2, AUM 
didn't drop that far. So same way when in 1 or 2 quarters of disbursement peaking, AUM will 
also not react so fast. So still, we hold a 20% to 22% AUM growth for the current year. Yes, we 
will look at opportunities to improve, but I don't want to give any guidance beyond that. 
Akshay Jain: 
Understood. And any guidance on the credit cost front also? Because for this year, you had 
mentioned around 1.6 percentage and 4Q is expected to be strong for Chola? 
Arul Selvan: 
So, this is a third question. So, let's skip it. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Next question comes from the line of Aravind Ravichandran from Sundaram. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Aravind Ravichandran: 
So, my question is on SBPL business, where like net credit cost is moving up continuously for 
the past few quarters. So, do we see any risks to growth there in the near term into that business? 
And are we comfortable with this level of credit costs? That is my first question. And second 
question is on LAP business. 
Should we consider then spreads and margins to hold largely despite rate cuts, which has come 
through because of the mix change which is happening continuously? And if I can ask one more 
question, in affordable housing segment, should we start to see again the disbursements growth 
picking up? 
Ashish Potulwar: 
For SBPL, the credit cost for Q3 may look higher, but it has basically reached a peak. We don't 
see any more increase as far as credit cost is concerned. In fact, actually, if we go geographically, 
two of our zones have already started improving in December and January. It will reflect in Q4 
end and in Q1, definitely, you'll see stabilization of that. And further to that, it will start going 
down. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
And also, we've mentioned that in the past that SBPL is entirely a non-SARFAESI book. So, the 
collection is through a traditional way of doing legal and also the follow-up on ground. So 
traditional way of doing legal means, that means it takes 2 to 3 years' time. It requires a cycle of 
resolution of the case which is there in the pipeline. So now we started getting resolution through 
legal in some markets. 
And in some markets, we are yet to get it. So that's the reason Ashish is commenting that the 
NCLs are picking up now here. And from here, we can actually expect that NCL will go down. 
And also, in the case of SBPL, from time to time, we'll see that how we can actually do some 
ARC sale and reduce the Stage 3. That is also in the pipeline. Their PBT ROA is quite good at 
a very high level at 7.3%, and they will continue to deliver this. In the case of HL... 
Suresh Kumar: 
In case of LAP, if we look at it last year to current year, there's a 20-basis point increase in the 
margin, but this is primarily because of the product mix. We have continued to expand our higher 
interest product. But equally also, we are expanding our geo to the Tier 3, Tier 4, which is also 
helping us in sustaining our yields. Now this NIM will be about at the same range. 
We will continue to hold it at the same levels. And that would be a slight increase in the -- if you 
look at the Q3 opex, it's about 1.8%, and the YTD opex is 1.7%. It will again be at the same 
range bound, 1.7% to 1.8%. I think there should not be any material impact on the overall ROA, 
if at all it would be 10 basis points maximum. Otherwise, it will be at the same range. 
Prashanth Kumar\0: 
And for HL growth side, we have seen a good quarter, and we hope to see -- we have always 
maintained that the book growth -- AUM growth will be around 28% to 30%, and we see that 
coming for the next 2 years. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Next, we have Nidhesh Jain from Investec. 
Nidhesh Jain 
Sir, my question is on growth and asset quality. So, if I look at segmental data in home loans, 
our GNP has been increasing, if I add the ARC transaction. In SBPL also, our GNP has been 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
increasing. There is slight increase in SME also. So, what gives us confidence in growing these 
segments? In the CSEL segment when the GNPAs were increasing, we have slowed down the 
growth. But in these segments, we are continuing to push growth. So, what is giving us 
confidence to continue to grow despite increasing GNPA? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
So, we have seen that in the case of HL, LAP and SBPL, even in the SME, there are 2 type of 
customers who are getting into this Stage 3. One are they who can be resolved by the SARFAESI 
and one is non-SARFAESI. SARFAESI cases are getting resolved because in these property 
business, mortgage business when you have a property, you will get the money because they're 
appreciating asset. So, there is no point that you're going to lose money unless you have a 
problem in the property itself. So, we are confident that the underlying security is in place. 
 
It's just a matter of time, either SARFAESI 9 months to 12 months and non-SARFAESI, it takes 
2 to 3 years. So that's the reason we have done the deal in the case of non-SARFAESI in HL 
book. And we are seeing that even after doing all this thing in HL, the steady-state NCL is going 
to be 0.5% to 0.6% and the PBT ROA is going to be 4.5%. And similarly, in the case of LAP, 
they are commenting that they will continue to deliver 3.7% to 3.8%. And in the case of SBPL, 
again, they are delivering 7% plus PBT ROA. 
 
In the case of SME, as we mentioned that since the term loan book, which is actually, again, 
with the mortgage of the property of the customer, which takes time because here, the entire 
book is SARFAESI. But it is a corporate customer where the SARFAESI takes a little bit more 
time because the customer contests for a longer period. 
And that is the reason SARFAESI cycle in the SME, it takes 1.5 years. And we are seeing that 
some results have started coming in the month of December, which is going to continue in 
quarter 4. And quarter 4 onwards, you will see with a better result in the SME in terms of the 
Stage 3 reduction and NCL reduction. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Our next question comes from Sonal Gandhi of AMSEC. 
Sonal Gandhi 
So my question was more on the PBT ROTA. So, for a long time, we've been guiding that we'll 
be closer to 3.5%. Obviously, we understand this issue with credit cost. But going ahead, maybe 
when we are also talking about consumer durable business, okay? So that's a high infra-heavy 
business, probably ROAs would not come until you reach a scale? 
So how do you see opex and how do you see PBT ROTA for CSEL and overall business, say, 
for FY '27 and FY '28? And second one was on the impact of new labour code. So, are we done 
with the entire -- have we taken the entire impact in this quarter? Or is there anything to meaning 
for the Q4? 
Arulselvan: 
Well, CSEL still is a very small percentage of the overall AUM, so around 7% of the overall 
AUM. And as we scale up, we will certainly make sure that it starts contributing at the same or 
a similar expectation levels of about 3% ROTA and progressively build thereon from there. So 
that should not be a change. The larger impact will be once we correct the Vehicle Finance 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
business and then the other businesses coming in, with their expected levels of ROTA. Those 
two will be the contributing factors to reach the 3.5% pretax ROTA. 
 
And with regard to the labour code, yes, we have provided for the gratuity fully for all the past 
period based on the actuarial value, which is but that's been completely covered. The rest will 
be only on a month-on-month basis changing. So, there may be a slight difference in the salary 
cost as we do some corrections with regard to the page definition per se, but I don't see that as a 
big game-changer. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
We'll take the last question from the line of Abhijit from Motilal Oswal. 
Abhijit: 
Ravi, sir, just 2 questions. One is, I mean, if you look at this financial years, FY '25, '26, right? 
I would say, I mean, difficult years from March '24 to now. I mean, we've discussed in the past, 
right, that infrastructure spending has actually been very slow. I think I heard on the call earlier 
today that GST cuts, and we're seeing very good momentum in Q3, expecting that to continue 
into Q4? 
But if you look at the asset quality, right, I mean, from March '24 to now, right, I mean just one 
direction, things have kept deteriorating. Do you think this is just to do, I mean, with the weak 
macro that we are seeing and for a significant improvement because, obviously, we are in Q4, 
we would look at a better Q4. But then we, again, head into the seasonally weaker first half of 
the next fiscal year? 
So, I mean, what do you think we really need, right, as an industry, at Chola for things to 
substantially start improving from here in terms of asset quality? And the other thing is, in terms 
of noninterest income, are there any initiatives that we are taking to improve the fee income or 
the noninterest side of things, noninterest income side? Those two questions. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Good morning, Abhijit. See, for the last 1.5 years, starting as you mentioned, 2024 immediately 
after the election or from the election year itself, that quarter itself, we started seeing that there 
is a problem in terms of vehicle finance, in terms of the NCLs are going up. And then it is couple 
with -- so in our business, we have 8 business lines. 
Out of 8 business lines, we have only 2 business lines where the NCLs are high, one is Vehicle 
Finance, the CSEL. So, Vehicle Finance is entirely due to the macro. And CSEL is because of 
the partnership business has gone slightly higher. That is one reason. So, it is not related to 
macro, I'll say. It is because of the segment. 
 
And also, in the case of CSEL traditional, which is unsecured, given the professional, personnel 
and the business loan, it is because of the type of process it is being adopted by the entire industry 
that at that point in time, the multiple fundings were happening for a customer. Number of loans 
being given to one customer where high, number of inquiries were high. 
And that is the reason in that segment, the NCL went up, which is because the number of players 
suddenly went up and then the DSA, I think I can say the little advantage they have taken and 

 
 
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
therefore, that segment got impacted. Otherwise, when that segment was done by a few, that 
problem was not there. 
 
So, if you see CSEL and VF business where INR600 crores and INR300 crores put together 
INR900 crores NCL is coming in the quarter. I am expecting that, that number will start 
significantly going down because the capacity utilization in vehicle has improved significantly. 
And as you mentioned that Stage 2 is coming down, that means collection efficiency has 
improved. That is going to start showing up in the NCL also from the quarter 4. 
 
Now coming to the future, the seasonality effect is going to be there. There has been 2 problems 
in vehicle, seasonality and cyclicity. So, I am expecting that the cyclicity problem is going to 
get resolved if the vehicle demand is continued to be there, from now onwards till next 3, 4 
years, as we have seen that the cycles are actually 4 years up and 1 and 1.5 years down. So, 
Vehicle Finance has a good news if the cyclicity gets resolved. 
 
Seasonality impact is going to be there. And that is the effort we need to put it on ground, which 
I think because during the cyclicity, we improved the collection, feet on the street, on ground 
more. Then after the cyclicity problems gets resolved, our collection efficiency improved 
significantly. So, Vehicle Finance is going to be better, significantly better from quarter 1. If the 
cyclicity program is not their, seasonality is there. 
 
Now coming to the CSEL, as I mentioned, the indication is that the numbers are looking better 
because the partnership book has already come down from INR3,000 crores to INR600 crores. 
So, the partnership book NCL is completely getting eliminated from the next financial year. And 
traditional CSEL business, their NCL has also started coming down. So, both put together, there, 
NCL will look better as we mentioned that they can go down as low as 5%. So, both the sides, 
we are benefited in time to come. 
Abhijit: 
And the last thing on the noninterest income side, are we taking any initiatives there to improve? 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Non interest as such in our business is not much the fee income, what we do it, by doing the 
protecting the asset and the life of the customer. What we do in insurance is with the income is 
coming and then other income is coming from the additional finance charges and all in fee 
collected. So, what is going to happen in the time, when the collection improves -- I mean, this 
is very specific to Vehicle Finance. 
Whenever collection improves, the other income goes up. And that is the reason the fee income 
or other income, whatever you say that it's going to go up in the quarter 4. And if that continued, 
as I mentioned, if the cyclicity is improved in quarter 1 onwards, and their collection is 
improving, stage 3 is coming down. During that period, for start period, for at least 1 year, you 
will see that the overall income will be high. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Thank you very much. This concludes the call. Thank you, participants for joining us today, and 
thanks a lot to the management for giving us an opportunity to host the call. 
Ravindra Kundu: 
Thank you. Nischint.  
