 
        DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
         CIN – L72900DL1986PLC330369 
         Regd. Office: JA-122, 1st Floor, DLF Tower A, Jasola, New Delhi – 110025, Tel: +91 11 41251965 
         Corp. Office: Spice Global Knowledge Park, 19A & 19B, Sector – 125, Noida – 201301, Uttar Pradesh, India – Tel: +91 120 5029101 
         Email ID: complianceofficer@digispice.com  | Website: www.digispice.com 
 
 
 
Date: 25th February, 2026 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 517214 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: DIGISPICE 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Investors/Analysts Conference Call held on 19th February, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Regulation 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached 
herewith the transcript of the Investors/ Analyst Call held on 19th February, 2026 with senior 
management team. 
 
The 
transcript 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at: 
https://investorrelations.digispice.com/information.php?page=transcripts. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above on record and acknowledge the receipt of the same.  
 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
 
 
(Pankaj Arora) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
PANKAJ 
ARORA
Digitally signed by PANKAJ ARORA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=3503, 
2.5.4.20=c550fa1e86e26546090bf40b22365898e4c920436012976122041f196ab
f9a70, postalCode=110032, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=a54c0541f004946777b26ad20027def509fd50e2c957c0c707774ff
d178786af, cn=PANKAJ ARORA 
Date: 2026.02.25 17:59:10 +05'30'

     
 
 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
Q3 & Nine Months’ FY 2026 Earnings Call 
February 19, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Participants:  
Mr. Dilip Modi: Chairman, DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited & Chief Executive Officer, 
Spice Money Limited  
Mr. Sunil Kapoor: Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer, Spice Money Limited  
Ms. Aastha Garg: Head Investor Relations, Spice Money Limited  
 
 
Moderator:  
Ms. Hashika Mutreja: Investor Relations Partner, Adfactors PR 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Hashika: 
Good afternoon everyone, a warm welcome to you all and thank you for joining us today for 
the Q3 and nine-month FY 2026 Earnings Webinar of DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited. 
We are pleased to have with us today Mr. Dilip Modi – the Chairman of DiGiSPICE Technologies 
Limited, Mr. Sunil Kapoor – the Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer of Spice Money 
Limited, Ms. Aastha Garg – Head of Investor Relations, Spice Money Limited. 
We will start the session with the management providing an overview of the operational and 
Financial Performance for the Quarter and nine-month ended FY 2026, post which we will have 
an interactive Q&A session. 
Before we begin, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that certain statements made 
during this call may be forward-looking in nature. These statements are subjected to risk and 
uncertainty that could cause actual results to differ materially. A statement in this regard has 
been included in the result presentation sent to you earlier. 
With that, I would now like to invite Mr. Dilip Modi to commence the presentation. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Dilip Modi: 
Thank you, Hashika. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking out the time to join us 
today. You know, we at Spice Money are continuing our journey of building a strong, trusted 
financial services platform for Bharat. You know, we are all committed to the goal of driving 
digital-led financial inclusion. And at Spice Money, we have been working quarter on quarter 
to make sure that we continue down this path. 
Today we are here to present to you how we have done in Quarter 3 of this financial year. And 
in the Q&A I would love to, we would all love to talk to you guys about any points you may have 
about where we are heading as a business, what is it that we are looking forward to, and what 
continues to drive us on a daily basis.  
So, let me start with the presentation by talking about the Spice Bharat Stack, which is what 
we are building for, at Spice Money. So, effectively, if I look at the three elements of the Bharat 
Stack that we are building; one is the Agent Platform, second is the Consumer Platform, and 
third is the Lending Platform.  
So, effectively today, as an Agent Platform, this is our core business. We are one of the leading 
Agent Platforms in small towns. We are now reaching over 2.6 lakh small towns with over 1.6 
million agents who use our App to deliver basic banking and financial services to over 170 
million customers in small towns and villages of India. In terms of transactions on basic banking, 
the Aadhaar-enabled payment system, which is people using Aadhaar to withdraw and deposit 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
cash and do funds transfer, we are the number one player. We have closed Quarter 3 at close 
to 18.64% market share in the Off-Us segment and we continue to consolidate our market 
share in this segment.  
Going forward, there are lots of new products, we are looking to launch for our agents to 
deliver in their communities. In the GFF, we had spoken about launching the UPI Cash Point. 
So, today if you look at customers at large, when they go to their ATMs to withdraw cash, they 
mainly use Card. In our case, customers are using Card plus Aadhaar. Now towards the close of 
this Quarter 4, we are looking to enable customers to be able to withdraw cash using UPI. As 
we know that UPI is scaling up very fast. As a country, we are now significantly penetrated on 
UPI users, and therefore we are looking at our agent network doubling up as a UPI Cash Point 
network where customers with UPI Apps can now come and withdraw cash at our agent points 
using UPI. So, UPI is going to be a big layer that is getting at added on to our AePS, and this will 
be an accretive business when it comes to cash withdrawal because now more and more 
customers are coming in with smartphones with UPI Apps. 
Our goal at Spice Money is to make sure that we build a full Stack Financial Services Distribution 
Play for small merchants and consumers in Bharat, and we will talk you through in terms of 
how far we have reached that.  
In terms of just overall business, I would say that we have now reached a stage from a P&L 
point of view where we are a steady platform, you know, we are beginning to see operating 
leverage kick in. If you look at our indirect costs, we have managed to hold them year on year, 
quarter on quarter while we have tried to grow on gross margin, which is our net income. 
So, if you really look at it for the nine months, this financial year, we have delivered close to Rs. 
20 crores profit compared to Rs. 4 crores for the nine months previous year. So, effectively, 
this is all a function of operating leverage that has begun to kick in and we are hoping that as 
we add more products to our agent network, we will be able to further strengthen on our 
operating leverage to drive a profitable growth.  
In terms of new engines, Lending and Spice Pay are our two new engines: 
 
On the Lending Business, we are beginning to see good traction, you know, as we 
consolidate our market share in AePS, we are seeing more agents transact and we 
are able to now lend, to enable lending to these agents. And we have seen those 
lending numbers grow. So, you know, we work here as a loan service provider with 
an FLDG model. We have seen the business here also scale. So, effectively, you will 
go through the numbers. What we did in the whole of last financial year, we have 
done in a single quarter, close to in a single quarter in Quarter 3. So, again, the 
Lending Business is growing and we will talk more about that.  

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
On Spice Pay, as I mentioned here, we have over 170 million customers who transact 
on our platform every month. One of the things that we are looking at, is to bring 
them on to UPI. So, today with Spice Pay, we have the ability to give them a UPI 
account with a UPI ID and they can use this account to put in cash using our Agent 
Network and then transact with the UPI ID. So, the whole idea is to bring customers 
with a new UPI account to be able to do transactions. Now more and more people 
are looking to do digital transactions and therefore our goal is to use our PPI account 
to be able to enable new to UPI users to come on board. 
So, overall, the Agency Business, the Lending Business and the Consumer Business, we are 
continuing to grow and our goal is to build a full Stack Financial Services Play for small towns, 
merchants and consumers.  
Moving on to the next page, if I was to talk about some of the key highlights, Quarter 3 has 
been a muted quarter for us in terms of GTV growth. This is really on the back of the fact that 
we saw huge subsidy flows in the first half of the year and therefore, you know, just on a 
relative comparison quarter on quarter, we see a dip in GTV because of the nature of the 
subsidy flows in terms of seasonality. 
Also, in terms of our collections business, there has been a whole restructuring of MFI and 
NBFCs where there has been a consolidation of books and therefore a slowdown in lending and 
that is reflected in our collections pie. So, that is more, I would say, the nature of seasonality, 
the AePS business and the way the MFI and NBFC industry is consolidating. So, that has got 
reflected on our quarter on quarter numbers. 
The second highlight is, of course, the labor code has cut it. So, that has had an impact on our 
P&L, we will show you the impact. 
Our credit, like I spoke about, you know, what we did on the FLDG model all of last year, we 
have done in a single quarter close, close to that in a single quarter. So, now the credit business 
has begun to grow, both in terms of disbursals as well as gross margins. And we are trying to 
make sure that we can contain our credit losses here. So, this is an embedded credit business 
linked to our transactions on our platform. So, we are able to contain on risk here and 
whenever we report gross margins, it is net of the risk. And therefore, we believe that, amongst 
the two new engines of Credit and SPICE Pay, the Credit has already begun to move in a 
direction towards profitability. 
And then overall, I spoke about operating leverage. We are focusing on ensuring that month 
on month, quarter on quarter, we continue to focus on operational efficiency, whether it is in 
terms of cost optimization, margin improvement, in terms of product mix, and making sure 
that we build in efficiency in all our metrics. So, this is something that we will continue to chase.  

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
Just in terms of Innovation and Growth, you know, we are now with this Agent Platform. We 
have the pipes and the idea is to distribute more products to the pipes. So, we continue to look 
at launching new products. We have entered the Insurance Category with two new products 
around Shop insurance and Mobile Screen Protection. Most of our Adhikaris run shops and, 
you know, being able to give them cover for the business they run, is something that we are 
excited about. And we are now building more products for insurance in the pipeline.  
Given the nature of the market we are in, people are looking for credit cards, it is an aspirational 
product. So, but given the nature of our market, rather than give unsecured cards, we are 
working with partners to give secured cards. We again see a big opportunity in this space and 
we are looking to scale it.  
And then Savings continues to be a big area we are focused on. We are very excited with some 
new partnerships that we are looking to stitch in, in the Savings space. And given the rural 
nature of our business, we are also looking at Agri-Commerce as one area to be able to drive 
income for our agents. So, overall, innovation, execution and looking at our customer base and 
looking at what all products we can build for them, continues to be our focus to drive 
sustainable long term growth. 
Now, just looking at some key metrics on the next slide, if you look at each of the rows on the 
top, like I spoke about 1.6 million agents, so close to 16.4 lakh now registered agents on our 
Spice Money platform, over 2.55 lakh small towns covered. On a monthly basis, we serve close 
to 27 million customers and we have a thousand-member team, majority of whom are also on 
the ground. Just in terms of numbers, on a year on year basis, we have seen growth in almost 
all the key product metrics, except for collections, which is the cash management service 
business, where we have de-grown and I explained to you as to what is the reason in terms of 
what is happening in the MFI and NBFC industry. So, this is something that, you know, we are 
seeing some short term pressures and maybe they will continue for a quarter or two until we 
are able to look at enhancing our product suite around digital collections and doing more for 
our partners. Otherwise, if you look at AePS, BBPS, CASA, which is our current account saving 
account product, and more importantly, the float balance associated with the products, as well 
as our credit distribution metrics, almost all of them have grown year on year and all of this 
data is available to you online, you can please consume it in your own time.  
If you look at the Financial Indicators, our focus is gross margin. So, we continue to focus on 
growing gross margin a quarter on quarter and year on year. And that is what drives underlying 
profitability and growth. We are a zero debt business. So, our focus is to stay asset light, you 
know, build our ROIs through ensuring that we can drive more operating leverage in our 
business. 
And overall, we are excited with the future because we see that, if India has to grow into a 
multi trillion-dollar economy, you know, these small town economies have to deliver. And we 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
are building the underlying financial bedrock in terms of, last mile banking infrastructure layer 
between product manufacturers and small businesses. And therefore, we can provide for 
access and unit economics to financial institutions to serve small businesses as well as small 
businesses being able to access financial products in a far more economical way using the agent 
network that we have on the ground. 
So, I look forward to the Q&A that we have later. And I will hand over now to Sunil to walk us 
through the numbers. Over to you, Sunil. 
Sunil Kapoor: 
Thanks Dilip. So, on the number side, this quarter number has a degrowth of 4% on the 
customer GTV. And consequently, our revenue is also down, but we are able to maintain the 
gross margin almost at the same level, only 1% down. We have already called out that this was 
a muted Quarter, but we are able to hold our gross margin. And if you see on the indirect cost, 
what Dilip has also called out that we are keeping the operating efficiency in check always. And 
if we compare it from the previous year also, that is, we have the same cost, operating cost 
and whatever the gross margin improvement in the last nine months compared to the previous 
nine months that is flowing straight to EBITDA.  
And on the EBIT side also, consequently from the EBITDA side, that is, we are able to kind of 
hold the EBIT margins a little bit down but hopefully in the next quarter, we will catch up on 
the gross margin and EBITDA also and will be able to boost the growth instead.  
And if you see on the YTD numbers, the PAT is almost Rs. 21 crores against Rs. 4 crores in the 
previous year, nine months. And there is a considerable growth and improvement. And that is 
primarily due to the, what the gross margin and holding the cost at the same level. And if you 
see on the PAT discontinued business, there is a slight one time additional expenses come in, 
but that has keep on, we are trying to contain it and not more than Rs. 1.5 crores, a year kind 
of will be hit for the PAT discontinued business, but we are working on that. Hopefully in the 
next year, first half, we will be able to take this discontinued business to zero level, so it does 
not impact our P&L. And PAT, there is also one point with respect to the labor code impact, 
which has come as an exceptional item, which we have shown as a net of tax purposes, because 
it creates a deferred taxation asset on the provisional amounts on the gratuity and leave 
encashment. And consequently, the profit, PAT after all notional gain and losses Rs. 2.4 crores 
for this Quarter and Rs. 16.5 crores for the nine months all put together.  
So, this is all about numbers. I am handing over this this PPT to be run by Aastha. So, she can 
take us through the other product metrics and numbers. 
Aastha Garg: 
Thank you Sunil sir. Good afternoon everyone. I will be covering some of the key business 
updates for this quarter. 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
So, starting with the Agent Base, we are continuously working to expand on our Agent Base 
across India. Our focus here remains on deepening our presence, region by region and to 
ensure that we are trying to build an optimal estimate density across regions so that we are 
present in every market that we are we are operating in. This will allow us to effectively deliver 
last mile services to our customers and also improve accessibility for them across Bharat. Dilip 
sir and Sunil sir have already fairly covered about how our GMs and GTVs have fared this 
quarter.  
Moving to the next slide, Viral. Looking at this in detail, we can see that the GTVs and GMs are 
fairly muted as compared to the previous quarter. But if we see the year-on-year numbers, we 
have seen the AePS GTVs almost grow 13.2% as compared to the same quarter last year. And 
even though the CMS volumes have not grown, but we have been able to hold our gross 
margins on the CMS side also, which has led to our overall gross margin grow as compared to 
the last year same quarter. And the new buckets also we see that have almost doubled as 
compared to what we were doing in the last year same quarter. 
So, overall, we see there has been improvement in our gross margins as compared to what we 
were doing last year, though this quarter is fairly muted considering seasonality that Dilip Sir 
has already talked about. But let us discuss on the product-wise matrix in the slides ahead. Let 
us move to the next slide. 
So, talking about AePS, where we enable cash withdrawal for our customers across India, we 
have been continuously consolidating and growing our market share. As we have already 
highlighted in the earlier quarters as well, cash deposit and UPI cash withdrawal are the next 
big opportunities for us in this space. If we see in AePS, Dilip Sir already mentioned, our market 
share is now touching 18.64% in this quarter, so there is growth there. And as well as if we see 
that almost Rs. 400 crores we are touching on the cash deposit GTVs also. So, on that front 
also, we are seeing growth. 
On top of the AePS business, the next big product that we have built is the Collections product. 
So, moving to the next slide. So, in collections, we already talked about that, the industry has 
seen fairly competitive pricing pressures here. So, we are working in a fairly competitive 
industry and we are trying to hold our margins and to grow overall in this margin competitive 
industry. We are trying to strengthen our supply side, by bringing in more lenders, so there is 
growth in our Lender Segment. 
And then we are wanting to build a good product suite with our partnerships that we are 
working with, so that we can serve them well and grow in this space.  
Talking about the digital collection side, which is the BBPS product, let us move to the next 
slide. Here also, we are seeing a continuous growth. Though the growth is slow, we can see our 
GTVs improving, both quarter on quarter as well as year on year. And if we see the repeat 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
engagement base on our platform also, that is also fairly growing every quarter. So, that makes 
us believe that there is opportunity in this segment as more and more digitization happens, the 
GTVs in this space will also grow. 
Coming to the Financial Product Distribution, where we started our journey with CASA. Let us 
move to the next slide. So, on CASA also, we have now touched opening close to 15 lakh plus 
accounts across India, where almost  Rs. 260 crores of float balances are lying. And we have 
almost 35,000 plus SMAs who have opened more than 5 accounts till date. So, we can say that 
there are healthy balances that are being maintained in these accounts, an average of almost 
2000. So, that is a good growth that we have seen on this product. 
And the next thing that we are focusing here, is basically growing on the basis of cross-sell and 
up-sell. So, now I come to discussing about the more important updates on the side of credit 
that have happened in this quarter. So, Dilip sir already mentioned that this is the business that 
we have been building, where we are building our own Lending Model based on transaction 
data using a shared risk FLDG structure. So, this model is the foundation of our long term plan 
for responsible and scalable lending that we want to do for Bharat. Our focus here has been on 
two scalable engines. One is the transaction led lending for our own SMA base. And the other 
is MSME business loans. The efforts that we have been doing in the last one year now have 
started showing traction. And if we see the numbers in FY 2025, where we did a GTV of almost 
Rs. 20.5 crore, in this quarter alone, we have delivered disbursements of almost Rs. 19.2 crore. 
So, we can fairly say that we have successfully validated this model for our own SMA base. 
Now, what is the next step here is, that we have to focus on the agents beyond our SMA base 
to grow this product. 
On the Vyapar loan side, which is the MSME business loans, we have already launched it in this 
quarter in partnership with Muthoot FinCorp. And we will be actively working to scale this 
further in the coming quarters.  
Now, talking about the other big growth engine for future, which is the Financial Product 
Distribution, let us move to the next slide. So, talking about this, if we see on the top, under 
Financial Product Distribution, we are currently distributing loans, including gold, as well as 
other credit products for our partner lenders. Our focus has been on strengthening the supply 
side in this product by bringing in more lenders, as well as diversifying the product suite 
available for distribution. So, we have seen a fair buildup of this business in the last couple of 
years. And if we see the numbers on the loan disbursement, we can see that we have grown 
almost 2.6x year on year on the value of disbursements against a volume growth of almost 2.1x 
year on year. So, while there has been some decline that we can see in numbers this quarter 
as compared to the previous quarter, this was primarily due to some realignment that 
happened with one of the major lenders that we do business with. 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Beyond credit distribution, we have also started selling FD backed credit cards in partnership 
with ZET. So, we have sold close to 2500 cards till date with an active SMA of almost 10,000 on 
this product, which is a till date number.  
On insurance side also, which was one of the key products that we were working to get on our 
platform, we can say that we launched this product in Q2 on a couple of categories. And till 
date, we have sold almost 10,000 policies so far. So, the next big thing that we will be working 
on this product side, will at least enabling four to five more categories of products in both 
secured credit as well as insurance side. I will say that we started the Financial Product 
Distribution journey by opening CASA accounts. And then we built up loan distribution on top 
of that. And now we have entered the insurance space as well. The next big opportunity for us 
in this space lies on the sides of savings and investments and we will be actively working to 
launch them next. Now, I think I will hand over to Mr. Dilip for the closing remarks. 
Dilip Modi: 
Thank you, Aastha. Thank you. Can we move to the next slide, please? So, I have two slides to 
close. Effectively on this slide, I just want to bring out to all of you that our commitment is to 
drive deep penetration of formal financial services in Bharat, are the 1.4 billion people in our 
country, nearly a billion people live in small towns and rural Bharat. And we want to be able to 
serve them when it comes to formal financial services. As I said, we are already a leading, you 
know, AEPS led ATM network for Bharat, where we have close to 18.5% market share. Our 
commitment is to deepen this further and build Bharat's largest assisted ATM network. Just to 
give you a sense of numbers, ATM industry as a whole talk about about 2.2 lakh ATM machines. 
Networks like ours, have onboarded nearly 20 lakh, you know, human ATM points across small 
towns and villages of which we have got 16 lakh. So, for us, the whole goal is to deepen because 
when you talk about ATM networks to build confidence and trust in customers, which is a cash 
first economy, the ability to move cash in and out of bank accounts actually gives them 
confidence to keep their money in the bank account. So, effectively for us, the withdrawal and 
deposit nature of the network allows us to not only enable them to pull money out when they 
need it with the guardrails, but also be able to deposit cash. If we have to grow UPI penetration 
in the country, we have to make it easy for people to put money into their bank account. And 
today, with AePS seeding and we are looking forward to more and more banks coming into 
this, we can actually enable a very large penetration of network, easy convenience for 
consumers to be able to put money into their account and do UPI. So, we are committed to 
building on the ATM side.  
Collections again, we are an economy where lots of loans are given to small merchants and 
consumers in Bharat but the main challenges around collections. How do we make sure that 
the deep ATM network that we are building in Bharat also doubles up and serves as one of the 
largest rural cash collection networks for Bharat and I think this is also something that we are 
already on this journey. We have both the bilateral relationships with our enterprise partners 
and we are excited about the BBPS platform as well. And we are committed to growing this. 
So, it is not just ATM, but also collections.  

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
And then finally, just on the network, our goal to build a deep Financial Distribution Grid for 
Bharat can you just go back to the previous slide, please? Yes, so our goal is, you know, like 
Aastha mentioned around credit, savings, investment, insurance, making sure that we can build 
capability and capacity of our agents for them to be able to do more for their communities. So, 
this last mile access network is a huge opportunity for us to work with our ecosystem partners 
to actually bring formal financial products, reduce cost of credit, try penetration of insurance, 
savings and investments into deep Bharat, into deep rural India, into small towns. And that is 
something we are excited about.  
On our own products, we are focusing on credit and PPI, we see our prepaid instrument as a 
great opportunity to put a very easy to use UPI account in the hands of our consumers and be 
able to do more with that account. Right. We want to make it easy for them to move cash into 
accounts and to be able to transact using the accounts with us, very easy to use App on their 
basic smartphone. So, this is something that we are committed to bring the next 100+ million 
UPI users onto UPI. And as far as lending is concerned, we are already well on our journey 
where we build proprietary models for our own agents and we want to build on that for 
merchants sitting around the agents. So, if you look at it, we have got the agency business that 
we are scaling. We have operating leverage. And on the back of this, we are building our two 
core businesses around spending, savings, investments on the digital side and lending as well. 
So, all of these are coming together for us to build a very strong financial services stack for 
Bharat.  
And let me close with our ecosystem partnerships on the next slide, we do this because of the 
blessings of the regulator and we have the requisite licenses which allow us to do what we do. 
We have partnerships with leading banks, partnerships with leading lenders and partnerships 
with leading NBFCs and MFIs where,  we are looking to provide services to them when it comes 
to opening accounts, driving origination, driving collections, also supporting them on risk and 
underwriting. And like Aastha said, we have entered insurance, it is a huge category. We need 
to solve for it. We need to drive micro insurance products into Bharat. And we will make sure 
that we can work with our business partners to leverage our network to be able to deliver it in 
a cost effective way. So, with that, I thank you for giving us time. And I will hand it back to 
Hashika for the Q&A. Thank you. 
Hashika: 
Thank you so much, Mr. Dilip. We will now open the floor for Q&A session. Participants who 
wish to ask a question are requested to use the raise hand feature to ask the question. 
Alternatively, you may share your questions in the chat box and we will take them up during 
the session. We would just request all the participants to kindly introduce themselves by stating 
their name and their organization before asking the question. Thank you. We will take the first 
question from Mr. Gulshan Singh. 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Gulshan Singh: 
Just wanted to start with the quarter overall. GTV was a bit soft sequentially. Should we think 
of this as largely normalization after elevated AePS subsidized last quarter? Or are you seeing 
some underlining slow down as well? 
Dilip Modi: 
Thank you, Gulshan for your question. I would say that, definitely H1 this year, we saw a 
significant subsidy flows, even more than what we had expected. So, I would say that we would 
want to factor in the seasonality or the fact that there was a significant shoot up in subsidies 
and therefore on a relative basis, there is a dip in GTV. I think the underlying slowdown, 
Gulshan, is more related to the lending book of MFIs and NBFCs. I think as they have been 
consolidating on their NPAs and making sure that they are able to consolidate and restructure 
their books, we have seen a bit of slowdown in lending. We hope that will come back as the 
books become easier, lighter in terms of bad debt. And I think directionally, our goal is to, you 
know, deepen our density, which means increase the reach of our SMAs per household. We 
continue to strengthen on our product suite, which means that we want to drive more 
transactions through our agent base. So, we are hoping that, a combination of multiple things 
can help us to continue to grow on transactions and revenue. So, I would say that, it is a 
combination of multiple factors. But I think we will know better as we move forward in the next 
few quarters. 
Hashika: 
Thank you, sir. I hope that answers your question. We have the next question from Agarwal 
Family Office. 
Agarwal Family Office: 
Gross margin percentage on revenue improved to 47 % this quarter. Is this sustainable or partly 
driven by low margin CMS volumes? And where do you see steady state gross margin settling 
over the next two to three years? 
Dilip Modi: 
Yes, Aastha you want to just talk about the drivers of the growth in gross margin. And then, of 
course, next two to three years, we will take separately. 
Aastha Garg: 
Yes, so on the first part of the question, where we are talking about gross margin improvement 
to almost 47% this quarter. So, obviously, one thing that is mentioned here in the question 
itself, that the CMS volumes are dropping, which is a low margin business, which is looking like 
as if the margins are coming from the low margin CMS volumes going away, while that is not 
the actual case. The CMS that is decreased for us is basically on the side of one major client 
that we are working with, where the margins were in itself very low. So, when the volumes 
with that one client has decreased, our overall CMS margins have grown up. So, that is in turn 
helped us grow our overall margins on the CMS side. 
On AePS side also, I think we are pretty good on the margins with our continuous subscription 
packs being in place. We are able to provide values to the Adhikaris for the transactions that 
they are doing on our platform. Hence, they are increasing the number of transactions they do 
with us. And hence, we are growing both on our market share side, consolidating the business 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
and the margins are also in place. So, if we talk about why the gross margins have in turn grown 
so much in this quarter, which is fairly because of the operational efficiencies that we have 
been working on, especially on the sides of the direct cost. We have a lot of charges that we 
have to pay to the banks or other third parties to do this business. And we have been optimizing 
on that. And that has led to this improvement in our gross margins. If we say that what this 
could look like as a trend in the coming quarters also, we could say that this would somewhere 
look like somewhere between 44% to 45%, on an average for a quarter. 
Dilip Modi: 
Yes. Hashika, should we continue with the questions in the chat? 
Hashika: 
Yes. The next question is from Rahul Kumar. 
Rahul Kumar: 
With UPI cash withdrawals and AePS cash deposits evolving, do you see assisted models 
becoming more infrastructure like utilities over time? 
Dilip Modi: 
Absolutely, Rahul. I think absolutely, because when I said industry, we are talking about growth 
of UPI. As I mentioned, this is literally building out an infrastructure at the last mile, because at 
the end of the day, to do a UPI, to be able to do digital, you have to have a transacting bank 
account and to be having a transacting bank account, you have to make it easy for people to 
put money into the bank account. Now when you talk about things like AePS cash deposit, 
almost now, almost all accounts are seeded with Aadhaar biometrics across all small towns and 
rural. And this is a great opportunity, in fact, not just in small towns, but in big towns as well, 
where it is easy for people to move cash. And I think what we have observed in all our 
experience in building this platform over the last few years is that, this ease of putting money,  
into and withdrawing an account, we have seen situations where people have had to travel a 
distance to withdraw cash. And the reason they withdraw all the money and spend the money, 
spend the money in cash is because it is not easy for them to go back and deposit and then 
again withdraw. So, if you make it convenient for them to do it, I think it becomes a great 
enabling infrastructure for digital financial inclusion.  
UPI cash withdrawal, I think, again, is an infrastructure layer. At the end of the day, people 
need, you know, small money, sometimes in cash for spending purposes, if it becomes easy for 
them to be able to withdraw that money at UPI cash points, that players like us will enable 
across Bharat, I think it becomes, they are able to move forward with their lives much easier. 
And so I think very clearly, these are becoming like a last mile. We will see ourselves as 
effectively a last mile banking infrastructure connecting financial providers with small 
businesses and consumers. 
Hashika: 
Thank you, sir. We will take the next question from Navdeep Mehta.  
Navdeep Mehta: 
Golds and other loan volumes is down. Can we see improvement in coming quarters? And the 
second question is, can we see overall revenue increasing in Q4? 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Dilip Modi: 
I think credit distribution is something that we have definitely seen a big need for. There are 
lots of financial providers who want to distribute credit. When you look at secured credit 
distribution that is what we are focusing on. Unsecured credit is more linked to our FLDG 
model, where it is more embedded credit to our agents and going forward to merchants. But 
when you look at secured credit distribution, definitely it is an area which people are interested 
in and want to work with us to grow. I think we are trying to get our kind of model in place, in 
terms of how to work with partners and how to scale this business. So, I would say Navdeep 
that, maybe you need to give us a quarter or two more in terms of kind of putting in place the 
right product infrastructure, where we have lots of lenders at one end and borrowers at the 
other, you know, in a bit of a kind of open API kind of stack. So, we are in the process of building 
that out. You know, we have a lot of learnings because when it comes to secured credit, we 
have to work closely with the branches of the lenders. And so how do we build that into the 
journeys and into the stack for our Adhikaris to work with, is something that we are working 
on. So, I think, we are seeing this as something that we think could scale up more in H2 of 
Financial Year 2027. I think the next couple of months will go more in terms of building the 
stack for financial product distribution, right. What we have really been able to get our hands 
around in the last two years, is around embedded credit for our own agents. And that is how 
you have seen the numbers scale. But in terms of pure credit distribution, I think it is about 
getting the product, the open API stack and the supply side in place. And I think H2 next year is 
where we can hopefully see that numbers scale. 
Hashika: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is a follow up from Gulshan Singh.  
Gulshan Singh: 
Indirect costs seem fairly stable despite increments. Is this the steady cost base now or should 
we expect reinvestment as growth accelerates? 
Dilip Modi: 
Gulshan, we are calling out the new engines separately, Sunil can throw more light on it. But 
we are, wherever we are looking at new investments, we are calling it out separately, maybe 
we can continue to add to it. But Gulshan, definitely our goal is to build a leading financial 
services stack across the board. We are literally unbundling various aspects of the bank and 
making sure we can deliver it at population scale. So, for us, you know, looking at new areas 
like now we are beginning to look at Lending, Savings, Investment, Insurance. I think we will 
continue to invest in these areas. But I think from a P&L perspective, we are calling it out 
separately. Sunil you want to add to that? 
Sunil Kapoor: 
Yes, so we are investing in the new engines and building up the capabilities and capacity both 
in terms of new products distribution. And if you see our numbers also, that new engines, what 
we were investing or incurring as an investment, almost Rs. 11 crores we have done in the last 
financial year on these new engines, which has now come down to kind of Rs. 1 crore a quarter. 
So, from that perspective, we keep on investing and whatever we have built, then we take out 
for other initiatives. So, from that perspective, we are investing also, but we are very conscious 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
about that we should have an operating efficiency in every department or activities, what we 
do. 
Hashika: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from Shrey Patel.  
Shrey Patel: 
Insurance and saving products are being pushed heavily in rural markets. Are consumers 
genuinely adopting these or is adoption still agent driven? 
Dilip Modi: 
Shrey, we believe that both will continue to grow. I think when it comes to products like 
Insurance and Savings, we believe that agents definitely have a role to play. We still believe 
that not just in small towns, even in big towns, agents continue to play a role, given the 
complexity of the products, helping to hand hold you, what we call wealth managers when it 
comes to investments, so directionally, I think, just improving understanding what is an FTE? 
How do you think about gold savings? How do you look at this? We believe that, there is a trust 
factor that exists, when it comes to working with people in your communities. We have seen 
how the microfinance sector has grown on the back of that. Of course, now there are structural 
changes happening to that sector. But I think when it comes to being able to build awareness, 
handhold people through complex financial products, I think agents have a significant role to 
play. What we are trying to do, is make sure that we can enable an agency model which is 
significantly tech led and very attractive on unit economics, so that we can drive more and 
more products through our agent network. 
Hashika: 
Thank you, sir. There is a follow up question by Rahul Kumar.  
Rahul Kumar: 
Do you think the assisted fintech model becomes more relevant and resilient during periods of 
liquidity tightening compared to phases of abundant liquidity? 
Dilip Modi: 
So, Rahul, I am just trying to put my head around this question where you are basically saying 
that the kind of model we have, which is an assisted model, right? During times when, there is 
a liquidity tightening, when there is less liquidity in the market, then do they become more 
resilient? 
I think for us, Rahul, what we have seen is that, definitely our agents started off as being cash 
out points, became cash collection points, and now are also enabling distribution of financial 
products. But at large, I think we believe that both, for cash and non-cash products, this 
network, this model continues to have relevance. And we believe that, especially when we 
think about banking beyond payments, the need to have, you know, agents who can play the 
role of what bank branches play on the ground is a huge opportunity. So, I think, my sense is 
that the model continues to be relevant at all points. But maybe, Sunil, you want to attempt an 
answer to this question? 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Sunil Kapoor: 
I think that, with the assisted fintech model, I think, because your question is with respect to 
assisted fintech model and liquidity standpoint of view, I do not think that liquidity meant for 
our business is more on the kind of, maybe the subsidy side of it. But other than that, I do not 
think that tightening of the liquidity will be impacting us, only with respect to the credit side. 
And as the liquidity gets tightening, that is keep on the basis of the cycle. And credit distribution 
may have their own cycle also. And I think that is a part of the business from the perspective 
of credit where liquidity tightening or liquidity ease help grow or have a pause also. So, that is 
a cyclical, I will see it only with respect to credit. 
Hashika: 
Thank you. I hope that answers your question. We have another question from Rahul Kumar. 
Rahul Kumar: 
If you look at the broader industry over the next three to five years, what do you think becomes 
the dominant profit pool, payments, collections, lending or financial distribution? 
Dilip Modi: 
I think Rahul, definitely lending is a big part of the profit pool going forward. You know, that 
clearly is a standout. Payments continue to be under stress when it payments and collections, 
when it comes to margins. So, that is more about throughput that we tend to drive. So, if I say 
it is Lending, followed by Financial Distribution, followed by Payments and Collections from a 
profit pool perspective, right? However, for us, payments and collections continues to be the 
focus, because when you are building a business of the nature that we are, you need the 
throughput, you need the data to drive, you know, the higher profit pool products. So, that has 
to continue to be the underlying layer to enable us to build more products to drive profitability. 
Hashika: 
Thank you, sir. Participants who wish to ask a question are requested to use the raise hand 
feature or you can alternatively share your questions in the chat box. Since there are no further 
questions, I would pass it on to Dilip sir to give his concluding remarks. 
Dilip Modi: 
Well I would once again like to thank everyone for this opportunity. When I look at things 
quarter on quarter, it perhaps sometimes hides the overall direction in which we are moving. 
We are building this business for the next 25, 30, 40, 50 years. We are building a kind of an 
infrastructure which will enable penetration of formal financial services for small businesses 
and consumers living in small towns. I think the technology tailwinds are all there when we 
think about even the AI revolution that is happening, we believe that it will serve people at 
large, it will serve, it will have a population scale kind of a use case. 
We at Spice, are also committed to writing this revolution of AI to be able to do more and I 
think, Financial Services as a sector is going to be deeply impacted and this will all be in the 
positive direction. We know that India has this legacy of leapfrogging technology. We know 
that how mobile phones grew vis-a-vis fixed line phones, how mobile internet grew vis-a-vis 
fixed line internet. And we know how banking influenced by digitization will grow compared to 
traditional banking. And we at Spice Money are committed to driving a digital banking 
revolution in Bharat. 

 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
So, with that, I thank you very much for your interest. You can continue to reach out to us. Our 
team is always available to answer any questions. For us, it is really about growing this space 
of stakeholders who are excited about serving small merchants and consumers in Bharat. And 
we would be more than happy to engage with anyone who has interest to want to participate 
in this journey. Thank you so much. And I look forward to our next call. Thank you. 
Hashika: 
Thank you, Dilip Sir. Thank you, everyone for joining us today for the Q3 and 9 months FY 2026 
Earnings Call of DiGiSpice Technologies Limited. We truly appreciate your time and 
participation. If you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to us at the email 
IDs provided in the investor presentation. We look forward to your continued engagement and 
to interacting with you again next quarter. Thank you once again and have a pleasant evening. 
**** 
Note :  
This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be 
read in conjunction with the accompanying materials published by the company. The 
information contained in the transcript is a textual representation of the company's event and 
while efforts are made to provide an accurate transcription, there may be errors, omissions, or 
inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the event.  
This document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, statements related to 
future, not past, events. In this context, forward-looking statements often address our 
expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as 
“expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “should” “shall” or “will.” 
Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, 
uncertain. These uncertainties may cause our actual future results to be materially different 
that those expressed in our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to update our 
forward-looking statements. 
