 
 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
Tel :   +91 79 6624 3200 
(Formerly known as Adani Gas Ltd)  
Fax:   +91 79 2754 2988 
Crest 4-5, Inspire Business Park 
 
investor.agl@adani.com 
Shantigram, Nr. Vaishnodevi Circle,                    www.adanigas.com 
S.G.Highway, Ahmedabad – 382 421 
Gujarat, India 
CIN: L40100GJ2005PLC046553 
Registered Office: “Adani Corporate House”, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad - 382421 
January 30, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Code: 542066
Scrip Code: ATGL
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter  and nine months 
ended December 31, 2025 
 
In continuation to our intimation dated  January 23, 2026, please find below web link 
of transcript of the Earnings Call on Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 
2025 held on January 23, 2026.  
 
Web link to access above transcript is as under: 
 
https://www.adanigas.com/-/media/Project/AdaniGas/Investors/Financials/Earnings-
Call-Transcript-and--Recordings/AdaniTotal-Earnings-Jan23-2026.pdf 
 
Copy of the said transcript is also attached herewith. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
 
Anil Agrawal 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl : As above. 
 
 
ANIL 
RAMSAHAY 
AGRAWAL
Digitally signed by ANIL 
RAMSAHAY AGRAWAL 
Date: 2026.01.30 
11:48:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Adani Total Gas Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SURESH P. MANGLANI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ADANI TOTAL GAS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. PREYASH JHAVERI – INTERIM CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ADANI TOTAL GAS LIMITED 
 
MR. RAVINDRA DESAI – HEAD OF GAS SOURCING AND 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT – ADANI TOTAL GAS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. ADISH VAKHARIA – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
ADANI TOTAL GAS LIMITED 
 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2026 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to the Adani Total Gas Limited Q3 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star than 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
From the Adani Total Gas Limited, we are joined on the call by Mr. Suresh P. Manglani, 
Executive Director and CEO; Mr. Preyash Jhaveri, Interim Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. 
Ravindra Desai, Head of Gas Sourcing and Business Development. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Suresh P. Manglani, Executive Director and Chief 
Executive Officer from Adani Total Gas Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Suresh P. Manglani: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Let me extend a hearty welcome to all our investors, 
analysts, funds for taking out their time and participating in today's call on quarter 3 and 9 
months period ended financial year -- December financial year for financial 2025, '26 of the 
Adani Total Gas Limited. 
 
I'm pleased to share the operational and financial results of Adani Total Gas for the quarter 
ending December 31, 2025. Let me begin with our performance on volume growth and network 
expansion during the quarter. 
 
ATGL continued its strong growth trajectory with CNG volume rising 17% year-on-year during 
third quarter and 18% over the 9 months period, while PNG volume registered 3% growth in the 
quarter and 7% over the 9 months period. This performance by the company reflects our 
expanding network and deeper penetration across our markets. 
 
During the quarter, we added 18 new CNG stations taking our network to now 680 stations. Out 
of these 680 stations, 136 CNG stations are either Company-owned Dealer Operated, which we 
call CODO or dealer-owned dealer-operated, DODO. These 136 stations provide completely 
full branded experience to our CNG consumer. 
 
Our steel pipeline, which is our backbone infrastructure, has now increased to 14,862 inch-
kilometre. This robust and growing network enables us to seamlessly extend our reach across all 
34 GAs, ensuring reliable energy access to a wider consumer base. 
 
In addition, ATGL has laid over 8,100 kilometres of MDPE pipeline to provide last mile access 
to large masses to avail PNG supplies across all our geographical areas. 
 
With the addition of nearly 35,000 new connections during the quarter and approximately 88,000 
new connection in the 9 months period of this financial year, our domestic PNG consumer base 
has now increased to 1.05 million, which is 10.5 lakhs homes. 
 
In the Industrial and Commercial segment, we added 148 new customers during this quarter, 
taking our total consumer base to 9,750 homes, we are coming closer to the 10,000 mark. These 
additions span diverse industries and commercial establishments representing key bulk 
consuming segments. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2026 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
On our e-mobility front, our network has continuously been growing rapidly. ATGL, which 
operates through its subsidiary called Adani TotalEnergies E-mobility Limited, ATEL, now has 
nearing 5,000 mark charge points across 26 states and union territories covering 226 cities. This 
equals to 51 megawatts of installed capacity. 
 
With a strong adoption and continuous expansion, which our ATEL team is doing, we are on 
track record and our ambition of installing 10,000 EV charge points is going to be realized very 
soon in the future. 
 
We have a joint venture company, Indian Oil Adani Gas Private Limited, IOAGPL, this is a 50-
50 JV between ATGL and IOCL, which is a Fortune 500 company. I will give you now 
consolidated numbers on a pan-India basis. Our CNG stations together with our JV partner has 
now -- have now increased to 1,120 CNG stations. We have now crossed 12.5 lakh, 1.25 million 
PNG home connections, 11,106 commercial and industrial consumers. 
 
27,000 inch-kilometres of steel pipeline network and 10,000 kilometres of MDPE pipeline. This 
gives you the idea of a mass infrastructure which has been developed by ATGL and our joint 
venture partners, and together with it, it shows you the strength of our ATGL across pan-India 
basis. 
 
You are aware that collectively, we have 53 geographical area, which translates into 125 
districts. Out of which 34 geographical area, 95 districts are being serviced by ATGL directly 
and 19 geographical area, translating into 30 districts are being catered by our JV company, 
IOAGPL. During the quarter, the CGD industry witnessed 2 important tax and regulatory 
development that strengthened the overall cost framework. 
 
First, the transition to the 2% CST from earlier 15% value-added tax on natural gas, which was 
being transported outside Gujarat. Although the CST benefit was largely offset by higher gas 
costs and USD exchange rate increase, it provided a breather for us because otherwise that would 
have been an additional cost. 
 
Second, the introduction of a simplified 2-zones transmission tariff structure from earlier 3 zones 
under which entire supply is made for domestic PNG and CNG Transport segment is now being 
applied only zone 1 tariff, irrespective of a distance. 
 
So from East to West, not to south, anywhere we supply gas, we'll only get zone 1 tariff, which 
is INR54 for PNG Home and CNG entire supplies, whether it is APM, New Well Gas, HPHT 
or R-LNG, which we source. Entire supplies which happened to these 2 segments of our 
business, which is significant, we get zone 1 tariff. 
 
And this reform has been brought out by PNGRB regulator, who was clearly shown as a 
facilitator for the group. Given the ATGL's consumer-centric approach, we have reciprocated 
and provided better affordability to home PNG and CNG consumers by reducing the PNG and 
CNG prices in a calibrated manner across various geographical areas. Now let me take the 
financial side. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2026 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
During the quarter, ATGL delivered a robust performance in quarter 3 and over the 9 months 
period, supported by consistent volume growth and disciplined execution. Revenue from 
operations for the third quarter, rose by 17% to INR1,631 crores, while revenue for the 9 
months period increased by 19% to INR4,692 crores, driven by overall volume growth. 
 
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization, which we call it, EBITDA, for the 
third quarter increased by 15% to INR313 crores. This is despite several impacts, which we have 
stated, including the labour code impact. And EBITDA for the 9-month period rose by 3% to 
INR916 crores. 
 
Profit before tax for the third quarter increased by 10% to INR212 crores, while profit before 
tax for the 9-month period was marginally lower by 3% at INR649 crores, which has been 
explained in our investor presentation. 
 
Profit after tax for the third quarter has increased by 10% to INR157 crores while PAT for 9 
months period has marginally decreased by 3% to INR481 crores, again, for this, we have 
provided a detailed explanation in our investor presentation. 
 
I'm proud to share that your company, Adani Total Gas Limited has -- the sustainable journey 
continues to gain strong recognition this year. Our S&P Dow Jones Sustainability Index Score 
has now risen to 72. We started our journey from almost 50 points last 2 years back. And now it 
is 72, which is placing ATGL globally at the ninth rank in gas utility sector in India, we are 
number 1 on gas utility sector side. 
 
Our carbon disclosure project, CDP rating has now been upgraded to the category A, which is 
the leadership category and the highest category under CDP requirement. These dual upgrades 
underscores our unwavering commitment to responsible growth, transparent governance and 
cleaner future-ready energy ecosystem. 
 
I'm also delighted to share that ATGL has been honoured with the prestigious Gold award for 
safety excellence at the Apex India Safety Awards 2025. An important reflection of our 
unwavering commitment to safety and also reminding us that there is a lot more to be done as a 
responsible corporate. 
 
As we move forward, we remain committed to accelerating our network expansion, enhancing 
customer experience, deepening, which is very close to the part of our DNA, digital integration, 
and strengthening our sourcing portfolio. With a clear strategic road map, a strong balance sheet 
and a dedicated team, ATGL is well-positioned to deliver sustainable growth and long-term 
value for all it's stakeholders. 
 
In closing, I would like to say that we remain committed to playing a leading role in India's 
energy transition journey by providing affordable and reliable low carbon energy for homes, 
transportation, industrial and commercial users. And I would like to acknowledge and be 
thankful to all our stakeholders, our promoters, analysts, fund houses, consumers, our dealers, 
our suppliers partners, business partners and most importantly, our employee, which we have 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2026 
Page 5 of 13 
 
employee first policy for Adani Total Gas, Adani TotalEnergies Limited, Adani Total Biomass 
Limited for providing trust and continued support. 
 
Thank you. Now it is open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Yogesh Patil from Dolat Capital. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Couple of questions. PNGRB implemented 2-zonal transmission tariffs. What is the impact on 
our cost of gas? Is it increase, decrease? And if you can share the quantum that would be helpful? 
Suresh P. Manglani: 
You please continue your question; I'll try to memorize as much I can. I'm growing old, so I 
think I can memorize. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Second one, CNG volume growth of 18% Y-o-Y really a good set of numbers. If you could share 
the CNG vehicle additions in our geographical areas over the period of last 2 years. Along with 
this, if you could also share the CNG volume growth of your new geographical area versus the 
old geographical area? And the last one related to the APM gas price build-up. What is the share 
of corporate biogas blending in terms of volume? Is it more than 2% or less than 2% on the APM 
gas side? 
Suresh P. Manglani: 
Good questions, Yogesh. First of all, let me thank you for, I think, regularly following up the 
sector and also ATGL result. If you could please mute your mic because there is a lot of 
disturbance. So I think you have been a regular participant in our investor calls. It also shows 
that you have been following up regularly in the CGD sector as well as ATGL and your 
penetrated questions reflects the same. 
 
Let me take questions one by one, and I have my colleagues who deals with these subject matters. 
But broadly, let me say first few things and then thereafter, I will hand over to the team because 
I think your questions will resonate with a lot of other investors as well. 
 
2 zone, as I said, it's a good reform. Regulator has acted as a facilitator to give the growth boost 
for the sector. And more importantly, I think regulator has seen the consumer interest in the 
mind. 
 
So 3 zone to 2 zone is a good way to move forward. It brings efficiency. But more importantly, 
I think what the facilitating part of PNGRB has been done is that they have applied, with the 
consensus of industry, this was the most complex job that they have to take everybody's concern, 
including transmission partners. 
 
With that consensus, they have applied zone 1 tariff of INR54 for entire PNG domestic and CNG 
volume, not alone APM volume. It means whatever we sell, which must be around, I think, 
around 70% -- around 70% of our volume, that now has zone 1 tariff, INR54 as against earlier 
significant volume was going on zone 2. 
 
Now it has brought largely most of the GA barring 2, 3 GAs of Gujarat, we have been benefited 
significantly in terms of freight transportation as well as the GST part which gets reduced further; 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2026 
Page 6 of 13 
 
2, 3 GAs of Gujarat have very slight implication of tariff going up because they were earlier in 
zone 1. 
 
Now they remain in zone 1 from earlier INR42 to INR54 will have an implication of INR14, 
around 30%, but the volume in those GAs are still significantly lower as compared to our overall 
volume growth and the exit volume which is happening. So I think net-net, it has brought a good 
momentum boost. 
 
But as I said, for us, it is not to see what is coming as a saving for us. As I've been saying all 
along, consistently in my all investor calls, our main aim is to grow volume, wider consumer 
base, bring affordability in the consumer hands and provide operational delightness to the 
consumers. So keeping these objectives in mind, which has been mandated by our Chairman to 
us, we have immediately reduced the prices of PNG and CNG. 
 
And mind you, even in those areas, where zone 1 tariff now as higher 2, 3 GAs, which was lesser 
volume, not to disappoint our CNG consumers because neighbour would have a decrease in the 
price and they could have increase in the price, we, in fact, slightly decreased the price, to overall 
motivate our consumers, to give a right message to a CNG community that we are here to stay, 
and they should go ahead and convert their vehicles to CNG. 
 
So aim is to widen consumer base, a good step by PNGRB. Second, I think you asked CNG 
volume growth and number of vehicles, I'll hand over to Ravindra, and our CFO, Preyash, to 
give you the answer. On CBG blending in APM side, I can give you some overview about 
blending part. Today, there is a blending requirement of 1%, then 2%. 
 
Overall production itself is significantly lower of CBG. And it works in 2 ways, largely in a 
single way, I would say that we also produce CBG through our Barsana plant, and also to our 
Varanasi plant, which we purchased from our Varanasi Foundation, which is there from Gujarat, 
the Adani Foundation. 
 
But also, we purchased CBG from various developers. But how it works mechanism, Yogesh 
bhai, is that -- it is purchased under SATAT scheme under tripartite agreement in that meaning 
is that CBG volume gets into the pool of APM and gas, and that price becomes UBP, unified 
base price. 
 
So $6.5 or $6.75 will go slightly up, depending on the quantity which gets blended in CBG. So 
this is a universal quantity. Now we need to come to interpretation along with the ministry that 
now when it is being, let's say, if I buy in Ahmedabad, and I get it pooled and that price is shared 
by every other CGD, now whether this is blending for all or blending for only us. 
 
Now this is the area which we are currently discussing. But currently, our blending part is much, 
much lesser than what you are indicating 2%. I think our sourcing team will give you further 
information. Ravindra, you can. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2026 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Ravindra Desai: 
Good morning, everybody. So the part of CNG, there is 17% growth Y-o-Y, as sir explained. So 
respective to ATGL GAs, we are seeing growth of around 31% in the vehicle addition quarter-
on-quarter, which is an addition of around 45,000 vehicles, compared to the last quarter. 
 
In addition to that, you have asked regarding the CBG  So currently, we are purchasing CBG to 
the tune of 1% of our total consumption. And that is probably you can consider the blending of 
CBMGinto the natural gas. 
Yogesh Patil: 
So these 45,000 vehicle addition is compared to the quarter second FY '26 or quarter third FY 
'25? 
Suresh P. Manglani: 
Compared to last quarter, 45,000 vehicles have been added in ATGL GAs. 
Yogesh Patil: 
And what would be the total number of CNG vehicles to whom we are saving the CNG now? 
Ravindra Desai: 
So if you're talking about quarter-on-quarter total number of vehicles around 3 lakh vehicles 
were sold pan-India level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varatharajan from Antique Stock Broking Limited. 
Varatharajan: 
In terms of the mix of gas, which you are using as of now, if you can give us an idea. And also 
specifically, if you have any insight into how the New Well Gas supply has gone down for all 
the CNG players, how it has gone down for you. I mean, is there any kind of a base or a trend 
you observe how this is actually progressing? And if you have any expectations in the month of 
April in terms of further modification of allocation as well? 
Ravindra Desai: 
Yes. So we have not -- what has happened, the APM allocation has increased a bit, which is 
probably good for the industry. And in terms of the domestic gas, considering APM, New Well 
Gas and HPHT, I would say it would comprise of around 65% to 70% of our portfolio, and the 
balance would be R-LNG. So we are not seeing much depletion in this domestic gas production 
in the last quarter. 
Suresh P. Manglani: 
That include New Well Gas. 
Ravindra Desai: 
New Well Gas, I would say, the proportion, what was expected, probably a reduction in APM 
and the increase in New Well Gas that has not happened, and that is good for the industry. So 
probably that is better for ATGL would say the proportion of allocation from New Well Gas has 
not increased. 
Suresh P. Manglani: 
So any of you, Varatharajan, if you are not satisfied with our answer, please do raise it again. 
We'll make sure that you are fully satisfied with our responses. 
Varatharajan: 
This is good. Sir, do you have any expectation come April? And do you see 1 more round of 
cut? How is this predictability originally supposed to be getting some kind of an advanced notice 
in case like there is a cut which is going to be implemented. If I remember right, it was supposed 
to be somewhere around 6 months or somewhere around that? Is that process being followed? 
Are we looking at something happening in April or nothing? 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2026 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Suresh P. Manglani: 
I would say not so much advanced notice, but not a big problem also. We are seeing the 
allocation continue in the similar trend what it was happening earlier. So we are not facing much 
issues there. 
Varatharajan: 
That is fine. So in terms of our rollout of services additionally, what is the target we are looking 
at in terms of number of outlets to be added for the rest of the year this year, as well as any plans 
for next year and the following year, if you can give us a visibility, for yourself on a stand-alone 
basis as well as like your joint venture? 
Suresh P. Manglani: 
So Varatharajan, actually see, there is 1 guiding factor for us is that we have bidded our minimum 
work program on CNG stations, right? While -- so 680 numbers is currently. And as we have 
said, that we are rolling it out every year, additional number in this next quarter also, we'll see 
some more numbers. What we do is actually Varatharajan that we plan it out basis the way we 
see traction of our volume, while keeping in mind overall weightage of MWP the way we have 
given. 
 
So I think you will see a healthy growth in our CNG stations. Our actually focus is not only 
driving through the main engine of COLO stations, which is co-located with oil marketing 
company. If you see from our commentary that we had 136 CNG stations on CODO/DODO. So 
that takes slightly better, more time. Our focus is that to grow this network because this gives us 
leverage for future value addition of our businesses. 
 
In addition to that, this also gives us the customer experience as Adani and Total would like to 
give to our consumers. So you will see growth in that segment as well as currently, when I'm 
speaking to you, pan-India, we have opened the dealership LOIs, and there's a continuous 
advertisements going on. 
 
So both on the COLO front, wherever we require to do initial mobilization of CNG stations in 
our new geographical areas, but largely in existing geographical areas, we are growing through 
the CODO or DODO stations. So I would tell you that you may please wait for our results 
actually, which we announced. Numbers will be healthy for both CNG in this quarter as well as 
for the next year. 
Varatharajan: 
Fine. Sir, one last question on the throughput for outlet. So given the fact that we have had a 
very, very healthy addition to number of vehicles last quarter, what would be the average 
throughput per outlet in terms of kgs per day or CNG? 
Suresh P. Manglani: 
So again, this is a very good question you asked, actually and this is a curiosity we also carry 
because we have 34 GA, it means 95 districts. Every GA is at a different maturity level. So if 
you ask me, there will be -- let's say, if you ask Faridabad, for example, Faridabad will have very 
high throughput of, let's say, 6,000 odd or maybe ranging to up to 10,000 to 12,000, 15,000 kgs 
per station. 
 
If you ask Ahmedabad, it may be generally minimum 4,000, but ranging in around 5,000 to 
6,000 going upward and upward because these are mature GA. Same with our Khurja GA, 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2026 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Palwal GA, but if you ask the newer geographical area, you will find recently inaugurated a 
station maybe 500 kg and then newer -- a little more older station going to 1,500 kg to 2500 kg. 
 
So it is very wide. And if I give you 1 generalized number of throughput on 680 stations, it may 
not actually give you a right perspective. Your conclusion may not be right. It is actually the 
way CGD life cycle gets developed. 
 
We see actually a good traction of volume across all geographical area, and you are seeing CNG 
volume traction. You are also seeing that how new vehicles are coming up, how the retrofitments 
are going up. 
 
The important part, actually, what we are seeing is the traction even in the goods vehicle, which 
we are seeing. And you can see the vehicle which have been newly purchased on the goods 
vehicle side also. 
 
Also, I would like through your platform also to tell you that while we are discussing today, you 
are seeing that across various geographical areas, and we are expanding that, we have launched 
substantive incentive plans for our CNG consumers for either buying new vehicle from any 
OEM; Maruti, Hyundai and any other OEM. 
 
Similarly, on a retrofitment, we are giving significant amount of a cash back of INR15,000 to 
INR20,000 per vehicle, 3-wheeler is very different around INR10,000 to INR15,000 and for 
bus/truck, INR1 lakh to INR1.5 lakh, that you can take the cashback from us in form of a CNG 
refill. 
 
So this helps us to widen -- as I said in the beginning, and I have been saying for all my investor 
calls, Adani Group and TotalEnergies aim through ATGL is to widen consumer base, focus on 
volume growth. Throughput will be the consequence of that. 
Varatharajan: 
Fine. If I may, I have a couple of more questions. If there is a long queue, I'll come back. 
Suresh P. Manglani: 
Varatharajan, all insightful questions you asked. Hope we could answer back to your 
satisfaction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from Baroda BNP Paribas Mutual Fund. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
You mentioned that we have around 130 CODO as well as DODO stations, and you also gave 
us certain ranges of the throughput per outlet. So I just wanted to understand the thought at what 
level of throughput the dealer is willing to make investments into the station and ready to go for 
a DODO station? 
 
And how does the economics work out for dealer. So what sort of gives the comfort that they'll 
be able to sort of earn the good IRR on the investment? That was the first question. And second 
question was about you also give us a -- told us that 45,000 quarter-on-quarter vehicle additions 
has been done. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2026 
Page 10 of 13 
 
 
Just wanted to understand the breakup between Gujarat and outside Gujarat as well as within 
Gujarat, where is the growth coming from? Is it largely the -- is it possible to give a breakup in 
terms of the private cars, commercial vehicles and different grading to understand the source of 
growth? 
Suresh P. Manglani: 
Good. Thank you Kirtan actually. And thanks for asking further supplementary question on 
CODO and DODO, which I thought was very pertinent for me even to explain, but answer was 
going very long. 
 
So I think you are now giving me opportunity to explain to you further. I think for a DODO 
dealer, the more important is that he has to see the -- not only the immediate volume, but over 
the period where volumes are going to be heading. And then we also help them to see that even 
if he comes with a one land parcel, which is not very strategic, we will guide him to bring the 
better location. 
 
That's number, you are only seeing 136, our target was 400, but we are being very calibrated 
way that dealers should finally get a good IRR. So I'm very happy to tell you that by and large, 
there will be some pockets where we are again boosting through these schemes more and more 
volume to come in. 
 
I think that there is a healthy volume growth. That's the reason your response to our LOI is 
overwhelming, actually, continuously everybody is asking for another CNG station and that 
there is a repeat. 
 
The people who are having a station in Gujarat, for example, they are continuously asking us 
more CNG stations in Udaipur or Bhilwara or in other places. And similarly, the vice versa, the 
dealer, which is in other location is asking new location CNG stations. 
 
So I think overall, it's a confidence level, which is there, they are building up a good IRR. 
Important in this business is that they have a confidence in our technology and these processes 
where there is no adulteration possible. 
 
There is no malfunctioning possible by the people. So they are also fully assured that if they are 
deploying a manager, they can -- and the land remains with them only. So there are various 
business aspects besides only throughput, but throughputs are healthy, I would say. 
 
And then again, as I said in the original answer, that depends upon some places, Udaipur station 
is even ranging up to 10,000 kg, but Bhilwara maybe 2,000 kgs. So actually, it depends upon 
where it is. And investments are also -- similarly, some stations are very small, some are very 
large formats. 
 
So depending upon location and also, we give some rental amount to them or the 1 or 2 years 
for them, we give them business development support fees for some new geographical area. So 
we are partner in prosperity. We don't see only the dealer should make everything from his side. 
So I think we try to make sure that dealers remains sticky with us. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2026 
Page 11 of 13 
 
 
And volume throughput, again, as I said, IRR will depend upon investment by the dealer, 
depending upon land size, etc., and formats. But overall, it is encouraging for us that dealers -- 
network is growing. And the only number of vehicle breakup, I think Ravindra will give you 
the... 
Ravindra Desai: 
So on the vehicle breakup in the state of Gujarat, around 30,000 vehicles have been added in the 
last quarter. And out of that, around 43% is in Ahmedabad and the balance is in rest of Gujarat. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Just a couple of follow-ups. In terms of dealer incentives, what would be the range? Like what 
we understand is I think INR3 to INR5 per kg is what we typically the OMC charge. So first 
station is owned by dealer-owned, dealer operator, what could be the different range across 
different cities or different geographic areas? And on the vehicle as well, is it also possible to 
categorize them into sort of taxis, commercial vehicles or cars, is that breakup also possible? 
Suresh P. Manglani: 
So Kirtan actually on the dealer margin which you are asking, again, as I said, depend upon new 
geographical area what is our focus, let's say, Tamil Nadu may have very different margin, 
whereas the Ahmedabad, which is very matured with very high throughput volume. So again, I 
think you are asking a question which is very specific to commercial inquiry for the new dealer 
station. 
 
And if you are interested or some of your friends and colleagues are interested, I think it is 
important that you ask them to log in our website because everything is online and they should 
show the interest and our team -- channel team will immediately get in contact with them and 
give them the complete specific location basis margins and what support we extend, what rental 
we pay. So these are very specific commercial inquiry about a particular business segment. Now 
regarding the breakup of vehicle, Ravindra, would you like to provide. 
Ravindra Desai: 
Actually, we do not have a break-up of the vehicles, we'll let you know later. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Sure, sir. Thank you for colour. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Varatharajan from Antique Stock Broking 
Limited. 
Varatharajan: 
Again, in terms of the vehicles, just now you gave some of the detail on the 45,000, would you 
have a sense of how much is OEM and how much is retrofitted among that, sir? Approximate 
number will be -- even sense would help. Is it like 10%, 30%? 
Suresh P. Manglani: 
From a point of view of -- directional point of view, I think it's a significant number is OEM 
number. Now actually, the trend is largely people are opting new vehicles, the CNG vehicle, 
because there are incentives which we are offering, the kind of a promotion, which Maruti is 
doing along with us, or even other OEMs are doing it. 
 
So you will say that around two-third, one-third could be the proportion of the OEM vehicles 
versus a retrofit vehicle. The exact numbers, Ravindra will supply to you through Adish, so that 
you are aware and if any other investors are interested, we could give them those information 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2026 
Page 12 of 13 
 
because these are publicly available information on RTO sites, or even our sites, so we will able 
to give them whatever we could expect from them. 
Varatharajan: 
My second question was on the industrial side of the business. What is the sense we are getting 
like are there any concerns which are actually causing a problem in terms of growth? Are we 
looking at any kind of a regulatory change or implementation of within norms, which can 
actually help going forward? Or I mean, anything which can actually open things up for us? And 
as of now, what is the kind of a growth rate we are seeing? Just wanted to get a sense of that? 
Suresh P. Manglani: 
So I think you are bang on the point actually. While the customer must have a choice of a fuel, 
which he wants to opt for the industrial unit, which is running, and that is what is getting reflected 
in our growth or the slightly lesser volume, which we got in this quarter because alternate fuels, 
particularly the LPG propane are actually were very moderate and the prices were reduced -- 
prices came down significantly during the quarter. 
 
But despite that, I'm very happy that our team -- our sourcing team and the project teams, they 
could manage to sustain the number of -- very healthy number across the GA but this stress will 
remain because if the alternate fuels are getting cheaper, particularly the liquid fuels, then that 
brings pressure on the -- our pricing as well. 
 
But good part is that we have very strong sourcing portfolio, that's what is reflecting, not only 
in the volume but also in the EBITDA growth, which we have shown PAT, PBT growth year-
on-year basis, despite the challenging times of alternate fuel being cheaper and gas prices 
sometimes, Henry Hub and all were very sharply higher, actually. 
 
Now what we need, actually, one thing which everybody is looking for compliance to the 
policies of what have been notified by government, for example, in NCR, you are supposed to 
use on a natural gas or a cleaner fuel, but we find even in some places, those issues we find that 
if people find some ways around it. 
 
Second, I think the industry has been requesting and we are engaged with the authorities who 
are policymakers that there has to be some sort of motivation for MSMEs to opt for -- voluntarily 
opt for a piped natural gas because to get the level playing field across the country. 
 
So I think industry has been requesting for some sort of connection incentive for taking first time 
PNG supply and also consumption-linked incentive or whatever nomenclatures policymakers 
may call it, that will boost the actually consumption of natural gas in the country across pan-
India, and also give a major boost to the infrastructure utilization of CGD companies. 
 
So that is one thing, we are -- industry is aspiring to achieve. And we are seeing quite positively 
-- positive at the policymaker side. It takes time, but I think I'm sure someday, we will see these 
major policy reforms as well. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Adish Vakharia for the closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 

 
 
Adani Total Gas Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2026 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Adish Vakharia: 
Thank you once again to all investors, funds, analysts for taking the time to join our quarter 3 
earnings calls. If you have any further questions or queries, please feel free to reach out to us. 
The contact details are available on the website as well as on the Investor Relations press release. 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Adani Total Gas Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining with us today, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
