 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
Registered Office: 
Adani Corporate House 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle,  
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,  
Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India 
Ph +91 79-2656 5555 
www.ambujacement.com 
CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717 
 
 
February 4, 2026 
 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
 
Scrip Code: AMBUJACEM 
BSE Limited 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500425 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 
Code: US02336R2004 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earning Call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Further to our letter dated January 13, 2026 and January 30, 2026 regarding 
Analyst/Institutional call scheduled on January 30, 2026, please note that the transcript 
of the earnings conference call on the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone & 
Consolidated) for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025 is uploaded on 
the website of the Company at www.ambujacement.com. The said transcript is also 
attached herewith. 
 
The weblink to access above transcript is Investor Presentation I Ambuja Cement 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours Sincerely,  
For Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
 
Manish Mistry 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
Manish 
Vinodchandra 
Mistry
Digitally signed by 
Manish Vinodchandra 
Mistry 
Date: 2026.02.04 
19:16:43 +05'30'

Page 1 of 27 
 
 
 
Ambuja Cements, ACC Ltd, Orient Cement and Sanghi 
Industries 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Call 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
 
 
MR. VINOD BAHETY  
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. ROHIT SONI 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. DEEPAK BALWANI – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
MODERATOR 
MR. KRUPAL MANIAR -- ANTIQUE STOCKBROKING 
 
 
 
 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 27 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Ambuja Cements Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Antique Stockbroking. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Krupal Maniar from Antique Stockbroking. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
Krupal Maniar: 
Thank you, Iqra. Good evening, and a warm welcome to everyone. On behalf of Antique 
Stockbroking, we welcome you all to the third quarter FY '26 earnings call of Ambuja Cements 
Limited. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Deepak Balwani, Head of Investor Relations. Thanks, and 
over to you, sir. 
Deepak Balwani: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ambuja Cements, I'm pleased to welcome all the participants to our 
quarter 3 FY '26 earnings call. Ambuja Cements Limited is part of the diversified Adani portfolio 
and the world's ninth largest building material solutions company. Before we start, please note 
that this call may include forward-looking statements based on our current beliefs and 
expectations. These are not guarantees of future performance and may involve unforeseen risks 
and uncertainty. 
 
We are pleased to have with us on the call Mr. Vinod Bahety, Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. 
Rohit Soni, Chief Financial Officer. Now I invite Mr. Vinod Bahety to provide his valuable 
insights on the quarterly performance. 
Vinod Bahety: 
Thank you, Deepak. Good evening, and a warm welcome to everyone joining us for the third 
quarter results of FY '26. This has been our decisive and strategically important quarter for 
Ambuja Cements. We delivered industry-leading performance, growing our volumes at 2x the 
industry average. This was supported by stronger market execution, improved availability across 
both trade and non-trade channels and higher base capacity utilization. 
 
Our actions on premiumization and mix improvement helped us capture significantly higher 
market share, better realization than the peers and thereby reinforcing our leadership position. 
 
The operating environment remained favorable throughout the quarter. Cement demand growth 
was driven by infrastructure activity, sustained housing demand and a recovery in the rural 
construction after a favorable monsoon. Our defining development this quarter has been the 
proposed amalgamation of ACC and Orient Cement with Ambuja Cements. This marks the 
beginning of a unified One Cement Platform that will accelerate our growth trajectory, support 
EBITDA expansion, strengthen operational excellence leverage, improve logistics density and 
enhance capital efficiency. 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 27 
 
 
We see this driving long-term value creation over the next 24 to 36 months. Regulatory 
approvals are progressing quite well. We are seeing an early operational success across the 
acquired assets, the capacity utilization for the quarter improved meaningfully for the acquired 
assets at 58%, improvement of 21% compared to the previous -- to the last year Y-on-Y, which 
was at 37%. Utilization had further improved -- the exit of December, by the way, is 65%, 
although my quarter average is 58% for the acquired assets, but the exit is at 65%. And we are 
confident and looking forward to achieve almost 80% on these acquired assets. 
 
These outcomes reflect disciplined execution of our integration and optimization playbook. 
Pricing has entered January on firmer ground as we are seeing a similar uptick in price in 
January, along with double-digit volume growth. Southern markets are leading increases in the 
range of INR15 to INR20 for non-trade, while the Northern market has witnessed price increase 
in the range of INR5 to INR10 in non-trade range. Importantly, these hikes have helped making 
a departure from the rollback-prone patterns of the previous years. With a comprehensive focus 
on value and market share, realizations improved INR5 per bag as compared to last year. 
 
Trade pricing continues to outperform non-trade with gaps widening up to INR31 per bag as 
non-trade remains more sensitive to the infra-led offtake and seasonal disruptions. On capacity, 
we commissioned 2.4 million tons of Marwar Grinding Unit ahead of the schedule. With this 
addition, our total capacity now stands at 109 million tons per annum. We were looking earlier 
at 120 million tons in FY '26. 2 million tons of Sindri and Jamul has also been included here in 
addition to our 118 million tons of target, but the Warisaliganj commissioning is now scheduled 
for first quarter of '27. 
 
So there is a delay of 3 months in Warisaliganj such that now we will be exiting March at 115 
million tons as compared to earlier 118 million tons. Alongside this, we are unlocking an 
additional 15 million tons of debottlenecking capacity at lower capex cost. These initiatives will 
provide a clear and capital-efficient pathway to reach our aim of hitting 155 million tons by 
March of '28, which will position us strongly for sustained growth. 
Premiumization continues to be a powerful value driver for us. Premium cement volumes 
accounted for 35% of the trade sales. And in absolute terms, it increased 31% compared to last 
year, amongst the highest in the industry. 
 
Ambuja Kawach and ACC Gold, they remain our blockbuster premium cement products under 
the super premium segment. And GST reduction only has helped in terms of shifting of the 
consumer preference towards the higher-quality performance-driven products. 
 
Cost leadership remains a key strategic advantage, although I'm sure you have seen that in this 
quarter, my costs have gone up, and you would be keen to know about the reasons, but I can 
only give in more details when I come to the cost part. But we have delivered visible Y-o-Y 
reductions across the value chain. Kiln fuel cost declined by 6%, power cost reduced 15%, green 
power share increased by 15% to now 37% and logistics costs reduced by 1%. Our narrative on 
reaching INR3,650 per ton of cost by March '28 continues. 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 27 
 
 
A little bit more on the cost so that while our December quarter comes at INR4,500 a ton as 
compared to our September quarter, it is almost INR250 hike. In the -- right in the beginning, I 
can highlight that these are like specific onetime expenses because my exit of December is below 
INR4,000 December month. So that this INR4,500, I would say, is an aberration of one of these 
initiatives. For example, the brand transition, the B2B and the B2C segment. As you know, that 
we have introduced and more larger amplification of Adani Cement brand. 
 
We have also done a substantial overhauling of the assets of Sanghi, Penna, which has seen a 
significant capacity improvement. I must also tell you that Sanghi is now operating. The 
December month exit is almost at, for clinker, 80%; and for cement, 65%. Penna is also showing 
a very healthy improvement in the capacity utilization. There were 1 or 2 plants which had some 
unfortunate equipment failures and one of them was Tandur for the Penna and Jamul for ACC. 
 
But these are like under now going to be operational very soon. So these are like expenditures 
which have come in terms of the quarter, but this will not be there for the March quarter. 
Therefore, exit of December already, as I said, we are below INR4,000 a ton. 
 
Coming back to my commentary, our renewable energy footprint now stands at almost 900 
megawatts, strengthening both sustainability and cost resilience. The real benefits of this 900-
megawatt trends will come in coming quarters because many of this power as of now, I'm selling 
in the market because it will require certain approvals in terms of consumption at my site, but 
that will happen very soon. And therefore, the benefit will significantly come in the coming 
quarters. But the good thing is these assets are operational, and I'm able to sell this power in the 
market. 
 
We expect to reach 1,122 megawatts by FY '27, providing this long-term insulation in terms of 
the energy price volatility. This green power, when I consume captively, as I said, it will 
significantly improve my overall power cost per unit. As of now, I can tell you it is almost closer 
to INR6.1 per unit (excluding green power sale). When I look at the competition, they have an 
advantage over there, but that advantage will sooner come to Adani Cement once this is fully 
operational and we are able to consume it. 
 
Digital intelligence continues to be central to our operating model. We have launched CiNOC, 
Cement Intelligent Network Operations Center, which is AI-enabled central control system. Lots 
of applications, user interfaces, simplified apps and smart tabs have been given to our people. 
And I strongly believe that this will be a game changer and will bring substantial efficiency and 
productivity with power of analytics to the cement business. Both IT and OT will have a 
significant improvement. 
 
Our ecosystem continues to deepen our execution advantage. We expanded engagement across 
the priority industry platforms. You are all aware of our engagement with CREDAI, BAI, 
NAREDCO, Institute of Town Planning, amongst many. These are like first of its kind 
institutional partnerships which we have initiated in the last 9 months, and they are giving us 
significant results. On-ground programs and brand activations continue to build trust in our 
product quality and services. 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 27 
 
 
FutureX, which now engages almost 750-plus institutions. Some of you would know that we 
launched this program on 15th of September, which is turned out to be the largest industry 
academy initiative. Almost now it encompasses 1.3 million students, which will give us a 
significant advantage to bring the synergies of academia with the industry apart from getting the 
mind share and market share. 
 
In terms of the consolidated financial performance, we delivered a strong performance this 
quarter, supported by higher volumes, improved realizations and discipline on the cost, although 
as I said, the December month has been a significant improvement and which will percolate 
down to March quarter as well. 
We reported our highest ever quarterly sales volume at almost 18.9 million tons, up 17% and 
the market share improved to 16.6%. By the way, we have been giving a consistent double-digit 
volume growth for the last 9 months. So even if you look at my 9 months volume growth, it is 
in the range of almost 19%. 
 
On a normalized basis, we achieved the highest quarterly revenue at INR10,277 crores in the 
third series of the year, Q3, up 20% supported by INR5 per bag improvement in realizations. I 
think you will find some of the industry players have seen a decline in the prices Y-on-Y, but 
our focus on market, our focus on premium cement, our focus on blended cement, and you will 
see more accelerated focus, it is now giving us a delta improvement in the realization, which in 
this case has improved by INR5 per bag Y-o-Y. 
 
PAT for the quarter was INR378 crores, a jump of 258%. Again, for the sake of clarification, 
we have put the entire table on the one-off exceptional items so that PAT is apple-to-apple 
comparable. Unlike if you go with the reported numbers, you will find a steep fall, but that is 
incorrect because there are exceptional items sitting in terms of the income tax refunds and 
onetime of the items or the excise duty drawback for Himachal, which I have clarified in my IR 
deck also, in my reported numbers also in press release. So that is -- for apple-to-apple 
comparison, PAT is up 258%. 
 
Operating EBITDA was INR1,353 crores, up 53%. And again, I've given a clarification that the 
Himachal excise drawback is a one-off item. Last time also, you all had suggested the same 
thing, INR826-odd crores. So when you remove that, my EBITDA is up 53% Y-o-Y and the 
per-metric-ton EBITDA is closer to INR718 per ton, up 31%. 
I have given you some explanation of earlier when in second quarter, September, when my 
EBITDA was almost INR1,060 per ton, the delta of INR250 per ton ballpark, for example, is 
what I told you in the element of cost, which is slightly higher as compared to last quarter. But 
as I said, December exit is phenomenally below INR4,000. 
 
The EBITDA performance was supported by Y-on-Y basis, 2% cost improvement. Kiln cost 
declined 6%. Of course, I can tell you that the kiln rate is better for me, but the kiln efficiency, 
I'm still -- when I look at some benchmarks, I'm still at 25 to 30 kilocalorie heat consumption 
higher, which is an area -- which is clearly earmarked for us to run down. Power cost reduced 
by 15% on back of the green power share, which is increased by almost 15% and my logistics 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 27 
 
costs -- and there's a good scope for me to further reduce my logistics cost, but as of now, it is 
reduced by, say, 1%. 
 
The diluted earnings per share for the quarter is INR0.82. Net worth is almost at INR70,000 
crores; to be precise, INR69,854 crores, and it increased by the INR361 crores, which is equal 
to closer to the PAT, which we have made for the quarter. Company remains debt-free, CRISIL 
and CARE AAA stable and A1+ ratings, which are the highest in the country. 
 
From the operational excellence trends, our operations have strengthened on back of disciplined 
execution, capacity expansion and network optimization. And in terms of the low capex logistics 
initiatives, which, for example, are on the track, some of them, for example, so we have already 
ordered the vessels, almost 7 of them, which will be delivered to us by somewhere like mid of 
'27. We also are working right now in terms of the EV for which we already have given some 
orders. So you will see more of this. 
 
We also are putting the blenders at the plants. We are also debottlenecking on the logistics. We 
are also putting a sharp increase in terms of the production of the premium cement. So all of 
this, for example, will bring a substantial improvement in the overall, say, plant efficiency. By 
the way, we have substantially run down the SKUs, which used to be multiple SKUs from a 
plant, almost 30%, 40% of that efficiency has also been brought in. 
 
On the digitalization, I have covered it, so I won't repeat more. But on the ESG and sustainability, 
this quarter marked another step forward in extending our climate and sustainability leadership, 
efficiency improvements from the modern assets, and by the way, more and more modern assets 
because this March quarter itself, we will have almost around 8 million tons of cement, which 
will be up and running and commissioned. So this efficient new assets will help to average out 
the overall efficiency factors. It will help me to bring down the lead distances. 
 
As of now, I see that my lead is relatively higher compared to the -- some of the peers, but that 
is obviously in terms of the location advantage what others have since they have a number of 
GUs. But in my case, as we move up with new assets, it will come down. We accelerated our 
breakthrough on decarbonization pathways, while we have been the first in the universe in terms 
of the commercial scale installation of Coolbrooks RDH, which is RotoDynamic Heater 
technology for the kiln electrification. This will help me substantially to improve my AFR. As 
you know, that we are doing it in Boyareddypalli plant in Andhra. 
 
Additionally, the Indo-Swedish carbon capture unit pilot project in partnership with IIT Bombay 
and the Government of Sweden is already in the process. And we have become the first Indian 
cement company to adopt the TNFD framework, bringing our nature-related disclosures in line 
with the global benchmark. So on the ESG front, friends, I can assure you that we are front 
runners, and we will not leave any stone unturned to achieve the ESG desired parameters. 
 
On people, community and capability building, our organization is becoming younger. As I told 
you last time also, my plants are becoming younger. We are becoming more digital savvy, and 
we are more focusing on smart execution. Across the communities, we are expanding access to 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 27 
 
future-ready skills through robotics, drone labs, rural KPOs, so on and so forth. I think so in 
terms of our community engagement, it is on a very strong footing. 
 
And therefore, you will see more approvals coming on the -- at the various public hearings and 
all. Brand, customer and stakeholder engagement has been very strong. Our presence across the 
29 high-impact industry platforms enabled us directly engage with more than 38,000 key 
stakeholders, including builders, developers, engineers, architects and policymakers, which I 
mentioned to, some of the CREDAI, BAI, NAREDCO so and so forth. It is giving us a direct 
interface. 
 
Brand visibility remained widespread with outreach and activations touching over 300 million 
individuals across the cinema, OTT, digital so and so forth. I think so our team is very forward 
in terms of using the digital media. In terms of the technical services, which is the -- one of the 
key strengths of Adani Cement, and I have a very sizable team on technical services. We have 
strengthened considerably. What we call it as ACT, Adani Certified Technology site, which are 
like the houses which are built by our premium cement, this is growing every quarter. 
 
And this quarter, we had almost 36,000 ACT sites. We have a network of 70,000-plus 
contractors, influencers. We have almost like taken 400 workshops and so on and so forth. So 
on the technical engagements also, we are on a very strong footing. 
 
Now friends, on the last concluding for my opening speech in terms of industry, I'm very 
positive. I've been positive for last 4 quarters. When I -- at the beginning of this financial year, 
in the first quarter itself, I told I see a demand growth of almost 8%. And in between, there were 
headwinds of the war and monsoon and seasonal dynamics and so on and so forth, but you are 
seeing a strong revival coming back. And therefore, FY '26, I strongly believe the industry will 
close at almost 8% growth of demand, which resembles also like 1.1x of the GDP of almost 
7.5%. So demand comes around 8%. 
 
Exit of trend of December was robust and with demand strengthening from early December and 
carrying into January also, I mentioned to you that even in January, we have seen a good level 
of, say, price improvements, and we are also seeing a similar trend expected in February. So the 
overall revenue are going to improve. It is expected almost, as I said, 8% demand growth and 
almost 2% to 3% improvement -- another improvement in the quarter -- coming quarter, which 
will be a healthy finish for the year. 
 
Against this backdrop, our R&D-backed customized cement solutions, you will hear it very soon 
that we are also doing some specific R&D-backed customized cements, and that is going to 
strengthen my value-added products of cement and thereby the weighted average realizations. 
Institutional demand is very healthy, but growing focus is on the blended cement which will 
consume lots of, say, fly ash or slag. So that is what, for example, will be a key driver for me. 
 
Currently, my share of trade and non-trade is almost, 65% is trade and non-trade is 35%. Down 
the line, it will be moving towards 70%-30%. By the way, end of December, exit of December, 
we are seeing this trend of 67%-33%. And January already, we are at 70%-30%. So that is, for 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 27 
 
example, what we are focusing more on the trade channels, which is going to give healthy kind 
of realizations. 
 
Overall, strategies are working very well on the market-led leadership and the cost leadership is 
going to unfold in quarters to come as already started with December at almost below INR4,000. 
And I'm seeing the same trend, which will follow through in the March quarter. And needless to 
mention that all the benefits of AFR, WHRS, green power, new cement capacities gives me lots 
of confidence that our journey to achieve INR3,800 per ton of cost by March '27; INR3,650 by 
March '28, that conviction and confidence continues. 
 
Thank you, although it was a little longer, but I thought I will go into more details, but now back 
to the moderator. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Navin Sahadeo from ICICI Securities. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
So 2 questions. One is on your volumes. So in the quarter, you have reported about 17% growth. 
But if I were to just exclude Orient from it, which you have reported -- I mean, first of all, 
congratulations for the transparent kind of entity-wise reporting, which helps us really 
understand and even pose this question in the first place. So congratulations on that. 
 
My question was, if I exclude Orient, from the total volumes, then the volume growth comes to 
more like 6%. And even I'm assuming Penna would have ramped up. My question was that if 
the realization decline, as I see, is much less than peers. So is it that in Q3, we were focusing 
more on premiumization or on pricing or value versus volume and which is why we saw a 
slightly lesser growth in other regions, if I may think it that way? And how should one look at 
them incrementally going ahead about volumes ex of South from a market share and growth 
point of view? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Okay. So you had 2 questions. So Navin, you're through with your both the questions? 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Sorry. My second question then was on the renewable energy. So 898 out of 1,112 is already 
commissioned, which is nearly 80%. But in your opening comments, you also said that you're 
not able to utilize it fully pending approval. So you're selling it in the market. 
 
So is it that this -- whatever you are selling in the market is -- how is that reported in the first 
place? And then what kind of savings -- by when can we expect and how much savings in the 
renewable space? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Okay, Navin. So let's come to the most important question is in terms of the volume growth. I 
think 17%, which includes all the entities Ambuja as a consol, right, Y-on-Y. So you're right 
that in the previous year quarter, Orient was not there. I can do the math. And Orient, if I exclude, 
that would come somewhere like 8%. And if I completely remove all the acquired assets and 
then if I go with the base capacities, Navin, that comes to -- in fact, that is a tad better than the 
industry, it comes to closer to around 6%, yes. Now -- which would mean the base capacities of 
Ambuja and ACC, right? 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 27 
 
 
Now if you do a similar thing for other companies, you will find that those companies are at 
somewhere like 3% to 4%. I'm not naming anyone, but generally, like that is the trend, but we 
are actually better than that. 
 
Second question -- so second point, you're right that in terms of the gear shift, of course, now 
the strong brand of Ambuja and ACC and now with the loaded power of Adani and therefore, 
now it's like Adani Ambuja, Adani ACC, our whole larger drive is to regain the market share on 
the trade side. So many companies will end up doing a larger share of volume because they will 
end up doing on the non-trade side and all. Our focus will be to regain the leadership position of 
Adani Cement on the trade side on back of the strong brand equity, what we have. 
 
So therefore, forward-looking, I can say 70%-30%. I mentioned in my opening remarks, 65%-
35% to now the exit of December 67%-33%. And then in March, already, although in the month 
of January, I'm seeing 70%-30% and gradually down the line, 75%-25%, for example. So that 
is like our wish list and are working to achieve. So that will definitely help me to improve my 
realization. 
 
It will help me to penetrate more premiumization. And therefore, the NSP will be better than the 
industry peers. This is a clear earmarked strategy and which is played in the month of -- in the 
quarter of December. 
 
And more so you will see it actively being played in the month of January as well as coming 
quarters, which also brings another point that the digital strength will help me more in direct 
engagement with the -- and simplified working with the dealers and therefore, the retailers and 
therefore, the end customer. Therefore, I'm very confident the whole logistics and the technology 
optimizers and the algorithms will help me on a speed of orders and all. So therefore, the blended 
cement and the trade will be a higher growth percentage. 
 
Coming back to your question on the renewable energy. As of now, renewable energy, there are 
2 factors. One is certain government approval. Second is also that my capacities when they come 
up and running. I told you like 8 million tons of the grinding units, then also the clinker in 
Bhatapara Line 3, the clinker in Maratha, which is expected in first quarter of the next year. 
Clinkering facilities obviously consumes more power. 
 
So as things move forward and when my new capacities come fully operational, they will be 
able to draw more power. Pending that, therefore, you can say that I'm ahead in terms of power 
and therefore, I'm also able to sell those power in the market. And I have a combination of both 
wind power and solar power. As of now, this income of power, it resides under the other 
operating income in the P&L, yes. So that is how it is. If I net it off in my power cost, then it 
will be much lower. But from an accounting perspective, right now, third-party sale is residing 
under the other operating income. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: 
A couple of questions. Sir, first is, how are we looking at the JP assets, which are now sitting at 
AEL? Would it make logical sense for Ambuja to digest it based on what the AEL decides upon? 
That's the first question, sir. 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 27 
 
Vinod Bahety: 
Yes, you complete, Ritesh, and then I can -- in one time, I can... 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yes, sir. And sir, second question is more on accounting. In ACC press release, we have written 
that plant maintenance from next fiscal will be amortized over 12 months. I just wanted to 
understand the rationale for it. And the other accounting-related question was in the notes to 
accounts, again, we have indicated that with respect to coal sales as other operating income, now 
basically, we net it off under power and fuel. 
 
In the earlier quarters, we have seen something similar for sales promotion expense. So just 
wanted to understand the thought process for the all 3 line items. One was maintenance, second 
is coal sales and third is promotion expense? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Yes, Ritesh, thank you. Good observations. First, Ritesh, on the JP assets. Last time also, I think 
a similar question would have -- had come rather, and I said that AEL is a separately listed 
company, and it would be better that this question is asked to them. As of now, I will keep it on 
an arm's length basis. And therefore, I would say, no comment right now from Adani Cement 
from Ambuja on this. 
 
Second is in terms of the accounting of the plant maintenance -- this is very important, Ritesh, 
because otherwise, what happens is so far, as of now, the accounting has been done, for example, 
say, December quarter, the accounting results into distorted sometimes picture of a quarter 
because the cost gets booked on an actual basis when the maintenance happens. What now we 
want to bring it, which is more logically to all of you also that this amortization will happen over 
12 months so that the quarters don't get distorted with the scheduled plant maintenances. 
 
Right now, the accounting policy has been to book it in the quarter when the maintenance activity 
actually happens, yes. So that is like a very proactive step so that all of you are able to then 
properly look at the quarter in a real sense. 
 
So far as your third question is in terms of the coal sales and the -- which is like whether it is 
netting off my other opex, I will just like want some details from my CFO. 
Rohit Soni: 
Yes. So in ACC, because of the MSA, what we have between the One Cement Platform, so the 
coal sale which happens, earlier we were netting it off on the expenditure. Given the discussions 
which we had with our auditors, we have shown it as gross at both the ends. So that is going 
under the revenue from operations instead of netting it off on the power and fuel and the value 
was INR315 crores for the period. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. Sir, can I just squeeze in one more question? 
Vinod Bahety: 
But again, Ritesh, I think the moot point here is I just want to again check that there is no 
impact... 
Rohit Soni: 
Per se. It's only grossing up of... 
Vinod Bahety: 
It is only the grossing up. No impact on the P&L item, right? 
Rohit Soni: 
Absolutely. 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 27 
 
Vinod Bahety: 
No impact on the EBITDA, right? So yes -- so Ritesh, over to you again. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yes. And sir, last question was basically, how should we understand the change in inventory on 
a sequential basis at Ambuja consol level? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Change in inventory, like what is your question specific? 
Ritesh Shah: 
It's moved from minus 381 to minus 84. The swing is quite substantial. 
Vinod Bahety: 
Yes. So okay, Rohit, do you want to address that? 
Rohit Soni: 
So Ritesh, if I can answer here. I mean, if you take quarter 2, that's where we have a big swing, 
and that's predominantly on account of the stock buildup, which happens in the quarter. That's 
the seasonality of the business, which is a low quarter sale from that perspective. So you'll have 
buildup on the cement stocks. You also have a buildup on the clinker stocks, which gets pushed 
out in quarter 3, quarter 4 and quarter 1, but it gets smoother now. 
 
So you see in this current quarter, we don't have much of it reflecting it. It's predominantly on 
buildup of the quarter 2, which we have. Otherwise, it's a seasonality which impacts. So there is 
nothing more to add out. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Gupta from Morgan Stanley. 
Rahul Gupta: 
My first question is, in the September quarter, you had mentioned that a majority of 
consolidation of Orient and Sanghi-related costs were largely behind. In fact, there was around 
INR42 per ton of maintenance-related cost in September, which should have subsided in this 
quarter. Can you help us understand what exactly is driving opex higher Q-on-Q? Any 
quantification over here would be helpful. And my another question is, by when can we expect 
clarity on the expansion? You gave us the 15 million ton debottlenecking breakdown, but what 
about the rest on your road map to 155 million ton? 
Rohit Soni: 
So Rahul, I think if you go back to Slide #38, so while it captures broadly the overall phasing of 
the expansion plan, so FY '26 exit is 115 million tons -- actually, it is 117 million tons, but then 
I'm also going to do mothballing of 2 unviable and -- economically unviable units basically. 
So therefore, I'm seeing 115 million tons on a net basis. And then on top of it, the overall phasing 
of FY '27 and '28, that will cover balance almost -- so it will have a combination of both the new 
GUs and the debottlenecking also. Ballpark around 130 million tons to 132 million tons will 
come by exit of March '27 and the balance will then come to me at exit of March '28. 
Rahul Gupta: 
No. What I was looking for was breakdown asset-wise. When can we expect details around that? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Breakdown of the capacity or breakdown -- what breakdown? 
Rahul Gupta: 
Yes. 
Vinod Bahety: 
Capacity? 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 27 
 
Rahul Gupta: 
Yes. 
Vinod Bahety: 
Okay. That we can -- so as things first, let's achieve the end of March so that we are happy at, 
say, 118 million tons -- 117 million tons, sorry, and minus 2 million tons of the mothballing, so 
115 million tons, for example, let's achieve that. Then as things progress, we will keep giving 
you further details because the blueprint is ready. But as things progress, we also want to go 
progressively with the quarters. 
Rahul Gupta: 
Got it. And my -- the earlier question on opex. 
Vinod Bahety: 
Sorry, earlier question was on cost of what? Of Penna and Sanghi? 
Rohit Soni: 
Debottlenecking. 
Vinod Bahety: 
Debottlenecking. I think in the last previous analyst call also, I told the debottlenecking comes 
below $50. So I was at, say, $48 per ton. 
Rahul Gupta: 
No, no, that's not what I was looking for. The last quarter, you had mentioned that Sanghi and 
Orient were largely fully transitioned and... 
Vinod Bahety: 
Okay, the operating cost -- the operating cost, you are saying? The O&M cost. 
Rahul Gupta: 
No, no. 
Vinod Bahety: 
I think the O&M cost, for example, Rahul, of course, like that point of time, Sanghi and Penna 
are through. But now for you to have a substantially more capacity utilization, there were some 
items which were left. And then as I said that for Penna, there were a couple of these plants like 
more so like Tandur was down. 
 
And in case of ACC, a couple of old assets were down on certain equipment. So that is where, 
for example, some of the scheduled maintenance, which was supposed to happen in, say, 
January, February got preponed in December itself, and that results into -- and which is precisely 
my point when Ritesh asked that how you want to schedule in terms of the overall maintenance 
cost. 
And I told that from coming financial year, we will have a proper amortization of the O&M cost 
over the quarters in terms of spread over the month as part of the budget so that there is no per 
se distortion of the cost on the actual basis, yes, unless there is any other breakdown. Otherwise, 
it will be like scheduled over the 4 quarters. 
Rahul Gupta: 
So let me ask this question differently. So how much of your opex was one-off during the 
quarter? 
Vinod Bahety: 
No. So like a good level of, for example, almost like in terms of my branding and my repairs, 
for example, almost INR125 is sort of like one-off. In terms of my higher freight, because 
sometimes you then go with a larger lead, and it is almost like INR25 to INR35 higher per ton. 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 27 
 
 
In terms of my -- some of the legal costs, onetime in terms of some of the legal cases, which we 
have won by the way, but then this adds to the cost. So ballpark around, say, INR150-odd is, 
say, onetime. And therefore, like when I look at now my December exit, my December exit is 
clearly below INR4,000, while compared to -- which was almost like INR4,500 a ton for the 
quarter, yes. 
 
So with every passing month, with every better utilization of green power, with every better 
utilization of the WHRS capacities and the alternate fuels, these costs are going to come down. 
So therefore, in terms of giving you an estimate, I can only give you an estimate ballpark, but 
the actuals will be positively surprising to all of us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Mehrotra from Kotak Securities. 
Siddharth Mehrotra: 
Sir, just to sort of elaborate on the previous participant's questions. Could you perhaps give us 
some breakdown in terms of direction for each of the cost line items, say, for example, in terms 
of power and fuel costs, how much do you expect them to trend downwards, upwards, same for 
other costs, so on and so forth? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Yes, Siddharth, good point. I can give you a ballpark. I think in the initial commentary also, I 
mentioned, let us say, for example, my overall, say, power consumption per ton of cement, which 
I find there's a scope for me to reduce by almost 10 to 12 units per ton. And in terms of rupees 
per unit, almost INR1.5 to INR2, which is like although end objective, but INR1 immediately. 
So ballpark, INR100 to INR125 a ton, I see improvement possible quickly on the power. 
 
While my end target is by FY '28, INR4.5 per unit as compared to INR6.1(excluding green 
power sale) in terms of my power cost and my consumption almost -- which is from here, I can 
improve by almost minimum 15 units. But as of now, I'm saying the 10 units is quite possible in 
the coming quarters and this INR1 reduction. So like, let us say, around INR150 -- INR100 to 
INR125 reduction on the power cost. 
 
On the fuel, almost like power -- the fuel is almost INR150 reduction is what, for example, we 
would like to peg ourselves. And back on the strength of -- on the strength of the new assets, 
which will come to us, which will reduce my overall, say, fuel -- the heat consumption. And 
with every passing quarter, my fuel cost is coming down and that you will see further trend. 
 
Look at the raw material, like now fly ash and all with the group synergies, we will be benefiting 
on the fly ash. We are putting up the BCFC rates all across the major centers of consumption, 
which will bring me benefits of logistics. So on logistics part, for example, when I look at it, 
almost INR150 reduction is what we are targeting to. And on the raw material, almost INR100. 
So plus/minus around, say, INR300 to INR350 is what, for example, will come, and that should 
come to bring it down my cost to almost INR3,800, again, as I'm saying, exit of '27 of March 
and INR3,650. 
 
But this is like, for example, as I said, positively will surprise with every passing quarter. But 
the blueprint is very clearly laid down. 
Siddharth Mehrotra: 
So these are basically longer-term goals, not exactly visible, say, over 1 or 2 quarters, right? 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 27 
 
Vinod Bahety: 
No, they will come down because, as I said, like the moment my line is ready for commissioning, 
Bhatapara, for example, line 3 is commissioned and it is ramping up. Maratha will come in Q1. 
This quarter, 8 million tons of cement will come. They will all be geared up to consume green 
power, which is right now, for example, which we are selling in the market. 
 
So like -- it's not like long -- mid- to long term. It will be possible to consume as they start to 
ramp up on an immediate basis also, number one. The moment they commission and get -- giving 
commercial production, this 8 million and all, the efficiency immediately improves because 
these are all efficient new kilns as compared to my almost -- the existing old assets. So like this, 
combination will give you quick returns on a quarterly basis. So every passing quarter will give 
you the improvements. 
 
Needless to say that, as I mentioned, the revenue pattern also will keep improving because all 
these new assets and all will be focused on premium and trade sales focus, blended cement focus. 
Many of my rakes, BCFC rakes are getting delivered. So like typically, once in -- almost 3 to 4 
rakes gets delivered a quarter. The moment they get delivered a quarter, it straight away helps 
me to deploy for movement of fly ash on railway logistics and therefore, the blended cement 
portion will go up. So I think don't look it as a long term. Look it as a every passing quarter kind 
of action. 
Siddharth Mehrotra: 
Got it, sir. Just one bookkeeping question, sir. What would be your guidance for capex, say, in 
the next couple of years? 
Vinod Bahety: 
So capex, Siddharth, as I have also highlighted in the investor deck, around ballpark -- for the 
growth part, say, ballpark, INR8,000-odd crores and for the efficiencies and all, another, say, 
INR2,000-odd crores. So I would peg it -- but this is like a modular kind of say, capex because 
basis the various opportunities. My foremost focus remains and continues on capacity utilization 
of my existing assets. So that is like straightaway helps me to bring substantial KPIs 
improvement. And therefore, this capex, when I indicate to you, it also will be a factor of how 
the existing assets also spans out in terms of utilization of the capacity and all. But ballpark, yes, 
INR10,000-odd crores, you can consider. 
Siddharth Mehrotra: 
Over 2 years, 3 years? 
Vinod Bahety: 
No, no. This is like I'm saying yearly capex. 
Siddharth Mehrotra: 
Annual capex. Okay, okay. Got it, got it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. 
Amit Murarka: 
So just on your expansions, while you have put out the numbers, but specifically on the clinker 
unit, which is Maratha and the Rajasthan clinker unit and Penna, by when is that expected to 
commission now? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Good. So Penna -- Amit, thank you. Penna is expected in this quarter itself. It is being targeted 
somewhere like third week of February, but hopefully, like mid of February, yes. So this quarter 
itself, the commissioning will happen. 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 27 
 
 
And so far as Maratha is concerned, I mentioned earlier, it is expected somewhere like in Q1 to 
Q2. I would just keep a buffer of 1 quarter. So Q1 to -- let us say Q2. But -- so Bhatapara and 
Penna-Marwar, Bhatapara is commissioned, Penna-Marwar in February, then Maratha 
somewhere like in Q2 kind of scenario. 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure. Understood. And beyond these then, which are the other clinker units that you plan to take 
up in order to reach that 155 million ton of grinding? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Again, good question, Amit. Thank. See, primarily for me, the engines of growth in terms of 
clinkering, Bhatapara remains my engine of growth so far as East is concerned. Sanghi is my 
engine of growth so far as West is concerned. And in terms of South, we have Wadi and 
Chittapur basically. 
 
But primarily, Sanghi is where we will grow. Mundra, we are already expanding in terms of the 
calcium sludge-based cement basically. You are aware of that. And Bhatapara, which I 
mentioned. 
 
So -- and another important thing is for North, Marwar. Marwar remains my major, for example, 
mother unit in terms of the expansion. So the clinkering lines will be more primarily as a 
brownfield expansion. And therefore, the benefits of brownfield capex and therefore, the 
economies of scale and all will come. That's how, for example, our whole blueprint will emerge 
and all the GUs are therefore -- and BCTs and all. 
 
Good thing is railways have also come out with the bulk movement discount policies, our tie-up 
with CONCOR. So in fact, my capex actually will be a tad lower because now instead of GU, 
you can also very well plan BCT and the advantage of fly ash which the group has. So this will 
get -- the model is getting now reemerging because of these various dynamics, which are positive 
for the industry. Yes, but as I said, Bhatapara, then Marwar, then Sanghi are our mother units 
for these 3 locations. And in South, I have Chittapur and Wadi, which are like primarily our 
growth engines in South. 
Amit Murarka: 
That's very helpful. And also on grinding, when will you be coming out with more details from 
that 24 million tons, which you have mentioned for '27 and '28? 
Vinod Bahety: 
I will go back to what I think Rahul had asked this question or Siddharth would have asked this 
question, Amit. I think give me time that with every passing quarter, I'm going to keep you 
posted. Because as I said, the industry is in a very interesting, very supportive of policies by 
government. And therefore, instead of saying you that grinding units, I will rather put a blend of 
BCTs and grindings and container movement and so on and so forth. Therefore -- the models 
are reemerging. And therefore, I will keep updating you all in terms of the footprints with every 
passing quarter. 
Amit Murarka: 
Just a last question, if I may. So you were earlier also contemplating giving out the operations 
on a contracting basis. So has there been any progress on that attempt that you're making? 
Vinod Bahety: 
I must appreciate, Amit, you have been keeping so close track. Of course, yes, whatever we are 
discussing with you on every investor call, we are moving our journey on that. So in terms of 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 27 
 
the outsourcing also, I must compliment my team and the efforts which has been coming out 
that we are in a good momentum on that, and you will hear positive things on that part as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raashi from Citibank. 
Raashi: 
My first question is on cost. Sorry to -- and you had several questions on costs. But just to 
understand this, you mentioned that in the second quarter, the costs were INR4,250 and that's 
gone to about INR4,500. And as of the close of the quarter, you are at INR4,000. Are these 
numbers correct? 
Vinod Bahety: 
That is true, Raashi. 
Raashi: 
Okay. So then -- and you also mentioned that the one-off expenses in the quarter were about 
INR150 or so. So from INR4,500, if I remove INR150, I come to INR4,350. But that INR350 is 
such a fast decline. Like how did that quick decline come from like the quarter to current? 
Vinod Bahety: 
No. So Raashi, I gave you some quick headlines when it was asked, like what are the items 
which are like one-off and I explained. But I explained in terms of broadly the branding, the 
O&M, the logistics costs, for example, which came in and some of the legal costs, which 
additionally came in and also. 
 
In terms of this delta, INR250, which was there as compared to September quarter, ballpark 
INR250 resides in some of these items. But primarily, the first 2 months have seen it's more on 
the maintenance and all. December was lean and clean, and therefore, December is almost like 
below INR4,000. And as I progress in January also, it is actually below INR4,000. Therefore, 
my confidence to circle back to you on March exit at below INR4,000 is very high. 
 
I can share further to you details more if you require, but this is like ballpark what I have been 
explaining right from my initial commentary to now. And as I said, with every passing month, 
the benefits of green power, the benefits -- and all of that, I won't repeat, are actually coming in. 
So therefore, like some of these items get stayed off also, yes. So these are like ballpark, my 
answers to that. 
Raashi: 
Okay. And on pricing, you mentioned that in the South, non-trade prices are up INR15 to INR20 
a bag; in the North, INR5 to INR10 a bag. Are there any incremental trade as well or it's just 
only in the non-trade segment? 
Vinod Bahety: 
So there is an improvement on trade also, but the level of speed of growth is more on non-trade 
as compared to trade because the downfall also was much accelerated for non-trade and 
therefore, the corrective action happened. But of course, yes, even in the trade segment, it has 
improved, yes. 
 
And good thing is now, again, for South also, for example, our focus on the blended cement, and 
I'm happy to share that the -- some of the first kind of initiatives in terms of Penna assets where 
the blended cements are now moving out from the factories, just like 2 days back, that started. 
I'm also happy to share with you that in Bombay, the blended cement in form of premium 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 27 
 
cement. Otherwise, Bombay is more of an OPC market. But Bombay also, for example, we have 
launched our premium cement and it has got a huge response for the tube. 
 
So -- yes, so I think coming back to South has seen trade also improvement and South will see 
more of our blended share of cement improvement in an accelerated manner. 
Raashi: 
Would you be able to quantify on average where your realizations today are versus the last 
quarter? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Raashi, that would be too much of details, but basically -- but I can ballpark tell you that, yes, 
things are improving, I think, all clusters, all zones. And good thing is like the brand equity is 
now pulling a good level of demand from the customers and the Adani added advantage of brand 
actually is bringing lots of positive euphoria in the supply chain partners. So you will find the 
benefits coming in every passing quarter in terms of market realizations. 
Raashi: 
Got it. And just one last question for me. Your balance sheet is suggesting there's a slight decline 
in the cash quarter-on-quarter. Could you explain that, please? 
Vinod Bahety: 
No, Raashi, when you operate -- when you are looking at commissioning 8 million tons of 
cement, obviously, it will have a capex outgo. All your clinkering of 8 million tons, which will 
be coming right now from Penna to Bhatapara, for example, to the commissioning of Maratha, 
all of this is a plant scheduled capex. 
And therefore primarily -- but if you look at -- obviously, you know that from March to June 
and from June to September, there has been this acquisition of Orient and all. So Orient, if you 
keep it aside, which was almost like outgo of INR6,000-odd crores. But if you keep that aside, 
huge capex, which is there in terms of the capacities which are getting added and the volumes 
growth will come in coming quarters. 
Raashi: 
Understood. So capex in 9 months is how much total, growth and efficiency? 
Vinod Bahety: 
So in terms of capex for the 9 months, it is ballpark around INR6,000-odd crores. And I would 
put the run rate -- therefore, I've given it initially that almost INR10,000 crores is what we are 
expecting between growth and efficiency. And for the next 3 months also, for example, another 
INR3,000-odd crores. So this will be ballpark INR9,000-odd crores for this year and the same 
plus/minus, say 10% run rate, we will follow passing quarter -- passing years also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jyoti Gupta from Nirmal Equity. 
Jyoti Gupta: 
My question is on your Slide #10, where you have said that the cost reduction would be 
INR4,000 per metric ton March '26 exit. 9 months, we are averaging around INR4,000 -- roughly 
INR4,300. So do you -- can I assume that last year fourth quarter, I did INR900-odd EBITDA 
per ton. And with the improved conditions in the first 2 months of this quarter, can I see that 
improvement reflecting in the EBITDA per ton, so maybe INR900 plus INR300 or maybe 
anywhere close to it could be the EBITDA per ton for fourth quarter? And can we end the full 
year with something like INR1,000 plus EBITDA per ton? 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 27 
 
Vinod Bahety: 
So Jyoti, I can give you commentary on cost. So far as EBITDA has 2 elements. Therefore, like 
-- of course, I've hinted that and informed basically that January price momentum is very 
positive. And therefore, you will see that upside in terms of price also. And of course, on the 
cost, which I mentioned that exit of March, it will be below INR4,000. 
 
So you will -- definitely, you can expect improvement overall. But what would be, 4 digits or 3 
digits, I would not give a forward-looking EBITDA number. 
Jyoti Gupta: 
But are we sure we'll be around INR4,000? Will we average INR4,000 full year? 
Vinod Bahety: 
I'm giving exit of March, Jyoti. 
Jyoti Gupta: 
Yes. So that's a full year, if quarter 4 is also INR4000 then too… 
Vinod Bahety: 
For the month of... 
Jyoti Gupta: 
That is number of March '26, so in March '26 if we are going to be INR4000 and you're already 
9-month average of roughly around INR4,300, so that INR300 per ton improvement should 
reflect in the fourth quarter alone, which means overall – there should something seen, sir? 
Vinod Bahety: 
No, no. It will be definitely, but just like put the numbers properly. When I say March exit, in 
this case, I'm meaning of March month exit, yes. So therefore, you do your math on that basis. 
And in terms of price and EBITDA, the cost, definitely, the performance improvement will come 
on EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Jashandeep Singh Chadha from Nomura. 
Jashandeep Singh Chadha: Sir, my first question is regarding the acquired assets. It feels like for a year or so, these acquired 
assets have been a drag on the performance of Ambuja consol. In your presentation also, you 
mentioned that from the organic assets, you delivered INR1,045 per ton EBITDA. I just wanted 
to understand from the management point of view, from the strategy point of view, by FY '27 
end, what are the utilizations that you are targeting from these assets? What is the internal 
EBITDA per ton target? 
 
And what will be the key levers in generating those numbers? I just wanted to get a sense of how 
you are planning to ramp up the acquired assets? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Jashandeep, now that we have acquired and we have integrated, so therefore, I would say that 
it's now under Adani Cement. All these assets, including my existing assets, the target is to hit 
80% utilization. And the target is to hit EBITDA, which is almost closer to INR1,250 to 
INR1,300 a ton and then gradually move towards INR1,500 per ton. 
 
So the acquired assets are doing very well. I told you Sanghi, which is now a good turnaround, 
and we are hitting almost 80% on clinker for December month. And I told you 65% on cement 
and which will move up further. Some debottlenecking, which I have to do it in Sanghi so that I 
get almost as of now, say, 25% of the clinker, which is like 20,000 tons per day, I have to do a 
small capex part, which is already in the process. So by June or July, I should have 2,500 tons 
utilization. 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 27 
 
 
As of now, I'm handicapped to 17,500 tons per day kind of utilization. So that will happen, yes. 
So when you acquire assets like this and most of the assets which are financially challenged 
when they were acquired and when the erstwhile company promoters could not do overhauling 
and all, it takes time because these are like strategically important assets. 
You get 1,000 million tons, you have a huge play. You have a mother plant now, which will set 
up more clinkering units over there. Therefore, I would give enough opportunity for the asset. 
And by the way, I'm planning for a site visit also for all of you in the month of February. Team 
will come back to you shortly on this so that seeing is believing and therefore, like you will get 
a larger comfort of the turnaround of Sanghi. That was on the acquired assets. 
 
So like for me now, acquired and existing, it gets all as an Adani Cement platform, One Cement 
Platform. And now I would be confidently discussing with you in terms of the capacity in line 
with the Adani norms and Adani standards for all of these assets. 
Jashandeep Singh Chadha: Understood, sir. Sir, my next question is more from a strategy point of view, from an industry 
point of view. Adani Cement is one of the largest player we have. Just wanted to understand 
your view on consolidation. 
Do you think -- I mean, you have already told us that organic capacity expansion, you will be 
discussing in a later call. But do you think that, is the consolidation phase over? Or there is more 
scope? I mean, just a structural view, if you can give us how are you looking at the industry right 
now? 
Vinod Bahety: 
No, consolidation phase, of course, like till 1 to 1.5 years back has seen a good run-up on that 
and now taken a pause because the companies which have deeper pockets when they have 
acquired and therefore, they are just taking a pause to basically ramp up the existing assets, and 
that trend will continue. And therefore, the focus on ramping up the acquired assets and then 
capacity utilization of the assets remains a focus area. 
 
But as things turn around, obviously, then companies become more bullish. And this is like a 
cycle which will continue. So it takes a pause. It again comes back to the circle and there are 
companies which will be available for consolidation right from small size to midsized 
companies. But the pace will be not that what we have seen 1.5 years back. The pace will be a 
little lesser. The size and scale will be relatively lesser. 
 
And -- but I would say that, yes, there will still be opportunities. And I'm sure those 
opportunities, I've been always saying that we are always open to at the right price and right 
value. So therefore, no one, for example -- because I have a very strong balance sheet, 
INR70,000 crores of net worth and 0 debt as of now. So therefore, opportunities will come. At 
a right price, we will be very open to that. 
 
But the current deeper focus is right now on the ramp-up of the existing facilities and the organic 
growth, which is already -- we have put a blueprint to work on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 27 
 
Prateek Kumar: 
Please allow a couple of questions. Can you tell how the EBITDA per ton would look in different 
regions in 3Q or particularly maybe which region underperformed versus your INR715 per ton 
blended average due to specific plant performances? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Well, generally, it's like you all know the answer. It's like South will generally be modest 
compared to the other markets. West, for example, is generally better. And in this case, markets 
like Bombay are always far, far better. In terms of East was also subdued, although it picked up 
in the last month of the December. Center has been completely subdued. So the pricing was very 
-- the aggression of competition was very high in center. 
 
North, you will generally find -- so North and West clusters are generally mitigated from this 
kind of, say, immense pressure on competition, but Center and East and South remains 
vulnerable and -- South generally is vulnerable and East and Center can surprise on either side. 
That's how it spans out. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Sure. One other question, and this was asked earlier. So you had like INR4,500 per ton average 
for this quarter, exit at INR4,000. Simplistically for modeling purpose, next quarter, you will 
have like a swing of INR500 per ton on cost and likely will flow completely to EBITDA per ton. 
So you can like report INR1,200 plus pricing increase. Is that the expectation for next quarter? 
Vinod Bahety: 
I would be very happy to give you some forward-looking statements on this, Prateek, but I would 
resist on that because I can give you with comfort that what I can target on cost. But on the 
EBITDA, I think this question came with Raashi also -- Raashi or with Jyoti, I think. So I would 
resist on any commentary on the EBITDA. But you can do your math and I think you are smart 
enough. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Jain from Macquarie Capital India. 
Ashish Jain: 
Sir, my first question is on power consumption, like the point you made earlier that power 
consumption can come down by 10 units. And one of the drivers you listed was commissioning 
of the new clinker plants. But like our understanding under the erstwhile management was that 
one of the reasons power consumption here was the limestone and the aging of the plant. So are 
you saying that the 11 million tons will really help you to bring down portfolio level 
consumption by 10 units? Or are you also working on efficiencies of the existing clinker plants 
as well? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Both, Ashish. I mentioned to you in terms of the stability, reliability and therefore, the utilization 
factor of the existing plant, and that will be a key for every kind of KPIs. And on top of it, the 
blend of the new assets. So it will be a benefit of both coming together. On an overall basis, the 
reduction of 10 units. 
Ashish Jain: 
And this is high visibility, do you think based upon whatever technical assessment you may have 
done? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Yes, yes. I think I'm already seeing that visibility. As I said, with capacity utilization improving 
for the acquired assets. With the efficiency, capex is done for the existing assets. And you're 
right, some of the assets which are old from ACC and all. 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 27 
 
 
And therefore, when you debottleneck, you will actually be able to get a higher volume of 
cement from the same assets and straight away your efficiency improves. So there's a high degree 
of visibility on that. And that's how, I think we have done our math on that and then come up 
with this weighted average reduction of minimum 10 units. 
Ashish Jain: 
Right, right. Sir, secondly -- again, I understand that JP assets are with AEL and you don't want 
to comment on it. But in case, let's say, those assets come to us, then will it be like incremental 
above 155 million ton or you will have flexibility in the existing potential pipeline and you will 
still stick to 155 million ton by FY '28? 
Vinod Bahety: 
No, I think my larger point is 155 million ton has an element of both organic and inorganic. So 
that continues. Although I'm not commenting anything on AEL transaction, but whether it is JP 
or whether it is XYZ, 155 million ton will subsume as an overall both organic and inorganic. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pinakin from HSBC. 
Pinakin: 
I have 2 questions. My first question is, again, going back to the costs, which were very 
disappointing this quarter. So over the last 2 years, the costs have been volatile. And going 
forward, while you maintain the guidance of cost coming down, there will also be a lot many 
new capacities which will ramp up, which will have lower utilizations to start with. So shouldn't 
that cost also be a drag? 
 
So I'm just trying to understand the cost picture. Will the overall cost for the company come 
down? Or will the new plants cost be higher in the ramp-up phase and the existing plants costs 
will come down? 
Vinod Bahety: 
No, good -- I think good, Pinakin. First, your question is in terms of volatility, I think I wanted 
to address that part when I said that the accounting of this O&M cost, which should actually 
ideally get amortized logically over, say, 12 months, so that volatility comes down, point number 
1. Point number 2, the new capacity, right, ramp-up. So in terms of GU, the ramp-up happens 
very fast. Unlike in clinkering, the ramp-up happens in a phased manner. 
 
The ramp-up doesn't really increase the cost because they already are sitting at efficiencies. So 
ramp-up will not increase, but it incrementally will improve the cost. And any cost which is 
required at the time of commissioning, anyways that gets capitalized. So these 3 answers, for 
example, will help you to -- so volatility answer is right. In cement, if you do it on an actual 
basis, it becomes volatile. 
 
And therefore, like I will take those corrective steps in terms of -- equalizing in terms of the 
quarter so that it is not on an actual basis, but it is properly amortized. Number two, in terms of 
capacity I mentioned to you. And therefore, the new capacities don't tend to increase the costs. 
Pinakin: 
Sure. My second question is on the capacity number, 155 million tons. So the pipeline of 24 
million tons, which includes both organic and inorganic. While there will be an inorganic 
element, which you cannot detail right now, but given that you have given a target for capacity 
as of 2 years down the line, when can we expect the organic capacity road map to be detailed 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 27 
 
out? Because I'm just trying to wonder where the capacities are not detailed, then how confident 
we are of that March '28 number? 
Vinod Bahety: 
No, I told. I think in terms of the end target for FY '27, we are at around 135 million tons, and 
then it moves to 155 million tons, right? So I think end target for the year is there. Now in terms 
of the question was specific GUs and all, that I said that we will come back with every quarter 
so that whether it is GU, whether it is bulk cement terminal, whether it is container terminal, I 
think lots of options have now come out. 
 
And we have the synergies and advantage of the power plants and of course, on arms and all, 
but we have the advantages wherever, for example, we can very easily now put up some of the 
BCTs and all. So this whole model requires a detailed review to bring more efficiency on the 
capex and still get the benefit of the capacity. I think that is what we are going to come back and 
circle back to you. But the larger numbers very much remain intact. 
 
Second, as I said, that focus will be to sweat the existing assets much better, smarter and efficient. 
And therefore, at any stage, when we are able to meet the same demand and market share with 
sweating of the existing assets, I think 5%, 10% here and there cannot be basically ruled out 
because that is where, for example, the whole opportunity will be to bring more efficiency in the 
existing assets. 
So 155 million tons, 135 million tons, 115 million tons, these are like 3 ladders to the next, say, 
3 fiscal years and plus/minus 5%, 10% when you are able to achieve your capacity utilization, 
that's all like part of the whole strategy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Jain from Macquarie Capital India. 
Vinod Bahety: 
Iqra, already we are at 6:20. So I would say like maybe last 1 or 2 questions. Yes, Ashish. 
Ashish Jain: 
Sir, I just had one bookkeeping question. Sir, earlier on the call, did we comment that INR315 
crores of coal sales is booked differently this time, which is both in revenues and cost, which 
was earlier being netted off in the power cost? And is that the reason why our realizations are 
flat sequentially and the cost is also significantly higher? Is that one of the reasons? Or help me... 
Vinod Bahety: 
So Rohit will answer you on this. Rohit? 
Rohit Soni: 
No, no. So that's not the reason. It's just a gross up and gross down from accounting perspective. 
So all the numbers, what we report, they don't consider that. We report it from the management 
this thing. That is just a gross up, gross down. Nothing to do with any of the numbers what we 
report. 
Vinod Bahety: 
But affirmation that prices -- affirmation that NSP is not influenced on that. 
Rohit Soni: 
No. 
Vinod Bahety: 
Affirmation number two, that EBITDA is not influenced on that. These are 2 points. Now Rohit, 
if you want to still clarify. 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 27 
 
Ashish Jain: 
Sorry, if I can. But is that accounting change effective this quarter on coal booking, if you can 
just clarify that? 
Rohit Soni: 
Yes, it is there in last quarter also. The value was less. Might be in this quarter, it's a value bit 
larger. That's the only thing. It has been there in the past also. 
Ashish Jain: 
Sir, can you give the value for the previous quarter, please, if possible? 
Rohit Soni: 
I have for the current quarter. For the past quarter, I'll pull it up, and I'll ask Deepak to share it 
with you. 
Vinod Bahety: 
How much is the current quarter? 
Rohit Soni: 
INR315 crores. 
Vinod Bahety: 
INR315 crores. So for the current quarter, it's INR315 crores. And previous quarter, while you 
-- while the next question comes, if you are able to dig out, then we will tell you. Otherwise, 
Deepak can separately inform you. 
Rohit Soni: 
Yes. And I'll again clarify, Ashish, this is only at ACC level. Otherwise, at consol level, 
everything is eliminated because all these things are within the One Cement Platform, what Mr. 
Bahety ji was trying to explain. At consol level, 0, 0, 0. 
Vinod Bahety: 
So again, I think this is coming -- there is a question again. My point is, Rohit, and we can just 
confirm it again. Two things. EBITDA is not influenced. Price is not influenced, right? 
 
And it's purely, purely accounting and it nullifies -- absolutely nullify at the consol level. So 
friends, this is like very, very clear so that -- and then any specific further details, circle back 
with Deepak. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Congrats on very detailed presentation and the discussion. Sir, my few questions. You have 
talked about the 3 clinker units, which will get commissioned over next 3 to 4 months. For FY 
'27, are there specific targets beyond these 3 clinker, which would get commissioned? And also, 
could you share demand outlook for Q4 overall, how is the industry growing? 
 
And my third question, what we have seen, and I remember a few quarters back, you had alluded 
to this that there's a lot of value unlocking you're doing in ACC Ambuja, which is below the 
EBITDA, the tax refunds which you're securing or getting it cleared for prior periods. So some 
discussions around that, please? 
Vinod Bahety: 
So your first question is in terms of the new kilns beyond -- so there are 4 of them right now in 
the discussions. One is -- so of course your 3-one, which you said and the fourth one, which I 
mentioned was the Mundra, right? So this together, for example, right now, 16 million tons 
because each one of them is say, 4 million tons. So 4 million tons x 4 million tons, 16 million 
tons x ballpark 1.5 million tons. So you have 24 million tons GU. 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 27 
 
 
Right now, I'm sitting at, say, 109 million tons. So 109 million tons plus 24 million tons, we are 
at, say, 133 million tons, 135 million tons, which I mentioned. So this is how, for example, this 
-- so basically, these 4 kilns are very much there in terms of process. And then I mentioned that 
Bhatapara, Sanghi and Marwar-Mundra are our centers of growth from clinkering perspective. 
And sooner that you will find our additional announcements and narratives coming on the capex 
program for the -- by the way, Assam also, we have signed up -- we have entered into agreement 
with the government in terms of setting up another 1 line of 4 million tons in Assam, which is 
the fifth one, by the way. So which is like brings to you 20 million tons of clinker, yes. 
 
So Assam, Mundra are -- let us say, Mundra is still a brownfield because we have a great 
ecosystem there. Assam is greenfield and Maratha is brownfield and Penna anyways is in a fairly 
advanced stage, which will be up and running in February. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Great. Great. And on the demand outlook and value unlocking through tax refund for prior 
period? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Tax refunds of the prior period, I think we have done a major efforts on that and unlocked the 
working capital. I think we have also -- if I give you a ballpark, we have resolved a substantial 
of the legal cases also. So we are strengthening our balance sheet from that perspective. I hope 
you're not asking me about the past year refunds and all. I'm more like forward-looking, which 
you are -- I think your question is more about the forward-looking? 
Rajesh Ravi: 
No, no. The tax refunds which you have secured for both ACC and Ambuja in the past few 
quarters, quite sizable relating to prior periods. So are there more which is available to be 
realized on that... 
Vinod Bahety: 
So in the future, not that this magnitude. I think there will be, but this magnitude may not come, 
I think. But a few points on the GST and a few points on some of the specific taxes and all from 
a couple of states. And then some incentives which has to come in form of long pending. So I 
think those are the ones which will be adding up to the overall cash flows. But on the income 
tax, I think we have sizably resolved majority of the cases. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. And on the demand, sir, Q4, what is the industry outlook you're looking at Q4, how is 
January? And what is the outlook for next 2 months in your assessment? 
Vinod Bahety: 
I remain bullish on demand for the cement industry. And industry as a whole, I would say that 
Q4 should also see around 8 kind of percentage. And therefore, the leading players will find 
double-digit growth again in the quarter of March. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Great. Great, sir. Just last question on the capacity, which you mentioned, Assam, when do you 
target this line to be operational? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Which line? 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Assam capacity, which you are planning, you mentioned that you will be setting up a greenfield 
in Assam... 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 27 
 
Vinod Bahety: 
Yes. I would say that since Assam is Assam and therefore, like it could take around, I would 
say, ballpark, say, 24-odd months -- 18 to 24 months is what, for example, we should be looking 
at. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. So somewhere closer to FY '28 exit, we would be looking at this? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Yes, yes. I think the work on the ground has already started. Land has been secured. And the 
incentive program and all, for example, is well -- moving very well. So Assam will see a good 
level of work at the site. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Sir, you talked about 2 capacities getting mothballed, 2 million ton odd. Could you elaborate if 
it is already done and at which location? 
Vinod Bahety: 
These are like very old assets. One of them is in, say, Sindri and second is basically at Jamul. So 
on Slide #38 of the IR deck -- see, again, I'm sure like you would appreciate, our IR decks are 
very transparent and very full of information. So on 38 page number, you will see the 
mothballing of these 2 capacities, Jamul and Sindri very old mills. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
So these are already done, right, in the current capacities? 
Vinod Bahety: 
They have already -- they are nonoperational practically. And therefore, like I'm not -- therefore, 
I'm removing them from my operative capacity. I can still use it on an opportunistic basis. But 
as of now, they are economically unviable. Therefore, I've kept them nonoperative. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the last question from Kunal Shah from DAM Capital. 
Kunal Shah: 
Firstly, on Sanghi, now it continues to operate around 50% odd, sub-50% on an average level in 
terms of grinding. Now this is despite this asset being acquired for more than 2 years, remains 
and this -- the ramp-up remains much lower versus our initial guidance. And the geography is 
Gujarat where we already have a very strong presence. So what is going wrong here structurally? 
Or what was the negative surprise here that we realized post the acquisition, if any? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Good observation again. Nothing per se wrong. I think we have to understand the topography of 
Sanghi. It's like a classic island plant. And you have seen some of the harsh seasons. 
 
So last year, for example, you have seen flooding and all and huge storms. Some of the plants 
were affected and Sanghi was also -- some equipments were damaged. 
 
Second is in terms of some improvements, for example, the transmission line was a little low-
voltage transmission line and which is -- if you would just track it, therefore, already now the 
transmission line from government is getting revamped and strengthened to take a higher load 
factor, which will straight away help me to bring at least 20, 25 megawatts of green power in 
Sanghi. Therefore, it will benefit me in a sustained power and at a reduced cost. 
 
Sometimes otherwise, when this kind of storms and winds and bad seasons, the power tripping 
happens very often. So nothing wrong with the asset per se, except some of the debottlenecking 
and investment which you had to do, including some dredging activity, which had to be done, 
which has been done now. So now, I think with 80% in December exit -- when I say December 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 27 
 
exit is December month, 80% of clinker capacity being used and almost 65% for cement. I think 
from here, things are now only improving. 
 
Earlier, you would see that the colony was also, the plant life was very badly managed. But it 
takes time for us to also revamp the whole quality of life over there, the infrastructure, the 
facilities. And therefore, I'm very eager to take you all now to Sanghi. And therefore, like the 
right contractors, the right talent will also now move in. Earlier it becomes a very mufasil area. 
 
So those were the issues. But we know that when you acquire an asset of this scale and which 
gives you sizable potential and which has 1,000 million tons opportunity so that you can set up 
multiple lines, I think it's a game of doing it -- setting it right gradually so that it performs overall 
in due course. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. This is helpful. And one last one. If we look at the current status, we have 
underutilized acquired assets, a capacity expansion target of maybe 15% to 20% over the next 2 
years, this in the backdrop of industry demand at roughly 8% odd, right? So how are we thinking 
on volume growth targets over the next 2 to 3 years? 
 
Or is there like any guidance that you can give on volume growth or capacity utilization or 
market share, that would be helpful. 
Vinod Bahety: 
See, volume will be growing double digit. While my base will keep increasing, but double digit 
is what we are expecting. But it is very important for me to highlight that we are balancing it 
between volume and value. And therefore, you will see more accelerated improvement on my 
realization, on my blended cement, on my premium cement. And therefore, even at the risk of 
losing some low EBITDA volume, which we will do, but we will play a balance game of volume 
and value. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. And one last bookkeeping. Can you just give Penna's utilization levels, both on 
clinker and grinding, if possible? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Penna ballpark is -- for the month of December is ballpark 52% to 55%. And as I mentioned, 
like this asset of Tandur of Penna was down, but now it is going to be up and running in the next 
week or 10 days. And therefore, like you will see a good level of utilization, sharp improvement 
in Penna assets. 
 
So some of the assets we have done a substantial overhauling. That also, for example, results 
into -- whenever I do an overhauling, it sharply improves my O&M cost and which gets booked 
when the actual cost is incurred. Penna is a classic case on that. So lots of this work has gone to 
bring these assets back to their desired asset reliability factor. And therefore, like -- and I 
mentioned to you that Penna asset now will start sending blended cement also, and therefore, it 
will help me to improve substantially the capacity utilization. 
 
The Krishnapatnam grinding unit of Penna, for example, which was there, which now say 2 
million tons becoming 4 million tons. And once I start substantially using this 4 million tons, 
because right now, the ramp-up of the additional 2 million tons has not happened. But the 
moment that happens is 55%, we'll see a sharp jump in terms of capacity utilization. 

 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 27 
 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood sir. This is very helpful. Thanks and all the best. And thank you for extending the 
call as well. 
Vinod Bahety: 
Thank you very much. We are almost at 1 hour 45 minutes. So I'm sure now Iqra will take a 
judicious call. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Deepak Balwani, Head, Investor Relations at Ambuja Cements 
Limited for closing comments. 
Deepak Balwani: 
Thank you. I trust most questions have been addressed. You have my contact number, please 
free to call me. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Antique Stockbroking, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability 
Ambuja Cements Ltd  
Registered office: Adani Corporate House Shantigram, S.G. Highway Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421 Gujarat, India  
Ph +91 79-2555 5555; www.ambujacement.com; CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
