 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of earning conference call for the quarter ended 31st December 2025 
 
Dear Sir,  
Pursuant to RegulaƟon 30 of the SecuriƟes and Exchange Board of India (LisƟng ObligaƟons and Disclosure 
Requirements) RegulaƟons, 2015 enclosing herewith transcript of earnings conference call held on Monday, 
16th February 2026 to discuss ﬁnancial results for the quarter ended 31st December 2025. 
 
The transcripts are also available on Company's website at:  
 
hƩps://www.ppapco.in/assets/pdf/quarterly_reports/PPAP_Q3FY26_Earnings_Call_Transcript.pdf  
   
This is for your informaƟon and record.  
  
Thanking you,   
Yours faithfully,   
For PPAP AutomoƟve Limited  
  
  
  
  
Pankhuri Agarwal  
Company Secretary & Compliance Oﬃcer  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
20th February, 2026  
  
The LisƟng Department  
The LisƟng Department  
BSE Limited  
The NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Exchange Plaza,  
Dalal Street,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai – 400001  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051  
Symbol: 532934 
Symbol: PPAP 
PANKHUR
I 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by PANKHURI AGARWAL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=9927, 
pseudonym=wjyp69bo1vn7x2dfthm8rkqic3z
045la, 
2.5.4.20=1604d297fe249f5c48b13a49ffd67cf
54200826ffaccb064656016608cc8c030, 
postalCode=201017, st=Uttar Pradesh, 
serialNumber=3c5cb42087c3255c3ff07a4e4f
c771f8f08c0796ee464df8b34d770d694aa473
, cn=PANKHURI AGARWAL 
Date: 2026.02.20 17:15:08 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“PPAP Automotive Limited 
Q3 and 9 Months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 16, 2026 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 16th February 2026 will prevail.” 
 
                                                                                                                             
 
             
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ABHISHEK JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
                                    MR. SACHIN JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 
STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS – INVESTOR 
RELATIONS ADVISORS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to PPAP Automotive Limited Earnings 
Conference Call for Q3 and 9 months FY '26. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance, 
and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain, Managing Director and CEO of PPAP 
Automotive Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you, and a very good afternoon to everyone. A very warm welcome to all the participants 
joining us on today's call. I am joined by Mr. Sachin Jain, our Chief Financial Officer; along 
with Strategic Growth Advisors, our IR Advisors. Our quarter 3 and 9-month financial year '26 
financial results, along with the investor presentations have been uploaded on the stock 
exchanges as well as on our website. We trust you have had the opportunity to review them. 
 
Let me begin today's call by briefly outlining a recent strategic transaction successfully 
completed by the company. As part of its strategic roadmap in 2012, PPAP entered into a 50-50 
joint venture with Tokai Kogyo Company Limited, Japan, to manufacture EPDM-based rubber 
components and TPV glass run channels for the automotive industry, primarily catering to 
Maruti Suzuki and Honda. 
 
Over the years, the JV established manufacturing operations in Greater Noida, Gujarat and 
Chennai, creating a pan-India production footprint. Between 2012 and date, PPAP invested an 
aggregate amount of INR48.5 crores in the joint venture to support capacity expansion and 
business development. Historically, however, the JV exerted a drag on PPAP's consolidated 
financial performance.  
Although operating metrics showed improvement in recent periods and the business turned 
marginally profitable, the returns remained materially below expectations and disproportionate 
to the capital deployed. This continued gap between invested capital and returns remain a key 
concern for the company as well as its stakeholders. 
 
Accordingly, after a comprehensive evaluation of the long-term strategic alignment with the JV 
partner and in light of PPAP's evolving growth priorities, the Board of Directors determined that 
exiting the partnership would be in the best long-term interest of the company and its 
stakeholders. After extensive negotiations and detailed discussions with the JV partner, an 
agreement was executed on 1st of January this year, outlining the terms and timelines for 
completion of the transaction. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
 
Pursuant to the agreement, all requisite formalities have been duly completed. The company has 
received the full consideration of INR100 crores for the sale of its shareholding. And 
accordingly, the shares held by PPAP have been transferred to the JV partner. Further, the 
nominee directors of PPAP on the Board of the JV company have tendered their resignations 
with effect from 13th February 2026 and shall have no liabilities or obligations in respect of the 
JV company thereafter. 
 
The proceeds from the stake sale will be judicially utilized to reduce the company's net debt and 
to fund strategic capital expenditure initiatives. The disciplined allocation of capital is expected 
to strengthen the balance sheet, enhance financial flexibility and further improve the overall 
financial health of the company.  
The exit significantly enhances PPAP's strategic flexibility and sharpens its ability to pursue 
independent growth initiatives. The company is now better positioned to accelerate expansion 
and diversify into a broader product portfolio, serving a wider customer base across multiple 
segments and importantly, across multiple geographies. 
 
With strong competitive capabilities, established technical expertise and robust infrastructure 
already in place, PPAP is well equipped to capitalize on emerging opportunities. This strategic 
move effectively removes constraints and unlocks a wide range of new growth avenues for the 
company. The company's Chennai plant is already under expansion and will be ready by April 
of this year. This facility will further offer better technological as well as competitive local 
solutions to its customers. 
 
Going forward, PPAP will remain firmly focused on strengthening its position as a preferred 
partner in the sealing solutions. The company aims to deepen its presence across the mobility 
sector while selectively expanding into high potential industry applications, thereby broadening 
its addressable market and reinforcing its long-term growth trajectory. 
 
Now coming to the quarterly review. The Indian automobile industry experienced a selective 
recovery during the third quarter, driven by festive demand and the release of pent-up demand 
following GST rate adjustments. However, growth remained uneven across OEMs and models.  
While certain high-volume models saw moderation, several new launches are still in the ramp-
up stage and have yet to achieve optimum volumes. Against this background, demand variability 
and the deferment of planned volumes for new models resulted in softer-than-anticipated 
performance in the company's automotive segment during the quarter. 
 
Encouragingly, in the quarter currently underway, we are witnessing a gradual ramp-up in 
volumes, which is translating into improved sales momentum. The model-specific performance 
variations at OEMs had temporarily impacted our top line despite overall industrial stability, but 
this trend is now showing signs of normalization in the ongoing quarter.  
Our aftermarket business continues to demonstrate strong structural growth. During the quarter 
under review, our aftermarket business, which is operated under a wholly owned subsidiary 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
called Elpis Automotive delivered over 30% year-on-year growth, which was primarily driven 
by the expansion in the distribution network, increase in the product portfolio offered to all the 
distributors and strong brand visibility. 
 
This business is steadily improving its contribution and margins and is emerging as a meaningful 
growth engine, derisking the group from customer-centric risks. The commercial tool room 
business continues to operate at healthy utilization levels. The order pipeline remains robust 
across automotive and non- automotive applications. We will be further strengthening financial 
prudence as well as governance of this business from quarter 4 onwards as it will start operating 
under a wholly owned subsidiary of the company called Meraki Precision Tools Limited. 
 
The Industrial Products division continues to make steady progress in expanding into non-
automotive applications by leveraging our core extrusion and injection molding capabilities. We 
are witnessing encouraging traction, particularly from export markets and expect this division 
to scale meaningfully over the coming quarters. Its growth will play a key role in diversifying 
our revenue streams and further derisking both our customer concentration and geographic 
exposure. 
 
Our lithium-ion battery pack business, which is done under a wholly owned subsidiary called 
Avinya Batteries Limited is also approaching a turnaround phase. In the final month of the 
quarter under review, we achieved the highest monthly sales in the history of this company. 
After several months of persistent effort and restructuring, the business is now gaining traction. 
We are confident that this momentum will sustain in the current quarter with expectations of 
achieving record sales levels and a significant reduction in operating losses contributed by this 
division. 
 
Against this backdrop, our consolidated revenue from operations for the quarter ended 31st 
December 2025 stood at INR138.9 crores broadly in line with the corresponding quarter of the 
previous year. For the 9 months ended December 2025, consolidated revenue amounted to 
INR392.47 crores as compared to INR406.78 crores in the previous year, reflecting a marginal 
decline of approximately 3.5%. 
 
At the consolidated level, the company reported a profit after tax of INR6.61 lakhs for quarter 3 
as against a loss in the immediately preceding quarter, indicating gradual operational 
stabilization and improving cost absorption. For the 9-month period, consolidated PAT stood at 
a loss of INR 225 lakhs, reflecting the impact of softer volumes during the earlier part quarter 1 
of the year and continued investments in growth initiatives. 
 
Quarter 4 performance so far has been encouraging and is in line with our expectations. We 
remain confident of achieving our stated revenue guidance with financial year '26 revenues 
projected at approximately INR575 crores with an estimated EBITDA of INR58 crores. At the 
PAT level, the company expects to close financial year '26 with INR8 crores of PAT. This 
estimate excludes the extraordinary gain arising from the sale of shares in the JV company, 
which will be accounted for separately. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
 
Additionally, the company is currently evaluating the potential implications, if any, of the 
implementation of the renewed labor codes. Accordingly, the present guidance does not factor 
in any potential impact arising from these regulatory changes. We remain firmly confident that 
the strategy initiated 5 years ago is delivering the intended results now and is now entering a 
phase where its full impact will become increasingly visible.  
The structural actions taken over the past few years are expected to significantly strengthen our 
operating performance, enhance financial resilience and meaningfully derisk the business over 
the long term. We are optimistic about sustained value creation for all our stakeholders and 
sincerely appreciate the trust, support and most importantly, the patience shown by everyone 
throughout this journey. That is all from my side.  
We will now open the floor for any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Raj Mehta from Wisdom Index Advisors. 
Raj Mehta: 
So sir, on our recent transaction of the sale of stake in our joint venture, can you please give us 
the color of the rationale behind the same? And also following the exit from the Tokai JV, does 
the company continue to source any technical tooling or process-related services from Tokai 
transition. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So as I explained to you in my opening address, basically, there was a misalignment on the long-
term strategy with the JV partner. So that was the first reason why we initiated the stock. And 
over the years, the amount of capital that we had invested in this company, INR48.5 crores, there 
was almost zero return coming on that capital. So these were the primary 2 reasons why this 
transaction was initiated. 
 
And for your technical sourcing, we don't -- PPAP is completely -- has been always completely 
independent. And we make our own product design, our own tools, we manufacture them, design 
them, everything, raw material sourcing, all those decisions are taken independently by PPAP. 
And that is not from today onwards, but for the past many, many years. So we are a fairly 
independent company, and we have the requisite technical capability to cater to all the customer 
requirements independently by ourselves. 
Raj Mehta: 
Okay, sir. And sir, given our plan to undertake the EPDM rubber business at the Chennai facility, 
so what is the estimated capex requirement for setting up this capability? And additionally, has 
this capex already been factored into the company's existing capex guidance? 
Abhishek Jain: 
See, the first phase of this capex is roughly around INR30 crores, which includes the building 
also. 
Raj Mehta: 
Okay? 
Abhishek Jain: 
So the building is already ready. I think by April, it should get the final touches done. We have 
already ordered the machinery for that plant, which will again get installed by April. And this 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
was all part of our capex plan for this year. We had already decided this in the beginning of the 
year, and we have started expanding into this category. For your information, this is the second 
line for EPDM rubber, which we are -- we'll be setting. We already have one infrastructure, 
which we had invested about 2 years back, already existing in the Greater Noida facility, which 
we are already using to cater to similar products for OEMs. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tushaar Talwar, an Individual Investor. 
Tushaar Talwar: 
I have a few questions, but I'll take them one by one. My first question, sir, is on the INR100 
crores that you've got for the sale of the JV shares. Can you please tell us exactly how we intend 
to apply these proceeds? Because we have a significant finance cost and a large part of it can be 
taken care of by these proceeds. So I just want to get a sense of the breakup between what we're 
going to use for debt repayment and what we are going to use for expansion and where? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Basically, our target is that the long-term loans that we have in the company, that will basically 
-- according to whatever the schedule is of repayment, those will get repaid over the next 2 to 3 
years that we are not going to repay early. Whatever part of working capital we are utilizing, a 
part of that, we will reduce, still continue to have some working capital being used.  
And we keep this money in safely with us for doing more of capital expenditure, which will be 
planned -- decided in this month of March this year. So it will all mostly be utilized for all those 
purposes. At a net level, you will see almost 30% reduction of the interest cost because of this 
transaction. 
Tushaar Talwar: 
All right, sir. That's very helpful. Sir, my second question was on our lithium-ion division. So I 
just wanted to get a little bit of color from you that what is our competitive advantage here 
because mostly all the batteries are being -- the technology or the imports is coming from China. 
So why have we been involved in this for so long when the competitive intensity is quite high? 
And why do we think that this is something that is going to succeed for us apart from our auto 
components business, which has been mature and has been growing for quite some time? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. I think that's a very interesting question that you've asked. We were also thinking quite 
negatively about 6 months back about this business. But in the last 6 months, first of all, this 
industry is now going through a cleanup phase. So a lot of unorganized players which had come 
up, those have already shut shop or those who had taken up commitments from the customers, 
they are not able to fulfill the required commitments, either on the delivery side or -- neither on 
the quality side. 
 
So our basic competitiveness to be -- to put it very, frankly, comes from the fact that we've been 
in the automotive business for the past 35 years. And we have a sense of how a stable, reliable, 
quality-focused product can be made. And the customers have seen that this company is already 
5 years old, and they've not run away from the industry. They're still honoring their commitment, 
and we have a very transparent way of working.  

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
So that's basically our attraction point for all the customers who are doing business with us that 
they trust us to remain in this business and basically deliver a reliable and quality-oriented 
product for them. 
 
Now from the business point of view, right now, we are doing energy storage solution products 
in this company. And in the past, we were dealing with some -- again, our customers were also 
very unorganized type of customers. But last year, when we started focusing on this ESS thing, 
that time we are now dealing with some marquee customers, like Philips and Luminex and a few 
more.  
So that gives us confidence that this business is now going to become successful. And we are 
seeing the offshoot -- in December, we saw whatever trials and testing we did in the entire year, 
they resulted in higher sales in December because the actual production started in December. 
 
Even in January and further this quarter, we are seeing confirmed orders, confirmed purchase 
orders from all these customers, which is giving us confidence that this business is now -- 
whatever worst could happen in this business, that is already over. And now whatever strategy 
we adopted last year, with focus, with finding good customers, having long-term relationships 
with them, that is now becoming fruitful. 
 
So ESS is going to become one of the major focus areas in this. And second, I don't know if you 
know or not that there is some regulation coming out that all these e-Rickshaws from April '27 
onwards have to get mandatory converted from the lead-acid battery to the lithium-ion battery. 
And the volume of this change is huge. So we have now customers coming to us requesting us 
to make those kind of battery packs for them. So our model is kind of unique.  
We are doing a very transparent kind of pricing and operations with them. So I think this ESS, 
coupled with this e-Rickshaw battery, which we are -- which we started making, this will result 
in a good business for this company. And we'll be able to eliminate most of the losses that are -
- that have been there on the balance sheet in the past so many quarters. 
Tushaar Talwar: 
Understood, sir. Can I take one more question or should I join the queue? 
Abhishek Jain: 
You can ask one more question, I think. 
Tushaar Talwar: 
So sir, it's less of a question and more of a feedback. So sir, I've been following the company for 
quite some time, and we keep trying different things like there was the Kogyo JV, there was also 
this battery division and then there is our core segments. I just wanted to understand, sir, what 
is your thinking on capital allocation? Because what happens is that all of these are promising 
segments at some point in time and then we face issues with them. 
 
What is your thought process on when do you as management think about pulling the plug on 
something which hasn't been working for a few years? Because what happens is that we -- it 
tends to bleed a little-little, small-small amounts of money, which tends to add up over time. So 
now that we have got like an INR100 crores payout from the JV, do we have any sense of how 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
we are going to deploy this in the future and whether we have a slightly different strategy from 
the past where we are seeding multiple businesses, but we possibly maybe, and don't take this 
the wrong way, are not thinking about exiting them at the right time. That was just my larger 
qualitative question here. 
Abhishek Jain: 
I think that's a very fair question to ask, Mr. Talwar, because the kind of financial performance, 
which we've experienced, I'm sure a lot of people are thinking about the same thing. But thank 
you for asking that question very honestly to us. And that has been a concern for us as well. I 
mean, let me put it very honestly to you. That was a concern when we start -- when we finished 
our quarter 2 Board meeting, even the whole Board of Directors were concerned about this 
question, this focus and prudent allocation of capital, whether we are being emotionally attached 
to the business or we are actually running the business as it should be done. 
 
So first thing to make it very clear to you is that we are not emotionally attached to any business. 
Business is business end of the day. We have to give it due time to get matured. And the moment 
it starts -- and then we have to take a feedback on, do we continue with it or do we not continue 
with it. I think with the JV, we took much more time to come to this realization that maybe it 
wasn't -- I mean, we could have exited the JV earlier than this year. But I think in hindsight, 
when time is right, only then everything is right. 
 
For the battery division also, we were thinking about what to do financially, this business was 
not doing well. But whatever developments now we are seeing from quarter 3 onwards, we have 
a different opinion, and we are monitoring the situation very closely. Whatever things we are 
seeing, I think those things are all positive, and we don't intend to take any decision -- adverse 
decision of selling the business or something right now. We are going to continue with it. 
 
Similarly, for the aftermarket, industrial product, Meraki, we are continuously checking the 
nerves of the business. So -- and if in case in future, we feel something is going wrong, then we 
can take a decision. But as of now, I am very confident personally that whatever we started the 
focus on all these 5 businesses; automotive, OEM business, enhancing good technologies there, 
aftermarket, industrial product applications, the commercial tool room and the battery business, 
I think this is the right direction for the company going forward.  
And this year, you will see all these businesses adding positively to the company. I'm quite 
confident of that. But we'll wait and see for now. In case any quarter or any year goes bad, we'll 
adjust the business accordingly. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Arora from Emkay Global Financial Services 
Limited. 
Varun Arora: 
Two questions. So the target, if you can give on revenue-wise and margin-wise for FY '27, first 
is this? Second, on the capex side, if you can tell us that in the 9 months of FY '26, how much is 
spent already? And what are your plans for FY '27? These are 2 questions, sir, then I'll get back 
in the queue. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. Varunji, for financial year '27, we are -- we are still processing all the required 
information. And in March, we have our Board meeting. So at that time, we will give all the 
details about the guidance very clearly to you. We'll be very open to it. On the capex side, in 9 
months, we have done capex of about INR37 crores. And the total capex for this year planned 
was INR55 crores. So in this 3 months, we'll be covering up that capex. For next year, also based 
on the -- in March, we will be able to declare a better situation to you. 
Varun Arora: 
Fair enough, sir. Sir, another question on the robust pipeline of this order book of INR752 crores. 
So basically, non-EVs INR38 crores and INR714 crores is non-EV -- sorry, EVs INR38 crores 
and non-EVs INR714 crores. So if you can break it down further this non-EV business, what's 
the business vertical you're getting from the order book? And how much time you'll be able to 
execute it, if I ask, sir? 
Abhishek Jain: 
So this is basically the order book for the automotive business. And the orders are from various 
customers like Maruti, Tata, Honda, MG, Hyundai and even from 2-wheeler customers. 
Varun Arora: 
But can you break it down? I mean, like 4-wheeler, how much that's order book and 2-wheeler? 
And one more thing now since you said 2-wheelers, are you planning to give some inclination 
towards the 2-wheeler so that maybe you can derisk the 4-wheeler situation.  
Right now, the 4-wheeler is doing good industry-wise. But what if the things are not working 
good, so you derisked by increasing in somewhere around for 2-wheelers, maybe for the CVs, 
may be for something else. So any plan on that, sir? And if you can break it down in like 4-
wheelers and 2-wheelers, the order book size, sir? 
Abhishek Jain: 
See, first of all, for the 2-wheeler business, we already have business with Suzuki Motorcycle. 
And in this quarter also, we are developing some parts for them. I don't have the exact number 
right now with me. But we are developing a lot of parts for them and which will come in mass 
production within this year. So that focus is there on 2-wheelers through Suzuki motorcycle. 
 
And if you're talking about all the other segments, we are now broadly -- the mandate given to 
the team is to focus on mobility rather than only automotive. We have certain business from 
tractors also and commercial vehicles for -- on the EV side, not on the non-EV side, but we are 
developing parts for them as well.  
So the automotive -- the OE business, which we talk about, I think focus there is to expand the 
customer base as well rather than only focusing on the passenger vehicle segment that we have 
been focusing on right until now. And sorry, what was your other question? One was the 2-
wheeler and the commercial vehicle? 
Varun Arora: 
No, no, only that how much they are contributing? I mean the order book size as the 2-wheeler, 
how much they are contributing towards your order book size as well as the CVs? 
Abhishek Jain: 
The 2-wheeler and the other segments, I think would contribute about 5% of the order book. 
Primarily 95% would be, again, for the passenger vehicle market. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Varun Arora: 
Okay. Sir, if I may squeeze one more question or shall I fall in the queue? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Please continue. You can ask. 
Varun Arora: 
Okay. Sir, lastly, in the aftermarket, so how much it is contributing towards your revenue in 
revenue terms, right, if you can give a percentage term? And what is the target? I mean... 
Abhishek Jain: 
Right now, contribution is 5%. But we -- our target is -- I mean, target -- there's no target to -- 
in terms of percentage contribution to the top line, it will contribute 10%. But like this year, we 
have grown almost by 30%. And next year also, we are expecting this business to grow by -- 
again by 30%. So our current -- like we started this year with an MRR of 1.5 crores per month, 
which last quarter, we increased to around INR 2.5 crores.  
In this quarter, our target is to make it up to INR 3 crores. And next year, eventually make it up 
to INR 5 crores MRR kind of situation. Again, see we are expanding the product portfolio, 
adding a lot of spare parts also, consumable parts also, accessories also. So these 3 areas we are 
focusing on for growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sania Desai from DS Securities. 
Sania Desai: 
I had a couple of questions. My first question was that have you seen any kind of impact on the 
EPDM rubber business due to absence of the Tokai's technical support? And also just to extend 
this question, I wanted to understand if we have had any kind of impact of the JV exit on our 
Japanese OEM business? 
Abhishek Jain: 
There is no impact as such on the EPDM business per se. Whatever business we were doing, I 
mean that company is doing the business separately. And whatever business we were doing, that 
is continued. We have our own technology. We have our own material recipes. Everything is 
available with us, and we are quite capable of doing that business ourselves. Your second 
question was the JV Japanese business, right? 
Sania Desai: 
Correct. The impact of JV exit. 
Abhishek Jain: 
I think we've already developed all the technology, everything by ourselves in -- over the last 
few years. And apart from some short-term loss of business, I don't see a long-term impact at all 
because of this JV not being there or because of this technical support not coming through. 
Sania Desai: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Sir, my second question was that if you could just help us understand what has 
led to our subdued performance in Q3? Because even though there has been strong revival in the 
automotive sector, our performance is subdued. Is it because of any model-specific demand 
softness? 
Abhishek Jain: 
It is primarily because of demand softness from a particular OEM or for a particular model. 
What we have analyzed, like there are certain models in Maruti, which were supposed to have 
higher production numbers, but because of the market, they have reduced. And because of that, 
our numbers are down because our exposure to those models were higher. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
 
Similar trend we are seeing in Tata Motors also, especially for one model called which is Curvv 
,we have a very high number of parts for that model. And unfortunately, the sales of that model 
is not coming through. 
 
Third major impact what we are having is from the Honda. Honda, I'm sure you must be aware 
that all the models are not performing as per the original expectations. And all these things put 
together, Maruti, Tata, Honda and even some sort of Hyundai, this is what is dragging us down. 
We were not present in Mahindra models, which have done extremely well in the industry.  
But in future, we've already got inroads in Mahindra. And in future, whatever models which will 
come through, we will be the preferred suppliers for those models as well. So it is primarily 
because of the model-wise problems, that's all. 
Sania Desai: 
Okay. And so sir, then the parts and sealing systems for the newer models that are currently 
seeing higher demand. So do we have capabilities to cater the same? 
Abhishek Jain: 
We already had installed capacity to achieve those volumes in quarter 3. That is why if you see 
our capacity utilization is low because that capacity is already there in the system. Our manpower 
cost is also a little bit high, which is impacting the EBITDA only because we had to create our 
manpower to cater to those higher numbers.  
Unfortunately, the customers did not offtake those parts. But that was already the quarter 3 story. 
In quarter 4, since January, we are already seeing all these models achieve their expected forecast 
of volumes. And therefore, our utilization of capacity is going up and the utilization of whatever 
human resources extra we had created, those are getting utilized. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Abhishek Jain for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. Thank you very much, everyone, for joining us today and for your continued engagement. 
We hope we have been able to address your queries comprehensively. Should you require any 
further information or clarification, please feel free to reach out to us directly or connect with 
our Investor Relations Advisors, Strategic Growth Advisors. We appreciate your continued 
interest and support. Thank you very much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of PPAP Automotive Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
