February 17, 2026 
To, 
   To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
BSE Symbol: INDOFARM 
BSE Scrip Code: 544328 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, “G” Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: INDOFARM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor/Analyst Earnings Call held on Thursday, 12th February 2026. 
This is in continuation to our letter dated 12th February 2026, wherein we had informed regarding 
the audio link of the earnings call with analysts/investors for the quarter and nine months ended 
31st December, 2025. In this regard, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said call.  
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
https://www.indofarm.in/corporate-governance/ . 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Indo Farm Equipment Limited 
Navpreet Kaur 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. 8353 
Encl: As Above  
Navpree
t Kaur
Digitally signed 
by Navpreet Kaur 
Date: 2026.02.17 
15:58:42 +05'30'


          Date: 12th February, 2026    
   Time: 4:00 PM (IST) 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Thank you to everyone, and a very good evening. I hereby 
welcome everyone to this earning conference call for discussing the results of the quarter, and 9 
months ended December 25. 
Along with me, we have our 
•
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia - whole-time director
•
Mr. Shubham Khadwalia- Executive Vice President.
•
Mr. Varun Sharma - CFO
•
Mr. S.M. Singla - Finance Head
•
Ms. Navpreet Kaur - Company Secretary & Compliance Officer.
The company's financial result for quarter and 9 months ended at December 25, has been 
circulated and uploaded on the stock exchange. And, company website. I will summarize the key 
highlight of our financial performance in this quarter, and 9 months ended December 25 on 
standalone basis. 
•
Revenue from operation in Q3FY26 is 100.64 crore, comparable to the last year, 90.82
crore, and say, via year-on-year, growth is 10.81%.
•
On a 9-month basis, 290.96 crore against the last year, 241.61 crore. Year on year,
growth is 20.43%
•
EBITDA, Inclusive of other income is 12.16 crore of the Q3 2026. Comparable to 12.29
crore. It is a little decline.
•
In 9-month basis, the figure is 36.02 crore. Again, 32.63 crore. There is a growth of
10.39%. 
The Tractor Segment: 
•
Revenue, for this Q3, 47.91 crore. Against the last year, 25.4 crore. Year-on-year growth
is around 88%. 
•
The 9-month is 140 crore revenue, or tax revenue, 140.25 crore. Against the last year,
90.46 crore. The year-on-year growth is around 55%. 
The crane segment: 
•
Revenue, the last quarter is 52.73. Against the last year of 65.43. There's a decline of
around 19% in the revenue and, the 9 months is 150.71 crore of this, 9 months ending 26 
and, last year, it was 150.45 crore. So it's almost, same… similar. 
The growth outlook, The Company expects to achieve overall revenue growth of around 25%. on 
FY-26, with total tractor revenue around 50% plus, and the Crane revenue is expected to grow 
around 10% with the overall expected EBITDA margins in the range of 12.5% to 13%. 
Regarding the export, the company have started the export marketing activities. And appointed, 
some good dealers. This is a response of the… we have participated in the agri exhibition in 
Germany in the last year. And, in Agritech exhibition , to open the new market, especially in 
Europe. The company have received a trial order from Germany of 48 Tractors, which is a good 
beginning, and in some other country also, I think UK also, we got some little small trial order. 
Regarding the dealer network, during the quarter ended December 25,The company has added 
25 new dealers in Tractor Division, taking total dealers, headcount is 200 plus. Although, in this 
200, some dealers yet to start. The LOI has been issued, and they are preparing their showroom 
and other activities. In Crane Division also, the company has added 5 new dealers during this 
quarter, taking the total number of crane dealers, plus 25 dealers. 
Regarding this new project, new pick and carry crane project update. The project work has 
regained momentum during the current quarter. The project is expected to start commercial 
production in the first quarter of 26-27, FY26-27. The civil construction work at new site is in full 
progress as per approved plan, timeline, and specification. The civil work of the main set, 

 
          Date: 12th February, 2026                             
                                                                                                                                           Time: 4:00 PM (IST)                                        
 
 
including the pre-engineered building. SAD and related works are expected to be completed by 
March’26. 
 
Order for the major machinery have been placed, and procurement is in progress, as per the 
approved project plan. For tower cane, proto, design and, first sample. Onward, it'll be ready by 
March, this, in this financial year. And onward, second quarter, FY26-27, the company is 
expected to start the commercial sale of the tower crane. And in FY26-27, we are expecting a 
revenue of around 60 to 70 crore. Figures in this, next financial year, the next financial year. This 
is All, I think. Now we can, we can… Reply the specific queries of the participants. 
 
Finportal: Thank you to the management team for the insightful introduction about the company. 
We will now move on to the Q&A session. Participants who wish to ask a question, are kindly 
requested to raise their hand. 
 
We'll take the first question from Kaushal Sharma. 
 
Kaushal Sharma: Hello. Yeah, hi sir, very good evening. Am I audible? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yeah, you are audible, yeah, please. 
 
Kaushal Sharma: Tell me what is the progress in, tower crane, manufacturing production? And 
we have the plan to add 500 dealers in next 3 years, so how many dealers we have added in this 
9-month financial 26?  
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Trial Production will be ready in this financial year. And we are 
expected to start the commercial sale from the second quarter of the next financial year. 
 
Kaushal Sharma: Okay, and sir, what about the dealership that we have added in this 9-month 
Financial 26? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: This… now the dealership number has gone to around 200 
numbers. Earlier, I think it was 140, I think around 60. 60 dealers we have added, although all out 
of 60, some dealer yet to start the first lifting but the LOI has been issued. They are preparing the 
showroom and other, creating other infra facilities. We are, Anshulji, you can explain up to 500 
dealers? Yeah. By which time? 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Sir, we had received, sir, over the past… yeah, sure, sir. Sir, just to add, 
sir, over the past 9 months, post the IPO, we received over more than 175 applications who have 
applied for our dealership, but only 60 have qualified out of those, and Sir, our plan to add… so 
currently, with the current LOIs that we have reached, our number is 200, and our plan to take it 
to 500, we are well on track to achieve that plan. Rather, we are hopeful to achieve that before 
time. 
 
Kaushal Sharma: Okay, and so, just want to understand the capacity that we have.  
What is the current capacity utilization of both segment tractor and cranes, and how are we going 
to ramp up the same?  
What is the overall volume production and sales volume in this 9-month, both in the tractor and 
the cranes? Could you please highlight on the same? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: You know, first is the crane. Crane in the existing plant, we do not 
have more capacity. Therefore, we are putting a new facility, which will be operational in the next 
financial year, okay? Then the capacity constraint in crane will be over. And, yeah, and as far as 
Tractor is concerned, Tractor, the capacity is 12,000 numbers. There is still capacity available, 
but this year, as we have given the figure, we are expecting around plus 50% growth in tractor 
business, comparable to the last year. So slowly, slowly, every year, we will, as soon as we'll 
ramp up our dealer network, the number will automatically increase. 
 

 
          Date: 12th February, 2026                             
                                                                                                                                           Time: 4:00 PM (IST)                                        
 
 
Kaushal Sharma: So, what is the volume in tractor and the cranes that we did in this 9-month 
financial 26? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Okay. Singlaji, you are having this current figure with you? Can 
you share these numbers? 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Yes, sir? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Can you, can you share the 9-month figure of tractor and crane? 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: total tractor numbers for last years was around 2000 and for 9 months 
till Dec 31, 2025 tractor numbers are around 2000 as against around 1200 during 9 months of 
preceding year., so… 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Last year, 1,200, and now 2,000 plus. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Yes. 
 
Kaushal Sharma: It is for crane, sir? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Tractor, Tractor. 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Last year was around 735 numbers. This is, 705 number, sir. 
 
Kaushal Sharma: 705 number versus 735. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yeah. 
 
Kaushal Sharma: So what? 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Well, I'm… 
 
Kaushal Sharma: Is there degrowth in the volume, sir, in the crane? 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: It's just a marginal decline, sir. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yeah, this is… I'll explain, you know, in this crane, this is a 
trump… our engine tram is changed completely, the new machine has come in, you know, we 
have started. Until last year, we were selling Tram 3 machine and tram 4 machine. Majority sale 
was of Tram 3 machines and few machines, new generation machine in Tram4. But now, both 
this emission gnome engine has been upgraded to tram5. State way going to tram 5, it becomes 
a little sophisticated engine. Then… and the price increase is also there. 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Yeah, sir, I would like to add something here. So, sir, basically, in last 
year, the… we were working at old norms, and with effect of 1st January 2025, the new norms 
were introduced. So, therefore, the last quarter, was very good, because people were, you 
know, there was a surge in demand due to every, people wanted to buy the old model. So, that is 
the primary reason of this. 
 
Kaushal Sharma: Since we are expanding our crane capacity and entering into the new tower 
crane, so are we expecting any jump in EBITDA margin next year? Like, we have guided 12.5% 
to 13% for the current year, but for the next year, is there any scope to increase in our EBITDA 
margin? 
Should the governor is at optimal utilization? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Definitely. Once the volume increase, EBITDA is definitely going 
to… we are expecting it is going to increase. 

 
          Date: 12th February, 2026                             
                                                                                                                                           Time: 4:00 PM (IST)                                        
 
 
 
Kaushal Sharma: By how… how much, sir? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Singla, how much, have you done some details? 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: approximately 2%. 
 
Kaushal Sharma: By 200 basis points, sir? 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: 150 to 200 basis points, sir. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: 150 to 200 basis point. 
 
Kaushal Sharma: Okay, okay, so thank you very much for answering my question. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Thank. 
 
Finportal: We'll take the next question from Rahul Gupta. Mr. Rahul, you can ask your question. 
We'll take the next question from Sameera Middha. 
 
Sameera Middha: Hello, am I audible? Yes, ma'am. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yeah, but yes. 
 
Sameera Middha: Yeah, good evening, sir. Sir, first of all, I wanted to know the capacity 
utilization of crane as well as tractor division for Q3FY26. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Ma'am, crane is a Q3. We are working on almost 100% capacity. 
In the existing plant. 
 
Sameera Middha: And tractor. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Tractor, ma'am, there is a… still potential, but as we have 
explained in the beginning, that, we are… we are… we'll be growing around at the 50% plus in 
this financial year. So, in the last quarter, rather, the volume tractor business growth was 88%. 
 
Sameera Middha: Sir, if, if, Sir, if our crane capacity is running at almost 100% utilization, then 
how come the sales number has decreased on a YOY basis? For cranes. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Madam, this is a very… 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Ma'am, the sales number which is decreased is around 4% only, so that 
is also because of a mix of certain models. Some bigger machines are produced in terms of… in 
less capacity, and the smaller ones we can produce in more numbers. So that is the reason. 
 
Sameera Middha: Okay, so sir, before the, new norms were introduced, what was the average 
selling price of our crane, and now, what is the average selling price of our crane? 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: The average selling price has increased by approximately 10%. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: No, little more. I'm sure, some little more, the last year, I think 19 
to 20… 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: No, sir, sir, sir, I'll tell you, last year it was somewhere around 20, 19.5. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Okay. 
 

 
          Date: 12th February, 2026                             
                                                                                                                                           Time: 4:00 PM (IST)                                        
 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Which has increased by almost 10%, which is coming now to be 21.5 to 
21.9. 
 
Sameera Middha: So, that… that is the number in lakhs, right? Earlier it was 19 lakhs, and now 
it is around 22 lakhs? 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Yeah, yeah. 
 
Sameera Middha: Okay. And sir, when are we expecting the commercialization of our new 
crane capacity? I'm not talking about the fixed tower crane, the, pick and carry crane capacity. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Madam, this, the production, commercial production, will start in 
the first quarter of the next financial year. 26-27. 
 
Sameera Middha: Okay. Sir, if everything is alright in our crane business as well, then why we 
have reduced the guidance from earlier, 20-25% growth in cranes to 10% now? 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Yes. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Ma'am, this was… this was because of the last year. The 
emission known was that from 3 engines. And suddenly, because of coming of this emission 
norm going to tram 5 engine, okay? The acceptability in the market, and there is a little price 
increase also. These engines are a little sophisticated. The training has to be given in the field. 
Now I think that time is over. Whatever time is over. And the last… last year, because this 
emission norm… new emission norm will be… are coming in with the effective, therefore the 
pupil has, done more buying. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: preponed their buying’s. So this was the reason, but after this, I 
think January onward, the things are going in a very different direction. We've got the better 
bookings now, and whatever time is required to, you know, establish a new product, basically, 
that is already taken. So now, onward, this January, we are expecting better numbers. 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: And, sir, just to add to what Chairman Sir explained, this shift is across 
industry. It is not limited to us. This is a huge shift from BS3 to VS5. So, whenever there is an 
upgradation in the norms, it takes a little while for the market to accept. And, you know, in 
approximately 6 to 9 months, once the market accepts, then the push starts again. 
 
Sameera Middha: Okay, so on an industry basis, have things started normalizing again? 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Yes, ma'am. This month onwards, January, this quarter beginning 
onwards, things are normalized now. 
 
Sameera Middha: Okay, okay, sir, thank you so much, and all the best. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Thank you, thank you. 
 
Finportal: We'll take the next question from Dolly Chaudhary. 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: Hello, am I audible? 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Yes, ma'am. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: happiness. 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: Hi, so thank you for the opportunity. I just had a few questions. So first of all, 
as you mentioned, that in 9 months, we did a volume in cranes of about 705. What was exactly 
this number for this quarter? Quarter 3? 

 
          Date: 12th February, 2026                             
                                                                                                                                           Time: 4:00 PM (IST)                                        
 
 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Singla what was the number, last quarter? 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: So, last quarter was there to 230 crane, sir. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: 200? 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: 230 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Okay. 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: 230 cranes, okay, mainly because of product mix change also. So, like, our 
new capacity will be coming live in quarter one, so, I guess in the initial level, we'll expect a lower 
utilization level, so what, like, what volume jump we are expecting in next year? Like, I guess this 
year will close around 1,000 cranes, like, similar to last year, but what are we expecting this 
volume number in next year, financial year 27? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Ma'am, there, once we start there at the new facility, then the 
crane production constraint will not be there, which we are facing in the past. Because marketing 
always having very, very large booking, and we're not able to deliver in timely, then ultimately the 
customer… we are losing the customers. Once that facility starts, and if we utilize that facility, the 
capacity will be 3,600 additional capacity. If you're able to utilize that room, 50% also in the first 
year, then 1,800 crane, we are expecting from that unit. 1,800. Yeah, that is additional business 
we are expecting from that unit. 
 
Of course, we are strengthening our marketing also, simultaneously, because it's not only easy 
that once the production is there, it'll start selling also, but of course, we have created the market, 
and we have gone in more market also. Considering our new production capacity 
announcement. 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Yeah, adding to what's just said, so approximately what, you know, we 
were estimating is to proportionately add approx… a minimum 1,000 machines additional in the 
next, financial year from the new plant. From 1,000 machines in addition to what we are already 
selling. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yeah, there's the minimum numbers. Otherwise, we are targeting 
1,800. 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: But anyway, this will be the minimum number, which we can… 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: 100% sure. 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: So, like, from January, February onwards, are we seeing, like, the demand 
scenario getting, like, normalized because of price hike? Like, are people… have resumed the 
activity of, like, the… for getting the usual numbers, as it was impacted last quarter, and this 
quarter as well? 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Yeah, so things are improving. This January, we have closed at very 
good volumes, and we are expecting, to, you know, whatever 4-5% degrowth we have done in 
the first three quarters, we are expecting to match it up in the last quarter, and we will not be 
closing at a, degrowth at the end of the year. So we… there will be some growth. 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: Okay, okay, and lastly, one more thing that, if I'll just take an estimation of 
around 1,000 cranes doing this year, and expand, like, doing volume of 2,000 next year, it's like a 
new jump, the minimum jump that we are expecting. And… and on other side, you just 
mentioned that we have added 5 new dealers, right? 
 

 
          Date: 12th February, 2026                             
                                                                                                                                           Time: 4:00 PM (IST)                                        
 
 
So, like, if you can, like, just throw some light on, like, first of all, on which geography that we 
have new geography that we have entered recently in crane division, which we can see as new, 
because existing, I know that you mentioned that, as we didn't have the capacity, we were not 
able to supply the cranes, but we are also expanding to new markets and getting market share 
from other players, so which new geographies are we entering into right now? That can give a 
good volume next year. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: So, you know, as per our, research, we need approximately 60 dealers 
to cover the full country. 
 
And right now, earlier, before the IPO, we were operating mostly in north of India, but now we are 
expanding to reach, you know, each and every part of the country, whether it is south or east. 
 
And we are working in a combination. It is not like we are all working… we are only working on a 
dealer model. There is a combination. In certain places, we are starting to sell directly. We have 
appointed our own company-owned staff, in terms of sales and service representatives. And 
wherever we are not able to find a good dealer in the beginning, we are… we are, planning to 
sell directly few numbers, and later on, at a stage where we can get a good dealer on board. So 
it is a combination, but we are primarily focusing in the East as well as south of India. 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: Okay, and what would be the total number right now for dealers? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Around 25 dealers, 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Approximately 25, 26 dealers right now, are currently, which are 
working. 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: Which are working. So, like, these dealers are exclusive for Indo Farm, or 
they work for different brands as well? 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: So, they are exclusive for Indo Farm when it comes to crane business. 
Maybe they have some other product which is not, you know, related to our product. Like, maybe 
they are having a dealership of selling some oil or something else which complements the crane 
business, but has no direct competition. 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: Okay, okay, and, like, what number do we see going forward for these 
dealers? Like, what is the pipeline? Like, maybe some demand is coming from the dealer side 
also to get, added. So, what should we expect this number to go next year? 
 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: So, our target is to reach, Approximately 50 plus dealers. Where we feel 
that we can cover the full country. 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: So, like, we are confident that next year we'll cover the full country, at least 
for the start. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Yeah, so, you know, once the capacity is in place, then we have the 
confidence to achieve. 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: Okay, and like, for our strategy to sell Tower Cranes also, like, these dealers 
who are doing pick and carry, I guess they'll not be the same for tower cranes also. So, how will, 
like, our strategy for Tower Cranes? Like, is the… we know that there's the demand in the 
industry, it was getting imported, but how are we approaching and establishing the product 
market fit for our product? 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Having a vision to work, directly also, and work via dealers. If I talk in 
terms of percentage, so approximately 75-80% of the dealers which are for pick and carry can be 

 
          Date: 12th February, 2026                             
                                                                                                                                           Time: 4:00 PM (IST)                                        
 
 
utilized for Tower Crane Business also. But 25%, we will… we might have to appoint new or sell 
directly. 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: Okay, okay. Got it, got it, that'll be all. Thank you. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Thank you, ma'am. 
 
Finportal: We'll take the next question from Rahul Gupta. 
 
Rahul Gupta: Hello? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes, yes, Guptaji. 
 
Rahul Gupta: Sir, as you mentioned that the sales will grow 25%, is the 60, 70 crore revenue 
from Tower Crane included in this, or excluded? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: No, no, our cane business will be only in the next financial year, 
26-27. 
 
Rahul Gupta: It is excluded. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: is excluded. 
 
Rahul Gupta: 85% sales growth. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yeah. This is… I have spoken around 25% top-line growth in this 
current financial year. 
 
Rahul Gupta: Okay, okay. And for the next financial year, sir? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Next, financial year, you know, sector, we are expecting to still 
further grow around 30% plus. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: It is the. 
 
Rahul Gupta: Okay, 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: It's a little bit different on the market. Market, you know how the 
market goes, basically, because it is… the rain is okay, monsoon is okay, so we are expecting 
30% growth. And crane… Crane, because we are putting a new facility, there we are expecting 
at least 1000 plus crane. 
 
Pick and carry crane additional to the… what we are doing from the current plant.1000 plus 
crane Total number become almost 2,000. Okay. Yeah. 
 
Rahul Gupta: And, sir, what about tower crane? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Tower crane, we are expecting a revenue of, in the first financial 
year, maybe 60 to 70 crore only, top line. 
 
Rahul Gupta: Okay, and sir, what will be the EBITDA margin of tower crane? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: It'll be almost in the… in the beginning, in these numbers, it will 
be almost around Between 12 to 13 only. 
 
Rahul Gupta: 12 to 13. And, EBITDA mix what? 
 

 
          Date: 12th February, 2026                             
                                                                                                                                           Time: 4:00 PM (IST)                                        
 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: In the next year, we are expecting little improvement in the 
EBITDA. So, maybe, under, under 150 to 200 points. 
 
Rahul Gupta: Okay, it will be around, 14.5 to 15%. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes, you can see. 
 
Rahul Gupta: Okay, sir, thank you, sir. 
 
Finportal: We'll take the next question from Pushkar Jain. 
 
Pushkar Jain: Hi, am I audible?  
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes, yes, Jain Sir.  
 
Pushkar Jain: Yeah, yeah, sorry to repeat the same question. So, sir, My understanding is, 450 
crores, probably, we reach in this year, in terms of revenue, and then 15% probably we grow in 
the existing facility because of tractor. From existing facility. A thousand cranes at an average 
selling price of 21 lakhs will make another 200 crores from the crane facility. Yes. And 60-70 
crores from the tower crane facility. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yeah. 
 
Pushkar Jain: So, are we expecting, like, 700, 800 crores of top line next year? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: We are expecting these numbers, definitely, we are expecting 
these numbers. 
 
Pushkar Jain: Right, and on that, a 13% blended margin, and as capacity goes up, then. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes, yes, yes. Yes. 
 
Pushkar Jain: Yeah, but are you seeing… and also, second, on the industry level, are you 
seeing any slowdown in the crane market, like, or is it just because of the, like, these norms 
changing that we saw a temporary blip? Structurally? What is your view on the market going 
ahead? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: This year remained because of the norm changing, and there was 
a little bit slowdown in the capital expenditure by, I think, the government also. 
 
But next, you see this budget. The infra investment has been increased. So, considering this 
thing, budget thing, we are expecting that this growth momentum will come again in the 
construction equipment business, in the crane business. And calculate, of course, doing better. 
Plus, we have… we have started opening in export. 
 
If something happened in Indian market, then we try to compensate from the export. Therefore, 
we are expecting around 30% growth in tractor business, because the already capacity is 
available there. And we have started the export also. So, 30% from there, and due to the 
capacity addition in the crane, we are expecting all these things in the next financial year. 
 
Pushkar Jain: Right, and suddenly, like, we are growing very fast in tractors. Is there any 
structural reason why, like, in the market point of view? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: This is, two, three things which, we have told during our… the last 
discussions, or earning calls. The tractor business, you know, we have invested some money in 
the NBFC also. 
 

 
          Date: 12th February, 2026                             
                                                                                                                                           Time: 4:00 PM (IST)                                        
 
 
Pushkar Jain: Right. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: NBFC is also supporting us from this IPO and we are opening 
new market also. We have started investing in the marketing team, good marketing team, and 
opening new area also. 
 
Earlier, we are… we are focused only in few states, all five northern states. Now we are going to 
the Karnataka, we have started, and Maharastra, we have started aggressively. So these new 
states also started giving some numbers. So, ultimately, our number increased. You know, this 
last quarter, then 88% growth. It is very good growth, basically. Yeah, yeah. Considering these 
things, maybe in the next year, we are still considering these figures, but we are expecting 
minimum 30% growth that we should do in Tractor. 
 
Pushkar Jain: Right, and this new crane facility is anyway fungible, right? So we can move, or 
we can make tractors and crane at the same facility, right? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: No, new facility is dedicated for construction equipment only. 
Okay, the industry is already available in the existing plant. 
 
Pushkar Jain: Right, so current facility is Fungible, and new is, like, dedicated to cranes. Okay, 
okay, that explains a lot. Thanks a lot, sir. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Thank you, thank you. 
 
Finportal: If any investor have any questions, you can raise your hand. 
 
We'll take the next question from the Dipanshu Suman. 
 
Dipanshu Suman: Hello, sir. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yeah? 
 
Dipanshu Suman: Congratulations. I think, again, a good quarter on the tractor side, but on the 
crane, I think a little bit of slowdown is there in the market itself. So, I wanted to check, can you 
give me the number of cranes, what we have sold on a quarter-on-quarter basis for last four 
quarters, like, starting from last March to June, to September, to December. This last four 
quarters, what were the volume numbers for Crane? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Singla, do… are you having these figures? 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Please, please. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes Exactly, this number is readily available, 350 crane sir? 
 
Dipanshu Suman: How much, sir? How much? 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: 350 cranes sir? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yeah. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: And the first quarter of this financial year, around 270 crane, sir. 
 
Dipanshu Suman: Okay. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: And the second quarter is about 200 cranes and the third quarter is the 
230, 230 crane, sir. 
 

 
          Date: 12th February, 2026                             
                                                                                                                                           Time: 4:00 PM (IST)                                        
 
 
Dipanshu Suman: 230 cranes. Okay. Okay, so that was for my part. Thank you. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Thank you. Thank you. 
 
Dipanshu Suman: So basically, they are saying that there is a complete curriculum. 
 
Finportal: We’ll take the next question from Pradyum Kothari. 
 
Pradyum Kothari: Good evening, sir. So, as you like, the norms changing and the, the crane 
market now reviving. So, that's, that's, like, like good work from your side. Just I wanted to know 
that the new plan that you all have been mentioning about. So, like, have you taken debt on that, 
or is it from your own resources?  
Secondly, does the company plan to, like, reduce their debt, or, like, what are the plans behind 
that? And please tell me the cash proposition of the company as well. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: We, just for your knowledge, this money which we are investing in 
this crane, new, building the new crane facility. The land was already available with us, 30 acre 
additional land where we are putting the new plant. Okay, again, apart from 35 acres, the current 
facility. 
 
On the 30-acre plant, the money which we are investing in this project, basically, plus 70 odd 
crore, this is… we have, raised in IPO. So, no borrowing is increased. This is, you can say, the 
IPO… Funds are being utilized there. And, as far as… The debt is concerned. Now, the company 
debt is, working capital only. 
 
Around 85 crore, which we can use, depending on the requirement. But, what, term loans were 
there, which we have almost reduced, and I think in this financial end of closing of this financial 
year, Singlaji, what figure will be, I think, less than 10 crore? 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Around 7 to 8 crores, sir. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Around 7 to 8 crore will be left. This year, we'll be paying around 
15 crore, almost 15 crore that, this, term loans we have repaid. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: So we will term loan, zero buy next year, sir. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Term loan will be zero by next year. 
 
Pradyum Kothari: Okay, so thank you so much for answering the question. 
 
Finportal: We'll take the next question from Meet Mehta. 
 
Meet Mehta: Hello, am I audible? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes. 
 
 
Meet Mehta: So, sir, as we are targeting revenue of 800 crores for next year. And we are also 
targeting 12.5% to 13% of EBITDA margins for this year. So, what kind of margins we are 
targeting for next year, as we will be ramping up our newer capacity? And any guidance on PAT 
margins? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: No, this, this, this EBITDA figure, which you are explaining, this is 
for the next financial year only, no? This is 26-27. And in that year, this new facility will also start. 
After starting the facility, these kind of, you know, top-line figures, we are expecting. 
 
Meet Mehta: Okay, any guidance on, PAT margins? 
 

 
          Date: 12th February, 2026                             
                                                                                                                                           Time: 4:00 PM (IST)                                        
 
 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Is similar, under 100-150 points. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: margin is in the range of around 6.5 to 7 % sir. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: 6.5% to 7%. 
 
Meet Mehta: Okay, okay. Thank you, sir, and congratulations on great set of results. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Thank you. 
 
Finportal: If any participant have any other question, then you can raise your hand. 
 
We'll take the next question from, Anil Nahata. 
 
Anil Nahata: Namaste Khadwaliaji, can you hear me? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: How about you, Nahataji? 
 
Anil Nahata: Absolutely fine, sir. Yeah, good to hear back from you and, sir, how are we looking 
at, sir, and quarter 4, sir? Quarter 3 was rather muted, and I unfortunately missed a bit of the 
earlier part of the discussion, so I'm sorry this question is repeated. 
 
So, sir, what are forecast? Because, sir, nearly we are halfway through the quarter now. So, how 
does it look like? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Tractor, again, we are expecting around 50% growth in Tractor. In 
this quarter. 
 
Anil Nahata: Hmm. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: And the crane also, we are expecting some growth. Maybe 
around 10%. Overall, overall, overall, the top line growth will be, we are expecting 25%. 
 
Anil Nahata: Understood, sir. Sir, last year, the quarter for crane was around 350. So, this 
quarter, are we thinking of reaching somewhere around that number, or it will be much lower? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Not, not much lower. We, we are, we are trying to… Had little 
more numbers than these numbers. 
 
Anil Nahata: Okay, so you're trying to exceed 350. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yeah, yes. 
 
Anil Nahata: And similarly, on the crane side, I think then, sorry, tractor side, I think your target 
will be more than 1,000 numbers then? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: No, no, it is last quarter, how many number I have and the figure 
I'm not having, but we are expecting around 50% growth. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Considering the last, past trend, yeah. 
 
Anil Nahata: Okay, sir. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Okay, sir, thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. 
 
Finportal: We'll take the next question from Kaushal Sharma. 

 
          Date: 12th February, 2026                             
                                                                                                                                           Time: 4:00 PM (IST)                                        
 
 
 
Kaushal Sharma: Hello, am I audible? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes, yes, Sharma, yeah, please. 
 
Kaushal Sharma: One follow-up question on our EBITDA margin. Sir, as we can see that our 
quarter on quarter EBITDA margin has fallen from, like, 16.12% to 12.77% from June 2024 to 
current quarter. So, what was the key reason of this fall in our EBITDA margin? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Because, primary reason is, we have recruited a lot of numbers, 
manpower, basically, for… especially for marketing. And that… that cost, because initially, for 
finding dealers, searching their new dealer, new partners, their little bit more spending has been 
done on the manpower front. So that has little affected. That is, I think, the main reason, and 
maybe we are going in some new market. So there we are offering little more competitive pricing, 
because in the market, the new for us, there we have given little more competitive pricing. Just to 
enter there. 
 
Kaushal Sharma: over the period of next 3 to 4 years, what kind of normalized or sustainable 
EBITDA margin in our business? Because now we have spent all the marketing and employee 
manpower cost. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yeah, yeah. 
 
Kaushal Sharma: kind of normalized EBITDA margin for next 3 to 5 years? Would it be in the 
range of, like you said, 12.5% to 13%, or it will go back to 15% to 16%? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: It will definitely go back, because I'll tell you, we have got a lot of 
backward integration. When the product is established in all the new zone, like we are 
established in north part of the country, then we can have… it'll be in line with the industry. Not 
less. 
 
Kaushal Sharma: Okay, sir, thank you very much. 
 
Finportal: We'll take the next question from Pushkar Jain. 
 
Pushkar Jain: Hi, sir, in this, pick and carry, segment, what risks do you see, like, in terms of 
product acceptability, and what is the total capex that we have done in this, on this facility? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Total capex will be around… 70… Plus crore, 70-75 crore. And, 
as far as the product acceptance is concerned. Our product is accepted all… in all the sectors, in 
all the big corporate also. 
 
So now it is… it’s only depend… because we have started the product, we are a new late 
entrant, we have given much better features comparable to the industry in the beginning. We 
were the first company to launch the air brake system. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Because there was no air brake system earlier in the Hydra machines. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: We have given the bigger boom heights. We have given the 
outriggers, which was not there in the industry in the hydra segment. So, we have tried to give 
much better features and competitive price. Oh, because. 
 
Pushkar Jain: Okay. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: This thing, the acceptance of the product is very good. Therefore, 
we are the… we are the… one of the latest and trends, comparable to… to our two competitors. 
They are quite old in this business. 

 
          Date: 12th February, 2026                             
                                                                                                                                           Time: 4:00 PM (IST)                                        
 
 
 
Still, our acceptance is everywhere. In defence, in railway, in all identity projects, we have 
bulletin, metros, everywhere, it is acceptable. A second Acceptance is not an issue, rather, it is a 
preferred machine. 
 
Pushkar Jain: Right, right. And so, from this facility, what is the peak revenue or, you know, 
peak number of units that you can produce, if you can give any idea? When… once it totally 
ramps up, like, the total peak capacity or total peak revenue. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Peak revenue from the crane business of the existing facility is a 
350 number, which we have done in the last year, March. But… 
 
Pushkar Jain: No, no, no, the new, the new facility where we are… 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: The new facility will be very large. It is a 3,600 crane facility. We 
are putting Pick and carry crane. And there, we'll be making some, tower crane also. Tower 
crane facility also. Tower crane, we expect, up to, 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: 1200… Tower crane Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, I'm wrong, I'm 
wrong. Not 1,200 tower cranes. It is a capacity of 240 tower cranes we can produce. 
 
Pushkar Jain: From that facility, around 240 we are expecting. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: And 3,600, pick and carry crane. One average price it will take, 
because it will make a little bigger machine also. On around 25 lakh rupees. 
 
On pick and carry crane, then you can calculate what kind of revenue can be generated with that 
plant. Balances, of course, depend on the marketing, how marketing catch up with that, 
production numbers And, in this, tower cane, in 240 tower crane. 
 
The average selling price of Tower crane is around maybe 65 lakh rupees. 60 lakh, you can 
consider a safer side. 
 
Pushkar Jain: Okay. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: This kind of revenue can be generated with that new unit. 
 
Pushkar Jain: So maybe close to, like, 1,000 crores peak revenue can be generated from the 
new… 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes, yes, yes. 
 
Pushkar Jain: Thanks a lot, sir, thanks a lot. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Thank you. 
 
Finportal: We'll take the next question from Dolly Chaudhry. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes, ma'am? 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: had a follow-up question. So, like, as, when, can you just have a comparison 
drawn from our competitors in pricing terms in our, like, established markets, as, in comparison 
to the new markets that we are entering? What would be the price difference between our 
competitors and us? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Which product you are asking, ma'am? Tractor, okay, any? 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: Pick & carry crane. 

 
          Date: 12th February, 2026                             
                                                                                                                                           Time: 4:00 PM (IST)                                        
 
 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Pick & carry crane. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: So, ma'am, the pricing is basically, on the same lines only. We are a 
North-based company, so therein south, there is an impact of freight cost. Which increases the 
price a little. But in general, ma'am, we are priced, at par with the competitors, you know, in 
certain models, so it is model-wise pricing. In certain models where we are offering maybe some 
better features. 
 
Our pricing can be slightly higher, and in new markets where we have to, you know, seed our 
product, and for the entry purposes, maybe we can, you know, pitch our product at a slightly 
lower price than competition, and once we achieve a certain volume, then we can get it back to 
the normal routine price. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: But, comparable to escorts, basically, we are giving. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: There are two companies which are working. So, sir, there is no… there 
is no direct fixed comparison, because, sir, each product has different, unique accessories and 
USPs. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Okay. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: So, I can't, like, make a statement where I can say that my product is, in 
certain markets, we are selling, like, at a similar price than Escorts, but we are offering certain 
extra things to the customer. 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: So, so, like, if I do a tonnage-wise, like, comparison, still we can't compare, 
because some features are different. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yeah. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Yeah, the features are different, but we are… we are competitively 
priced when we compare ourselves to Escorts. 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: And, in respect to action construction? 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: We can consider at par or maybe slightly lower when we are entering in 
new markets here. 
 
Dolly Chaudhary: Okay, but in established geographies, we are, we are, like, similar only, but in 
new geographies, we give, better pricing. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Yes, yes, yes. Okay, thank you. 
 
Finportal: We'll take the next question from Rahul Gupta. 
 
Rahul Gupta: Hello? Hello, sir? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yeah, Rahul. 
 
Rahul Gupta: Sir, you mentioned 25% sales growth. Is this year-on-year basis, or quarter-on-
quarter basis for Q4? 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Year-on-year basis, not quarter. 
 
Rahul Gupta: Year-on-year basis. 
 

 
          Date: 12th February, 2026                             
                                                                                                                                           Time: 4:00 PM (IST)                                        
 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yeah. 
 
Finportal: On behalf of Finportal, I would like to express our gratitude to the management team 
of Indo Farm Equipment Limited for taking the time to join us and provide such detailed 
responses to the questions. We also appreciate all the participants for their engagement. 
 
If any questions remain unanswered, please feel free to reach out to us at the email IDs given in 
the chat box. (ir@finportalin.com, ir@indofarm.in) 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Thank you, ma'am. 
 
⁠Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Thank you, Ma’am. 
 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Thank you. 
 
Finportal: You may now disconnect. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
