 
 
 
HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
Reg Off: HCG Towers #8, P. Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Ram Nagar, Bengaluru - 560 027 
Corp Off: #3, G-Floor, Tower Block, Unity Buildings Complex, Mission Road, Bengaluru - 560 027, Karnataka, India 
91 80 4660 7700 | Emall-query@hcgel.com | Website - www.hcgoncology.com | CIN: L15200KA1998PLC023489  
Ahmedabad | Bengaluru | Bhavnagar | Chennai | Cuttack | Hubballi | Indore | Jaipur | Kalaburagi | Kenya | Kolkata | Mumbai | Nagpur | Nashik | Ongole | Rajkot | Ranchi | Shimoga | Vadodara | Vijayawada | Vizag 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Compliance Department, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051,  
Maharashtra, India 
BSE Limited, 
Compliance Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001,  
Maharashtra, India 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject         : 
Transcript of the Earnings Call held with Analysts/Investors on February 09, 
2026 
 
Stock Code  :   BSE – 539787, NSE – HCG 
 
Reference    :    
 
Regulation 30, Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find attached herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Call held on February 09, 2026, with 
Analysts/Investors to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2025.  
 
This is also available on the website of the Company - https://www.hcgoncology.com/investor-
relations/  
 
Request you to take this on record. 
Thanking you, 
For HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
Sunu Manuel 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a.  
 
SUNU 
MANUEL ABEY
Digitally signed by 
SUNU MANUEL ABEY 
Date: 2026.02.13 
21:26:32 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 09, 2026 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Healthcare Global 
Enterprises Limited Earnings Conference Call. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Healthcare 
Global Enterprises' Q3 and 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us 
Dr. Manish Mattoo, Executive Director and CEO of the company. We would like to 
begin the call with opening remarks from Manish, following which we will have 
the forum open for an interactive question-and-answer session. 
 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has 
been included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. I would now 
like to invite Manish to make his opening remarks. 
Manish Mattoo 
Thank you, Anoop. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 
I hope you have had a chance to review our Q3 & 9M FY26 results presentation. 
We are pleased to be engaging with you once again following our recent strategy 
interaction as we continue to focus on strengthening HCG's core oncology 
platform and driving consistency across clinical and financial outcomes. 
 
Over more than two decades, HCG has established itself as a focused oncology 
network with a Pan-India presence, deep clinical expertise and a multidisciplinary 
model of care. Consistent clinical outcomes supported by technology and tumour-
board-led decision-making remains central to how the organization operates. 
 
Building on this foundation, our strategy is centred on creating the most trusted 
outcome-led oncology platform in India through a single specialty model. Our 
emphasis remains on optimizing the existing network by deepening clinical 
programs, improving utilization and mix and strengthening referral and patient 
engagement. 
 
Growth is expected to be driven primarily through existing centres, supported by 
brownfield expansion in high potential markets and calibrated greenfield 

 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
additions over time. This approach is underpinned by a calibrated capital 
allocation framework, a sustained focus on patient experience and operating 
leverage as scale builds across the network. 
 
Before we get into the financials, I want to briefly highlight the clinical capability 
that underpins HCG's performance and long-term moat. HCG operates a 
comprehensive cancer care model, and our strength lies in managing high 
complexity cases at a large scale. In the last quarter, this capability was 
demonstrated across specialties. 
 
As an example, in radiation oncology, we treated a tumour completely encircling 
the optic nerve using most advanced version of Cyberknife, which achieved a 
tumour reduction without any loss of vision, highlighting the precision of our 
advanced radiosurgery platforms. In medical oncology, we achieved a complete 
response in a rare BRCA2-positive, HER2-positive PIK3CA mutated breast cancer, 
which is a subtype that typically responds poorly to treatment. This reflects our 
depth in molecular oncology and personalized treatment protocols. From a 
governance and research standpoint, our K. R. Hospital received NABH 
accreditation for its ethics committee; a highly selective recognition that 
strengthens our credibility in advanced clinical trials and research-led care. 
 
In surgical oncology, our robotic platforms continue to expand the boundaries of 
curative care. A 97-year-old patient with advanced colon cancer underwent 
robotic R0 resection; and in another case a 10-hour robotic prostate surgery 
involving rectal encroachment also achieved R0 resection. In neuro-oncology, for 
example, we performed diffusion tensor image-guided awake brain surgeries in 
critical regions, maximizing tumour removal while preserving neurologic function. 
 
Alongside clinical excellence, we are also focused on sustainable and responsible 
oncology. We launched a green radiation oncology initiative to reduce energy 
consumption and carbon footprint and introduce low-dose restorative 
radiotherapy for inflammatory and degenerative joint conditions, opening up new 
evidence-based applications of radiation therapy. Importantly, this clinical 
strength is now being efficiently monetized through our digital engine. 
 
In Q3 FY26, digital revenue grew 26% year-on-year despite a meaningful reduction 
in paid media spend. Our own channels strengthened materially. The website 
remained the primary contributor at 67% of the overall digital contribution, while 
the mobile app scaled 4.5x to contribute 13% to our digital revenues. Campaign 
efficiency improved sharply with campaign-led revenue growing 38% year-on-
year and increasing its share from 20% to 27%. 
 
While traffic declined due to external disruptions in Google Ads, outpatient 
volumes grew 26% and inpatient volumes grew 37%, clearly indicating higher 

 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
conversion, better case mix and superior demand quality. We also reduced 
aggregator dependence with their share declining from 12% to 9%, improving 
revenue quality and long-term margins. 
 
Taken together, this reflects a repeatable, system-driven model where clinical 
excellence creates trust and digital capability converts that trust efficiently into 
high-quality volumes and dominant market share in core catchments. 
 
Turning now to our Q3 financial and operating performance. Q3 is typically 
seasonally softer for the health care services industry. Despite this, HCG delivered 
revenues of INR 633 crore, representing a year-on-year growth of 13.4%. 
Excluding the fertility business, HCG delivered revenues of INR 618 crore, 
supported by healthy patient volume growth of 8% year-on-year, underscoring 
resilient demand for oncology care across the network. 
 
In addition to volume momentum, revenues benefited from improving utilization 
across centres and a steady mix of complex cases. This demonstrates continued 
progress in strengthening clinical programs and expanding service depth across 
hospitals, particularly in larger and more mature clusters. 
 
During our strategy discussion, I had mentioned that our existing network has 
achieved about 60% of its revenue potential, and there continues to be headroom 
to grow within these hospitals, which we are seeing in our quarter-on-quarter 
performance. 
 
Average revenue per patient, including our fertility business during Q3FY26 stood 
at approximately INR 84,000, marking a year-on-year increase of 5%. ARPP trends 
were influenced by case mix dynamics and regional payor mix variations alongside 
the ongoing scale-up of services across the network. 
 
Adjusted EBITDA for Q3FY26 was INR 111 crore, reflecting a 20% year-on-year 
growth with EBITDA margins expanding to 17.5% from 16.5% during Q3 FY '25. 
Margin expansion during the quarter was driven by operating leverage as the 
utilization of the hospitals improved. This was achieved through continued 
investments in clinical talent, technology and infrastructure, which remain 
essential to supporting long-term growth. Going forward, margin expansion at 
HCG is expected to be driven by scale benefits and a gradual improvement in case 
and payor mix. 
 
From a regional perspective, performance across clusters remained healthy. In 
the South, the cluster delivered a 9% year-on-year revenue growth, driven by 
continued momentum at our Bangalore cluster and Vizag, despite temporary 
disruptions in Andhra Pradesh related to the state-sponsored scheme. These 
disruptions impacted volumes during the quarter but were resolved within the 

 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
quarter and the region is now back on track. 
 
Excluding Andhra Pradesh, the South cluster grew volumes at 11% year-on-year 
in Q3 FY '26. During this period, the case mix continued to improve, supported by 
a higher contribution from high-end medical oncology work, including 
immunotherapy and CAR-T cell therapies, particularly at the Centre of Excellence 
in Bangalore. In addition, a relatively favourable payor mix with lower exposure 
to scheme volumes in Andhra Pradesh supported ARPP growth for the cluster. 
 
On the growth front, preparations for launch of our North Bangalore and 
Whitefield Green projects are progressing well. The North Bangalore facility with 
a planned capacity of over 120 beds is expected to commence operations by the 
end of Q4 FY '26, with clinician hiring largely completed. It will be the first in 
Bangalore to offer MR-LINAC technology, creating a strong clinical and 
technology-led differentiation. 
 
Additionally, we will also be adding about 20 beds to our existing Centre of 
Excellence in Bangalore by reconfiguring the specs of the hospital, and we believe 
this would further add to our profitable growth. 
 
In the West, the cluster delivered strong revenue growth of 17% year-on-year, 
supported by robust patient inflows across hospitals in Gujarat and Maharashtra.  
 
Performance was led by healthy demand across centres and continued 
strengthening of our regional footprint. Volume growth during Q3 FY26 stood at 
11% year-on-year, driven by the expanded capacity in Ahmedabad, addition of 
key clinicians and focused sales and marketing initiatives. These factors together 
supported higher throughput and improved utilization across hospitals, 
contributing to the overall momentum in the cluster. 
 
Moving to East. The cluster reported a 12% year-on-year revenue growth, driven 
by strong patient inflows in Cuttack and Ranchi alongside the continued ramp-up 
of operations in Kolkata. Volume growth during Q3 FY26 stood at 16% year-on-
year, supported by sustained demand and expanding reach across catchment 
areas. ARPP, however, declined by 3% year-on-year, primarily due to transition in 
the Odisha state government scheme and a case mix change. However, this 
impact was largely offset by a strong volume growth. 
 
During Q3 FY26, cluster leadership in the East was further strengthened with the 
appointment of a new regional business head, bringing over three decades of 
experience in East India markets, which is expected to support execution and 
performance consistency going forward. I am also happy to announce that in line 
with our earlier communication of brownfield expansion in existing high-potential 
centres, we will be adding about 60 beds to our Cuttack Hospital, which is 

 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
expected to be operationalized by the end of FY '27. 
 
Overall, the company exited December on a strong footing across clusters with 
9M FY '26 revenue at INR 1,893 crore and a year-on-year growth of 16% and 
adjusted EBITDA of INR 346 crore with a year-on-year growth of 20%. The EBITDA 
margin for the YTD period is 18.3%, an improvement of 60 basis points versus the 
same period last year. We expect operating momentum to continue into the 
March quarter, supporting solid full year performance. 
 
In terms of returns, pre-tax ROCE stood at 13.3% for the 9M FY '26. We expect 
ROCE to continue to trend higher over time as incremental growth can be 
achieved with relatively limited capital deployment, enabling returns to improve 
as fixed costs are absorbed more efficiently. Our focus remains on achieving the 
full potential of our existing network, disciplined capital allocation and a faster 
ramp-up of newer centres, which together provide a clear pathway to sustained 
improvement in returns. 
 
I would like to reiterate that there is sufficient headroom and incremental growth 
in existing centres to improve ROCE. Also, in the near to medium term, a number 
of centres will reach threshold size, enabling this margin and ROCE expansion. 
 
From a broader perspective, it is important to emphasize that while quarterly 
performance can vary with differences in scale, utilization and seasonality, the 
structural drivers of the business remain firmly intact. Demand for high-quality 
cancer care continues to grow faster than supply and the resilience we have seen 
even during a seasonally softer quarter reinforces our confidence in the 
underlying strength of the business. 
 
To summarize, Q3 FY26 represented a steady financial and operating execution, 
continued progress across regional clusters and improving scale and clinical 
depth. We remain focused on scaling responsibly, strengthening clinical 
leadership and improving operating leverage over time while staying anchored to 
our core objective of delivering superior outcomes for patients. With that, I will 
conclude my opening remarks and would request the moderator to open the floor 
for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
 
The first question is from Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Aliasgar Shakir 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Hi Manish. Thank you so much for the detail and 
the explanation of the quarter and outlook. I have three questions. First question 
is on growth. Now, in the previous call, the analyst call that you did, you had 

 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
indicated that you would aim to grow at about 15%+. Now when I break it up, 
there are three - four levers in which you are exploring growth. Point number one, 
you mentioned even today that the potential of the existing facility is only 60%. 
So, there is a lot of scope to grow from here, right? 
 
Second thing is, we have a plan to add about 1,000 beds from, I think, close to 
about 2,500-2,600 beds. So, cumulatively, if I see the operational bed where we 
are probably 2,000-odd to the overall bed capacity that we will increase to 
probably about 3,500 that could be about close to almost over three to four years, 
a CAGR of approximately high teens growth that we can get from here, plus ARPP 
growth, as you have mentioned, about 5% - 7%. 
 
So, when I add all of this, I see that there is a potential to grow at probably about 
22% - 25% annually for the next three - four years. So, when you are guiding 15%+ 
growth, is it that we are a bit conservative over here? Or are there any risks in the 
business because of which you are building lower growth that we are not able to 
see? If you can just throw some light here. 
Manish Mattoo 
Thanks for that question. I think our, of course, ambition is obviously to grow 
higher than what we have committed. But looking at historical trajectory, looking 
at the competitive intensity, the expansion will not happen at once. I mean, it will 
be in a phased manner. Looking at the pricing sensitivity around cancer care, we 
believe a 15%+ growth should definitely be achievable. But of course, we will gun 
for -- our ambition is -- or aspiration is to do more than that. 
Aliasgar Shakir 
Got it. So, I am not asking probably from a short term, but from a three-year point 
of view, certainly growth could be much higher, right? With the capacity addition 
that we are doing and the potential in our existing facility. 
Manish Mattoo 
We continue to maintain our guidance of 15%+. But as I said, our aspiration would 
be to do better than that. But as of now, the guidance stays the same. 
Aliasgar Shakir 
Got it. Second question on margin. Again, here as well, the room to improve in 
terms of margin from probably about the mid-high teens that we are, to close to 
about where the competition is, upward of above 25% is fairly high. So, while I 
understand that, I mean, there is a lot of existing capacity that we are trying to fill. 
But would you say that in the long term, probably three to four years, the 
potential to reach mid-25% is there? Or inherently, do you think that the stand-
alone facility would have lesser potential for margin improvement? 
Manish Mattoo 
So, Ali, as I said earlier also, if you see the trajectory this year, the fact is that we 
started at 17.5%, are trending at 18.5% for the year so far. And the trajectory will 
continue to be upwards. So, our aspiration, of course, is to be 23% - 24% plus in 
the three-to-four-year period, and we are very confident of delivering that. 

 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
But comparing exactly like-to-like to multi-specialty, that is one way to look at it. 
The other way is to see how the trajectory of the margin is, from 17.5% to go up 
to 24% - 25%, I think is quite steep, which we are gunning for. And I think that 
trajectory is what I think should be interesting rather than the absolute margin 
itself. And I have said it in the past also, some of our mature centres are at 26% - 
27%, and they have delivered that margin consistently over the last couple of 
years. And we are sure that eventually, the organization will converge towards 
that. 
Aliasgar Shakir 
Understood. This is very clear and very useful. Last question, sir, you have 
announced Board meeting for Rights Issue. And I am just trying to understand, I 
mean, our leverage position is very, very comfortable. And the growth plans also 
that we have, I think, should be very well managed. So, if I do the math, probably 
about September, we are about INR 680 crore, right, of net debt. 
 
And probably if the kind of growth guidance that we have, we should be landing 
at a pre-Ind AS EBITDA of upwards of INR 500 crore probably next year, which is, 
I mean, less than 1.5x of net debt to EBITDA, which should definitely take care of 
our payments coming up for Vizag next year plus any maintenance capex. 
 
And still leave you with at least INR 200 crore to INR 300 crore of cash available 
for further growth capex. So, I am just trying to understand what is the reason for 
this fund raise? And do we have any concrete plans to, I mean, utilize these funds 
for growth? 
Manish Mattoo 
So, Ali, we believe that an equity infusion at this stage will strengthen the 
company's balance sheet and the capital structure. And that is directionally why 
the rights issue is there. But at this point in time, that is all I can divulge. But very 
shortly, we will share the specifics after our Board meets. 
Aliasgar Shakir 
Understood. Thank you so much. Really helpful. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. The next question is 
from Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Manish, on our growth plans, which are -- I 
mean, when you think about growth, obviously, apart from when you talked 
about the brownfield and the greenfield, so which are -- if you can probably just 
characterize what are the sort of areas in the current units in the current network 
where you would like to add capacities over the next couple of years? And what 
kind of characteristically are the newer markets, you probably would want to 
reach out to in terms of adding up new units? 
Manish Mattoo 
Yes. Thanks, Nitin, for your question. See, I mean, we are very confident of our 

 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
platform, which is the USP of our platform, which is to deliver clinically superior 
outcomes, treat high complex cancer cases and deliver the best clinical outcomes 
in the country today as far as cancer care is concerned. And hence, as I said, 
marrying that with the existing capacity, there is enough headroom for growth in 
our existing hospitals at our current utilization rates. 
 
So, the growth will happen across the centres, whether it is South, East or West, 
the major cities being Bangalore, AP, Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Ranchi and Kolkata. 
Those will be our main drivers for growth. But in addition to that, I mentioned 
earlier also, there are two very exciting greenfield projects coming up in Bangalore 
itself, which is our core market and which has done very well in the past, one in 
North Bangalore and one in Whitefield. Between the two of them, we will be 
adding about 150 beds. 
 
Now besides that, we are also looking at newer markets. There is a pipeline of 
cities that we are looking at in the West, which is a growing territory for us. and 
also, some of them in the South, too, and that was in the investor deck. So, I would 
say there are 4 - 5 cities too beyond our existing markets where we feel we can 
grow. And the brownfield expansion, as I said, will happen across our major 
centres in Ahmedabad, in Bangalore, in Cuttack and in Mumbai as well. 
Nitin Agarwal 
Okay. And if you can just give us a little bit more update on how the progress has 
been in the business in the Mumbai and the Kolkata markets, because I think 
these were two large metros where we have entered relatively recently, and there 
has been always this question around what could be our competitiveness versus 
the larger multi-specialty players in the bigger cities? 
Manish Mattoo 
Mumbai market has done exceptionally well for us. We have grown quite strongly 
in the whole of last year at high teens. And not just in revenue terms, but in 
EBITDA terms as well, it is been an exponential growth for us. And we feel Mumbai 
market will continue to deliver for us in the years to come. So hence, the 
brownfield expansion in that market is on the cards. In Kolkata, I mean, overall, 
the East market has done well for us. 
 
Kolkata, we have kind of consolidated our position now. It will need infusion of 
additional clinical talent because we feel East market, Kolkata being the central 
and eastern part of the country, has a lot of potential. We made a change in the 
leadership there, and we are confident that with that change, we should be really 
able to ramp up our Kolkata business, too. 
Nitin Agarwal 
And when you look through our network, what proportion of the network, if there 
is a way to characterize that, I mean, where we are probably significantly below 
our, what you call optimal EBITDA levels, where there is an opportunity rather to 
really move up meaningfully. So, what proportion of our revenue would you 

 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
characterize would probably fall in that bracket? 
Manish Mattoo 
So, see, both East and South clusters are doing very well for us as far as EBITDA is 
concerned, some centres are delivering more than 25% - 26% of EBITDA. The 
West, we have seen a significant ramp-up happen in the last year or so, which 
continues to be slightly lower than our average EBITDA. But I think with our 
growth plans, our investment plans in that market, we should be able to ramp it 
up closer to our average company EBITDA, even exceed that number. 
Nitin Agarwal 
And lastly, on -- once you sort of have taken over the business, while there are 
these unit level opportunities which are really there, but are there any sort of 
corporate level -- network level low-hanging fruits that you can target in terms of 
profitability improvement that you can probably highlight? 
Manish Mattoo 
Yes, of course. So, we have started work on that already. In the last four-five 
months, we have started work on several value creation initiatives around 
revenue leakage, reducing revenue leakage, improving conversions. There is work 
that is being done on procurement optimization, and we have seen that flow into 
our margin and EBITDA as well. 
 
We are working on enhancing our clinical density. So, these are three-four 
initiatives which we are driving from the corporate level, and we are already 
seeing impact of that in our expanded EBITDA margins across clusters. We are 
also, across our network, we have a large pool of data coming in from patients. 
We see about 70,000 - 80,000 patients annually that we treat in our network, 
which is a huge pool of data. We are using that to drive more data analytics and 
AI, improve our outcomes, and that is another initiative that we are driving 
besides the ones that I mentioned earlier. 
Nitin Agarwal 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from Devang Patel from Sameeksha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Devang Patel 
Sir, could you delve a bit into what factors led to slower growth in the Southern 
cluster during Q3FY26? And again, if I heard you correctly, you mentioned 
excluding AP, the growth was 11%, whereas in first half, the growth was almost 
19%. So, would our growth, excluding these one-off factors, be again similar to 
H1? That is my first question. 
Manish Mattoo 
So, Devang, thank you for that question. As I mentioned, our growth, excluding 
the normalizing for the AP effect, was 11% year-on-year. Bangalore cluster did 
really well. The strike did impact our volumes because the Vizag market is a big 
market for us where we are the dominant players. The strike continued for 

 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
twenty- twenty-five days, and it did impact the subsequent month volumes as 
well because for cancer, that is the kind of nuance we have. 
 
For a YTD basis, you are looking at a growth of 16% volume growth year-on-year, 
which also had a base effect of MG Hospital Vizag, which we acquired last year. 
But going forward, we expect the growth that we have mentioned about 8% - 10% 
definitely happening in the subsequent quarters with Vizag ramping up and 
Bangalore continuing to do well. 
Devang Patel 
Sorry, I did not understand, what kind of continuing growth we would see in this 
cluster? 
Manish Mattoo 
So, going forward, volume growth of about 10%, we are expecting from this 
market in the subsequent quarters. This will further get augmented as North 
Bangalore gets operationalized at the end of this financial year. 
Devang Patel 
Okay. Understood. My second question was on gross profit margin. In the 
previous two - three years, it was hovering around 75%. And this quarter or last 
two - three quarters, it is been trending down and it is at 72% now. Could you 
explain what is leading to lower gross profit margin? 
Manish Mattoo 
So, Devang, it is largely driven by our case mix change, which is favouring medical 
oncology. The ramp-up in medical oncology and pharmacy costs has been slightly 
margin dilutive, but we are working towards increasing our case mix and 
improving our payor mix, which should offset that in the ensuing quarters. And - 
but the benefit of medical oncology is that we also draw operating leverage from 
it, which contributes positively to our EBITDA. And our main focus is obviously to 
drive EBITDA margins upwards. And there, I feel it is net-net a positive impact. 
Devang Patel 
Okay. Just lastly, I request that with the change in reporting format, we have done 
away with bed or occupancy-related metric. If you could just help us add that in 
the presentation to give us a sense of capacity utilization for every quarter. 
Manish Mattoo 
Yes. So, Devang, so as we had mentioned, going forward, we will stick on two 
metrics, which is largely around volume and ARPP for cancer patients because 
they have a long-term association or dependence on the hospital. So, the long-
term value realization is of more importance to us than the episodic treatment, 
which gets captured in ARPOB. Hence, we would like to stick to these metrics, and 
we will continue to report progress on them every quarter.  
Devang Patel 
Fine, sir. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from Gaurav Tinani from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Gaurav Tinani 
Hi. Good day. So, first question is, have we seen any impact of the new CGHS 
norms, excluding treatment of some high-value chemotherapy drugs during Q3 
FY26? And secondly, also with the GST cut on a lot of these medications, has that 
impact also been felt in this quarter on the revenues and EBITDA, please? 
Manish Mattoo 
Yes. Thanks, Gaurav, for the question. So, I would say as far as GST is concerned, 
there was a marginal impact on the top line as well as margin and we were able 
to offset that by some initiatives that we took within the organization around 
pricing and consumption. So that’s been offset because of that. 
 
As far as CGHS is concerned, yes, there was some immediate impact, but we have 
been able to offset that too by changing consumption patterns in our hospitals. 
And also, the fact that overall, at an overall company level, it does not contribute 
much to our business for now, it is a neutral impact, so to speak. A lot of work has 
happened on these two fronts to make it -- make sure that it does not impact us 
going forward as well. 
Gaurav Tinani 
Got it. Separately, with this strike in Andhra, can you just quantify how many days 
did that kind of affect the business? And did that also had an adverse impact on 
the working capital also being stretched at least for Q3 with some receivable days 
going up and that payment should happen in the next few quarters? 
Manish Mattoo 
So, it did have a material impact on our volumes, because about -- we lost about 
twenty-twenty five days of working, and that did have an impact on the November 
volumes as well. But now that growth is coming back to us. I mean, that effect has 
been normalized. As far as receivables are concerned, in fact, we have got a good 
flow of money coming in from that segment. 
 
The fact that Q3 had a billing of about INR 25 crore, but we had a net receivable 
addition benefit of INR 5 crore. So, net-net, there is a positive flow from the 
government side as far as the receivables are concerned. And Q4 also looks very 
good from that perspective for us for that market. 
Gaurav Tinani 
Got it. Very encouraging. Last two clarifications. So, I think first one would be, 
there was a -- within this quarter, there was an announcement of onetime 
amendment to the founder’s contract of INR 2 crore. So, is that onetime impact 
in the Q3 results? And secondly, it is a resolute margin for this quarter despite 
these disruptions or transient impacts. Q4 with the new Bangalore Greenfield 
coming on, would that be a temporary drag that you see in Q4 margins versus Q3? 
Manish Mattoo 
So, to your first question, the impact of that amendment will come in Q4. We have 
not taken that in Q3. And to your second question, obviously, Q4 is trending better 
than Q3. And our hope is that it will be the best quarter for us this financial year. 
But the impact of North Bangalore, we will only be able to see in Q1 coming in 

 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
because from the time of operationalizing to the business impact will probably 
take us a quarter. 
Gaurav Tinani 
Got it. Thank you so much. All the best. I will join back the queue. 
Manish Mattoo 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from Sumukh from Korman Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sumukh 
Hi. So, my question is on the operating margins and the ROCE sir. So, it is been 
historically low when I compare it to a multi-specialty hospital. So, is there 
anything structurally different in cancer care specialty hospital because it is more 
equipment heavy and you have relatively smaller hospitals, which is leading to 
lower margins and ROCE’s? 
Manish Mattoo 
Yes. So, see, traditionally, if you see historically, many of our Centres of Excellence 
have done extremely well when it comes to ROCE. They are clocking an ROCE of 
28% - 29%, close to 30% also. So, structurally, I do not think there is anything 
wrong. It is just that 50% of our centres, if you see today they are around eight to 
ten years old. 
 
And that is why the impact that we will see in the ensuing years as they mature 
and we see more operating leverage coming in, the ROCE will significantly 
improve. And we have stated that as well. So, I feel it is not a question of any 
fundamental issues with the business. It is a question of the maturity of our 
centres that is impacting the ROCE to this level. 
 
And second point is that with our capex outlay that we have planned now for the 
next four-five years, after FY '27, the EBITDA growth rate will outpace the capex 
deployed -- capital deployed growth rate by a good margin, and that will flow 
directly into ROCE. So, we feel we are confident of delivering the ROCE margins 
that we have committed in our Investor Day deck of about 20% in the next four 
to five years. 
Sumukh 
Okay, sir. And this 30% margin, sir, at what maturity would the hospital ideally be 
achieving this? 
Manish Mattoo 
So, we have seen that when a centre crosses INR 10 crore per month revenue, the 
ROCE impact improves significantly. And we have seen that trend in the last year 
as well. So, going forward, as more and more centres mature, I feel from a current 
13.5%, we should be progressively moving towards 20% margin at a company 
level. By maturity, I mean the revenue threshold, not the age of the hospital. 
Sumukh 
Okay. Thank you. 

 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from Rajat Srivastava from Tata Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajat Srivastava 
Thanks for taking my question. Manish, my first question is that what percentage 
of your revenues is coming from patients who have probably had the first line of 
treatment or first treatment in some multi-specialty hospitals and for whatever 
reason, they were not happy with their treatment, so they have come to HCG for 
that. And I just want to understand how much of your revenues are coming from 
those patients? Because you claim that probably you are one of the best in cancer 
care. 
Manish Mattoo 
Yes. Rajat, very interesting question. So, actually, a good chunk of our patients 
come in after having taken an opinion at a multi-specialty hospital. I can come 
back to you with the exact figures, but my estimate is around 45% patients come, 
which is a large chunk. But going forward, we want to kind of focus on the first 
opinions also strongly because that is a big pipeline that we see growing. While 
our Centres of Excellence will get the second and third opinions, which is really 
the moat that we build on. But I think going forward, this will come down a bit, 
while the overall pie will increase. 
Rajat Srivastava 
All right. And also, what percentage is medical tourism for you? And probably if 
you can tell us what are you doing to promote that? Because that turns out to be 
a big thing for Indian health care system. 
Manish Mattoo 
Currently, it is about 3.5%, Rajat, and our endeavour is to take it to about 7% in 
the next four years. The way that we are thinking about is that there are some 
traditional markets which have channelled into HCG hospitals. And today, 
oncology comprises about 25% - 30% of our overall - of the overall medical value 
travel in the country. So, it is the largest, fastest-growing specialty on MVT on an 
overall basis, and we feel this segment is going to grow even further. And hence, 
we are deploying the resources, both people and infrastructure in our major six 
to seven markets to draw into this growth. 
Rajat Srivastava 
But any reason, Manish, that this number is at 3% right now? Because I think for 
other hospitals, it is closer to 10% already. So, was it not a focus area for us till 
now and it is now? Like, can you elaborate on it? 
Manish Mattoo 
So, yes, I mean, for us, domestic has done extremely well, and that was the focus 
area. But we feel that since oncology, post-COVID particularly, has grown rapidly. 
And hence, our focus is now on leveraging on this channel as much as possible. 
And one more factor why we have not done so well is that our centres, except for 
Bangalore centre are not located in metros, which typically get the bulk of these 
patients like Delhi and Chennai, for example. 

 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
So, with now our expansion in Bombay, for example, and Kolkata expanding its 
footprint and increasing in size and Bangalore, of course, is our Centre of 
Excellence, we are confident of increasing this piece of business for the 
organization. 
Rajat Srivastava 
Great. Manish, if I can squeeze one more. So, you mentioned that your bed 
centres are operating at 25% - 26% EBITDA margin levels and probably closer to 
30% ROCE. Can you tell us what is the number of beds - out of the 2,200 beds 
which we have currently, how many beds would be operating at that level? 
Manish Mattoo 
So, Rajat, if you can -- I can come back to you with the exact number, but our 
investor deck has a reference to this, so you may want to check that. Otherwise, 
we can come back to you with details, more specific details. I do not have that 
number offhand. The exact number of beds. 
Rajat Srivastava 
Got it. All right. Thanks, Manish and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from Aditya Khemka from InCred Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khemka 
Hi, good afternoon. Beyond the two facilities in Bangalore, those are mentioned 
in the investor presentation, can you share some more granular details on where 
we should expect the incremental beds to come from? 
Manish Mattoo 
So, Aditya, the incremental beds will come from across the organization, as an 
example, Vizag; Kolkata; Cuttack, I have mentioned; Ranchi will have some bed 
expansion; KR Road, which I said Bangalore, our flagship; Ahmedabad; Bhavnagar 
and Borivali. So, I would say across seven-eight centres, we will see bed expansion 
varying between 20 - 60 beds. 
 
But the large chunk will come from Bangalore. The largest chunk will come from 
Bangalore. 
Aditya Khemka 
Right. Over the last 3 years, incremental part of our revenue was from the 
established centres and the mix was north of 80% - 85%. On our outlook on 
directional improvement in margins, how do we think about balancing growth and 
margins going forward? Whether we should be balanced about the fact that there 
is going to be material growth in new beds, which could impact EBITDA margins 
going forward? 
Manish Mattoo 
So, going forward, about 80% of our margin growth, in absolute terms is going to 
come from existing centres. About 10% - 12% is going to come from brownfield 
expansion in the cities that I mentioned and about 5% - 6% will come from 
greenfield expansion, which is going to be a very calibrated and prudent approach 
as far as capital allocation is concerned. 

 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Aditya Chheda 
Got it. Those are my questions. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask questions, may press star and one. The 
next question is from Aryamaan Pawar from Prudent Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Aryamaan Pawar 
Yes. Hi, sir. So, you had called out the 15%+ sales growth number. So, can you 
maybe just break this down into ARPP growth and volume growth? That will be 
really helpful. And maybe if you could call out future capex for FY '27 and '28, that 
will be really helpful? 
Manish Mattoo 
So, our -- the breakup for the 15%+ is about 10% will come from volume growth 
and about 5% will come from ARPP growth. For capex this year, our expected 
closure is about INR 275 crore - INR 280 crore of capex and next year, probably 
about 10% - 12% higher than that. 
Aryamaan Pawar 
Okay. Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. That was the last question in queue. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management team for any closing comments. 
Manish Mattoo 
Thank you so much. I would thank everybody who participated and asked some 
very insightful questions. And it was a wonderful interaction and hope that we 
continue to exchange these insights from time-to-time, not just on these calls and 
look forward to meeting you again next quarter. Thank you so much. Have a 
wonderful day. On behalf of team executives, we would like to thank you all. 
Thank you. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure 
a high level of accuracy.  
 
