SANGHVI MOVERS LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Survey No. 92, Tathawade, 
Taluka - Mulshi, Pune, Maharashtra - 411033, INDIA.  
Tel. 
: 020-66744700, 020-27400700 
E-mail 
: sanghvi@sanghvicranes.com 
Web 
: www.sanghvicranes.com 
CIN No.: L29150PN1989PLC054143 
 
REF: SML/SEC/SE/25-26/72     
      
 
                     
 
 
February 13, 2026  
   
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited                                    
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Scrip Code: 530073 
Symbol: SANGHVIMOV  
 
Subject:  Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on unaudited financial results for the quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Further to our letter dated February 04, 2026, and in terms of Regulation 30 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,  
please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings conference call held on February 09, 2026 relating 
to the financial results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025.  
 
The same is also available on the website of the Company at www.sanghvicranes.com.  
 
The above is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vinav Agarwal 
Company Secretary & 
Chief Compliance Officer 
ACS: 40751 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
VINAV 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
VINAV AGARWAL 
Date: 2026.02.13 
15:20:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Sanghvi Movers Limited 
Q3 & 9 Months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GAURANG DESAI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
 
MR. PRADEEP MEHTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 
MR. PRAJWAL KUMAR – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
 
 
MR. AKSHAY PORE – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, and a warm welcome, everyone, to Q3 and 9 Months FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Sanghvi Movers Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note, the investor presentation and the financial 
results are available on the company website and the stock exchange. 
 
Also, anything said on this call, which reflects our outlook for the future or which could be 
construed as a forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risk that the 
company faces. The conference call is being recorded and the transcript along with audio of the 
same will be made available on the website of the company as well as on the exchanges. Please 
also note that the audio of the conference call is the copyright material of Sanghvi Movers 
Limited and cannot be copied, rebroadcasted or attributed in the press or media without specific 
and written consent of the company. 
 
From the management, we have with us Mr. Gaurang Desai, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. 
Pradeep Mehta, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Prajwal Kumar, Chief Business Officer; and Mr. 
Akshay Pore, Chief Strategy Officer. 
 
Now I request Mr. Pradeep Mehta, Chief Financial Officer of Sanghvi Movers Limited, to 
provide you with the updates for the quarter and 9 months ended 31st December 2025. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Yes, good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Let me begin by briefly 
covering our financial performance, and then I will address some of the key areas that were 
discussed in prior interaction with the investors, so we can provide better clarity on our operating 
model, seasonality, capital allocation and growth trajectory. 
 
So business performance overview. This quarter reflects the continued strength of demand 
across infrastructure, renewables, metal, cement, hydrocarbon and core industrial segment. Our 
top line performance remained aligned with the annual trajectory we had outlined at the start of 
the year and execution momentum remains healthy across both domestic and Middle East 
operations. 
 
While quarterly movement may show volatility, our focus remains on annual performance, 
operating stability and disciplined capital deployment. On utilization and seasonability 
framework, one of the most important operating metrics for our business is the crane utilization. 
Our business has well-established seasonal pattern. The second quarter of every financial year 
typically reflects softer utilization due to monsoon-linked site mobilization schedule. 
 
What is important is not quarter-to-quarter movement, but the annual utilization band. We 
continue to operate within a long-term stable utilization range of approximately 75% to 80%. 

 
Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
As we move into third quarter, the utilization level has already normalized in line with historical 
trends, and we remain confident of exiting the year within our targeted annual band. 
 
Our Middle East operations will also help smooth seasonal fluctuation over time as geographic 
diversification increases. On margin, this is a year of investment phase, not structural pressure. 
During the current year, the margin reflects deliberate investments into capability building rather 
than the structural cost pressure. So we have expanded our operating base, strengthened safety 
and training infrastructure and build local capability in Saudi operations and enhanced system 
to support a larger and more sophisticated fleet. 
 
These investments are necessary to capture the next multiyear growth cycle. So as new assets 
are deployed and utilized, utilization improves, operating leverage strengthens. We therefore, 
expect margin normalization as we progress through the second half with further improvement 
as we enter FY '27. Our order book quality and revenue visibility, the demand visibility remains 
strong. 
 
A substantial portion of current year revenue is already secured through confirmed order and 
repeat client relationships across wind, steel, cement, hydrocarbon and large infrastructure 
projects. Our order book is characterized by long-standing customer relationships and staggered 
execution schedule that support predictable fleet deployment. Timing difference between quarter 
may occur, but demand fundamentals remain robust. 
 
On Middle East operations, our Middle East platform continue to scale steadily. The first year 
of operation in any new geography is always mobilization led, and we are seeing strong inquiry 
pipeline and encouraging client engagement. The pricing dynamics in the region are favourable. 
While operating costs are higher than India, the yield profile remains healthy and asset level 
economics are broadly aligned with our return framework. 
 
As scale builds through FY '26 and '27, operating efficiency improves and contribution become 
more meaningful. On capital allocation and return discipline, so our capital allocation remained 
disciplined throughout the year and every capex decision is evaluated under a return framework 
focused on utilization, yield and long-term return on capital employed. 
 
Our medium-term operating anchor remains utilization in the range of 75% to 80% band. 
EBITDA margins are structurally healthy with operating leverage benefit as fleet scales. ROCE 
is targeted mid-teens range on deployed capital. These anchors guide our growth strategy and 
ensure balance sheet strength remain intact. 
 
On working capital, the receivable movement during the previous quarter largely reflects billing 
and milestones timing across multiple sites. Collections have accelerated during the current 
quarter, and we expect working capital metrics to normalize in line with historical levels. 
 
There is no structural stress on working capital. So SML today is transitioning from domestic 
equipment rental leader into a multi-country infrastructure service platform with deeper client 
relationships, higher visibility and diversified growth engines. FY '26 is a year of investments, 
fleet mobilization and geographic scaling. FY '27 and FY '28 are positioned to benefit from 
operating leverages as these assets and capability reach full productivity. So we remain 

 
Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
committed to stable utilization, disciplined margins, strong cash generation and long-term value 
creation. 
 
Thank you, and we trust that all the investors have reviewed the financial results available on 
the stock exchange and the investor presentation published on our website. To optimize time for 
Q&A, I will avoid repeating information already in the public domain. However, we can address 
any financial details during the Q&A session, if required. 
 
So I will now hand over to my colleague, Mr. Gaurang Desai, to share the business outlook. 
Over to you, Gaurang. After that, we will open the floor for question-and-answer. 
Gaurang Desai: 
Thank you, Pradeep, so much. And once again, good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for 
joining us today. On behalf of the Board and the entire team of our company, I would like to 
begin by sincerely thanking all our investors for your continued trust, confidence and long-term 
partnership. Your belief in our journey enables us to keep building stronger, more resilient and 
a future-ready organization. 
 
Before we kind of get into the business, in the last call, there was mention about what is Elevate 
2030. So I said let me take this opportunity and brief on our vision of Elevate 2030. So Elevate 
2030 is a multiyear transformation agenda designed to be the high performance, globally 
competitive and anchored around 6 core pillars. 
Number one, geographical expansion. So we have already seen successful entry into the KSA 
market. And we are particularly excited that we have secured our first order outside of KSA in 
Botswana, making our entry into a new region and opening the door to long-term opportunities 
across Africa. 
 
This milestone reflects global trust in our capability, execution strength and reliability. People 
and culture first. So we believe in developing leadership and culture in the organization. Here, I 
would like to say that we have been consciously strengthening not our assets and market 
presence, but our culture because we truly believe empowered people who take ownership on 
the ground are central to our vision of Elevate 2030. 
 
Customer-centric approach. Our solution-led engagement and deeper customer partnership are 
driving sustained confidence and repeat business, strengthening our position in key markets. 
Technology and digitization. Digitizing process for scalability, transparency, better decision-
making remains core to Elevate 2030, enable faster response times and improved operational 
control. 
 
Financial growth. So Elevate 2030 is enabling us to build a stronger leadership bench, more 
resilient system, a growing international footprint, disciplined and profitable growth. Elevate 
2030 is not a fixed financial target or a rigid business plan. It is a long-term transformation 
framework designed to consistently evolve our company into stronger, more scalable, globally 
competitive organization. 

 
Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
At its core is building the engines that sustainably drive growth rather than chasing short-term 
numbers. Together, these pillars are shaping of how we operate, how we win the business and 
how we scale. 
 
I will now share a brief overview of business outlook. So your company continues to 
demonstrate strong momentum and exhibition resilience. As on December 25, our consolidated 
order book stood at around INR1,800 crores, out of which around INR1,200 crores are 
executable in this financial year. This robust order book provides strong revenue visibility for 
the financial year. 
 
Further reinforcing this momentum, our inquiry pipeline has expanded to almost INR2,000 
crores, INR3,000 crores, reflecting sustained demand and high customer confidence across all 
our core markets. 
 
Let me give a quick overview of the markets as well. India's growth, we believe, is driven by 
on-ground execution rather than the policy intent alone. Infrastructure, renewables, energy, 
industrial are translating into real projects. The Union Budget announced a record capital 
expenditure of INR12.2 lakh crores. That's an 11% year-on-year increase. This also reinforced 
government multiyear commitment to roads, railway, port logistics, et cetera. 
 
Renewable capacity continues at a scale with almost 5.5 gigawatt added in 2025. Core industries 
such as steel, cement, refineries, thermal continue to see healthy activity driven by capacity 
expansion, brownfield expansion. And this diversification also reduces cyclicity and provides 
stability across markets. 
 
So now I open the floor to the Q&A. Thank you so much once again. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Deepan Sankara Narayanan from TrustLine Holdings 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Deepan Narayanan: 
Congratulations for strong crane hiring revenue growth during this quarter. So firstly, from my 
side, though we have very strong capex plan for FY '26, but this revenue execution has slowed 
down during Q3. So is management actually witnessing capex spend slowing down on the 
ground? And do we expect this execution picking up in the upcoming quarters? 
Gaurang Desai: 
So, thank you for the question. And we have a capex plan of INR629 crores, out of which 
substantial portion has already been delivered, more so in the last quarter. And we are expecting 
further deliveries from OEM. So around INR121 crores of capex is pending in India and INR147 
crores is balance in Saudi. So we anticipate that this will be fulfilled over Q4, and we will be 
able to see the benefits of it going in the next financial year. 
Deepan Narayanan: 
Okay. That I got it, sir. But are we seeing capex spend slowing down in the ground? That's what 
I wanted to get the facts from you? 
Gaurang Desai: 
Sir, as I mentioned that we don't see a slowdown happening in the market because as I 
mentioned, that our inquiry pipeline has increased to almost INR2,900 crores, and we are seeing 
traction in all the core industries. I hope I have answered your question. 

 
Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Deepan Narayanan: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. And from the last year numbers, we have increased the capex substantially. 
So what kind of capex spend are we planning or anticipating for FY '27? Are this kind of run 
rate will sustain next year also? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Sir, we are running that budgeting process in the company. And once this budget is approved by 
the Board of Directors, we'll reveal about the capex for the next financial year, sir. 
Deepan Narayanan: 
Okay. Okay. And one last question from my side, specific to this wind EPC segment. So we 
have seen sharp degrowth in revenues and also, margins also have come lower as compared to 
year-on-year and Q-on-Q. So what are the key reasons for that? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
So for projects, wind EPC and all this business, normally, the timing difference between the 
quarter may occur. But fundamental demand remains robust. And as we go ahead, it will convert 
it. So we have to look from the annual basis, because see, quarter-on-quarter, it may move some 
volatility, but our focus remains on annual performance and then operational stability, and we 
are disciplined in capital deployed. 
Gaurang Desai: 
So also, if you see the numbers, in 9 months of this financial year, we are almost equal to the 
last financial year. So we are seeing a good traction in terms of revenues there as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krupa Desai from Electrum Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Krupa Desai: 
Yes. Sir, firstly, I wanted to know what is our gross debt right now? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Gross debt will be around INR650-plus crores number. 
Krupa Desai: 
Okay. And sir, going ahead, how do we see the finance cost and the depreciation?  
Pradeep Mehta: 
So the depreciation is basically as new assets are capitalized, depreciation will increase in line 
with the fleet expansion. But this is a part of growth rate. So over time, what will happen the 
higher utilization and the revenue scale up will support operating leverages against this step-up. 
Krupa Desai: 
And sir, in this quarter, wind EBITDA margin was as per our guidance, 10% to 12% because 
you haven't given the margins in the presentation? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
So ma'am, you take on a YTD basis, which is we already guided in the past also. The margin in 
this business is between the range of 10% to 12%. And the quarterly variations happen, but you 
have to look from the long-term angle. 
Krupa Desai: 
Okay, sir. for the next quarter in the presentation, you had mentioned that INR500 crores of 
order execution is pending. So can we expect INR500 crores of revenue in the next quarter? And 
of the order book, how much is from the crane and how much is from the EPC business? Can 
you guide that? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Yes. About the order achievement in this quarter 4, there is a 10% to 15% variation is possible 
because of a lot of reasons from the client side and other side. So variation is possible. We are 

 
Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
targeting our best to get the number, INR1,000-plus crores revenue we are targeting for the 
current year, conservative. 
Krupa Desai: 
Okay. And sir, of the order book, how much is crane rental and how much is EPC? 
Gaurang Desai: 
Ma'am, also in past, we have never given forward guidance. And this also we would like to 
request you to avoid it because it's also competitive data in nature. 
Pradeep Mehta: 
So, ma'am, what happened, while we do not provide this granular breakup what you are asking, 
but the overall structure of the book remains consistent. And with our historical model, we are 
dominating by crane rental led work and that staggered execution schedule and repeated 
customers. So demand fundamental remains healthy. And also this SFRL, this wind project EPC, 
they feed the SML crane requirement. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Jain: 
Yes. Sir, if I see your segmental information, the crane hiring EBIT is around INR49 crores as 
against last quarter INR50 crores, whereas our revenue are substantially higher as compared to 
last year. And also our utilization and yield are also higher than last year. So was there any one-
off expenses because of that EBIT has declined quarter-on-quarter? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
There are certain exceptional items are also there, which is given on the P&L statement. 
Exceptional items basically on the Labour Code impact, we have, I think we have provided in 
the books of account. And there is some assets which is damaged. So we have put up in the P&L 
conservatively. The insurance claim is under process. 
Sunil Jain: 
So can you quantify how much is the total amount for that? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
On group level, it is INR8 crores. Total amount is INR8 crores, which is charged in this quarter 
for the current year. It's already given in the results, and we have spoken also for that. 
Sunil Jain: 
Fine, fine. That exceptional item was INR8.4 crores, which you are talking about? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Yes, yes. 
Sunil Jain: 
Okay. Okay. Adjusted to that, the things will get normalized? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Krishna Agarwal from Mangal Keshav 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Krishna Agarwal: 
Yes, sir. So I have two questions to ask. So the first one is, sir, I have a question regarding our 
expansion strategy. So sir, recently, we have expanded into Saudi Arabia. Now we see SML 
expanding simultaneously into Botswana, South Africa and now in Qatar. So sir, what gives you 
the confidence of the reason to diversify across multiple geographies at the same time instead of 
like first scaling up in one market and then expanding gradually into others? 

 
Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
And sir, what is the strategic rationale behind this back-to-back international expansion in such 
a short span of time? And sir, more importantly, what are the key execution risk or potential 
downsides that we might see going forward? 
Akshay Pore: 
So firstly, thank you for asking this question. So the basic rationale behind the KSA expansion, 
if you look at our vision, which will talk about delighting the world by providing sustainable 
and scalable engineering solution. So with this thought when we come up with a very executable 
framework, which allows us to deliver on this vision, very early, we started thinking of how we 
can grow beyond India as a market after 35 years. 
 
And Saudi was the obvious choice because of the kind of growth room it is offering for next 5 
to 10 years. And that's where we decided to grow into Saudi. So to give you some outlook on 
the Saudi, Saudi is going to grow at Saudi crane rental market, we are expecting to grow at 1.7x 
in coming 5 years and which is backed by multiple agendas starting with the Vision 2030 of 
Saudi and they wanted to avoid their overdependence from oil and gas where they are trying to 
invest heavily into transport and tourism, construction, chemicals, and energy projects. 
 
So  which allows Sanghvi to take this expansion leap. And very early when we started deploying 
our manpower and assets into the market, we realized that we have developed a repeatable 
capacity, and we wanted to capitalize on this capacity. So especially talking about Qatar, we are 
not looking at each of the country in GCC market very separately. 
 
For us, it is a one engine growth, and we are looking at that because there are a lot of options to 
cross synergize the benefits by expanding into GCC region. In fact, it is one of the agenda. The 
question you asked is about how -- what are the risks you are exposing yourself to. And we do 
not want to expose all our capital investment to one country in the new region. And that's where 
the idea of Qatar is coming in. And we are not going in different countries with the different 
tracks. 
 
We are following our customers. So whatever customer connects we have established with Saudi 
market, we have a leadership team, which is very, very capable to transfer these capabilities and 
get business into different countries. So we are following our customers. We have got our first 
inquiries from Qatar, and we are serving those inquiries with the common leadership from SML. 
 
At the same time, Botswana, again, as I said, it was a very, very interesting opportunity by the 
same logic of following the customer. And when customer offered us to work with them in the 
global territory of Botswana, we evaluated multiple options to serve our customer. And when it 
was win-win for both of us, we agreed to take this order. 
And we are very, very clear that while delivering or we are interested, excited about this order, 
we are not giving up on our strategic framework or our 6 pillars, which Gaurang talked about 
earlier in the Elevate 2030. We are keeping our eyes on the financial framework. We are keeping 
eyes on what kind of benefits, returns we are getting. We are having our eyes on the risk and 
how we can cover all these risks.  
Krishna Agarwal: 
Yes. And sir, my second question was regarding tower cranes. So sir, since Sanghvi Movers 
operates a large fleet of over 485 cranes across major categories. So sir, why does Sanghvi 

 
Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Movers currently does not offer tower cranes on rental basis, given the rising construction 
demand for tall buildings as well as redevelopment and restructuring of existing small buildings 
into taller ones? 
 
So sir, tower cranes appears to present a significant opportunity in the long-term and the near-
term, too. And also, sir, as you know, these cranes typically generate long-term sticky rental 
revenue as they remain deployed for the full construction cycle of a building that is until a 
building is fully constructed. So sir, thereby providing revenue visibility and stability for the 
long-term for Sanghvi Movers if they diversify into this crane rental segment. So sir, what's your 
opinion on this? 
Akshay Pore: 
So, thank you very much for the question again. But if you look at when we earlier spoke about 
11 pillars of product portfolio expansion, this exactly means that we remain interested in 
exploring the opportunities about diversifying our products from crawler and tire-mounted 
cranes. 
 
But at the same time, it is very important to realize that there are 5C framework which we follow. 
And basically, it talks about customer, competencies, cost, channel and competition. So as long 
as there is an overlap when we are expanding into any new product category, if it allows us to 
work with any of these files, then we are very, very eager and we are very excited to take our 
lead into this new business. And we have done that with a couple of other products and maybe 
Mr. Gaurang can add to that. 
Gaurang Desai: 
So we have already done that. So for example, last year, we have an understanding with a 
company called Mt&t, where we have gone into spiders. So we lease out spider cranes to them. 
You must have also seen news articles on association with KSA. So as a company, in our journey 
for Elevate 2030, we are evaluating all these options, but with a framework or a perspective in 
mind. 
Akshay Pore: 
And just to give you a complete closure, specifically about your question on tower cranes, we 
believe that the tower cranes require different competencies. The kind of competencies we have 
with our cranes are completely different than the tower crane operations. So yes, we can explore 
that opportunity only if we believe that there is a competency with which we can differentiate 
from the existing players. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Aashish from InvesQ PMS. Please go ahead. 
Aashish: 
Yes. Just wanted some details on the domestic market. How do you see the utilization for your 
cranes and the yields shaping up? Some details on this would help. What are you seeing on the 
ground and also on the competitive intensity there on the ground and stuff. 
 
Second is on the Saudi and EPC businesses that we have. So is it possible to give us some 
framework as to what kind of scale are we looking at in what time frame here? Because what 
we understand is the logic is to expand our skill set into newer geographies so that we have better 
scale in the overall operations. So if you could help us with this, maybe what are you looking at 
maybe 1 or 2 years down the line on these newer geographies that will help us to visualize where 
Sanghvi Movers is moving? 

 
Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Gaurang Desai: 
So it's a very interesting question. As compared to domestic market, I did touch upon that we 
are looking at growth and there's growth in all the sectors. And Elevate is especially being kind 
of derived or dreamt of us so that we are able to kind of set the direction of where we want to 
go.  
Saudi and wind EPC, so it will tantamount to kind of giving a forward guidance, which we avoid. 
However, the growth momentum what your company is able to achieve, I think that would be 
sustainable in times to come. 
Aashish: 
Okay. But sir, any details on this thing because being shareholders, we would be interested in 
understanding what the management's thought process is in the Saudi business.  
Akshay Pore: 
Yes. so specifically, when we spoke about Saudi business earlier, we are expecting the market 
to kind of double its capacity, especially on the crane rental side in the next 5 years. And we 
have entered last year. And the initial idea was to get our MVP right, which is a minimum value 
proposition by entering and following our key clients and entering with the products which are 
in demand. 
 
So I think very early, we have tested a success. And now we remain very bullish on our 
investments with the very high-quality leadership team we have got. And we are looking at 
gaining a market share of almost 5% in the next 3 to 5 years, which may ask us to keep very 
relevant capital investment into the business. 
 
But yes, we are trying to explore our ways into the more stable market, which is more towards 
oil and gas. So we are trying to crack that market. As of today, our exposure is mainly towards 
infrastructure market, which is very easier market to crack. But going forward, we'll be focused 
on oil and gas also. And just to say that we are eyeing 5% market share in the next 3 to 5 years. 
Aashish: 
Okay. Sir, just a small request. Is it possible to share some e-mail ID, contact numbers so that 
we can get in touch with your Investor Relations team? Because we've not been able to get in 
touch till now. It's been pretty difficult getting through. So could you share with investors? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Definitely. E&Y is our Investor Relationship, we have engaged them, and we'll ask them to 
connect you. 
Aashish: 
Please, sir, because last quarter also, I tried, but it was difficult to get through. Thank you. 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Yes. Even you can write to Company Secretary also, e-mail ID is given and E&Y is also 
available. So there are two channels available to connect with us. 
Aashish: 
Okay. Would like to have maybe a detailed conversation one-on-one that will help us to 
understand? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Sure. Definitely. Sure. You are welcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Pranav from Prudent Equity. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Pranav: 
Yes. So my question was like majority of our revenues come from the wind sector, right? So 
how do you foresee the demand in this wind and renewable sector? 
Prajwal Kumar: 
So see, as of now, we have a strong order book position in terms of the orders also, what Gaurang 
has already informed, we have INR1,800 crores of order book to be executed, out of which 
INR700 crores is executed, and we are hoping to reach INR1,000 crores by end of this year, and 
further, we have remaining already secured for the upcoming year. And we are seeing a lot of 
momentum in this segment. This year, country has installed record number of turbines and 
turbines got getting commissioned also. 
Pranav: 
When do you expect the Saudi business to breakeven? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
So as we have repeatedly told in our last meetings also, we are expecting 12 to 14 months, we 
are expecting for breakeven time for Saudi. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Bhagwat from Prosperity Wealth 
Management Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Bhagwat: 
My question is regarding the balance revenue to be booked for the year. So that's approximately 
INR500 crores is what's mentioned in the presentation. So you mentioned that around 15% of 
the order book may spill over to the next year. Just wanted to know, is this 15% estimated on 
the total executable order of INR1,200 crores for the year or on the pending revenue execution 
of INR500 crores? 
Gaurang Desai: 
So just to reiterate and thank you for asking. We have a total order book of INR1,860 crores and 
executable order in this year is around INR1,200 crores. And our revenue guidance always has 
been that we will touch INR1,000-plus crores. So that leaves almost INR600 crores of order to 
be spilled to the next year. I hope I've answered your question. 
Bhagwat: 
My question was on the remaining INR500 crores that we expect to execute during the year. So  
15%, is this calculated on the INR1,200 crores or INR500 crores? Just wanted to understand that 
point, some clarity on that. 
Pradeep Mehta: 
You can consider conservatively on INR1,200 crores. 
Bhagwat: 
So my second question with regards to the antidumping duty on import of certain cranes from 
China. So when do we expect this final notification for implementation? And what would be the 
impact on Sanghvi's business? If you could comment on this, please? 
Gaurang Desai: 
So there was a notification, but after that, I think things have been quiet. And we are also not in 
a position to gain any inside information on the sale. So it's a status quo as of now. 
Bhagwat: 
Okay. Whenever it happens, so what could be the impact on our business? 
Gaurang Desai: 
So it's a very good question and also very difficult to comprehend because industry as a whole 
will get affected below a particular capacities. We hope that this can also lead to margins 
improving. 

 
Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Bhagwat: 
We can expect increase in margin whenever it happens, right? 
Gaurang Desai: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Richa from Equitymaster. Please go ahead. 
Richa: 
Sir, while you're not sharing like what order book breakup is like going forward 2 to 3 years 
from now, do you expect the share of rental itself to come below 60%? If there is any kind of -- 
because the margin profile is very different in your rental and EPC business. So if you could just 
give us a broad idea of where do you want this mix to be over 3 to 5 years? 
Gaurang Desai: 
So, Richa, thank you for asking. And ideally, we would like to maintain the parity what we have 
in terms of our crane rental and EPC business. And that's the reason we are looking at 
international expansions. So we hope to maintain it. And that's why you're seeing a lot of 
expansions happening. We are going out of India. International clients are requesting us to come 
with them in their all journey of international projects. 
Richa: 
And sir, your revenue from the wind EPC itself, like I think it was very high, INR1,000-plus 
crores in June in terms of execution. And after that, there was a monsoon period where it got 
curtailed. But even in the third quarter, I think it's in the same range. So I mean, what kind of 
traction or what kind of challenges are you seeing there? 
Gaurang Desai: 
So ma'am, as I pointed out that wind EPC, in 9 months, we have reached the last year's number. 
So there's definitely a growth. I mean you appreciate that wind EPC and EPC per se, there are a 
lot of uncertainties in terms of ROWs, land acquisition. So revenue quarter-to-quarter, it may 
not be a right perspective to see. But on a yearly basis, I think things should even out. 
Richa: 
Okay. And sir, within this pipeline of INR29 billion odd, like can you just share some kind of 
further details like where is the demand more strong, which segments are showing strong 
momentum? And given this order book, I mean, is it a fair assumption that your capex will be 
higher than what it was this year? 
Gaurang Desai: 
So ma'am, answering your first question, I think you're kind of referring to the inquiry pipeline 
of INR2,900 crores, if I understand you correctly. 
Richa: 
Yes. 
Gaurang Desai: 
And ma'am, you would appreciate that we are a listed company, and this is a sensitive 
information and also it's a competitive sensitive information. So we would not be in a position 
to share that. And in terms of capex, I think, again, to reiterate the point that INR629 Cr capex 
is planned for this financial year. And the benefits of which we will see in next year. 
Richa: 
Okay. But I mean, some kind of directional sense whether it can be higher or would you like to 
maintain it at similar levels? 
Gaurang Desai: 
Ma'am, we are in the process of making a business plan. And unless we take it to our Board, we 
are not allowed to share you, capex. I hope you understand, ma'am. 

 
Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Richa: 
Yes, yes. Sure. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Agarwal from Moneyore Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead.  
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Sir, I'm new to the company. I have some few questions. What do you mean by yield? So when 
you tell a 2% yield, 3.5%, what does it mean? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
So yield means the revenue, whatever we are getting on the gross value of the assets. So that is 
the meaning of yield per month. Like if you are investing INR100, then you are getting 2% yield 
per month. So that is INR2 revenue per month. So that's the yield calculation way. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Yield is basically a gross profit, no? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
No, no, it's a gross revenue we are generating. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Gross revenue. Okay. Understood. Sir, and is the yield more in Saudi business? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Yes, yes. Definitely, is in the range of 3.5% plus per month. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Per month. Okay. So then the investment makes sense over there for the capex? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Yes. Yes, yes, you're right. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Right. And sir, the EBITDA has come down, it is because of the mix or because there are a lot 
of expenses of Saudi? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Yes. There is a revenue mix, which is deciding about the EBITDA, blended EBITDA. And there 
are certain -- yes, sorry, please continue. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
So EBITDA in the EPC business are lower than the crane business? That's right? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Yes. Yes. Yes, you're right. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Okay. So can you give me a separate EBITDA? No, not possible. 
Pradeep Mehta: 
So normally, EBITDA for wind EPC business ranging between 10% to 12%, 15%. It depends 
on the projects, what type of projects we are executing. And crane rental business is normally 
around 50% plus. It goes plus or minus 5%, depends on the requirement, demand and 
competition. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Okay. Sir, now all the demands are coming from which sector? It's coming from wind or which 
sector? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
So demand is very robust, and it's coming from all, infrastructure, renewables, metals, cement, 
like Mr. Gaurang explained. The recent budget also has improved to INR12.2 lakh crores on 
infrastructure development, even hydrocarbon. There are multiple industries where the growth 
is coming. 

 
Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
So then the growth and the order momentum will be maintained. Because last quarter, if you see 
the only balance order will be INR600 crores. So again, what is the gap for getting the orders? 
Another 6 months, how can we build the order book again? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
So see, if you see our investor presentation, we already booked the order till date is around 
INR1,860 crores as on 31st December. And out of that, only INR1,000-plus crores revenue will 
come, but rest of the things will come going to next year. And before the financial year start, we 
already have order book in our hand between 30% to 40% order book in our hand, which gives 
a complete confidence of booking the entire year revenue mid of the year, third quarter of the 
year, we'll be having revenue certainty. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Okay. And sir, does solar power require cranes? For solar power, do we require cranes for 
installation? 
Prajwal Kumar: 
The very small capacity cranes are required. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Okay. Small capacity. So solar power won't be a big business too for us? Will it be a big business 
for us? 
Prajwal Kumar: 
No, for the crane rental, no. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
No, no. Okay, sir. And what will be the capex for next year, '26 and '27, capex and maintenance 
capex? 
Gaurang Desai: 
I think we already explained, the last 2, 3 candidates also asked the same thing, but we are 
running our annual operating plan process, and we are putting up it for the Board approval. Once 
it is approved by the Board for the next year capex, we'll announce it. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Mohammed Farooq from Pearl Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohammed Farooq: 
The company has indicated a Q4 revenue target approximately INR500 crores, which would be 
a meaningful step-up from historical quarterly performance. Given that around 38 days of the 
quarter has already elapsed, could you help us understand the current revenue visibility for Q4 
in terms of order already executed, invoicing progress and scheduled billing? And how confident 
is the management at this stage of achieving this INR500 crores target? 
Gaurang Desai: 
So sir, just to reiterate, in Q3, our total revenue is around INR720 crores, INR719 crores to be 
exact. And we have been always maintaining a guidance of INR1,000-plus crores. So that gives 
a gap of INR300 crores. We still would like to maintain that. There may be a variation of 
plus/minus 5%. 
Mohammed Farooq: 
Your presentation says INR1,227 crores. There is a big gap in what you're saying now, 
INR1,000-plus crores and your presentation is saying INR1,227 crores. Even if there's a slippage 
out of 5% -- 10% from INR500 crores, it should still achieve between INR425 crores to INR450 
crores? 

 
Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Yes, you are correct, Mr. Farooq. And if you read that presentation, there is a note given below 
that slide that approximately 15% of the order book may get spillover in the next financial year 
because there are a lot of challenges, complexity in the market.  
Mohammed Farooq: 
Correct. I agree with you. I agree with you. This INR500 crores, even if you take 15% out, it 
should be still above INR400 crores for the Q4, yes? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
15% of annual order book. 
Mohammed Farooq: 
Annual order? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Total order book. Correct. Annual order, correct. 
Mohammed Farooq: 
Okay. Okay. So second question is, as the company expands into new markets such as Saudi 
Arabia, Qatar, Botswana and along with higher capital expenditure, there will naturally be a 
preopening and initial operating cost? 
 
From the perspective of near-term earnings stability, how does the management plan to manage 
these costs to avoid sharp quarter-to-quarter fluctuation in profitability? Additionally, are any of 
these preopening costs eligible for amortization to help smooth reported earnings over the next 
few quarters? 
Gaurang Desai: 
So your question is very valid. And let me give a perspective. So for example, if you take the 
example of Botswana, there is no incremental cost for me. So we have done the contract in a 
way which is cost neutral to us. Saudi,we mentioned that we are looking at a breakeven of around 
10 to 14 months. And Qatar is just a start. 
Akshay Pore: 
Yes. So honestly, if you look at Saudi's performance, which is given in the presentation, in the 
Q3, the performance is much better compared to the way it is progressing, we are already taking 
care of the fixed cost of investment we had done initially when we were activating this company. 
 
And very early or very soon, we are looking at the commercial breakeven. After that, as I 
mentioned earlier, we are looking at GCC as an entire region and some of the fixed costs, which 
we have currently committed or invested in Saudi will work towards building the business in 
Qatar. So we are not doing a fresh fixed cost investment into the country. There will be some 
incremental costs, but majority of fixed costs will be supported by KSA. 
Mohammed Farooq: 
The company has demonstrated a strong long-term growth potential, improving scale of 
operation and capable management team. However, the domestic institutional participation 
remained relatively limited, around 1%. From the management perspective, what initiatives are 
being taken to enhance the engagement of and communication with domestic institutional 
investors and strengthen the confidence in the company's long-term strategy and execution? 
 
Additionally, how does the management think about internal ownership, including promoters or 
senior employees increasing their stake as a signal of long-term commitment and investor 
confidence in the business? 

 
Sanghvi Movers Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Pradeep Mehta: 
So I'll reply your first question. And then on the second question, I'll request my colleague, 
Gaurang. So on account of stakeholder engagement with the financial institution, mutual funds 
and all those, so you actually noticed that we have engaged E&Y. We have given a mandate to 
E&Y, and they are supporting us in the process. We will continue quarterly basis, connecting 
with the big investors, and that's the way we are planning with the support of E&Y. That's the 
first thing.  
Gaurang Desai: 
Could you repeat the question, second question? 
Mohammed Farooq: 
Second is how does the management think about internal ownership, including promoters and 
senior employees increasing the stakes as a signal of long-term commitment and investor 
confidence? 
Gaurang Desai: 
So sir, as we said that we have defined Vision Elevate 2030, where we talk about the people-
centric culture first. And in the process of going into more details of the vision, I'm sure all this 
things will be discussed with the management. 
Mohammed Farooq: 
No, no, no. See, my question is different. 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Yes. Can I reply? Mr. Farooq, can I add on something? 
Mohammed Farooq: 
Please, please. 
Pradeep Mehta: 
There are two things. One is you are asking about the engagement of Chairman or promoter. So 
it is completely there, which Gaurang was trying to explain about Elevate 2030. So this is 
completely in place. About the stake enhancing, reducing, we can't comment on that because it's 
the UPSI. Right now, we can't give any guidance on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question for today. 
However, if you have any further questions, please feel free to connect with E&Y. I now hand 
the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Pradeep Mehta: 
So thank you very much for the exciting Q&A session. We really appreciate your participation. 
And we remain focused on utilization stability and the disciplined capital deployment and long-
term value creation rather than short-term volatility. So thank you very much. See you again in 
the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Sanghvi Movers Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
____________________________________________________________________________________________________        
(This document was edited for readability purpose.) 
 
