 
Cyient Ltd.        4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software                             CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
                            Units Layout, Madhapur                                        www.cyient.com 
                            Hyderabad -500 081                                               Company.secretary@cyient.com 
                            India                                                                           T +91 40 6764 1000  
                                                                                                                F +91 40 2311 0352 
 
29 January 2026 
 
BSE Limited                                                                            National Stock Exchange of India Ltd                                     
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, 
 
 
 
          Exchange Plaza,                                                                          
Dalal Street   
 
 
 
 
          Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)                                         
Mumbai 400001. 
 
 
 
          Mumbai-400 051.  
Scrip Code: 532175 
 
          Scrip Code: CYIENT 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript for the Q3 FY26 earnings conference call conducted after the 
meeting of Board of Directors held on 22 Janaury 2026. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you  
For Cyient limited 
 
 
Ravi Kumar Nukala 
Dy. Company Secretary 
 
RAVI KUMAR 
NUKALA
Digitally signed by RAVI 
KUMAR NUKALA 
Date: 2026.01.29 
17:32:46 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
Cyient Limited Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNA BODANAPU – EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR, CYIENT 
LIMITED 
MR. SUKAMAL BANERJEE – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, CYIENT LIMITED 
MR. PRABHAKAR ATLA – PRESIDENT & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, CYIENT LIMITED 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Cyient Limited’s Q3 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Krishna Bodanapu – Executive Vice Chairman and 
Managing Director. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you very much, and good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Cyient Limited’s 
Earnings Call for the 3rd Quarter of Financial Year 2026. 
I am Krishna Bodanapu – Executive Vice Chairman and Managing Director; and present with 
me on this call are Sukamal Banerjee – Executive Director and CEO; and Prabhakar Atla – 
President and CFO. 
I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today’s discussions may be forward-
looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is 
available in our investor update, which has been e-mailed to you and is also posted on our 
website. The call will be accompanied by an Earnings Presentation, the details of which have 
already been shared with you. 
At the beginning of this financial year, we are reporting group performance under 4 segments: 
DET, which now excludes our Semiconductor business and is the crux of the Technology 
Services business of Cyient. DLM, which is Cyient DLM and design-led manufacturing, 
semiconductors and others. 
As always, the focus of this call will remain the DET segment. And to that extent, all numbers 
for DET segment are like-for-like to the previous period, which basically means that these 
numbers are restated to exclude our Semiconductor business. And the group numbers will 
include performance of all 4 segments put together. 
Coming to the key highlights and updates for the quarter, I will first spend a few minutes on the 
group companies, while Sukamal will spend a majority of time of this call on DET and providing 
you an update on DET. 
Firstly, on SEMICON: 
As I have said in earlier calls, we carved out the Semiconductor business as Cyient 
semiconductor with a clear mission to build India’s first and largest semiconductor company. 
Our intent is to own IP and deliver chips through a fab-less model, and I am pleased to say that 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
we firmly remain on the growth path that was envisioned with several transformative updates 
this quarter. 
We delivered strong Q3 growth, 10.7% on top of 12% in the previous quarter. Order intake is 
up 36% year-on-year, which is a healthy indicator for the business. And though we are still loss-
making, margins have stabilized over the last quarter. 
Some key achievements include the strengthening of our analog and power leadership through 
a definitive agreement to acquire a majority in Kinetic Technologies, who are a leader in high-
performance analog, mixed signal and analog semiconductors for power-related applications.  
They have 250 products and over 100 patents, and this will give us a much larger access to 
markets, which are driven by data centers, power applications and related industries. So, in our 
intent, to become a product company in the power space with semiconductors, Kinetic will be 
an important milestone, and we look forward to closing this soon. 
We also secured a strategic role in the modernization of India’s oldest integrated semiconductor 
fab, SCL. This is under MeitY’s semiconductor program. Cyient semiconductors has been 
selected as the preferred partner for the critical package centered around technology, IP, design 
enablement and automation responsibilities. 
You may have seen a press release from MeitY, where 3 partners have been selected and the 
total value of the project is about INR 4,500 crores. And we have 1 of the projects. I will just 
say, it’s not one-third of the revenue does not come to us, but we are a significant partner in the 
whole pie. 
We are also advancing GaN adoption in India, very simply a majority of semiconductors or chips 
are made using silicon, but for where high-power, high-voltage is involved, GaN or gallium 
nitride is the material, and this material becomes very important in AI-driven data centers, given 
how much power that they consume. With the partnership with Navitas, we will now be able to 
bring high-voltage, high-power GaN chips to India, which again, like I said, are critical for AI 
data centers and AI infrastructure. We also launched India’s first indigenous silicon platform for 
smart utilities. This was developed with Azimuth AI, a chip called ARKA GKT-1, and this was 
unveiled by the Honorable Union Minister for Electronics, Shri Ashwini Vaishnaw about 2 
months ago. And again, this stands as a strong endorsement of our custom silicon capabilities 
and design leadership, and our ability to execute to scale. Looking ahead, our markers remain 
unchanged from the last quarter, which is consistent revenue growth over the next 4 quarters, 
integrating Kinetic Technologies, an ASIC pipeline of over $100 million by Q4 and becoming 
EBIT neutral in FY27. 
We expect the Kinetic transaction to close in March or April, and then the integration will start. 
But following the closure of this transaction, Cyient Semiconductor will be India’s largest chip 
company, and we are excited about what lies ahead and appreciate your continued support.  

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Very quickly on DLM. DLM witnessed a revenue degrowth of about 30% year-on-year, but this 
was driven by some customer specific pushouts, year-end holidays, and of course, the tariff 
uncertainty. So, this was expected. But I will say that over the years, we have talked about the 
criticality of that business delivering double-digit EBITDA margins, and this quarter, we 
delivered double-digit EBITDA margins. They grew 207 basis points year-over-year. And this 
was because we did higher value programs and, of course, better execution. 
Our order book momentum remains strong. We had a book-to-bill ratio of more than 1 for 3 
consecutive quarters, which means that we have a very strong order book. And that order book 
is increasing because we have also significantly increased the capability of the sales team there. 
Net-net, with the healthier mix of customers, the increase in revenue momentum, the industries 
that we are focused on, we believe that the revenue momentum there will significantly increase 
from Q4 and margin trajectory will continue to increase, and there are not many companies in 
that sector that consistently deliver 10% operating profit, which we are confident of delivering 
going forward. 
Lastly, on Cyient AI Labs, as you know, we have consistently prioritized the development of 
industry-ready skills to support India’s ER&D and technology landscape. In this spirit, we are 
working towards accelerating inclusive AI scaling across India through several flagship 
initiatives. And the intent here is to empower youth and advance the national vision of Viksit 
Bharat 2047. 
We believe these technology-led skilling initiatives will help create a resilient and employable 
workforce at scale across the country. And as you know that workforce is also very important 
for Cyient as it enables our future growth. With this, thank you very much, and I will hand over 
the call to Sukamal, who will take you through some of the key initiatives underway in DET, 
and the business performance for the quarter. 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
Thank you, Krishna. Good evening, everyone, and thank you again for joining us for our Q3 
FY26 earnings call. Today, I will focus my comments on 2 areas: Firstly, on Cyient’s point of 
view on AI and how it’s resonating in the industry; and second, the business performance and 
the key highlights for the quarter. 
So, to start with, in the last quarter, at a time when the market was leaning hard on AI-first 
chorus, we made a bold choice not to join that theatre. We stayed true to what has always worked 
for us. Intelligence must be human and domain-led, built into engineering, and carried through 
to outcomes. That commitment was anchored with our publication on November 19 last year, 
when we officially launched Embracing Intelligence publicly. This was not a reaction to market 
noise. It was the articulation of work that had already been underway for more than 6 months 
and an expounding of the intelligent engineering focus, we spoke about at our 2023 Investor 
Meet. 
Today, that view is gaining acceptance across Engineering Services industry. The industry is 
beginning to recognize that an AI-first approach on its own, is not sustainable or scalable. Human 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
knowledge, domain expertise and ethics come first. AI offers a clear opportunity for acceleration 
and compression of time to market as well as optimizing, maintenance and lifespan. However, 
as we stand today, AI is an amplifier, a value multiplier and not the solution stand-alone. 
This is now being validated by broader industry publications. Recently, findings from the 
January 2026 Anthropic Economic Index highlight a critical theory, which is education matching 
principle, which is the complexity of an AI’s output is a direct reflection of the education level 
of the user’s inputs. In high-stakes field like software engineering and system engineering, that 
data shows that high-value outcomes require a baseline of at least 14 years of specialized domain 
knowledge. For Cyient, this reinforces a simple truth. Our domain expertise is the intelligence 
that enables AI to operate at expected standards for product engineering. Our approach, 
embracing intelligence is key to building assured systems that required defined authority, 
escalation paths and evidence with human embedded throughout critical control points not as an 
ethical add-on, but as an engineering necessity that ensures accountability and explainability. 
At Cyient, we apply Embracing Intelligence across the product life cycle, from design and 
development through manufacturing, supply chain operations, maintenance and life cycle 
extension. Intelligence is applied in context, grounded in domain understanding and engineered 
for the realities of mission-critical systems and processes. From a business perspective, this 
holistic life cycle support fundamentally changes our trajectory, by moving beyond our 
traditional engineering services partner viewpoint to our product life cycle partner, we 
significantly expand our addressable TAM by nearly 10x and deepen our integration into our 
customers’ most critical value chains. 
With that, now let me turn to our performance for Q3. Before I talk about the results, I want to 
take a moment to thank the Cyient leadership team, all the associates for the journey over the 
last 9 months. It has been a challenging one, and of course, an exciting and a fulfilling one. I 
would also like to thank our key customers, our Board members, for their encouragement and 
belief as we navigated through the challenges. That is what has gotten us to the results that I now 
present. 
Cyient DET grew 1.9% quarter-over-quarter and flattish year-over-year, about 0.7% down in 
constant currency terms, which is 1.5% quarter-over-quarter and 0.9% year-over-year growth in 
USD terms; and in INR, that translates to 3.5% quarter-over-quarter and 6.5% year-over-year 
growth. The EBIT margin also expanded by 25 bps over Q2 to 12.4%. 
In this quarter, we saw the second quarter of increasing head count with 481 net additions. These 
results reiterate the message I have shared in previous quarter calls regarding the progress 
expected in FY26. We expected a period of stabilization, followed by consistent growth and 
improved profitability. This is exactly the path we are on. 
When we look at the performance so far, this year in constant currency, we have demonstrated 
improving quarter-over-quarter growth trajectory for each of the last 3 quarters. What I would 
like to call out is also the progress across all our business units. Transportation and Mobility 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
grew by 2.9% quarter-over-quarter; and Network and Infrastructure grew 2.5% quarter-over-
quarter driven by focused account mining and sales approaches across value chain of our 
customers. Strategic Units cluster remained flattish Q3 with a marginal drop of 0.2% in line with 
our anticipation as we continue to build up our presence into some of these critical sectors for 
the long term. 
In terms of key business highlights, I am happy to report a number of key deals that we closed 
in Q3. A mining producer chose Cyient to deploy an asset management data uplift program 
across their global mining operations. This program will be executed over the next 2 years. A 
major aerospace manufacturer chose Cyient for software support for a new airline program. 
A global off-highway equipment manufacturer chose Cyient to scale focused autonomous and 
perception systems for their construction equipment. A global aerospace OEM chose Cyient to 
support multiple systems for requirement management, verification and certification support 
using the help of AI. An APAC-based utilities company chose Cyient for network data capture 
services. This was a customer we won back from competition after a period of few years. 
These wins reflect the breadth of our capabilities from core engineering such as verification to 
advanced software, perception systems, and asset management across a wide range of industries, 
demonstrating how our positioning around embracing intelligence is translating into real client 
outcomes across the product life cycle. We support our customers design new age systems and 
products, and are with them to ensure smooth, efficient operations throughout the product life 
cycle, which can last a few decades. I am also very happy to report that we have added 8 new 
logos of strategic importance across industries. In addition, as I look forward, we have a robust 
funnel buildup over the last few months, with large deals funnel being the highest ever in Cyient 
history. Our key accounts continue to demonstrate strong revenue growth with a 5% quarter-
over-quarter and 15.5% year-over-year growth performance, continuing the growth we have 
seen in earlier quarters, driven mainly due to our focused account mining efforts. 
Cyient was recognized in 2 major categories by ISG, firstly as a leader in manufacturing services 
and solutions globally; and second, in power and utilities for smart metering and grid 
modernization for North America. In addition, Cyient has been recognized as a top employer in 
India for the first time. We also received the HR Association of India Awards in 2025, 
reinforcing our strong and differentiated people’s practice. 
In this quarter, we also worked on adding to our leadership strength with 2 key hires focused on 
the growth trajectory for technology. Harjott Atrii joined us as a Chief Business Officer, 
responsible for technology growth and high-growth markets, which we could not cover in the 
past. Bhabesh Acharya joined us as the Chief AI architect, responsible for building depth and 
differentiation in our Data and AI Services. Their expertise will help accelerate our journey in 
helping customers embrace intelligence in meaningful ways. 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Overall, I think Q3 FY26 is a demonstration of growth, based on some fundamental initiatives 
we have been hard at work on. I am confident to say as an organization, we have turned a corner 
and built the momentum for continued consistent growth in the future. 
With this, I now conclude my remarks, and I would like to hand this over to our CFO, Prabhakar 
Atla, to provide more color on our financial performance for Q3 FY26. 
Prabhakar Atla: 
Thank you, Sukamal, and hello, everyone. Thank you very much for your time, and for your 
kind participation in the call today. Krishna and Sukamal have covered much of things in their 
previous update. But as a quick summary, here are the key financial highlights for the quarter. 
As with the previous quarter, the DET numbers are excluding our Semicon business and all 
previous period DET key metrics have been accordingly restated. 
On revenue front, we had a strong quarter for DET, as Sukamal spoke, which delivered a revenue 
of $167 million, a quarter-on-quarter growth of 1.9% in constant currency and 3.5% in INR. 
That we delivered this growth despite a continued fluidity in the macroeconomic environment, 
and the fact that Q3 is a seasonally challenging quarter for us due to furloughs, we believe, is a 
good indicator for the quarters ahead. Also, this Q-o-Q growth was driven by healthy 
performance of our core segments, as Sukamal explained previously, and a significant positive 
movement in contribution from our top 3, top 5, and top 10 clients, which grew by about 5% 
quarter-on-quarter. 
On EBIT front, the normalized DET EBIT for Q3 came in at 12.4%, which is a 25-bps expansion 
quarter-on-quarter. The headwinds we had in this quarter include the third tranche of wage hikes 
for the year, and we are happy to report that we were able to fully mitigate this impact with the 
ongoing cost optimization program and the recovering revenue momentum, which is very clearly 
visible.  
We also had 1 exceptional item in this quarter. As you all know, the Government of India has 
published new labor codes applicable to all our employees in India geography. We are fully 
committed to compliance with these codes. And towards this, we have taken a one-time 
provision of INR 40 crores in Q3 towards truing up our past period provision for liabilities such 
as gratuity, resulting from this regulatory change. 
We have presented this one-time provision as an exceptional item in our results, and we have 
normalized the Q3 DET EBIT and PAT to that extent. The DET normalized PAT for the quarter 
is at INR 150 crores, representing a healthy 9% growth quarter-on-quarter, and a 40% growth 
year-on-year. This year-on-year positive movement in PAT is significant, since in Q3 of last 
year, we had a currency-driven headwind in our other income for that period. Our cash 
conversion per DET continues to remain very strong. And for Q3, the FCF to normalized PAT 
conversion was at 158%, and we remain focused on cash generation as a key business goal. 
Our net cash position for DET at the end of Q3 stood at INR 1,434 crores, which is the highest 
net cash position we have had over the last 9 quarters. As regards to group performance, which 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
now includes all the 4 segments of DET, Semicon, DLM and others. The group revenue grew 
by 3.8% Q-o-Q in Rupee terms, while the normalized PAT increased by 0.7% quarter-on-
quarter. On a Y-o-Y basis, the INR revenue degrew by 4%, owing to quarterly revenue 
movements in our DLM business, while the normalized PAT remained steady year-on-year. 
In summary, with 2 sequential quarters of revenue and margin expansion for DET business. With 
the visible progress we are making in DET along with transformation initiatives, including GTM 
acceleration, technology adoption, and leadership addition, with the strengthening leading 
metrics of our business, including key account growth, and with the very strong financial 
fundamentals, including our strong cash position, which enables us to actively invest in future 
growth opportunities, we remain very confident of our immediate and medium-term prospects 
of DET business. Very importantly, under the differentiated theme of Intelligent Engineering, 
which Sukamal spoke of earlier. And we are fully committed to execute the growth plans we set 
out for ourselves. And with this, thank you again for your time, and I will hand over the call 
back to the moderator for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity, and congratulations on a good execution as well as good growth in 
the DET. The first question is, just wanted to understand, there is a consistent growth in the 
aerospace. So, what are the subsegments which is driving? And in a furlough quarter, if we have 
delivered 1.9% CC growth, there could be a possibility of recoup of furloughs in the 4th Quarter. 
So, is it fair to assume the growth in the 4th Quarter would be higher than the third quarter? And 
what is the impact of furlough? It would not have been there, what would have been the growth 
in 3Q? 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
Yes. Thanks for your question. This is Sukamal here. Let me address your 3 parts to the 
questions. Firstly, on Aerospace. I think we are seeing traction across multiple areas of work 
across the product life cycle. Of course, with no major designs which are going on at this point 
in time, a large part of it is driven by MRO and aftermarket services. Many of our customers are 
experiencing significant volume ramp-up that they have to deliver with the growth in 
commercial aviation, and that is driving a large part of the growth. We are also seeing new 
designs coming from various parts of the world in terms of new aircrafts, more the midsized 
aircraft, and we are seeing traction in terms of doing design work over there. And of course, 
given the expertise we have now built up in the technology front with digital and AI, many of 
our customers have leveraged our domain understanding across the product life cycle and 
awarded us several digital programs that we are executing across manufacturing, supply chain, 
and documentation, aftermarket support and so on. So, it’s a very broad set of areas that is 
helping us drive the growth in aerospace. In terms of the growth expectations for Q4, as we have 
maintained, we do not share guidance. We have obviously, the recovery of furlough, but also 
the number of billing days in Q4 is lesser. So, it will be a mixed bag in terms of ups and downs, 
but we obviously will strive to ensure that we continue our growth momentum. 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Sandeep Shah: 
Can you quantify the impact of furlough in the third quarter?  
Prabhakar Atla: 
Sandeep, since we have not experienced that, we are not quantifying it anymore. All we are 
trying to say to Sukamal’s point is the underlying business momentum is so strong that we are 
not seeing these impacts anymore. And we think this momentum will continue into Q4 and going 
forward also. This is all I would say for the Aerospace business. And there’s also broad-based 
growth across various subsegments of Aerospace, not just in 1 sub-vertical or the other. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just a follow up. In the 4th Quarter, is it fair to assume even strategic growth units 
and sustainability will also drive the growth? 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
So, that is definitely our intention, is to make sure that we drive growth in a broad-based manner, 
and that is what the team is busy working on. And in terms of setting expectations, all I can say 
is if it’s a possibility, the answer is yes. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just last 2 questions. Prabhakar sir, your target of achieving the EBIT margin at closer 
to mid-teens or 16% by Q4 of next year continues to remain intact? And second, on the 
semiconductor, one can assume at least in the 4th Quarter, there will not be any support from 
the inorganic and the large deal win. In that scenario, loss may continue to remain between $2 
million to $3 million, which we have guided earlier. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
On the semiconductor, I will answer first. That is correct. We will not see any upside from the 
deals that we won or from the inorganic. So, yes, there will be a loss in Q4 along those lines. 
Like I said, our goal is to break even in FY27, and we are on track for that. 
Prabhakar Atla: 
And Sandeep, on the medium-term goals we set for ourselves for a 15% EBIT for the current 
business we have, we very much remain on track to that. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just to follow-up, Krishna sir, when you say breakeven in the semiconductor in FY27 excludes 
the large deal and the inorganic, right? On an organic basis, you expect. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Yes, on an organic basis. Absolutely. The large deal, obviously, is a part of that, because that’s 
ongoing business. So, the profit from the deal help break even, but not from any inorganic. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Okay. I will come in the follow-up. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity, and congratulations on the good show on the DET side. So, sir, 
just wanted to know that in DET, our EBITDA margin expanded to 12.4% despite wage hikes. 
So, what portion of this improvement is structural versus cyclical or forex-related. And another, 
will it be fair to assume, like high-single digit to low double-digit revenue growth trajectory for 
DET in s27. So, what’s your take on that side? 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Prabhakar Atla: 
So, on the margin expansion, thank you for the question. All of it is fundamental to our business, 
structural to our business. And secondly, at this point in time, we are not giving any visibility 
for FY27 as we complete the exercise that we will do for planning for FY27. We will come back 
and update this forum on what we see next in the medium-term view of the business. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay. Sorry, sir, I missed on the margin side. 
Prabhakar Atla: 
Talking about margin for FY27? 
Jyoti Singh: 
No. On the explanation on the margin side, I just missed. 
Prabhakar Atla: 
Okay. On the first part of your question, the current EBIT margin that we reported, the significant 
improvement or actually the improvement we have been showing quarter-on-quarter since Q1, 
Q2 and Q3 is all fundamental and structural to our business, in the sense that this is all driven 
by operational efficiencies, scale, cost optimization etc. And not much of FX-related headwinds 
or tailwinds in that. And for FY27, like you commented, we will take a position on the next year 
as we complete the current exercise we are currently in, for planning for FY27. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay. And sir, on the DSO side, that has improved Q-o-Q. So, what is the normalized DSO 
range that we are targeting, especially as a semiconductor and large program scale up. 
Prabhakar Atla: 
The numbers that we have shown in this deck are primarily for DET. The current number is a 
fairly healthy number, compared to our previous track record, so to speak. And we aim to stay 
at the same or similar numbers going forward. And for Semicon, as the business evolves, we 
will report that metric separately because currently, it’s in an early stage, in terms of the pipeline, 
the nature of deals, the type of deals and the complexion, etc., and those we will report as they 
evolve separately. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Shraddha Agrawal from Asian Market 
Securities.  
Shraddha Agrawal: 
Congratulations to the team on a good quarter despite seasonality of furloughs. Sir, 2 questions. 
In our Networks and Infrastructure division, would it be possible to split the growth between 
connectivity and utilities. 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
So, Shradha, we are not disclosing that number as we have talked about. But to give you some 
color, the growth was led by connectivity and utilities also had a solid performance. 
Shraddha Agrawal: 
Because I suspect that there was some project rundown that was expected in utilities in this 
quarter, so are we behind that? 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
Sorry. Please go ahead. 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Shraddha Agrawal: 
Yes, so despite that rundown, we had a good growth in utilities. 
Prabhakar Atla: 
Yes. It definitely contributed to the results that you see. 
Shraddha Agrawal: 
Okay. And in terms of our sustainability portfolio, many other peers have been sounding very 
positive on this portfolio given power companies, which have seen good growth, because of the 
need for power consumption, because of data centers that have gone up. So, how do we look at 
the outlook for our sustainability portfolio going ahead? 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
So, in terms of potential and pipeline that we see, we are definitely very confident. This may not 
be immediate term results for us. But mid-term, in the next 2-3 quarters, we feel very confident 
that we will see robust growth. 
Shraddha Agrawal: 
Right. And so, of all the 3 segments, on which segment are we the most positive about as we get 
into FY27? 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
I think it is something which is an evolving topic, as you can imagine. At this point in time, 
based on order book and immediate-term funnel, it will remain transportation and mobility. And 
some of this also has to do with some of our other businesses being a little more project-centric. 
So, when it comes to project-centric business, there’s always a churn that we have to earn our 
business back, that causes less of a visibility. So, I will probably say it is transportation and 
mobility. But in terms of funnel, it is pretty robust across the board, including in some of our 
smaller verticals. 
Shraddha Agrawal: 
Right. Can we assume that from here on Strategic Units will get to positive sequential growth 
because you had 3-4 consistent quarters of sequential decline in this vertical? 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
Sorry, which vertical it was? I missed you. 
Shraddha Agrawal: 
Strategic Units. 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
Strategic Units. So, we are more or less there in terms of making sure that we get to growth and 
that definitely is our intention for next quarter. 
Shraddha Agrawal: 
Got it. Thank you, sir. And all the best. 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. I think first question, you partly answered, but 
just want to get more detail. Outlook and growth driver across vertical and subsegment, if you 
can provide, particularly strategic unit, subsegment if you can give same in Transportation and 
Mobility. Aero you touched upon, but if you can touch upon Rail and other segments there.  

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Second question is about the 15% EBIT margin which you indicated medium-term, I am not 
very clear whether we gave any timeline to achieve that part. Thank you. 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
So, I will address the second question first. On the EBIT part, we had talked about Q4 of FY 
2027 with our current business mix that we have is what our target is. For the first part of the 
question, in terms of different segments, we touched upon Aerospace. From an overall funnel 
perspective, I would say almost all of our industries have very strong funnel. Certain industries 
are leading with regards to large deals, which means 2 things. One, possibilities of significant 
growth in the future, but also a question mark on timing, because large deals, as you know, can 
slip a little more than regular deals tend to do. So, I think to say a quarter-over-quarter for each 
of these verticals will be a little difficult, given that we do not talk about guidance in general. 
But our overall approach remains that as a portfolio, we will continue to drive the quarter-over-
quarter growth momentum that we have built up for Q4 and beyond. In terms of some of the 
segments like Rail, and the only point I will make is the growth driver will come back with 
substantial deal wins, which we are working on. But without those deals, the business will 
probably remain in the current trajectory without those transformation deals that we have 
developed. Only when we convert will we be able to change the trajectory. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Sir, just on the large deal intake, we have a healthy momentum and everything. Can you share 
some numbers? And if you can give context also, let’s say compared to prior period, 4 quarters, 
3, 9 months, whichever way you can give some sense about how this deal closure is changing 
and how pipeline is changing. 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
Was your question on order intake, sorry, you were not very clear. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes, order intake. 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
Yes. So, we stopped sharing order intake numbers, as you are aware. But to give you some color, 
our Q3 quarter order intake was robust. It was better than what we experienced in Q3 of last 
year. What was the second part of your question again? 
Dipesh Mehta: 
The pipeline also, because you said pipeline is at all-time high. If you can give some context, 
let’s say, whether it is growing 10%, 20%, 30% or 1%, 2%, 3% percentage or something of that 
sort, to give some sense. 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
Pipeline growth is in double digits. I think what matters more is the qualified pipeline and the 
large deal contained in the pipeline, which has seen definitely robust growth, which is what 
makes us feel confident, but we will be able to guide those into revenue only once we start 
converting them as deals. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Vikas Ahuja from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, coming to your opening remarks, it seems like the outlook 
has turned a little bit more constructive. You talked about spending, order intake, record funnel, 
rising contribution from top clients. But in the past, we have seen the growth has been dragged 
because of the portfolio churn, muted client spending. So, what, according to you, has changed 
this time or any risk you want to highlight? Thank you. 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
See, first and foremost, obviously, if there are any macro events, that always remains a risk, like 
what we experienced in April of last year where we pretty much lost 2 months of momentum 
from a business deal cycle perspective where there was a complete stall. So, any such event 
always remains a risk. Leaving those kind of risks aside, in terms of the conversations we are 
having with our customers and the areas we are having conversations with our customers, these 
are more or less essential investment areas for them. So, we may always have some projects 
which are future ROI-related, which tend to be from a technology perspective, which can get 
right-shifted from 1 quarter to the other. 
But the deal pipeline that we are working with, the part which are qualified, I think we feel pretty 
confident with the timelines and the deal cycles we are dealing with, in terms of their closures. 
But again, there may be some industry-specific or account-specific things which can come up. 
For example, in Q3, we were impacted by one of our top customers’ CEO change, which 
happened, which put a halt to several of the initiatives that we were expecting to close in the last 
quarter. So, those are very difficult to call out. But leaving those kind of risks aside, I think we 
do not see any at this point in time beyond the macro and account-specific situations that may 
come up from time to time. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
And if I may just add to that from sort of previously what happened to now, I think there’s a lot 
more focus on not just on pipeline, but quality of pipeline and not just execution but readiness 
and execution. So, I think a lot of what we are talking about this time around is really based on 
some very solid numbers, which is what gives us the confidence that they execute. We will not 
have the execution hiccups that we have had in the past or the misses that we have had in the 
past. So, I think it’s the quality of pipeline and the quality of, execution that at least gives me 
confidence to substantiate what Sukamal had said at the beginning of the call. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Sure. Thanks a lot.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Kulkarni from Kosh Wealth Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Pratik Kulkarni: 
So, I had two questions regarding the semiconductor part of our business. So, we have created a 
bit of holistic ecosystem regarding new partnerships and acquisitions in the semiconductor part. 
And as the deals come through, which part of the business are we most positive about? 
Bodanapu Krishna: 
We are positive about the whole Semiconductor business. Like you said, it’s a holistic business 
that goes from design to sourcing the chips, which includes many other things in the middle, 
including testing, packaging etc. So, we are quite confident about the whole value chain of the 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Semiconductor business. We have also clearly identified where we want to focus on, more 
mature nodes, power-related applications, etc. So, I think we have a very strong and well-defined 
focus, and we feel quite confident that we will be successful across the Semiconductor value 
chain, in the areas that we are focused on. 
Pratik Kulkarni: 
Okay. And another question is what I have seen is we are more focused toward power-based 
semiconductors, creating a more niche for us. So, any reason to focus on this segment rather 
than going for general semiconductors that are manufactured by NVIDIA or AMD? 
Bodanapu Krishna: 
Okay. So, it is a different scale and a different focus what we are talking about. If you look at 
the chips that we work on, the chips that we work on are typically, like I said, more mature 
nodes, which means that they are typically in 180 to about 400 nanometers. So, the design cost 
of each chip, for example, will be in the $5 million-$10 million range per chip. Now, if you talk 
about NVIDIA or AMD, the AI and those kind of chips that they make are really the 5 nm-12 
nm chips, and each chip costs about $1 billion to design. So, our intent is, look, every chip that 
goes into the world now will need a power chip next to it. So, yes, it’s not as sort of glamorous 
as being an NVIDIA, but we believe that this is a much more stabler way for us to break into the 
chip industry, not just the semi, chip meaning the entire chip lifecycle. So, I think it’s not going 
to be easy for anybody to replicate what an NVIDIA does, unless they are willing to spend tens 
of billions of dollars even to have a chance of success. So, I don’t think we are playing that 
game. We are playing a more sort of manageable game at a part of the value chain where there 
is going to be a significant amount of growth. 
Pratik Kulkarni: 
Okay. Thank you. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hasmukh from Tata Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Hasmukh: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. My question is around the quality of business. So, in past, 
we have called out that mechanical engineering forms a good chunk of our business. So, what 
we are doing to diversify from that, and whether there is any material change over the last 9-12 
months, because end market for mechanical engineering may not be growing as fast as what we 
want to grow from an overall business perspective, so? 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
Yes. Just to confirm, you mentioned mechanical engineering, right? 
Hasmukh: 
                Yes. 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
Okay. Yes. So, we have several initiatives going on, and some of the wins that I shared with you, 
if you look at it, none of them were about mechanical engineering. So, it is not that we are not 
winning mechanical engineering programs, but some of the larger programs we are winning are 
in the new technology areas. They are about software development. They are about platform 
software. They are about data engineering. And of course, several of them are on AI or at least 
influenced by AI. 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
So, I think we have a robust pipeline which is built up for technology, as we call it, which is in 
significant double digits as a percentage of our pipeline. So, we think that both from the wins 
that we have talked about, the funnel that we have for near-term closure, we are definitely seeing 
a diversification in our services portfolio. Also, as we have talked about in the past, we definitely 
are also active from an inorganic perspective to shift our service portfolio in a way that moves 
away from some of the traditional areas which have a slightly moderated growth, I would say, 
compared to the new technology areas where the growth vectors are more robust. 
Hasmukh: 
                Understood. Understood. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Pant from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Pant: 
Hi. Good evening, and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is for Sukamal. Sukamal 
one of the problems that has impacted Cyient in the past, is the predictability in terms of revenue 
trajectory? Could you highlight what you are doing to improve on that front? And related to that, 
is the revenue growth cadence that you look at now. So, is it that your aim to improve growth 
with each quarter versus the last quarter? Or is it to keep it in a band as you move along each 
quarter? What kind of predictability are you looking at in the business? 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
Sure. So, let me first address predictability. It was not that it was not there, I think we just had 
to do some tweaks and changes, to ensure that we have a predictable mechanism for our 
forecasting and, more importantly, the governance around tracking on that forecast, what we are 
doing in terms of executing within the quarter. I think from a predictability perspective of how 
we feel at the beginning of the quarter and how it ends up at the end of the quarter, I think we 
have come a long way, and probably from my past experience, I can say we are on par with 
anybody else. When it comes to the second part of the question you asked, obviously, there are 
always ups and downs in our growth. It’s not always possible to keep increasing the pace of 
growth each quarter, even though that is our intent. But the first goal that we have taken for 
ourselves is that within our immediate peer group, we would like to be the top performer in terms 
of growth on a consistent basis in the future. That is our first goal. And obviously, we have 
ambitions beyond that as well. But as the first goal, that’s what we want to achieve. 
Ankur Pant: 
Thank you. And my second question is in terms of margins, Prabhakar, what kind of a growth 
are we penciling in to get to our margin target in DET business? How much are we dependent 
on a particular growth number for getting to that target? 
Prabhakar Atla: 
See if you look at the margin trajectory, and thank you for the question, Ankur. Two things I 
will say. One about the past, and second about the future. The immediate past, you have already 
seen, the revenue momentum is coming back. The margin expansion program is kicking in and 
showing some tangible results. And we have 2 sequential quarters of margin expansion. That’s 
about the immediate past in the current financial year. The second thing is going forward, we 
have 3 important levers that we believe will work in our favor. One is the revenue momentum, 
though we will not quantify at this point in time what we are going to capture as an assumption 
for FY2027 for a 15% exit for Q4, but revenue momentum is just one part of it. The tech 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
adoption, both internal and external, is another part of it. And whatever investments we made so 
far in technology solutions, we are yet to fully monetize them. And that’s the third lever. 
These 3 will be the levers that we will be actively working on in FY 2027 and beyond to expand 
the margin. Of course, there are other, so to speak, very attractive lever is to work on offshoring. 
It is a significant lever for Cyient, because the offshoring percentage currently is less than 50%. 
But we are comfortable where we are, because where the world is today, we are happy to be a 
global company. We are proud to be a global company. And the local content of work we do in 
various geographies, acts as a significant buffer for us against the current trends we see of 
localization. So, net off, we would have had 4 levers, we are focusing on 3 of them. The fourth 
one will be one that we will take as we go forward. 
Ankur Pant: 
And any sense of the exit margin for this year? Any target on that front? 
Prabhakar Atla: 
We are not commenting on the full year numbers, as you know, Ankur. But I will just repeat 
what we said in the previous call, our H2 margins will be better than H1 margins. 
Ankur Pant: 
Thank you, sir. And just 1 final data keeping question. So, you have quantified new business as 
a percentage of total deal? 
Moderator: 
Mr. Pant, I will request you to kindly rejoin the queue for follow-ups, please. There is a queue, 
sir. Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Karan Uppal from PhillipCapital 
India. Please go ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Sukamal, you spoke about on the verticals outlook. Just wanted 
to check on the geography front, there is a lot of noise around the tariff war against restarting 
between U.S. and Europe. So, macro uncertainty remains high. So, within that, if you can 
provide the outlook on various geographies in terms of U.S., Europe and APAC. And also, a 
related question is in terms of the confidence on the pipeline conversion, given this macro 
backdrop. So, are you confident of converting the pipeline in Q4 and beyond. Yes, that’s the 
first question. 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
Sure. So, firstly, as you are obviously well aware, that tariff is not a direct topic for us, but it is 
a topic for our customers across the board. I think most of our customers, if not all of them, have 
a far more robust mechanism in place than they had last year or beginning of last year, in terms 
of dealing with tariff. So, their ability to take decisions despite some of these, I would say, macro 
discussions that keep coming up once in a while is far more robust, and there is much more 
confidence they have in that process. So, that’s the first thing I would say. To answer your 
question in the second part, if the level of uncertainty is where we are and which are more short-
term bursts of uncertainty and things settle down very quickly after that, I do not see that as 
concerning or challenging. But if it gets extended and drags out for a few weeks or months, 
obviously, it delays some of the deal processes. But if it is just a one-week surge and quietening 
down, that should not make a huge impact on our deal cycles, so to speak. 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Karan Uppal: 
Sure. Any color in terms of the geography front in terms of the pipeline? 
Sukamal Banerjee: 
Sure. No, I think, obviously, in Q3, our growth in the U.S. has been higher or North America 
has been higher, which is largely U.S. But from a pipeline view perspective, it is quite evenly 
distributed, which is reflective of the current distribution of our revenue across the U.S., Europe, 
and Asia-Pacific. And from a large deal perspective, it is both across North America and Western 
Europe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Krishna Bodanapu for closing comments. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Bodanapu Krishna: 
Thank you. And I can confidently say we are back in the phase of stable growth after the 
challenges of the last 2 years. Our stated aspiration is to be an industry-leading growth player, 
which we are working towards. But I am proud and pleased to say that we are steadily making 
progress in the last 3 quarters, and this is an important step of achieving our stated goal of being 
an industry-leading growth player. Thank you for your patience, and thank you for your support 
in this journey. And we will again speak at the end of next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the Management. On behalf of Cyient Limited, that concludes this 
conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
                                                 This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made 
to ensure high level of accuracy 
