Regd. Office
Regent Chambers, 7th Floor
Jamnalal Bajaj Marg
208 Nariman Point
Mumbai 400 021
Pidilite Industries Limited
Corporate Office
Ramkrishna Mandir Road
Andheri - E, Mumbai 400059, India
T + 91 22 2835 7000
2835 7952 / 2835 7365
F +91 22 2830 4482
www.pidilite.com
ClN:L24100MH1969PLC014336
11th February, 2026 
The Secretary  
The Secretary 
BSE Ltd. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
14th floor, P. J. Tower, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Stock Code – 500331 
Stock Code - PIDILITIND 
Dear Sir, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call  
----------------------------------------------------------- 
Dear Sir, 
We enclose herewith, a transcript of the Earnings Call held with Analyst/Investors on
4th February, 2026.  
A recording of the transcript is available on the website of the Company viz. www.pidilite.com.  
Kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Pidilite Industries Limited  
Manisha Shetty 
Company Secretary  
Encl. as above 
MANISHA 
RAKESH 
SHETTY
Digitally signed by MANISHA RAKESH SHETTY 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=5395, 
2.5.4.20=e53f8d868bfe6f72b9c843cdf4137a0115e
d460dc225c2b4ad743cd117cb9a12, 
postalCode=400067, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=af759519d2976fce77c358345339d
df2d40242efed8488f2a2becd954bea29bf, 
cn=MANISHA RAKESH SHETTY 
Date: 2026.02.11 17:24:08 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20
Pidilite Industries Limited
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 04, 2026 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUDHANSHU VATS –MANAGING DIRECTOR –
PIDILITE INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MR. KAVINDER SINGH – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– PIDILITE INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MR. SANDEEP BATRA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
FINANCE AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – PIDILITE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MR. BHAVESH JOSHI – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT –
PIDILITE INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MODERATOR: 
MR. ARUN BAID – ICICI SECURITIES

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 2 of 20
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Pidilite Industries Limited Q3 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Arun Baid from ICICI Securities. Thank you. 
And over to you, sir. 
Arun Baid: 
Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of ICICI 
Securities, I welcome you all to the Q3 FY '26 Post Results Concall. From the 
management side, we have Mr. Sudhanshu Vats, Managing Director; Mr. Kavinder 
Singh, JMD; Mr. Sandeep Batra, ED and CFO; and Mr. Bhavesh Joshi, Senior Vice 
President. 
Now I hand over the call to Mr. Batra for his opening remarks, post which the floor 
will be open for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Batra: 
Thank you, Arun, and very good afternoon to all who have joined the call today. I will 
keep my opening remarks brief so that we have enough time for Q&A. And I have 
great pleasure in taking you through our Q3 and 9M results which were approved in 
the Board meeting yesterday. 
In the current quarter, our stand-alone revenue was INR3,425 crores, nominal growth 
of 11%, but the underlying volume growth (‘UVG’) was 9.3%. Underlying volume 
growth for our Consumer and Bazaar business was 9.7% with B2B business underlying 
volume growth of 7.4%. I also wanted to add a trend on the domestic business.  
If you look at our total domestic business, which is made up of both Consumer, Bazaar 
as well as the B2B business, that reported underlying volume growth of 11%. And I 
think the challenge that we faced in this quarter was on account of exports, probably 
the harshest quarter in terms of whatever is happening in the geopolitics world. And 
therefore, our exports in totality declined by 13.5%, which resulted in an overall 
underlying volume growth of 9%. 
So, the domestic franchise remains strong and the underlying volume growth there 
have been inching up over the last 8 quarters. Both in Q3 and in Q2, the UVG was in 
excess of 11%. The impact of exports in the second quarter was not as severe as in the 
third quarter. And therefore, the overall underlying volume growth may have been a 
bit lower than Q2. 

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 3 of 20
Our gross margins at a stand-alone level improved by about 200 basis points as input 
prices remained benign. Just for information, VAM consumption in the quarter was at 
about $830 as compared to $884 in the same period last year. However, this benefit in 
the material cost was offset because of a one-time provision that we took on account 
of the new Wage Code.  
Basically, for two elements, gratuity and leave encashment, we have recognized the 
impact because of the new Wage Code that resulted in a onetime charge of INR47 
crores in stand-alone and about INR52 crores in consolidated. We also stepped up our 
advertising and sales promotion spend in the quarter, something that we have been 
dialling up over the last couple of quarters.  
And despite all that one-offs and increased A&SP spending, our stand-alone EBITDA 
margins improved by about 24 basis points and stand at 24.5%. Profit after Tax grew 
by 12.5%. For the quarter, our domestic subsidiaries reported a sales growth of 4% 
with a marginal decline in EBITDA. International subsidiaries, however, grew top line 
by 6% and EBITDA by 19%. 
Consolidated revenues, therefore, for the quarter a shade under INR3,700 crores were 
up by 10.2% and when you look at the 9-month period, the growth again in 
consolidated revenue is same at 9.2%. That is about it from the point of view of opening 
remarks and open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks, and congrats on a good set of numbers. My first question is on exports. So, do 
you see even Q4 and Q1, the decline continuing? And could you elaborate what exactly 
you mean by the geopolitical challenges? Now given U.S. tariff deal is done and 
dusted, although details are still awaited, do you think large part of that geopolitical is 
also behind or there is more to it? That is my first question? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Abneesh, first of all, great to hear from you, and good to have you on the call. And I 
think good question. Let me first talk about exports. So see, first of all, for us, the share 
of business of this part of the business is not that significant.  
But having said that, as you know, there is our pigments business. In our pigments 
business, we have a direct exposure to U.S. as in we do export to U.S. And U.S. is a 
large component of our pigment exports overall. So I think that is the piece. This part 
got affected quite a lot in Q3 of the current financial.  

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 4 of 20
Q1 had got affected a little, Q2 got affected a little bit more, but Q3 got severely 
affected, if I can use the word and the second area where we got a little affected in our 
B2B business is in the indirect sources. So, in our other B2B businesses where, for 
instance, we supply to footwear, we supply to some other leather chemicals or even 
textile. 
Some of these were affected because of their export getting affected. Our own sense is 
that this is largely behind us. We should see action based on the new tariff rate, 
hopefully, maybe by the turn of this quarter itself, but definitely as we move forward. 
We also feel that the impact on B2B per se in this quarter and future quarters will also 
be minimal because of this prolonged negotiation, we had also built a few other plan 
Bs, if I could say.  
So there are things which we have done, which will also begin to fructify as we go 
forward. So, I think, therefore, to that extent, this part is largely behind us, assuming 
the new tariff rate, which has been announced is implemented. I think on the broader 
philosophical question of geopolitical uncertainty, Abneesh, we do live in a world 
where there is considerable geopolitical uncertainty.  
Even now, it is on, and to be fair, I think some of the wars are far from over. Russia- 
Ukraine is not over as yet. There is also the conflict in the Middle East. There is also 
the overall Iran question. And some of these, while they may be political and maybe 
wars, but some of them are also very sensitively situated. 
So there are possibilities of any kind of commercial ramifications. So the comment 
which you were referring to, which was also a more broader point, stems from there. 
So the geopolitical uncertainty in general is there, and it is something which we have 
to learn to live with and we are learning to live with as we go forward. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sudhanshu, two follow-ups. One is to understand correctly, you think in Q4 and Q1, 
sharp decline in exports as we speak today, that seems unlikely, right? That was my 
first follow-up? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
No, that seems unlikely. As I was telling you, I think we have other plans and all that. 
So overall, our B2B we would continue to see back. By the way, domestic B2B 
delivered mid-teens growth. I think it is part of our commentary as well somewhere 
but we delivered mid-teens growth. So our domestic B2B has delivered mid-teens 
growth is something I want to tell you. Second is that we have got plans in place to, 
therefore, bring back our entire B2B back into at least mid-teens, so double digit and 
mid-teens. So I think those are in place. 

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 5 of 20
Abneesh Roy: 
And Sudhanshu, second follow-up is, do we have clarity now almost reasonably on 
U.S., what kind of pricing rates, etcetera, because details have not come and any benefit 
from the EU trade deal or that does not change much for you? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
No, EU trade deal benefits will accrue to us, but there are two things on EU trade deal, 
perhaps maybe three. I think one is that EU trade deal till the time it is ratified by the 
European Parliament and all that, is at the very least, 6 months away, maybe 9 months 
away. So therefore, anything in that in terms of when the rubber hits the road on the 
ground will happen only towards the end of this year.  So it is sometimes in next fiscal 
and all that, maybe second half of next fiscal.  
But I think it benefits us. We export to EU. So therefore, there will be correct direct 
benefits there. Plus also, as part of our planning in general, which we were talking 
about in response to your earlier question on export, we have been looking at other 
geographies, and EU is one of them. 
So therefore, the business development work which has happened, which hopefully 
will be further accelerated and will give us better fillip as and when some of these 
things play out. So therefore, we are in good position. But it is not going to impact us 
tomorrow or definitely not in the quarter and maybe the quarter after. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Understood. My last question is on basically your India Consumer and Bazaar, 
extremely good growth, and almost 9%, 10% very, very predictable growth, which is 
a great achievement, given very few companies grow at this number. My question is 
basically in two parts.  
One is, I was surprised to see mass media advertising by Roff tile cleaner. I see very 
good presence in e-commerce, quick commerce. The question here is how do you 
compete with multinational companies which have economies of scale, both in terms 
of raw material and finished products? 
Second, they are a team. So again, do you set up the full team here? So do you have 
plans for more products? I do understand Roff has some level of right to win here, but 
Reckitt Benckiser, Unilever, ITC, they have so many cleaning products. Why will 
consumer buy a Roff cleaning product? That was first part. 
Second is real estate slowdown is now quite real. If you see the real state stocks, most 
of them are Tier 1, Tier 2 markets and you are pan-India consumption. So if you could 
address Tier 1, Tier 2, are you seeing some level of slowdown in the real estate, that is 
a subset of your overall C&B? But any level of slowdown you are seeing there, which 
is getting more than compensated. Your overall numbers are very good. But any 
anecdotal evidence you can share? 

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 6 of 20
Sudhanshu Vats: 
So, Abneesh, three questions there, and maybe I will answer two and perhaps touch on 
the third and ask Kavinder to build further. I think on the first question on Roff mass 
market, building the Roff brand, which is the advertising you talked about, I think that 
is our classic Pidilite playbook. I think Roff is our next big brand. 
And when we build a brand, we built a brand holistically. We do not say we are 
building the brand only for applicators or vice versa only for consumers because some 
of them are not strictly, in any case, Bazaar brands are not strictly only, India is a DIFM 
country, so not strictly to be used by the consumers, but consumers are aware of them.  
They will ask for it. They know that they trust them, and therefore, you know. So 
therefore, that is a journey, and you will continue to see that. We have invested in the 
quarter gone by, in Q3, considerably behind Roff. Also on impact properties, including 
in specific geographies where we have actually been on some of the very strong impact 
properties like Big Boss and all that, you have seen us on cricket and all that. So 
therefore, we are building Roff brand. 
So that is the first question. That's a journey which will continue. It will be like our 
other brands, Fevicol, Dr. Fixit, Fevikwik, Roff, these are brands and you will see we 
will be building some of these big brands, which are going to be. So therefore, that's 
very clear. 
And your second question was specifically to a product on Roff cleaner. So basically, 
our view is, we are not competing directly with the CPG or FMCG companies. But 
there are certain products which are relevant to our area of operation sometimes or 
where we have very distinct product superiority or advantage. 
So when it comes to Roff Cera Clean, you will see that people swear by the efficacy 
of Roff Cera Clean. And there are other products, and I am not commenting on them, 
but people are very happy on our Roff Cera Clean. It is also a clear adjacency to 
basically, when you are doing tiling work or you are doing some of this work, you 
would like to clean it and you leave this, make the cleaning easier, educate our 
applicators. 
So I think that is an area where I think Roff Cera Clean, definitely scores, and it could 
be picked up by different things. And sometimes now consumers are also picking it 
up, but then so be it. So I think that's the second part. On the third part, I'll tell you, I'd 
like to just make one quick comment and then maybe Kavinder can further develop on 
it. 
See, first of all, our portfolio is not only new construction dependent. Our portfolio has 
new construction, renovation and repair. And renovation and repair account for maybe 

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 7 of 20
70% plus, I would say, 70% to 75%, and new construction is more like 25%, maybe a 
little higher, so depending on the cycle. So that is the ratio. 
So first of all, we are well equipped even if there is a downturn in new construction. 
But I will tell you, and that's the reason I'll now hand over to Kavinder to talk to you 
how we look at construction. It's not only a builder, which is one part, which is no 
doubt, and then within that also, last point I wanted to say that when you look at now 
new residential construction, parts of it is slowing down, parts of it is not slowing 
down. 
So I think India is therefore, a bit like a large elephant, which one are you feeling? So 
ultra-high end this thing, I see no slowdown. I'd say they are selling as if you are 
selling, they go off the shelf like very quickly, but I think there may be small, the 
second home construction or large bungalows coming up, there is actually only going 
up. That is not slowing down at all.  
So that piece, you are not seeing. But I think lastly, I also wanted to take this question 
of yours, Abneesh, to, once again, many people on the call to understand how we are 
looking at this entire piece now. This is well beyond residential builder segment, which 
is what you loosely refer to as construction. So with this, I will hand over to Kavinder 
to talk about a little bit of about this piece as to how we are looking at this. 
Kavinder Singh: 
Yes. Thank you, Sudhanshu, for giving an overall overview of this answer to this 
question. I will just build on what Sudhanshu was saying. I think the way we are 
looking at in our construction portfolio, we span across multiple categories in 
construction portfolio, the waterproofing piece, there is a tile adhesive piece and there 
is a flooring piece. And there are, of course, other small pieces, but let us build on these 
three, four things. 
So first of all, we are not, let's say, focused only on residential sector. Our three lines 
of business focus across segments. So whether it is residential, whether it is 
commercial, whether it is, let's say, government segment, whether it is infra and 
industries, so there is an approach that we have. 
And as we speak, and I think I mentioned earlier also, we are going segment out 
because our solutions span across segments. So for us, as of now, I can confirm to you 
that we haven't seen any slowdown whatsoever even in residential. And by the way, 
within the industry, we keep talking to each other who are in the allied businesses. And 
as of now, we do not see any slowdown in any part of the construction segment. 
We are seeing right now, business as usual. And if you look at what has been spoken 
in the budget very recently, whether it is the city economic regions that the government 

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 8 of 20
is trying to promote, Tier 2, Tier 3, whether it is the fact that there is a desire to focus 
on infrastructure and urbanization, I think the next 3 to 5, maybe even 7 years, and 
even if you were to look at a segment like hotels, there is significant construction going 
on as we speak. 
So when I span our businesses into multiple segments, I find that there are more 
opportunities that we can tap currently. So, at this moment of time, I do not think we 
should be worried about any particular segment slowing down. As it is, we are 
widespread across segments. And we have a very clear go-to-market route through the 
architects, structural consultants into the projects route to offer them solutions across 
waterproofing, across tile adhesion and flooring and few other allied products. So just 
to give you a bit of a reassurance that this is not a cause of worry to us at all at this 
moment of time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance Co Limited. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Two questions. First, on the growth side, I mean, while it is tremendous performance 
versus other consumer companies for last many quarters, just one curiosity, as you are 
increasing or reinvesting your gross margin benefit into, say, A&SP and other retail 
activities also, I am sure that you are doing, why is it so that the volume growth is, say, 
around 9% or 10%? Shouldn't it go up if you are spending more on, say, ATL, BTL? 
And if that is not the case, is it not better to, say, increase the gross margin if it is not 
yielding the incremental volume growth? So that is first question. 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
No, I think from where you are coming, it's a very good question and I wouldn't deny 
that. But let me give you a little bit of context and color to this. So I think, first of all 
what happens in businesses and in life, it's not a magical wand that I have increased 
my A&SP by so and so, and I should get results immediately. Although in e-commerce 
performance marketing, you would get it a little bit, but that's not what we do. 
I think when you are building the brands, therefore, what happens is, it is for building 
it for a medium to long term. And I think that has also been our approach. Let me 
illustrate to your point as to what is happening. So if you look at we have started 
dialling up on our A&SP for some time, to like last two or three quarters, you have 
seen that.  
If you look at our historical growth or let's look at even last year growth, forget, I'm 
saying let's take last year number. So if you look at our last year growth at a 
consolidated level, revenue growth was 6.1%. Our UVG was a bit better. There was a 
price thing which was coming in.  

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 9 of 20
This year, on the UVG, we have already dialled up about 100 bps. And on revenue 
growth, we have dialled up even higher, although that is some of it is because the 
pricing is coming up. So if you look at our 9 months consolidated growth, that is around 
10%. So therefore, you are seeing a fillip in the growth. 
Now the question is, and our desire rate to continue to maintain this growth because 
for us, the EBITDA corridor which we have shared is 20% to 24%. We are also very 
conscious that we should have right profitability, at the same time, focus on building 
capabilities, building brands. And all of that is leading to improved in revenue growth, 
as you pointed out. So the question is, from where we stand, from our vantage point, 
the way we are seeing, we are seeing improvement in top line growth. We would like 
to continue to improve our UVG and therefore, the top line growth as we go forward. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Understood. Just one follow-up on this. So you see as an effort of all these, I mean, 
say, A&SP or branding activity, volume growth can go up from here also, say, in next 
two, three quarters. I am not saying next quarter or this is an optimal level. That is one 
follow-up. And just second question, broadly from the medium-term perspective, you 
have given breakup of all the brands which are under core growth and pioneer? 
I mean many of these growth categories were, say, probably a couple of years back, 
were in the pioneer category and have moved up to growth. Do you think you have 
enough levers or enough funnel in this pioneer or the strength in the growth categories, 
which can continue to give double-digit kind of volume growth just from, say, next 2 
years' perspective? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Yes. I think on the first question, see, I have already illustrated that our underlying 
volume growth has gone up by almost 100 to 150 bps in this period, and we would like 
to continue to sustain that momentum, and we will continue to grow it in the medium 
term and perhaps year-on-year. So we remain confident that we should be able to do 
this as we go forward. 
By the way, let me also tell you, because a lot of the people you may be hearing on the 
other company analyst con calls and all that, usually refer to volume growth as simple 
or what you call total volume growth, what is the word we use which is, and that 
number for us is a multiple of our underlying volume growth.  
So therefore, that number for us is much higher. That number is further improving. So 
therefore, overall, are we being able to do that? The answer is yes. Two is, do we have 
pipeline in our pioneering businesses and even in growth? So I think there are two parts 
to this answer. One, we would like our growth businesses to continue to grow better.  

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 10 of 20
And I think we are seeing some evidence there. So if you look at Dr. Fixit's growth 
this year is better than the growth has been in the last 2 to 3 years. I can tell you that. I 
think it is distinctly better. So we pushed this up a little bit. Roff's growth at this 
moment is very robust, very good. So therefore, those growth ones. 
And even within pioneering, this is a subject I wouldn't like to get in too much detail, 
but I can tell you our funnel on pioneering is reasonably strong. We have got a lot of 
things coming in there. Our sealants portfolio is doing quite well under the FeviSeal 
brand. There is a lot of scope in that space. 
UnoFin is very early, but that has tremendous potential as we go forward. Some of our 
B2B spaces where we are looking at adjacencies and new categories, there is scope 
there. Even in consumer, there are quite a few promising, pioneering spaces, which are 
coming in. We just introduced our Shoefix which is now Fevicol Shoefix which can 
repair all kinds of shoes, not only leather, but EVA shoes and all that.  
First response in the market is really good. Last quarter, we have just introduced our 
consumer kids portfolio under Fevicryl Yudu, very, very early, but good response in 
the market. So I am just giving you a few examples. But all I am telling you is that our 
pioneering innovation pieces and all that, quite a few of them are there.  
And then we also have premiumization and new formats within our existing brands, 
which have potential to be pioneering and converting quickly from pioneering to 
growth. One quick example I want to give you here is that of our Fevicol Nail-free 
Ultra. That is absolutely running away, and that will be very quickly our growth 
product in terms of just from basically having been launched as a pioneering product. 
So that is the piece. 
Our Litokol, which is basically Litokol joint venture, which is basically our epoxy 
grout under Roff brand, it is called Roff Starlike, is doing very well, very well from a 
pioneer to growth now, and it is growing really well. We have got many of these in the 
pipeline. So therefore, I am just giving you a few examples. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My first question was after a long time, you are seeing some price growth in the stand-
alone P&L, revenue growth being 2.5%, 3% ahead of volume growth UVG. So just 
wanted to understand what are the sources of this price growth? Is it sustainable given 
that input cost have been benign? Is the growth giving you now confidence to also take 
some marginal pricing, and can we expect that going ahead also? 

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 11 of 20
Sudhanshu Vats: 
I think we talked about this. Arnab, thank you for the question, first of all. I think 
Sandeep had last time also spoken about this. I think my view is that in the zone of 
about 100 to 150 bps, in and around there, I think you should continue to expect, I 
think it would be our endeavor, but will it flow through as a formulate number quarter-
on-quarter, year-over-year, perhaps no. 
So I would caution against that also. I think it is a combination of some of the times. 
But I think there is room and we always keep exploring opportunities for wherever 
there is room for pricing, price laddering corrections, a little bit of pricing room. So I 
think that's the way it is. Sandeep, if you want to add a little bit more. 
Sandeep Batra: 
I mean, just to add to what Sudhanshu said that you are absolutely right, Arnab, that 
input costs have been benign at an overall level, but there could be a few categories 
where there could be input cost-led or even otherwise an opportunity to take some 
tactical pricing. And that is something that, given that we keep our ears very close to 
the ground. 
We always continue to identify such opportunities where we can take pricing without 
actually hurting the premium that we charge, without the premium going way beyond 
our comfort corridor. So this kind of gap that you saw in the third quarter, as Sudhanshu 
said, anywhere between 100 bps or so, should get maintained. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My second question was actually regarding water proofing to your comment that you 
have seen definitely improvement in Dr. Fixit growth. I am just correlating it with 
some of the paint companies commentary that the repainting cycle has been extending 
and the industry demand seems very muted in paints? 
And this is one category which at least to us looks a little close to paints in terms of a 
lot of times it happens together, the water proofing and the painting. So are you not 
seeing any impact of that or would you say that your portfolio is more remedial based 
or like new construction based where the repainting cycle may not be a big factor in 
waterproofing growth for you? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
So yes, I cannot comment on the other, Arnab, on the commentary given by others and 
maybe there is some merit, and they perhaps see it more closely. But what we see is, 
and I think I am just building on to our earlier answer we gave to Abneesh's question, 
both I and Kavinder. 
I think the point is, for us, water proofing has got all three components. Repair, I think 
that is where there is maximum or some overlap with painting. Then a slightly, I use 
the word renovation which goes beyond a small or simple repair. I think that is where 

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 12 of 20
we become more important if it's very specific, if it's a bit more chronic. So our 
specialization in this space remains an important piece. 
And I think the third is, of course, new construction. Now within new construction, 
and I think as Kavinder was saying, you may have heard, noticed that or heard that, is 
that we are also expanding what all areas we could be waterproofing well beyond 
homes as well. Although home is a larger state, particularly in Bazaar business, 
absolutely, yes, but we are going well beyond home.  
I think that is an area which you will continue to see action. So Dr. Fixit as a brand, 
therefore, has room for growth in all aspects. And lastly, I think we continue to see 
reasonably robust growth in small towns and rural India. I do not know the commentary 
of others in that, but small town and rural India also continues to give us the fillip. So 
we have seen a fillip particularly this year in that space as well. 
So it's a combination of the distributor strength basically being there in repair, 
renovation and new construction, and overall construction, the way we are beginning 
to look at now as a company, which gives us a much wider addressable market, if I can 
use the term, which I think all you guys use. So therefore, that is the piece which we 
have seen robust growth. We would like to continue to see this growth, and we are 
confident that we will. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak. 
Jay Doshi: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. I have a quick follow-up on the previous 
response. Do you think that you have started to gain market share in waterproofing 
once again? Maybe there was a phase of 2 or 3 years where you lost out to new entrants, 
largely decorative paint companies. Do you think we are seeing some reversal of the 
market share trends?  
Sudhanshu Vats: 
It is a very good question. I think with the growth which we are seeing, I think that 
definitely would be the case is my sense. And I can tell you now for both Kavinder and 
me, I think that is why our focus is a lot on growth. We want to have growth, which is 
very clear, which is a standout growth if I can use the word meaning which is not like 
in the zone of the market. 
You would like to say, okay, whatever you assume the market is growing, we would 
like to grow well ahead of that so that you are in the business of continuously gaining 
the share as we also build the market. We are all both in waterproofing and even tile 
adhesives and all, there is a large job to be done to even develop the market. There is 
no debate about that. There is a lot of scope to be done. But in developing that market, 
we will continue to do. I will ask Kavinder to add on this. 

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 13 of 20
Kavinder Singh: 
Thanks Sudhanshu. Just to build on your question, I think I will just once again talk 
about what we are doing, and in a way, I think it will answer your question, hopefully. 
So what's happening is that in waterproofing, we have two components. One is the 
retail component and other is the projects component. 
The retail component, as Sudhanshu was saying, has started growing. And that is where 
your question of gaining market share is probably even more valid. Again, these are 
early days. We are doing our bit to get our act together, both in terms of our reach 
distribution and solutioning that we are doing across waterproofing solutions that we 
provide, including a few new products that we have launched, which are gaining some 
level of traction, but again, in the waterproofing space. 
Parallelly, we are driving the projects business much more than probably we have been 
able to drive by following the segment out kind of an approach and solution out kind 
of an approach. You may remember, we have talked about Pidilite Professional 
Solutions, which is doing a very good job in terms of getting ourselves specified for 
various solutions at various stages of construction for various segments, whether it is 
commercial, residential, et cetera, et cetera. 
So one side, we are going out on specification. Second side, we are going out on 
solutioning. Third side, we are definitely gaining share in the project space probably 
faster than retail. The combined effect of that is what is visible, obviously, because 
there is a large market, and we are not a very big player, though we have a very huge 
top of mind, but our, let's say, presence is, there is a lot that we can do and we are doing 
and therefore, whatever paint companies may say with regards to their situation, at 
least we are not seeing that situation for us in the space of waterproofing that your 
question was all about. So I hope this gives you a flavor as to what we are trying to do 
in waterproofing.  
And therefore, we believe that our own act of driving projects penetration, getting into 
markets where we have not been present, including the lower pop strata markets, and 
that is where, again, we are seeing huge growth. And the fact that Dr. Fixit, the retail 
piece, even in urban is beginning to look up again in terms of the various initiatives 
that we have taken with regards to the way we are going into the market.  
And there are certain things that we are doing, which we believe are working. And as 
a result of which we are seeing the growth that we are seeing in Dr. Fixit. Obviously, 
when we talk of construction, while you have been talking about waterproofing, tile 
adhesive is another story. And of course, it is also linked to construction, largely new 
construction and that is where, again, good growths are seen because this is more like 
a category creation activity that we are doing. And there, again, the trajectory is good, 

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 14 of 20
which again, was mentioned earlier. So, I hope you got the answer that you were 
looking for. 
Jay Doshi: 
That is very encouraging to know, especially the retail piece of water proofing. Now 
my second question is on Roff. Do you think that there is potential to double even from 
current levels or you think that the current scale the growth may start tapering off? 
Kavinder Singh: 
Let me just give you a bit of a perspective on tile adhesive category. I do not know, we 
may have talked about it earlier as well. But in case it is a repetition, than others should 
sort of hopefully, excuse me for that. See, tile adhesive as a category is a replacer of 
cement, as you know.  
And it is definitely more expensive than cement, okay, and significantly expensive. So 
while the conversion from cement to tile adhesive is going on reasonably well in the 
vertical surfaces, the conversion on the flooring piece is not as good as it could be 
because people do not see the need to replace cement on the floor. 
Of course, there is a need, but that is more technical, so we will talk about that maybe 
some other time. But right now it is important to know that the category creation is not 
happening automatically. There's a lot of work that needs to be done with the 
contractors, tiling contractors and Pidilite, all of us are wedded to the idea of working 
very closely with the user. 
So we are working with these contractors and actual tile layers to show them the 
advantage of how the tile adhesives improve the performance of tile laying so that there 
is no de-bonding, etcetera. And we are in a position to do that through actual working 
on the ground. Parallelly, we work on building the brand as we have been talking, ATL 
spends have been reasonably good, which again, Sudhanshu was alluding earlier.  
So there is a focus on making tile adhesive as an important part of tile laying, which is 
category creation is what I am saying. But if you look at in India, the growth of tile 
business is about 8%, 9%, maybe 10%. So it is not that tile laying is increasing 
dramatically. What is happening is the penetration of tile adhesive and tile laying is 
growing pretty fast, at least we believe in high double digits in terms of about 18%, 
20%, roughly to that effect. 
So it is a game of penetration. In the tile fixing, the penetration is increasing, and that 
is where and more so in the vertical structures. And that is where the opportunity for 
all the players in tile adhesive, not just us. And now here, I mean, it is a question of 
what each one of us do, which will help to open the category, meaning unlock the 
category even more. 

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 15 of 20
And also what acts we do with regards to go-to-market and ensuring that we are able 
to deliver the tile adhesive at a competitive cost because this is a very, very price-
sensitive category. And here, if you do not play your cards well in terms of distributed 
manufacturing, getting the product right in the first time, ensuring that the brand is sort 
of preferred, so there's a lot of act that needs to be done. 
So saying I am giving an answer to your question, whether it could double, I mean, 
very difficult to say. It's very important to note that this is a category which can be 
grown and we are growing the category apart from growing our share. And that is what 
we will keep doing. 
And whatever we double or whatever the number is, I think there will be an outcome. 
In Pidilite, we are very focused on what we do and normally, outcomes would follow 
in line with what we are aiming. So I would say that that is the way to look at this 
category. Slightly long answer to your short question, but I thought let me give you a 
bigger picture. 
Jay Doshi: 
So let me ask a follow-up there. You did mention that the category itself, tile adhesive, 
is growing at 18%, 20% and that is broadly 8%, 10% sort of tile growth and then 
balance is penetration. Do you think that the category growth can continue at this rate 
for another 2, 3 years? And I can understand that your growth market share will be a 
function of competitive landscape and how you play the portfolio. But are you 
confident that the category can grow at 18%, 20% for the next 3 years? 
Kavinder Singh: 
So I think the answer to that is how the players play the game. If the players play the 
game of creating great consistent products, if they continue to work with people on the 
ground, the answer is yes. So in lot of times, when category is growing fast, sometimes, 
you will see players coming and actually thinking that it is a cake walk and sometimes, 
that can actually lead to a different kind of a situation where some players may not 
give the products that are, let's say, going to perform. And sometimes it hurts category's 
growth. 
So I think it is important that all the players in this category are sort of playing their 
game right in terms of giving users too the amount of transaction and a reason to invest 
more money in tile adhesion versus cement. We need to constantly give them the 
reason so that is the core play that everyone must do to be able to grow the business. 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Jay, to just quickly build on what Kavinder said and sum it up for you, I think the 
category is growing robustly, as Kavinder explained to you. Do we see this momentum 
in the category? Yes, I think. So that is clear. And within that, are we beginning to play 
this reasonably well? The answer is yes. Kavinder explained it in some detail to you. 
So do we have the right to win? I think, yes.  

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 16 of 20
We need to be at it. We need to do the right thing, to Kavinder's point, and therefore, 
be able to see this. I just wanted to add one more data point for you here. If you 
remember last quarter, we had talked about our new premium range of tile adhesives 
called NioPro. And we had just introduced it. I want to share it on behalf of the team 
that NioPro is doing very wellJay. 
So therefore, I just want to leave you with saying that as we are in this game, we will 
have a Roff range of products and premium NioPro range of products, which will be 
selectively available, available to very select dealers and to the project teams. So we 
are excited by this play. Growth at about 18% to 20% of the category. We want to grow 
well ahead of the category. I leave your simulation and answers to you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark Institutional 
Equities. 
Tejash Shah: 
Congrats on good set of numbers in this environment. So my question pertains to VAM 
prices. Now historically, we, the analysts have been programmed to say that or see that 
this commodity remains very volatile, so $800 per tonne can actually jump to $1,600. 
And if my memory serves me right, it has gone north of that also? 
But last few years, the last few quarters, the range of volatility has come down. So just 
wanted to understand, are there any structural changes on the demand supply side 
globally that this commodity is not as volatile especially in this kind of macro 
environment as it used to be earlier? 
Sandeep Batra: 
Sure. Tejash, thanks for the question. So VAM, I think while it has always moved 
within a range, but the kind of spike that we saw post COVID, I think one of it probably 
coincided with the Russia-Ukraine conflict. And there, of course, the prices went up, 
but it was for a very brief period of time because they corrected as fast as they had 
gone up. 
Historically, the range has been much narrower than what you saw during that 
disruption. And one of the reasons that you could ascribe to it is that there has been 
significant capacity expansion in China, and that capacity is not getting consumed 
locally. And maybe that is why one of the reasons why overall prices remain a bit 
subdued. 
Plus, I think the feedstock for VAM, which may be you all know, oil derivative, but 
the two key raw materials being acetic acid, they have not seen any big upward 
movement. And likewise, even oil has remained kind of range bound. So that is why 
we see prices remaining at the kind of levels that they are. They could be 4%, 5% up 

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 17 of 20
or down but VAM today is maybe even less than 10% of our raw material basket. So 
even movements are not going to be so impactful as far as our margins are concerned. 
Tejash Shah: 
Yes. Very helpful. Second question is on, when we look at our distribution landscape, 
there's a lot of overlap between paints players and us and looking at where the paint 
segment is going through the rough phase right now, is it easier for us to, let's say, 
convert some of the paint players to house our products or convert them in terms of 
pushing some of our products because they are not seeing that much growth in the 
existing line of the business? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Our distribution, Tejash, we follow a distribution model to the market and we go much 
deeper. Most paint companies follow direct-to-dealer model, and I think they are, if I 
could use the word, slightly more urban-centric by definition, a little bit more urban. 
So the two are different. 
I think we always believe to continue to play our game, to continue to do our things 
well and to continue to basically focus on our product range and all that with the set of 
dealers which we visit. And some of them, there is an overlap, as you rightly said. But 
I think to each of the dealers that we visit, basically, we would like to grow our range. 
What I mean by that is to be able to sell more products to them, to be able to share with 
them the value which comes with premiumization and the quality of our products and 
therefore, continue to drive our sales in that way. 
Sandeep Batra: 
And I may add, Tejash, the overlap that you mentioned is only in paints and hardware 
outlets. Our GTM is not 100% paints and hardware. Our GTM has about 7 or 8 
different types. You have a building material, you have tile outlets, you have outlets 
for plywood which keep Fevicol and a large number of other GTM where paints 
products are not sold. 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Our GTM, our reach is order of magnitude higher to the paint leader in terms of direct 
reach to dealers, order of magnitude. 
Tejash Shah: 
Yes. Clear, sir. Sir, and the last one, it has been our focused initiative for the last many 
years on distribution-related initiatives, both in a numeric footprint and reform. So any 
new projects or any specific projects you would like to call out? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Basically, when we go deep down, we have been looking at what we have been talking 
about Pidilite Ki Duniya( PKD). I think there is continuous work happening on 
basically making sure that we go deeper in PKD and there is also pilot happening on 
what we call super PKD. 

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 18 of 20
So therefore, how are we able to build greater depth and also better information and 
capability for demonstration as we go deeper as in by demonstration, I mean, user 
education, trying to make sure that some of our these things are available, both. So I 
would use the word phygitally, some of it digitally, some of it physically.  
So that is the next step in this distribution. So therefore, making distribution and 
demand generation sort of go along even better than what they have been in the past. 
And that work is happening as I speak to you. So we are going deeper, but we are also 
going into this, what we call super PKD. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sir, just one follow-up there. If we have to look at growth from the lens of distribution 
expansion and billing more from the same existing distribution, I know it's very 
difficult in your line of business, but what would be that rough breakup that how many 
new touch points or how many new, I would say, accounts you are adding versus you 
are going deeper with your portfolio innovation and more volume growth from the 
existing distribution? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
So I think bulk of it is from the latter, which is basically distribution from our existing 
points, basically, so for a like-for-like growth, some of it is coming through 
premiumization, some of it is coming through range. A small component is through 
expansion. And while we do both, because the other thing is also, I mean, that basically 
we'll go deeper, but when we go deeper, you would realize that realization per unit as 
you keep going deeper is much lower. And that has to be built for the future as we go 
forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JPMorgan. 
Latika Chopra: 
My questions, a lot of them have been already answered, but I just wanted to get some 
color from you on any updates that you could share on some of the new ventures on 
Haisha Paints and electronic adhesives? And also on the core adhesives portfolio, could 
you give us some color on how the savings for this portfolio has trended over the last 
few years, given pioneer and growth categories have continued to accelerate? 
Electronic adhesives, the new pioneering segment that we are seeing? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Yes, both these pioneering segments. So on the Haisha Paints, we were present in 
TAO-TK, as you would remember, and many of the people on the call perhaps would 
remember, is that we were present in what is in most of the Southern states, Telangana, 
Andhra, Odisha and then Tamil Nadu and Karnataka, we call that TAO-TK. We have 
gone to the Eastern states as well, two or three of those states. 
We continue to progress well but we are still not and I keep saying this, sorry, for it 
may seem like a repetition of what I said, but then that is the case. I think we are making 

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 19 of 20
steady progress, but we are not being able to ascertain for ourselves as to what our 
right-to-win model is. Actually, what is this business model which will give us very 
clear right to win before we go to all-India in all the small towns and Rurban. 
So while our play and license to play is small town to Rurban, we are clear of that, but 
our right-to-win model needs to be polished a little bit more, Latika. But progress is 
on, it's a relatively steady progress, and we want to sort of continue to build on that 
and we will sort of take our time to sort of strengthen this as we go forward. 
I think on electronics as well, a lot of work is happening. We are also expanding the 
equivalent of TAM. So we are now looking at not only consumer electronics, but we 
are also, as I speak to you, looking at some of the automotive and some of the other 
spaces and I think we are beginning to do specification work there. 
But a lot of this work, which we are doing here is quite laborious and it takes time. 
And therefore, when and as we get it right, it will be a little bit more geometric in terms 
of the outcome that you will see. So it's a bit like that keep working, keep working and 
then we will start once we get those some of the large orders, some small commercial 
orders are coming, but large orders will need specifications. 
Testing in most of these spaces, whether it's consumer electronics, electronic autos is 
very rigorous. It goes through a couple of rounds, but each of the round could be 12 
months, 12 to 18 months. So this is a rigorous process. We are at it though. There is a 
lot of work happening in this space as well. We continue to remain excited in this 
space. And there is a lot of work. So we are peddling very hard. You are not seeing it 
above the water, but we continue to do that. I think that is the piece which is happening. 
Latika Chopra: 
Sure. Just last bit, Sudhanshu, was just trying to get some thoughts around the core 
adhesive portfolio, anything on how is the growth trajectory there? Is it more like high 
single digit? Is it very volume driven? Is it very niche driven? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Adhesive portfolio is, again, Latika, is a very wide turf because we have all kinds of 
adhesive but I think to be fair, a lot of it is core, as you rightly pointed out, our Fevicol 
adhesives, even our Fevicol for the kids, MR and all that. I think in all these spaces, 
we are seeing robust single-digit growth. I think more like 1.2 to 1.4x of the GDP.  
So in the zone. Could it be a bit better? Yes, I think that is an area we would like to 
continue to strive for, but I think that is the piece, but even here, what we are 
continuously doing is a lot more innovation, a bit more premiumization, a lot of 
projects and pilots are on. Unfortunately, I do not want to elaborate on this at this 
moment. 

Pidilite Industries Limited 
February 04, 2026 
Page 20 of 20
But across the board, there is a lot of work on this. And in subsequent quarters, we will 
be able to share with you also some really exciting work happening in this space as 
well, so which I think will give us fillip as we go ahead in some of these areas as well. 
Some of the stuff is very exciting. That is what I can share with you. And we are 
piloting it as we speak to you. So that gives us a lot of confidence to continue to 
maintain, more than maintain, inch up these growth a little bit more. 
Moderator: 
The last question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie. 
Avi Mehta: 
I just had one clarification and just trying to understand. See, if I were to adjust for this 
one-off Labour Cost, Labour Code impact, and we are already at almost about 25.5% 
EBITDA margin. Your input costs are benign. Your demand momentum is actually 
doing very well. Is it fair or is it a possibility that near term, we could kind of breach 
that 20% to 24% range significantly upwards? 
Sandeep Batra: 
So, I think if you look at our last few quarters, we have. Even last quarter, it was above 
the 24% range. This quarter, again, because of benign input prices and even if you 
adjust and after adjusting for the one-off, it was higher. But as I said, our objective is 
to drive for faster growth. So we will continue to be on the lookout for opportunities 
where we can reinvest whatever gains we are getting from margin expansion. 
And again, just a word of caution, do not look at our numbers on a quarterly basis. 
Look at a slightly longer term, look at a full year as a basis. In this one quarter, yes, it 
may appear to be ahead of or above the comfort corridor. But if you look at full year, 
we are confident that we will be at the upper end of this 20%, 24% range. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it, sir. That’s all from my side. Thank you very much.
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for the closing comments. 
Sandeep Batra: 
Thank you very much for your continued interest in Pidilite and wish each of you a 
very great evening. Thank you. 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
