Kellton Tech Solutions Ltd., CIN: L72200TG1993PLC016819 
Regd. Office: Plot No. 1367, Road No. 45, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad-500033, Telangana, India 
Tel: +91-40-44333000 Email: info@kellton.com Website: www.kellton.com  
Plot No. 404-405, 6th Floor, iLABS Centre, Udyog Vihar, Phase III, Gurugram-122016, Haryana, India Tel: +91-124-4698900 
Ref no.- KTSL/2025-2026/085 
To 
The General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street Fort, Mumbai-400001 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 519602 
Scrip Code: KELLTONTEC 
Subject: Transcript of Q3/FY 26 Earnings Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of Q3/FY 26 Earnings Call held on Thursday, February 13, 2026.  
Further, in accordance to Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript is also available on the website of the Company.   
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
For and on behalf of 
Kellton Tech Solutions Limited 
Rahul Jain 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI M No. ACS62949 
Date: February 17, 2026 
Place: Hyderabad  
Rahul 
Jain
Digitally signed 
by Rahul Jain 
Date: 2026.02.17 
10:34:11 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
Kellton Tech Solutions Limited 
Q3 & 9 months’ FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Kellton Tech Solutions Limited Q3 & 9 
months FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need any 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on 
your touch-tone phone. I would like to thank you all for participating in today's companies 
Earnings Call for the third Quarter of the Financial Year 2026. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements 
made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature, and such forward-looking 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which should cause actual results to differ 
from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well as 
assumptions made from the information currently available to the management. Audiences 
are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making 
any investment decisions. The purpose of today's Earnings Call is purely to educate and bring 
awareness about the company's fundamental business and the Financial Quarter under review. 
Now I would like to introduce you to the management participating with us today. We have 
with us Mr. Niranjan Chintam, Chairman and Whole-Time Director. Mr. Karanjit Singh, Chief 
Executive Officer, India. And Mr. Srinivas Potluri, Chief Executive Officer, US. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Niranjan Chintam. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Thank you, Mike. Good evening, good afternoon, and good morning to all of you for joining the 
Q3 Earnings Call. 
I want to start off with the financial highlights, and then we will talk about operational 
highlights as well as customer wins and followed by questions and answers right behind that. 
So, I want to quickly talk about our financial results. I know we have published this, but I will 
go over it, just to give you a quick summary of it. So, I will not go bore you with all the details, 
but I will go with the numbers that we have.  

 
Page 2 of 10 
The revenue we have achieved Rs. 308 crores compared to Rs. 300 crores of last quarter, which 
is about 2.7% growth over the last quarter. And EBITDA was about Rs. 39.7 crores versus Rs. 
37.8 crores for the last quarter. So, we have a 5% growth there. When it comes to the PAT, we 
are at Rs. 25.5 crores versus Rs. 24 crores for the last quarter, again a 5.8% growth. The EBITDA 
was around 12.9%, and the PAT margin is 8.3%, whereas in the last quarter, the PAT was 8%. 
So, they continuously show improvement when it comes to revenue as well as the bottom line.  
Going back to the nine-months’ one, the previous nine months, last nine months was Rs. 905 
crores versus Rs. 812 crores the last year. And when it comes to EBITDA, we are at Rs. 113 
crores versus Rs. 99.5 crores. And EBITDA margin was 12.5% versus 12.2% of the previous nine 
months. Again, the PAT margin is at 8% for the whole nine months up to now, and the previous 
year it was 7.4%. The diluted EPS is Rs. 1.4 versus Rs. 1.3 for the nine months. When it comes 
to the quarter, the EPS stood at 50 paisa versus 40 paisa for the last quarter. So, there is an 
improvement there too. 
With that, I want to hand over to Karanjit to talk about operational highlights and the customer 
wins. Karanjit, over to you. 
Karanjit Singh: 
Good evening everyone, and thank you Niranjan. So, I will cover both the new customer wins 
as well as the operational highlights. So, let me first start with the client wins. So, I think I have 
a long list. We have about 11 clients, but I will quickly go through some of them so that you 
sort of get a little bit of color on these client wins.  
So, the first one that I would like to mention is basically a leading end-to-end product 
engineering. It is a global technology giant, and we are engaged with them on the product 
engineering for cloud-native and cross-device web applications. And we are basically doing this 
on enterprise-grade services like Microsoft. And on the back end, it is all architected on Azure. 
The second one, which is a very interesting one, is actually a legacy modernization. So, the 
client is basically executing, we are executing an autonomous modernization strategy to 
transform their monolithic ERP environment, into basically a hyper scalable .NET core micro 
services-based application. So, what is interesting here is that this is basically not an upgrade 
in the same technology stack. We are basically moving it from one language to another and 
this language is an old-generation language. And of course, there is a heavy use of AI here. In 
fact in here, we have written our own agents. In fact, we have used AI for development on this 
one. So, we have created our own agents that help us. It is about four million lines of code, so 
obviously we cannot do it manually. We are basically leveraging AI heavily, and in fact the latest 
Claude models to help with this.  
Similarly, basically we are partnering with a world leader in heavy engineering, where we are 
helping them deploy AI-driven orchestration systems, which will help them streamline their 
complex industry 4.0-driven manufacturing workflows. So, obviously, there is some amount of 

 
Page 3 of 10 
agentic intelligence being built into their manufacturing workflows and large-scale engineering 
projects.  
Similarly, we are driving a large-scale application modernization program, again for a global 
leader in food services. And basically, we are trying to help them with data engineering and the 
AI-led transformation side of things. 
Similar stuff we are doing with one of the largest providers of travel tech in India, again where 
they are again trying to basically modernize their platform and basically inject AI-orchestrated 
engineering into the whole thing.  
We are also seeing a lot of traction on the ServiceNow side, and we have been in the 
ServiceNow thing and we had an acquisition there. So, we basically are engaged with at least 
two, three clients now that we have won, where we are helping them. So, one of them where 
we are helping them with engineering high velocity, AI orchestrated a source-to-pay workflows. 
This is again on the ServiceNow platform for a global healthcare provider. We are doing a 
similar thing for ITOMS, for another North American public sector power company. 
A similar thing for a financial services customer, which is a global industry leader in kind of 
deployment of their now assist-generated AI platform within the ServiceNow ecosystem. And 
in addition to that, we are also working, we just have started an engagement with one of the 
largest telecom providers in the U.S., where we are helping them architect financial hyper-
precision by deploying a high-fidelity AI Ops intelligence layer, again within their ServiceNow 
kind of ecosystem. So, these are kind of some of the customers that have been, I have not 
covered everyone, every one of them, but this will give you a general sense of the kind of wins 
and the kind of work that we are getting at this point. 
To go on the operational highlights, I will cover a few here: 
So, we just enabled the algorithmic financial systems for a premier global bank by automating 
their mission-critical payment workflows across multiple countries, across markets. Similarly, 
we have also achieved the highest level of partnership. We have achieved the Microsoft 
solution partner designation across three areas; data and AI, digital and app innovation, and 
infrastructure as well. This kind of places us amongst a very select group of companies within 
the Microsoft partner program and our relationship with Microsoft is growing, and we continue 
to sort of strengthen it and work jointly with them.  
We also, for one of the premier and largest creative agencies, we basically work with them to 
develop an AI-orchestrated creative at scale ecosystem, as they call it. This basically helps 
them, and this company operates around 140 countries. What this will help them is using AI, 
eliminate a lot of manual production bottlenecks that you face, and it will kind of move them, 
move their creative workflows into an autonomous, brand-governed, hyper-personalized asset 

 
Page 4 of 10 
generation. So, this will help them really scale their outreach to their customer and time to 
market. 
Similarly, we have developed for a global communication provider, agentic AI-driven 
verification fabric, and this has been developed on our own proprietary KAI platform, which 
kind of helps them to address board-level risks and also things like sim swap frauds and account 
takeovers and things like that.  
We have also been selected by a prominent UN agency to design and deliver a generative AI 
integrated application supporting their global humanitarian program. So, these are also the key 
operational projects or operational highlights that we achieved during this quarter. So, that is 
all I have. Thank you. 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Thank you, Karanjit. A lot more detail is in our earnings presentation, and we welcome any 
questions that you might have in the Q&A. So, please do join the queue. Mike, can we open it 
up for Q&A? 
Moderator: 
Sure. We will now begin the question-answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. We have the first question from the line of 
Jayaprakash from Axler Research. Please go ahead. 
Jayaprakash: 
Hi congratulations on a stable set of performance last quarter. I wanted to understand that 
currently on the ongoing scenario around the world, if you look at all the shares of major IT 
companies, for example, ServiceNow company listed elsewhere, which is one company that 
you have recently acquired, also functions on a similar domain that is down around 50% over 
the last one year. And there are fears related to AI taking up a lot of services going forward. 
How do you see that? And related to data center CAPEX, which is going to come up very soon, 
is there any opportunity for Kellton to probably add value or participate in that? 
Niranjan Chintam: 
So, thank you for the question, Jayaprakash. I will answer the first question or the second 
question, rather, where you talked about the data center part of it. Yes, absolutely we have 
deep expertise when it comes to data center, both from setting it up our data centers as well 
as managing and maintaining data centers. So, we are actually partnered with a physical setup 
guy to cater towards one of the largest data centers in the world. We are still in the discussion 
stage, we are not at a proposal stage yet. We are responding to RFPs and we are going and 
presenting. So, we believe that we are in the front foot when it comes to, in the data center 
space, setting it up as well as maintaining and operating. So, right now, we are at the RFP stage, 
like I said.  
Now, coming to your first question about the software companies taking a tank, including the 
services company, right, which they are calling the SaaS apocalypse, that we do not believe 
that, you know, it is just a hype that is going around there. We do not believe that there is going 

 
Page 5 of 10 
to be a big impact on this. The impact is going to be more on per seat kind of revenue that, you 
know, people operate. This is where the back office operations that happens for BPO related 
activities; that is where we believe that there is going to be an impact. While, you know, people 
are talking about, Claude is going to replace all the SaaS platforms. Yes, Claude much might 
replace for the small mom and pop kind of places where there is a requirement for a SaaS 
platform. But when it comes to enterprises, right, enterprises will not bet big on, you know, 
homegrown or, setting it up using the Claude co-work platform. Now, I want to ask Srini to 
answer this because he is front and center on these things. So, I will let Srini give a little bit 
more color onto this SaaS apocalypse and what the impact is for Kellton or Kellton-like 
companies. Srini, can you jump in and answer this question, please?  
Srinivas Potluri: 
Sure Niranjan, thank you very much. To reiterate what Niranjan has been saying, the SaaS 
apocalypse that happened with the drop in share price values of all these SaaS platforms was, 
I mean, you can already see right now that things are improving and things are going back up. 
It was just a market reaction to something that Anthropic Claude released, right, recently. It 
released nothing but about 11 or 12 widgets or plugins, which are open source that seem to 
do a lot of stuff. But in reality, they are nothing but some workflow automations that was built 
about by actually logical steps going through. So, yes, I mean, what is being seen right now is 
that, you know, the progress that is being made on the AI front is real. The pace at which it is 
improving and putting solutions out there or potential solutions is there. But there is nothing 
that is impacted right now, other than the fact that customers are expecting more efficiencies 
in the workflow and in the workforce.  
So, basically, what it says is that in future, until now, scale has been associated with headcount. 
That will change, right? It will be more about outcome. And Kellton has always been on selling 
outcomes rather than selling billable hours and so on. So, the impact is going to be minimal, 
yes, but the rate at which improvements will happen and what will come out in the market will 
increase. So, that is the major difference that we see right now. And yes, ServiceNow has also 
all of these SaaS platforms, whether it be ServiceNow, Snowflake, Microsoft, all of them have 
in some way, shape or form, either internally started to build their agents and their AI 
components within their core. And in some cases, companies like ServiceNow to reacting to 
this have also preempted this by acquiring AI companies, right? 
So, we see that the SaaS companies will improve, will do what is necessary to compete and will 
adopt AI rather than Python. So, we do not see a huge impact either way. Yes, the way we 
operate will change, efficiencies will improve, but beyond that, I think that was just a market 
reaction. 
Jayaprakash: 
Okay, just a follow up to the previous question, that on a quarter-to-quarter basis, what type 
of productivity increase that you are seeing on a per employee basis, you know, you mentioned 
about efficiency per employees will go up, so I believe that. Let me complete my question. Yes, 

 
Page 6 of 10 
so and are you also looking to make your team more leaner? I think a more leaner team, given 
the productivity increase will probably increase shareholder value. 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Perfect, so let me answer. Let me answer that. You know, I guess we have two part question. 
Let me answer the second part first. Are we expecting a leaner team? Absolutely, we are 
expecting a leaner team. But there is a second school of thought where they are talking about 
that the volumes are going to increase because of the efficiency. So, we could be, you know, 
keeping the same team and increasing. I am just picking discussions that as we have 300 
customers today that could go to 400 or 500 customers, or it could be some people are talking 
about an order of magnitude too, right? So, we are still waiting and watching because what we 
are predicting today, with the rate of progress of AI, what are we going to be in a month from 
now is completely different. So, at this point, our prediction is that volumes will increase, while 
efficiencies are increasing. I will let Karanjit take that first answer on question on this. What are 
we seeing per employee? But it all depends, right? He will answer that it depends because units 
in our, in our company have different kinds of efficiencies that are coming in play. Karanjit, do 
you want to take that? Sorry, you were asking something else, Jay? 
Jayaprakash: 
No, that is it. 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Okay, Karanjit, can you answer that? 
Karanjit Singh: 
Yes. Thank you, Niranjan. Yes, so basically, see we have various engagements types with 
customers. So, wherever which is outcome, wherever we have outcome based contracts, you 
know, various steps of the development cycle. Obviously, we have different users of, you know, 
AI. So, like automation test, today QA test cases are pretty much written using our own KAI 
tools. Similarly, you know all the documentation, again gets generated by KAI tool, the stories 
and stuff like that, that all happens with the KAI tool. On the development side also, we 
basically use AI rolled out to all developers, we use CoPilot. And then again within that, we can 
use various models. But anyway, so the one where we can very clearly measure it is this 
outcome based projects, where we are seeing depending on the technology kind of project, is 
it a new one, is it an old one that you are upgrading to a new project where you are seeing 
between 20% to 30% efficiency gains. That is something that we can clearly see. Now if you 
already have a huge code base, then obviously, it depends on where you are working and things 
like that. 
So, that has been our experience, about 20% to 30% general gains. And this is being rolled out 
internally to every project. I also made a mention in my first part of my comments, where we 
said we are doing this translation, or basically a legacy modernization where we are converting 
a language to, let us say, a modern Microsoft.NET architecture. Now this is a big deal. It is 4 
million lines of code. Obviously it is sold, assuming certain, you know, already AI embedded 
into it. But I think in the manual world, the customer would not even have, that is something 
which possibly the customer would not have taken up that project. And even if he did, it would 

 
Page 7 of 10 
have been at least 3x to 4x of that value. So, that is the kind of new work that sort of Niranjan 
alluded to. So, that is the kind of our lived experience with this. 
Jayaprakash: 
Okay. 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Thank you, Jay. Is there any other questions, we would love to answer. 
Jayaprakash: 
Thank you. That is it. 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Thank you, Jay. Okay. Next question, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rohit, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Hi, Rohit. 
Rohit: 
Hi team. I am Rohit from Pune, a retail investor. Congratulations on acquiring Kumori 
Technologies. And I have one question. How does Kumori Technologies acquisition contribute 
to Kellton's growth? 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Sure. So, guess Kellton bet on three, four partnerships, you know, for the growth that we want 
to get to, right? One of them is ServiceNow, the other is Microsoft, and then we have a 
Snowflake, SAP, we already have that on. So, now when it comes to Kumori Technologies, 
right? Kellton had a certain partnership level earlier before the acquisition of Kumori. Kumori 
gave us some more expertise and a much deeper expertise when it comes to delivering, using 
services, using ServiceNow. Now we are at a different level of partnership with ServiceNow, 
and that is going to give us, better access to more customers. What Kumori has given us is a 
ready-made partnership with deeper expertise. And now using Kellton's sales arm and the 
global reach, we will be able to get a lot more customers as well as interactions when we are 
going with ServiceNow. You know, they are now saying, okay guys, you have so many 
certifications, and you are a certain level of partnership, our relationship has changed, and we 
expect revenue growth to be there. Karanjit, you want to answer, add anything on that? 
Karanjit Singh: 
Sure. So, basically, as Niranjan said right, so there is one is the strategic intent. So, we have kind 
of zeroed on certain partnerships. And for us, we had to figure out how do we accelerate this? 
So, what Kumori gives us, as Niranjan pointed out, is ServiceNow, they already have 
ServiceNow expertise. They have, they are working with the ServiceNow ecosystem already. 
So, we get all of that expertise. And you know, we are combining that with our Salesforce. So, 
it kind of helps now to do a global outreach of their capabilities. And there is a lot of traction 
that we have actually been seeing very specifically at ServiceNow and take that to market. So, 
kind of, and also they have sort of, now we can actually sell to all our customers all over the 
world, from the US and also APAC region, Europe, everywhere. So, that is kind of what it is. And 

 
Page 8 of 10 
of course, we get case studies and expertise and technical capabilities, that is a given. So, it just 
helps us accelerate our journey. 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Thank you, Rohit. Any other questions? So, can we go to the next question? 
Moderator: 
Sure. We have the next question from the line of Pratik Dedhia, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Pratik Dadia: 
Hi, am I audible? 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Yes you are Pratik. Go ahead. 
Pratik Dadia: 
Yeah. Okay. Thanks. So, yeah, I think coming back to the efficiency part, I understand that there 
have been efficiency gains with the AI part deployment. So, how do you see that translating 
into higher margins going ahead? And what, if you could quantify, that would be helpful over 
two years or three years period? 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Okay. So, it is difficult Pratik, at this point to quantify how it is going to reflect on the bottom 
line. The reason I say that is, you know, what Karanjit has already alluded to you, see most of 
our business is T&M, time and material, right? If it is an outcome-based, like I was talking about 
where we have the flexibility to use the tools. And we are not dependent on the customer 
driving the contracts. You know, some of our customers have told us in no uncertain terms that 
we cannot use AI. So, we have to do the old school way of doing programming. As more and 
more customers are willing to accept the efficiency that AI is going to bring in and the 
confidentiality is protected, then we can start showing more productivity increases. But at the 
same time, the customer is already demanding, saying that, hey, you are using AI tools, pass 
on some of that margin to me. And we have in most cases have passed on that efficiency to 
the customer. So, we cannot at this point say, okay, hey, because we are using AI, our margins 
are going to increase by X amount of points, which is something that we cannot do at this point. 
But we are seeing efficiencies. And like I said, the volume we can do is increasing with the same 
amount of stuff. And we are passing on some of the margins that we are gaining to the 
customer. So, at this point, you know, I cannot quantify it. 
Karanjit Singh: 
Yea Niranjan, if I can just add to that, absolutely. See what is happening is the way it is played 
out is, yes, you know, in fixed, in outcome-based projects, which is a certain percentage, you 
know, we could keep the efficiency. But sooner or later, the customers will demand that, they 
will ask for aggressive pricing. Or like I mentioned the last one, right, the customer would not 
have even gone ahead with that program because the costs were prohibitive but AI is allowing 
it to happen. So, that is an increase in the business. 
One other thing that will happen even on the T&M side, and this will happen for a small time 
is, AI skills are basically premium. So, this happens with every new wave we have seen and 

 
Page 9 of 10 
typically lasts only about a year or so. So, like back in the day, there were the Blockchain and 
NFT technologies. So, we could command slightly incur rates, right. So, we would have $10 or 
a $15 upside on the rate. But then quickly, the Indian IT industry is smart, everybody learns it. 
And sooner or later, that advantage again comes back to wherever it was. So, that will happen 
a little bit. So, the ones that are up ahead in the AI, it will help you in your competitive 
advantage. And for a certain time, maybe you can command slightly premium rates. But then 
of course, everybody will chase those premium rates. That is all I see. 
Pratik Dadia: 
And in terms of the contracts that their client is asking you to not use AI, how are you seeing 
the pricing happen currently? And what percentage of your new contracts are being signed 
without AI? 
Karanjit Singh: 
Sorry can we get the first part of your question again? 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Let me answer that, Karanjit. I think I understood this. So, the question that was asked was, 
you know, how many of our customers are saying we cannot use AI? Okay, majority of our 
customers are telling us we cannot use AI, Pratik. The reason for that is that they are still not 
ready for AI. See some of our customers when you do a sales pitch also, you know specifically 
this is happening in the US. They are saying, hey, if you are going to talk about AI, please do not 
come to me. Okay, because they are not ready to adopt AI into their enterprises, right? And 
yes, you know, they will change if the market will force them to change, the competitors will 
force them to change. This is something, specifically, I think, with what has happened with the 
stock price crash everywhere. People are saying, hey, AI is getting adopted within many, many 
companies. So, they will have to do it. Okay, so they do not have a choice. But at this point, 
majority of our customers, because like I said, most of our customers are T&M. So, it is time 
and material when it comes to time and materials, they are dictating what is it, that we can do 
or cannot do. In an outcome based, we take on what they call the fixed price contracts, then it 
is based on outcome, what we deliver, how much efficiency we deliver, how soon we deliver. 
So, those are the things that are measured versus what we have used to get there. Right? In 
that scenario, you know, we are getting these efficiencies by using our own internal KAI tool, 
or you know, other cost products or open source AI tools that are available in the market. 
Pratik Dadia: 
Okay, got it. Now, can you elaborate on the pricing part for non-AI contracts? How are you 
seeing the trends there? 
Niranjan Chintam: 
No, it has been the same. There is no change on that, right? That is not changing on the non-AI 
contract. It is per sort of, let us say, what we call the billet or per engineer, based on the 
seniority that the customer asks in the T&M contracts, they say, you know, okay, I need a 10 
year experience, Java full stack person, and we provide that person.  Or they say, hey for this 
project, give me what is your estimate? Who are all the people that are going to be? It is a 
named resource there. And they will drive the outcome, not we driving the outcomes. They 
being the customer, is driving the outcome. 

 
Page 10 of 10 
Pratik Dadia: 
Got it. Okay. That is it from my side, thank you. 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Thank you, Pratik. Mike, any other questions? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Not currently, sir. I will just announce for questions once more. Participants who 
wish to ask a question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on your touchtone telephone. It appears we have 
no further questions. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Niranjan for closing 
comments. 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Thank you everyone for joining this Earnings Call. I was really excited to talk about our 
capabilities when it comes to the AI. Looking forward to more interactions, you know, if you 
come over to Hyderabad and/or Gurgaon, please look us up. We would be happy to show and 
tell what all we have been doing. But please schedule that with the team ahead so that, you 
know, our availability and the time is locked. Again, thank you. Looking forward to talking to 
you soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kellton Tech Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
