 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
Regd. OƯice: Afcons House, 16, Shah Industrial Estate, Veera Desai Road, Azad Nagar, 
Andheri(W), Mumbai - 400 053, India, Tel.: +91-22-6719 1000, Email: secretarial@afcons.com 
www.afcons.com | CIN No.: L45200MH1976PLC019335 
February 16, 2026 
 
To  
The Compliance Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001. 
To  
The Manager, Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051. 
Scrip Code: 544280 
Symbol: AFCONS 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Q3 & 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference Call  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the Q3 & 9M FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call held on Wednesday, February 11, 2026. 
 
The aforesaid Transcript is also being uploaded on the website of the 
Company: 
 
https://afcons.com/investors-meet/  
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
For Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
                
 
 
                                         
_______________ 
Gaurang Parekh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F8764 
GAURANG 
MAHESHCHA
NDRA PAREKH
Digitally signed by 
GAURANG 
MAHESHCHANDRA 
PAREKH 
Date: 2026.02.16 14:50:26 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUBRAMANIAN KRISHNAMURTHY – EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN – AFCONS INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED 
 
MR. PARAMASIVAN SRINIVASAN– MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – AFCONS INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMESH KUMAR JHA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – AFCONS INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED 
 
MR. HITESH SINGH – HEAD CORPORATE STRATEGY – 
AFCONS INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. KRISHNA MUNDRA – DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Afcons Infrastructure Limited Q3 and 9 
Months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Kishan Mundra from DAM Capital Advisors Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Krishna Mundra: 
Hi, thanks, Pari. Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome to the Q3 FY '26 earnings call 
of Afcons Infrastructure. So, we have the management today being represented by Mr. 
Subramanian Krishnamurthy, who is the Executive Chairman; Mr. Srinivasan Paramasivan, who 
is the Managing Director; Mr. Ramesh Kumar Jha, the CFO; and Mr. Hitesh Singh, the Head of 
Corporate Strategy. 
 
Now at this point, I will hand over the floor to Mr. Krishnamurthy for his initial remarks, post 
which we will open the floor for the Q&A. With that, over to you, sir. 
S. Krishnamurthy: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. It's a pleasure to connect with all of you once again. I 
thank our investors, analysts, and stakeholders for joining us today. Our financial results and 
investment presentation for the quarter have been uploaded on the Stock Exchanges, and I hope 
you would have had an opportunity to review them. I have joined today along with Mr. 
Paramasivan Srinivasan, our Managing Director; Mr. Ramesh Jha, our Chief Financial Officer; 
and Mr. Hitesh Singh, who Heads our Corporate Strategy at Afcons. 
 
Let me begin with an overview of our performance for the quarter ended December '25. For the 
nine-month period, total income stood at INR9,545 crores, reflecting a marginal year-on-year 
decline of 0.9%. EBITDA rose 1.8% to INR1,269 crores, with margin improving 35 basis points 
on a year-on-year basis to 13.3%. EBITDA excludes one-time impact of Labor Code. Profit after 
tax stood at INR339 crores. 
 
Coming to Q3 FY '26, we reported a total income of 3,025 crore, a decline of 9% on a year-on-
year basis. EBITDA for the quarter was INR424 crores, with margins at 14%, representing a 50 
basis point year-on-year improvement. Despite lower revenues, we have seen an improvement 
in our margins, and this is in line with our guidance. Profit after tax stood at INR 97 crores 
compared to INR149 crores in Q3 FY '25. This includes a one-time impact provisioning of 
INR76.51 crores for the New Labor Code. 
 
Our top line was impacted by a combination of execution-related and general slowdown in the 
infrastructure activity. Some recently secured projects, including certain quick turnaround high-
output projects, progressed slower than anticipated. We also experienced exceptional delays in 
the conversion of certain large-value L1 projects. Other factors that impacted the top line growth 
included continued liquidity issues with certain government clients. 

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
We are actively working to overcome many of these impediments in the coming months. Beyond 
financials, the quarter was marked by several operational milestones that highlight the depth of 
our execution capabilities. 
 
I am pleased to share with immense pride that Afcons completed the first 5.5-kilometer TBM 
drive in the CIDCO water supply project, which also happens to be the first breakthrough for 
CIDCO. I would like to remind you, Afcons has set and broken its own record for the maximum 
length of tunneling of 777 meters done in a month during this drive. 
 
The project team has completed this activity one month ahead of schedule with remarkable 
accuracy, despite logistics and geo-technical challenges. In keeping with the Afcons way, the 
team has achieved this feat through innovative approaches, one of which has been adjudged as 
the Best Paper at the Indian Lean Construction Conference held in December '25. 
 
The project has also won Merit award from National Safety Council of India for 2 million safe 
man-hours without any lost time injury. I am also proud to share that our operational capabilities 
have been validated through several independent and prestigious recognitions during this 
quarter. Engineering News-Record USA has ranked Afcons 8th among the International Marine 
and Port Facilities contractors and 12th among International Bridge contractors in its 2025 
rankings. 
 
Afcons has been recognized as the Most Innovative Knowledge Enterprise at both India and 
global levels for the 8th time in a row. We are the only infrastructure company to achieve this 
rare distinction for eight consecutive years. Our innovation drive has been approached by CII, 
who have bestowed on us the Grand Award for the Top Innovative Company across all sectors 
and categories and also in the service category. This means we are treated as the most innovative 
company of the country. 
 
Looking ahead, the operating environment for Afcons looks favorable. Although global 
infrastructure activity at large has been subdued in the last past year due to geopolitical 
uncertainties, project pipelines in our focus geographies have been robust, particularly in the 
segments of our interest. 
 
This is expected to improve further as per various reports. In India, the government has signaled 
continuity in its infrastructure growth policy through a robust INR12.12 lakh crores allocation 
and other related policy announcements in the recently announced budget. Ordering activity, 
however, has remained subdued, particularly in our focus segments. We expect a pickup in Q4, 
consistent with historical seasonality. 
 
However, we have seen substantial growth opportunities that meet our risk management criteria. 
Afcons will continue to be disciplined in its pursuit of growth, focusing on operational 
excellence. I am confident in our ability to effectively navigate challenges in our path, 
demonstrated time and again, and deliver long-term value to the shareholders. 
 
Thank you for your continued support and trust. With this, I now invite Mr. Paramasivan, our 
Managing Director, to share his remarks. 

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Paramasivan Srinivasan: 
Thank you, Mr. Subramanian, and good morning, everyone. I would also like to extend a warm 
welcome to all our investors, analysts, and participants. We value your continued interest in 
Afcons and appreciate the engagement you bring to this discussion. As Mr. Subramanian 
outlined, the third quarter reflected some execution and sectoral headwinds which moderated 
our performance. 
 
Despite our best efforts to mitigate these challenges, some impacts persisted, largely due to 
timing-related factors rather than any internal structural issues. We remain focused on restoring 
the growth momentum over the coming quarters. 
 
Let me briefly touch upon the operating environment and how we see it evolving. In India, the 
government has reiterated its long-term commitment to infrastructure development through the 
recently announced budget. Its vision for new high-speed rail corridors, dedicated freight 
corridors, and the development of Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities reinforces the continuity and provides 
positive visibility for the sector. 
 
Further, the push for domestic manufacturing of critical equipment, including construction 
equipment like TBM, is also encouraging as it aims to enhance Make in India initiative and also 
helps in eliminating the challenges witnessed while importing these equipment due to 
geopolitical issues. 
 
Coming to our focused international markets, we continue our drive in the international 
geographies and believe that there is a healthy pipeline of projects that gives us confidence that 
we will continue to bag international jobs in our focus segments. Coming to the order book, I 
am pleased to share that we recently secured a road project over EUR100 million in Uganda. 
This is a significant win for us as it reinforces our long-standing presence in Africa. 
 
In the domestic market, we secured two marine contracts worth about INR1,400 crores during 
the quarter. Both these contracts are strategic for the Government of India and are aligned with 
the broader objective of contributing to infrastructure of national importance. 
 
With these awards, our total order inflow till date stands at approximately INR3,700 crores and 
our pending order book as on date remains healthy at INR32,635 crores. While order inflows so 
far have been lower than our initial expectations, we expect a few meaningful awards to 
materialize during the current quarter, which should strengthen our order book position. 
Accordingly, we are hopeful of achieving our full-year order inflow guidance of INR20,000 
crores. Looking ahead, our project pipeline continues to be robust at around INR3.8 trillion, 
spread across multiple geographies and sectors. 
 
That said, we are witnessing rising competitive intensity in several segments, including metros, 
where bids have become increasingly aggressive. On the operational side, we are still cautious 
about our Jal Jeevan Mission projects in Uttar Pradesh, although the government's allocation to 
Jal Jeevan Mission in the current budget has remained similar to budget estimate of last year. 
But based on our experience and on-ground realities, we prefer to remain cautious.  
 

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Regarding our high-speed rail project, the second consignment of our TBM is still awaiting 
clearance. We are in close communication with the concerned ministries and agencies to 
expedite the release, and we hope to see the progress soon. In parallel, we are also working with 
the client and other stakeholders to evaluate alternative solutions to minimize the impact on 
project timelines.  
To conclude, our nine-month performance has remained relatively flat due to the factors already 
outlined, while we are still working to achieve our 10% growth as guided in the last call, a 5% 
growth looks definitely achievable. With a healthy order book, a deep and diversified pipeline, 
and a committed execution team, Afcons is well-positioned to regain momentum and accelerate 
growth in the coming periods. We remain firmly focused on disciplined execution, prudent risk 
management, and delivering long-term value to all our stakeholders.  
Thank you once again for your confidence and continued support. I now hand over the call to 
our CFO, Mr. Ramesh Jha, to take you through the details of our financial performance. 
Ramesh Jha: 
Thank you, sir. Good morning, everyone. Before talking on the numbers, let me reiterate what 
usually I do it on every quarter, and this becomes more relevant this quarter, that the quarterly 
number varies. Company is into business of construction, the margin in a quarter varies based 
on the nature, type, and quantum of work executed. So quarterly results may vary in different 
quarters and may not be indicative of annual result or trend. 
 
Now coming specific to the numbers. For the nine months ended, we have done a top line of 
INR9,545 crores against last year nine-month top line of INR9,635 crores, which is a kind of, it 
has come down by 0.9%. In Q3, we have achieved a top line of INR3,025 crores versus 
INR3,332 crores in previous year Q3. So there is a marginal degrowth in nine months as well as 
Q3 as well.  
Now this kind of top line movement is a manifestation of stressed payment across the projects, 
and few specific projects where certification and payments are slow. Jobs where we were 
declared L1 quite some time back are still not awarded. Some recently bagged jobs have not 
picked up in a manner we were expecting, and also few fast-track projects are moving at the 
normal pace. 
 
Now moving on to the margins. As far as EBITDA is concerned, for the nine-month period, we 
have done INR1,269 crores, which works out to 13.3% of the top line, which has improved from 
the previous year number of INR1,247 wherein we had done 12.9%. So the EBITDA in terms 
of percentage has gone up. In the quarterly number for the Q3 FY ‘26, we have done INR424 
crores, and in this quarter, the EBITDA margin works out to 14%, as against 13.5% in the 
previous quarter. When we are talking about the EBITDA number, of course, we have not 
included this one-time exceptional provision on the accounts of labor code-related provision. 
 
The exceptional item on account of labor code is around INR77 crores, INR76.51 crores to be 
very specific, during this quarter. When it comes to profit before tax for the nine-month period, 
we have done INR456 crores, and this number is after providing for this INR76.5 crores of labor 
code provision. This works out to around 4.8%, as compared to last year's INR526, which was 

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
5.5%. When we look at this nine-monthly number of 4.8%, the exceptional item provision works 
out to around 80 basis points for the nine-month period. 
On Q3, the number of profit before tax is INR123 crores, against INR200 crores of profit before 
tax in the Q3 FY ‘25. Profit after tax for the nine-month period is INR339 crores, as against 
INR376 crores in the previous year nine months. And during the quarter, the profit after tax is 
INR97 crores, which is 3.2%, as against INR149 crores done last year.  
Now I'll just like to explain on the EBITDA. In our EBITDA calculation, we consider BG 
commission as part of our operating expenditure. So EBITDA what we are talking about is after 
removal of BG commission as operating expenditure. This quarter, because of labor code-related 
provision, there is a one-time impact which of course we have not factored in the EBITDA 
calculation, we have factored that in profit before tax and profit after tax. 
 
Other income. In our calculation, we include other income as part of other operating revenue. 
Here we have explained earlier also that our other income is something which is part of operating 
revenue, like arbitration interest, foreign currency exchange gain, and miscellaneous incomes 
are recurring and very integral to our business. Hence, this needs to be considered as part of 
other operating income.  
For the nine-month period, this amount was INR211 crores in other operating income. Since we 
have already achieved 13.3% EBITDA margin in nine months, our full-year EBITDA should be 
better than what generally the guidance we give of around 11%. But at the same time, there 
could be some event which may derail, but I am not saying there is any specific project, but I 
am generally saying that every year we are giving guidance of around 11%.  
We have already done better, and we have got all projects which are doing fairly well. So annual 
numbers should be better than whatever we give generally, the annual guidance. For the nine 
months, it is around 13.3%.  
In terms of profits, the profit for the period is similar to that of the last year after adjusting for 
the labor code-related one-off exceptional item. Of course, this factors some upside on account 
of arbitration award and also because of margin improvement in few projects. Also, in some 
projects, we could save on some of the material cost and other operational improvements, and 
that has improved the margin on an overall basis. 
  
Specific to finance cost increase, we have improved our average borrowing cost in the nine 
months FY ‘26 as compared to what we had achieved last year nine months, but in the nine 
months, the average borrowing has gone up. And that is because of working capital blockage, 
because we are not seeing the payments very smooth in this nine-month period.  
So despite improving the average cost of borrowing (interest on bank borrowing), the overall 
interest cost on the bank borrowing has gone up. Also, the interest-bearing advances for the 
period ending December 2025 has almost doubled to around 40% in the overall advance from 
customers, as compared to last year when we were around say 20%-22% in the overall borrowing 
-- in the overall advances -- the interest-bearing advance this time was around 39%-40%. 

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Because of this, interest on customer advance has also increased, making the overall interest cost 
to go up. We expect the situation to improve once our L1 orders materialize, because large part 
of the international orders where the advances are interest-free. We have provided for 
accelerated depreciation in this quarter as well. Of the total INR354 crores of depreciation, more 
than 1% of the cost component in the depreciation is towards accelerated depreciation. So our 
profit numbers are after accounting for the accelerated depreciation. 
In terms of ROCE, ROCE in nine months is around 14%, 13.4% to be very precise after 
considering the exceptional item. We'll look at these numbers on an annual basis because that 
will make more sense. As far as net working capital goes, the net working capital continues to 
remain at elevated levels.  
There is some moderate improvement in payment from January onwards, but the stuck payments 
are not moving, and that is where the challenge lies. We are expecting some improved collection 
in this quarter. Realization of few stuck receivables and also the collection of good advances 
should improve the situation definitely from where we are today.  
Debt, the debt number has remained in the similar range that of September and stands at 
INR3,633 crores on the gross basis and INR2,779 crores on net basis. On net basis, the debt-
equity is around 0.5 times of the net worth. In terms of liquidity, the company is in a very 
comfortable situation because we are maintaining very healthy balance of cash and bank balance, 
and we have got large amount of bank limits which is unused.  
On behalf of Afcons Infrastructure Limited, I thank everyone for attending this call. Now I 
request the moderator to open the floor for question and answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Aditya from Investec. Please proceed. 
Aditya: 
Hi, good morning, sir. Sir, my first question is on the L1 status of our projects. Now these are 
projects which have been stuck at the L1 stage for a fairly long time, and even Croatia projects 
are, I think, taking longer than what we had envisaged. So just want to understand how you 
seeing them getting placed? Is there risk of some of them getting canceled? That's my first 
question.  
My second question is on margins which, I mean for last few quarters, we've been doing quite 
well, and this is happening despite overall execution pace not being very strong, and as you 
mentioned, competitive intensity being quite high. So what is really leading to that, and how 
sustainable should we consider the current margins to be? Thank you, sir. 
Paramasivan Srinivasan: 
Thanks, Aditya. Number one, with respect to L1 status, I'll first touch upon Croatia. On Croatia, 
the railway project is at an advanced stage of getting awarded. From the government, we find 
out that all levels approvals are over, and this is going to be the largest contract ever awarded by 
Croatia to any contractor. Therefore, it is just awaiting the nod of the PM. Once that is done, we 
are likely to get this job awarded very shortly. Financial institutions and others have already 
given their approval. 

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
With respect to road jobs, it is in process. There are a couple of road jobs which were bids were 
opened earlier than us, which are being awarded now. After that, this will get awarded. So all 
the three jobs in Croatia are on track for award. While railway job can be expected at any time 
now, road jobs could go towards end of March or early next quarter. That is something which 
we are awaiting.  
With respect to Maharashtra jobs, from the interactions we learned, the entire 22 packages of 
Maharashtra project jobs are going for rebid. And as it is more than one year is over, land 
acquisition in all the cases have not been completed, they would like to have the price discovery 
again, and therefore a repackaging could be done and it could go for rebid. That is the indication 
we have got, though officially they have not communicated as so. Therefore, in Maharashtra 
projects L1, in our internal scheme of things, we don't expect to bag in the near future. 
Aditya: 
And this includes even Pune Ring Road project, sir? 
Paramasivan Srinivasan: 
Pune Ring Road, Nagpur-Gondia, both what we learn, it is undergoing certain changes, and with 
that changes, it is going for rebid. That is the indication we have, officially they have not 
communicated so. 
Aditya: 
Sure, sure, sure. But some packages of Pune Ring Road had already been awarded. Isn't that the 
case? 
Paramasivan Srinivasan: 
There, that was opened -- that was awarded nearly two years back. This bid was invited 
sometime in Jan 2025 -- bid was submitted rather in Jan 2025, bid was opened. This was awarded 
much earlier, sometime in March or before that 2024. So that part of the job is going on. This 
part of the job is something which they are going for rebid, as we know.  
Ramesh Jha: 
I'll answer on the margins. Good morning, Aditya. On the margin front, see we have -- I'll break 
this into three parts. One, we have already talked about that any project we submit bid, we always 
look at a threshold of margin, and that margin will always be there in the project, unless 
something goes upside down and then only otherwise, we'll maintain that kind of margin. So 
that is one.  
Two, we have also talked about that in projects there are some risk and contingencies provisions 
are there, and our endeavor is always to save on those risk and contingencies, improve on some 
methods, designs, and then improve the margin. So that is second aspect.  
And third, we have got some award because of arbitration award, and because of that also, there 
is some upside. So that is where on a consistent basis we are talking about that 11% EBITDA 
margin is something which will be there, and if you see last 10-12 years, we are largely there -- 
some years maybe around say 9.5% -- but largely we are around say 10% plus and in recent time 
11% plus.  
So that is something which is sustainable. Balance is dependent upon, how we are able to save 
on those risk and contingencies, and if some arbitration award comes, that also kind of takes it 
up. 

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Aditya: 
Understood, sir. And should we start assuming that instead of 11%, we can generate higher 
margins going forward as well, or this appears to be a bit of an aberration because of maybe 
some arbitration awards that we had and some projects nearing completion? 
Ramesh Jha: 
So the margin what we are seeing today is not from -- 11% is something which definitely will 
be there, and the kind of margin we are seeing today is not because of purely arbitration award 
because, arbitration upside is a small fraction of that. The remaining part is towards the 
improvements we have done in the project. Some projects we have -- we are completing before 
time.  
Some projects we are improving designs and methods, and we are saving on some of the cost. 
We are saving on some material procurement and other aspects. So that is where this 
improvement is happening. Definitely the margin will be, northwards of 11%, but at the moment, 
what we'll request that, let's keep it at 11% plus. 
Aditya: 
Sure, sir. Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please 
proceed. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes, good morning and thanks for the opportunity. My first question is, sir, the revenue growth 
has been benign for last couple of years and the order inflow also been subdued for last nine 
months. I understand they are sitting on a large L1 position, but there is also likely to be some 
cancellation. My question is in this context, how do you think about the growth in FY ’27, 
revenue growth? 
Paramasivan Srinivasan: 
In the light of delayed order intake, some of these orders in staggered manner we were expecting 
all through the year. As it is all bunching up towards end of the current quarter, towards the last 
quarter of the year, and with that kind of mobilization and other thing required for such large 
projects, it's -- in our assessment -- it is too premature to comment what will be the growth for 
the next quarter. Once the orders are in place, we will come back to you with a specific guidance 
on the next year. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood. My second question on the Jal Jeevan Mission. What is the order book right now? 
And of course, the last nine months, I don't think there has been too much spend on Jal Jeevan 
Mission. But I also understand that from the January the things have started picking up. Can you 
please throw some light on the Jal Jeevan Mission order and how do things -- how do you see 
on the ground now? 
Paramasivan Srinivasan: 
On Jal Jeevan Mission projects, our major problem is with respect to our UP. In UP, balance 
pending order is roughly around INR500 crores -- sorry, roughly around INR500 crores. Existing 
outstanding from the client is INR405 crores. So while there had been meetings held at the Chief 
Minister's level and all as early as in October, not much traction had taken place in terms of cash 
flows. So we are still awaiting a cash flow coming through for us.  

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
In the meantime, we have whatever business call we need to take with respect to the project we 
have taken by way of slowing down and probably pruning down our establishment, all those 
kind of rational calls we have taken. 
Ramesh Jha:  
Mohit, just to add, the total Jal Jeevan Mission-related project is around INR1,300 crores balance 
order book. As sir has explained, that UP is INR530 crores and that's the biggest chunk. Another 
say INR500-odd crores is in MP where we are not foreseeing any problem. The bills are -- we 
are doing the work, we are submitting bills, and we are getting paid as well.  
In Rajasthan, we have started the third job. There around say INR300-odd crores is there in 
Rajasthan. And since it is at the very initial stage, we don't foresee any challenge in Rajasthan. 
So all together around INR1,300 crores. UP is something which we need to see. And in UP also, 
from January onwards, they have started releasing payment.  
We have received close to INR15 crores in the month of January. We need to see -- they have 
promised that they'll release payment, we need to see how it pans out. 
Moderator: 
As there is no response, can we move to the next question, sir? 
Paramasivan Srinivasan:  Yes, please go ahead. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Ashish Shah from HDFC Mutual Fund. Please proceed. 
Ashish Shah: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question on -- I mean you did mention that there 
would have been some impact of favorable arbitration also during this quarter as far as the 
margins is concerned. As I read from the notes to account, there is INR165 crores of revenue 
which has been taken to the P&L on account of the Chenab Bridge arbitration award.  
So could you tell that whether this INR165 crores directly flows to the EBITDA and down or 
there is a cost element also attached to it? So what could be the EBITDA impact of this INR165 
crores? That's my first question, sir. 
Ramesh Jha: 
No, it's not the full amount is having an EBITDA impact. There is a cost element also in that. 
Ashish Shah: 
Okay. Sir, any range you could share, what's the EBITDA impact of INR165 crores? 
Ramesh Jha: 
So exact number at the moment we don't have, but the EBITDA impact would be, of this amount, 
it could be around say 23%-24%. 
Ashish Shah: 
23 to 24% of INR165. Okay. All right. The same note also mentions there is another INR115 
crores that we are still carrying on this particular project. So what happens? I mean the arbitration 
has given us the INR243 total amount and INR115 still remains. So what happens to this amount, 
sir? Does this have to be impaired or we continue to go for another round of arbitration for this 
INR115? 

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Ramesh Jha: 
No, so see this arbitration are for on various accounts, and one of the -- one of the case has been 
settled and we have got the award. The case pertaining to INR115 crores will come in the due 
course of time. 
Ashish Shah: 
Okay, so that is not yet come up for hearing or something like that? 
Ramesh Jha: 
The arbitration is ongoing. The award will come in some time. 
Ashish Shah: 
Understood, sir. Also, there is another matter that we have disclosed -- and I, as far as I've read, 
maybe it is an incremental matter -- that there has been encashment of a bond in Gabon for about 
INR191 crores equivalent amount. So anything that you could share on this, what really has 
happened, what's the impact as far as our numbers are concerned, etc.? 
Paramasivan Srinivasan: 
On Gabon, we are doing a project for a French fund, Meridian Funding of France, owned their 
arm. It's a PPP project with the Gabonese government. We are the EPC player. And more than 
90% of the project had been completed quite some time back. And the project is put to use for 
more than two years now.  
Even after that, what we found as a part of -- the originally it was a joint venture between 
Meridian Funding and Arise of Dubai, and Arise of Dubai along the way they exited, which fact 
was not known to us. And this thing, SAG is the client who they continued with this thing. They 
were not taking over the project because on taking over, a lot of payments becomes due.  
And we had at some stage even Government of Gabon told them to take over. Fearing that they 
need to pay the money, and they went ahead with an encashment, while we went to the court as 
well. The French court has initially stayed the proceedings of the guarantee. Later on, the 
hearing, while they substantially agreed with our contention of abuse by the employer. 
Nevertheless they said contract is a EPC contract is independent and bank guarantee contract is 
independent. Therefore, bank guarantee contract there is no recourse but to pay. That is how the 
encashment has happened. ICC arbitration has already commenced. We are confident of this 
thing. During the course of this thing only, we also learnt certain facts which had come to our 
notice during the course of these legal things. So we are quite confident of winning the award in 
the ICC arbitration -- and we don't expect any impact as far as this job is concerned. 
Ashish Shah:  
So this INR191 crores would be sitting in a debt today, right? We would have had to assume a 
debt in order to honor the bond. So our debt would have gone up to this extent. 
Paramasivan Srinivasan:  Correct. 
Ashish Shah:  
Alright. And sir, lastly in terms of the execution constraints that we talked about. Now I get an 
impression that the UP order book is just about INR530-odd crores out of the total about 
INR30,000-odd crores order book that we have. Of course, the TBM issues still continues, but 
beyond UP, what -- can you highlight any specific project segment where things have been slow? 
So the Bullet Train is something that we understand. The UP is -- seems like a relatively small 
amount in the overall scheme of things in terms of at least the backlog. 

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Hitesh Singh: 
Hi, Ashish. The specific projects it will be very difficult to explain, but there are certain domestic 
projects where we were anticipating that the progress will be fast-tracked, and that is what we 
have taken in our plans. But due to various reasons, the progress has not been as fast-track as we 
have anticipated, and that is why this delay has happened. These are largely domestic projects.  
Paramasivan Srinivasan: 
And including in some cases scope changes and other thing which necessitated complete change 
of the overall plan. 
Ashish Shah: 
Okay. But you think this run rate of execution could normalize -- I mean, are we have getting 
any indications or? 
Paramasivan Srinivasan: 
Yes, very much. It should normalize as it looks.  
Hitesh Singh: 
That's what it looks like, the situation will normalize because there are certain scope changes, 
there are certain approvals which were pending, which we have received and will receive in due 
course of time, and we expect the pace to catch up very soon.  
Ashish Shah: 
Alright, sir. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Shravan Shah: 
Hi, sir. Couple of questions just continuing the previous questions. So the bond, the French one, 
so correct me if I'm wrong: what I understand is this Meridian French has already filed for the 
bankruptcy. So when we are saying that we are confident to get back this INR194-odd crores, 
can you -- can you explain how that is possible? 
Ramesh Jha: 
So just to add, see this project what we are doing, Meridian is the parent entity, but the project 
we are doing is for SAG, which is a Gabonese entity. And this project is on a BOT basis in 
Gabon, and this is for Government of Gabon. So once they start tolling, from that toll revenue, 
they'll make the payment. So our recourse is on the Gabonese entity, not the Meridian entity, the 
French entity. The contract was under French law, that's why the reason the matter has gone to 
French court, otherwise this is with SAG. 
Shravan Shah:  
Got it. Couple of more questions. So now when we are saying that we are looking at a INR20,000 
crores order inflow for FY ‘26, so INR3,700 crores including this Uganda one we have already 
won and now the all the Maharashtra is one can say is cancelled. So Croatia, so can you help me 
understand this Croatia, the entire INR11,300 crores though you said that the road can spill to 
the April also, so are we in INR20,000 crores considering the entire INR11,300 crores to be 
LOA by March? 
Paramasivan Srinivasan:  We would not like to dwell on individual jobs for the sake of maintaining the confidentiality 
amongst competitors and all. So considering that, what suffice to say that we are -- we have at 
this stage there are at any point of time you would see we have around INR40,000 to INR50,000 
crores of value always bid submitted to be opened, those kind of things are very much there.  

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Plus, there are Croatia which are in advanced stage. And there are few others also which are in 
advanced stage in some cases at the final stages of closure and all that. Therefore, we are 
confident of achieving INR20,000 crores of our guidance for the year, and balance about 
INR16,000 and odd crores, INR16,300 crores, we are confident of achieving during the current 
quarter. 
Shravan Shah:  
Okay, so my thought or my -- I was trying to understand whether this, the balance INR16,000 is 
entirely how much would be the fresh -- the new one that we are looking at, not the converting 
of the L1 to LOA Croatia? 
Hitesh Singh:  
Yes, so in the only the Croatia rail project is what we have factored in, which is around INR6,700 
crores, rest all are in the new projects which are in the tendering phase. We in the -- no other L1 
we have taken in account in this INR16,300 crores. 
Shravan Shah:  
Okay. And in terms of the going forward also, this kind of a run rate INR20,000 crores is broadly 
that we look at on a maybe in FY ‘27, ‘28 also. That's the way one can look at? 
Hitesh Singh:  
Yes, that's the target, that around INR20,000 crores next year also will be targeting for order 
booking. 
Shravan Shah:  
And on the execution front, in the opening, sir has mentioned that still we are hoping 10% growth 
for the entire full year, but 5% is doable. So I'm just even if I'm doing a math for 5%, that means 
in the fourth quarter, we need to do a 20%, 19% kind of a growth. That means a INR3,500 crores 
kind of a number -- or which is INR3,800 crores kind of a number -- so kind of a INR1,000 
crores Q-o-Q improvement.  
So that kind of a improvement are we already seeing either the projects level, because you also 
highlighted there are still kind of a payment scope change, all these things are there. So just 
wanted to understand.  
Paramasivan Srinivasan:  Roughly we have done about one-third of whatever is the target for the quarter four for achieving 
5%, already in 40 days. That should convey you the level of confidence. 
Shravan Shah:  
Okay, got it. Understood that. And couple of balance sheet items if you can share, in terms of 
the and the gross debt and net debt you have mentioned, but I missed that part, if you can spell 
it again? And maybe debtor, inventory, creditors, mobilization, retention, unbilled, if you can 
share, would be help to understand how the working capital is moving. 
Ramesh Jha:  
Working capital, at the moment I don't have the balance sheet numbers, the full breakup, but I 
can give you the debt number. So the debt number, gross debt number is INR3,634 crores is the 
gross number, and INR2,779 is the net debt number. And broadly the balance sheet parameters 
are similar to the September number, and it is already there in the presentation. 
Shravan Shah:  
Okay, okay, okay, got it. And the capex, till now nine months, how much we have done? And 
we were looking at INR1,100-odd crores, so what's the number for full year? And maybe for 
next year also if you can specify? 

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Ramesh Jha:  
So on the capex front, for this financial year, as you have rightly said, we had planned INR1,100 
crores. And in that INR1,100 crores, the tunnel boring machine related to this high-speed rail 
project is around INR700 crores. Balance INR400 crores is something which we are going to 
do. And this TBM is something which is contingent upon, movement from China. If the approval 
comes, then we'll end up somewhere around say INR1,100 crores for this financial year. If that 
doesn't happen, then maybe we'll end up around INR400 crores. 
Shravan Shah:  
Okay. And till now nine months, how much we have already done? 
Ramesh Jha:  
In nine months, we have done close to INR200 crores. 
Shravan Shah:  
Okay, because in H1, I think it was INR230-odd crores, so nothing has been done? 
Ramesh Jha:  
Similar number is there. So usually what happens that in capex, it's not that it will be, 
proportionate every month. These are large value equipment, and the movement happens and 
that's how it gets accounted. 
Shravan Shah:  
Okay. And so, if this INR700 crores TBM, let's say, moves to the next year, so next year this 
INR700 and plus maybe another INR700 or INR1,400-INR1,500 crores kind of a capex one can 
look at? 
Ramesh Jha:  
We need to see, because many of the projects, the way we were looking at, at the beginning of 
FY ‘26, some of the projects were ongoing and then we were expecting that new projects will 
come. The way things are looking now, some projects, the existing projects will be completing. 
So large part of the equipment will get free from the existing project.  
So it will not be a direct, math of INR700 plus INR700. We need to rationalize. It will be -- it 
will be say around say -- if this TBM moves to the next year, maybe around INR1,000-INR1,100 
crores kind of capex will be there. 
Shravan Shah:  
And last, out of current existing order book INR32,500 and maybe plus this INR1,000 crores 
Uganda, let's assume no further inflow comes, how much of that in terms of the revenue one can 
look at in FY ‘27 out of this INR33,000-INR34,000-odd crores? 
Ramesh Jha:  
We'll come back on this number maybe next quarter, because it's too early because we have to 
do that detailed planning. 
Shravan Shah:  
But broadly three year is a is a execution, that's the way one can look at, or it could be three and 
a half year? 
Ramesh Jha:  
Two and a half year is our average execution period, that's what we have always conveyed. 
Shravan Shah:  
Okay, okay. Thank you and all the best, sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. Please 
proceed. 

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Balasubramanian: 
Good morning, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, this Vadhvan Port technical bid 
opened and it is estimated nearly around INR5,100 crores, and the award when we can expect, 
sir? Earlier it was mentioned Q4. 
Paramasivan Srinivasan:  Vadhvan Port is something which has gone for security clearance for all the bidders. Usually in 
many government contracts, they take only the winning bidder for the security clearance. Here 
they have mentioned that all the bidders will go for security clearance. So the one they're still 
awaiting the security clearance, once security clearance comes, bid could be opened. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay, sir. Sir, I think our interest-bearing advances has been increased to 20% to 40%. So that 
leads to higher interest cost. Once -- once we get international orders, how this mix will change? 
Ramesh Jha: 
So see we have already in excess of INR11,000 crores of international order which is L1. And 
even some of the domestic projects also we get interest-free advance. So generally the way we 
have seen last three-four years, the number is around say 20%-25% the interest-bearing. But at 
the moment, it is at a bit elevated level. It will be difficult to put in any number, the percentage, 
but you can take a guidance that in past it used to be around 20%-25%. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Shah from JM Financial. Please 
proceed. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Yes. Sir, what would be our total L1 position as of now? 
Ramesh Jha: 
L1 position total is INR11,300 crores. And we have -- we have in this L1 position, we have 
removed the Maharashtra job because what, the internal this thing we have is these are going for 
rebid. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. And sir, how big could the Vadhvan opportunity for us in EPC terms over medium term? 
Paramasivan Srinivasan: 
Vadhvan as of now we have bid well, and the other contracts also we are participating in the 
bids. So we believe there are good opportunities in Vadhvan Port. 
Vaibhav Shah:  
Can you quantify the opportunity? 
Paramasivan Srinivasan:  The estimated values could be somewhere in the region of, overall if we take it, somewhere in 
the region for EPC values, somewhere in the region of around INR15,000 crores. 
Vaibhav Shah:  
And we are bidding for all the packages? 
Paramasivan Srinivasan:  Yes. One package is awarded where we had not participated -- it's about INR1,300 crores. All 
the other packages we are participating. We have participated or are participating. 
Vaibhav Shah:  
Okay. And sir, what would be our current bid pipeline, and if you could quantify it across key 
verticals? 

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Hitesh Singh:  
Yes, our current bid pipeline, which extends to next two years, is close to INR3.8 trillion. It is 
well spread across all the segments, all the four key segments where we are actively 
participating. The large chunk, around 35%, lies in the urban infrastructure space, which takes 
care of metro, bridges, elevated corridors and those kind of things.  
Around 30% is in the hydro and underground, which includes water, road tunnels, those kind of 
work. Close to 20% is in marine and industrial business, and around 15% will be in surface 
transport, which is our road business and railways business. And in terms of domestic and 
overseas, around one-third will be overseas and two-third is domestic. 
Vaibhav Shah:  
Okay. And sir, lastly, when do you expect the NHAI awarding to improve? And what would be 
our pipeline right now from NHAI particularly? 
Paramasivan Srinivasan:  With respect to NHAI, we very selectively participate, for the simple reason the qualification 
criteria is so relaxed. While recent times they have talked about -- and we have been continuously 
engaging with NHAI and MoRTH office -- and recent times they have indicated they will go 
back to the old model of high-value jobs being on a pre-qualified basis and all that, but yet to 
see implementation.  
Because of the current delays in execution in NHAI, they are thinking of going back to the old 
model. But as of now, the new pattern which is coming in, every bid is about 18, 20, 30 bidders 
and bids going as low as minus 40%. That is not a market we want to be in. So we will be very, 
very selective in NHAI bidding. 
Vaibhav Shah:  
Okay. And sir, lastly, are we open for BOT opportunities? 
Paramasivan Srinivasan:  BOT we don't intend participating as a BOT player. We would associate with concessionaires 
as an EPC player. And where there is a requirement for qualification and other purposes, some 
nominal stake to be taken, we may look at it favorably. Otherwise, we are looking at investors 
or similar concessionaires bidding for it with us as EPC partner. That's what we are looking at. 
Vaibhav Shah:  
Okay. Thank you, sir. Those were my questions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mudit Bhandari from IIFL Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Mudit Bhandari: 
Hi, sir. My question is upon the execution. Now if we look at order book and exclude all JJM 
and other projects that you talk about, even then we have very good visibility. And you said 
there are some pending clearances or approvals and change in scope. So can you quantify what 
amount of these projects are which are pending clearance or undergoing changes? 
Hitesh Singh: 
Mudit, it's very difficult to quantify the projects, but these are some of the projects which are in 
the initial stage of execution, and that is why the teething issues. Generally, these kind of issue 
happens and they get resolved quickly, but in certain projects, it has taken more time. That is the 
one aspect. And the other part is there certain projects we expected the pace of turnaround will 
be much, much quicker, which has not happened.  

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
So these are the mixed of two things, but very difficult to quantify in numbers in what exactly 
the number is, I mean quantum of projects which is going through is. But as we have mentioned 
earlier also, most of the teething issues has been resolved, and we expect this quarter to see the 
benefit of that. 
Mudit Bhandari: 
Got it, sir. Any color you can give upon which segment of these projects will be? 
Hitesh Singh: 
I mean, again, it is spread across largely three segments, the urban infrastructure business, 
marine business, and also in the in the hydro and underground business. 
Mudit Bhandari: 
Okay, got it. So we are expecting that all these approvals or majorly of these approvals will 
receive within this Q4? 
Hitesh Singh: 
Better said, that it stretched more than planned, so they have -- they have already come through. 
Mudit Bhandari: 
So you're saying all the approvals have already came. 
Hitesh Singh: 
Some of them -- most of them have come through. 
Mudit Bhandari: 
Okay, okay. And that's why you say it's -- it gives the confidence that we can do booster growth 
in 4Q. 
Hitesh Singh: 
Yes. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Modi from Anand Rathi Financial 
Services Limited. Please proceed. 
Bhavin Modi: 
So just one question. In terms of the Bullet Train project, sir, how much work we have executed, 
and that have we recognized in the revenue? 
Ramesh Jha: 
So again, project-specific numbers, we would not like to put across here. But in terms of 
percentage, we can tell you that we have completed around 30% in the project, the physical 
progress, and accordingly revenue and cost has been booked. 
Bhavin Modi: 
Okay. So sir, we have not yet billed to the client, right? So this will be standing as unbilled 
revenue. 
Ramesh Jha: 
No, no, no. So what we are saying is we have completed 30% in the project. Accordingly cost 
have been booked, accordingly revenue has been booked. And we have -- the billing happens as 
per the payment milestones, so we have -- largely it will be done. The billing has been done. 
Paramasivan Srinivasan: 
Just to put in perspective, there are -- there is an NATM tunneling, there is a TBM tunneling, 
and TBM tunneling related shaft creation and other things. So other than TBM-related work, 
most of the other works have been completed. There are few other buildings and all is there, 
which can be completed only after the TBM tunneling is done. Other than that, all others are by 
and large in the final stages of completion. 
Bhavin Modi: 
Got it, got it. That's it from my side, sir. Thank you. 

 
 
Afcons Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand over the 
conference to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Paramasivan Srinivasan: 
Thank you very much for your continued interest, all of you. We are very confident that Afcons 
would create long-term value to all the stakeholders. Thank you. 
Once again, I would like to reiterate that while so many IT companies and others are operating 
in India and many of them are considered innovative, CII recognizing us across segments as the 
most innovative company is something which is very, very unique. And in a construction sector, 
it is very rare to get that kind of a thing because the measurement of innovation in terms of 
manufacturing or other things, it is generally done.  
In a construction sector across multiple remote projects to take the company as the most 
innovative company is a very unique -- very unique recognition. I am pretty sure all of you 
would appreciate that. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
