 February 09, 2026 
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, P.J. Tower 
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai - 400 001  
Scrip Code: 543271 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E)  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: JUBLINGREA  
Sub: Press Release and presentation on the financials and operational performance of 
the Company for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 
Dear Sirs, 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of 
Investors’ Conference Call for un-audited standalone and consolidated financial results for 
the quarter ended December 31, 2025, held on February 05, 2026. 
The link to access the transcript of the earnings conference call is given below: 
https://www.jubilantingrevia.com/Uploads/files/20q2consfileEarningscallTranscript.pdf 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you,  
  Yours faithfully,  
  For Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
Deepanjali Gulati  
 Company Secretary 
Deepanja
li Gulati
Digitally signed by 
Deepanjali Gulati 
Date: 2026.02.09 
16:24:06 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
 
List of management attendees 
 
1. Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman 
2. Mr. Hari Bhartia, Co-Chairman 
3. Mr. Deepak Jain, CEO and Managing Director 
4. Mr. Varun Gupta, Chief Financial Officer 
5. Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Head – Investor Relations 
 
External participants during the Q&A session 
 
1. Archit Joshi, Nuvama Institutional Equities 
2. Abhijit Akella, Kotak Institutional Equities 
3. Nitesh Dhoot, Anand Rathi Institutional Equities 
4. Siddharth Gadekar, Equirus 
5. Avnish Burman, Vaikarya 
6. Gokul Maheshwari, Awriga Capital 
7. Atishray Malhan, Abakkus Mutual Fund 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
Q3 & 9 Months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 05, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Jubilant Ingrevia's Q3 and 9 
Months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Head of Investor Relations 
at Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Taneja. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, Rayo. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining the quarter 3 of 
financial year 2026 earnings conference call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. I would like 
to remind you that some of the statements made on the call today would be forward-
looking in nature and a detailed disclaimer in this regard has been included in the 
press release and the results presentation that has been shared on our website. 
 
On the call today, we have Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman; Mr. Deepak Jain, CEO 
and Managing Director; and Mr. Varun Gupta, CFO, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. I now 
invite Mr. Shyam Bhartia to share his comments. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
Thank you, Pavleen. We are pleased to share the financial results for the third 
quarter and 9 months of this fiscal year. On year-to-date basis, our Specialty 
Chemicals segment has continued to fuel growth momentum, delivering revenue 
expansion and a robust double-digit increase in EBITDA. 
 
Our Nutrition business has sustained a healthy trajectory of volume growth across 
all core products. At the same time, our Chemical Intermediates segment has 
successfully maintained its market share while recording a year-on-year volume 
growth. 
 
This quarter presented its challenges with softer pricing across all 3 segments. 
However, strong volume growth helped offset this impact, resulting in overall 
business performance remaining stable. EBITDA was maintained at 13%, same as 
quarter 2 over the 9 months period, our volume growth in double digits, leading to 
revenue increasing by 3% and EBITDA rising by 8%. 

 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
 
And even after accounting for amendment to the Indian Labour Code and the 
associated 1x exceptional expense, our profit after tax registered an increase of 8%. 
We are pleased to announce that the Board has recommended an interim dividend 
of 250%, translating to INR2.5 per equity share. 
 
Markets update. Across the broader chemical industry, we are witnessing a steady 
recovery in volumes even as pricing pressure continue to persist across segments. 
Importantly, while many global players are reporting deteriorating financials due to 
weaker demand, sustained pricing pressure and elevated energy costs, our 
performance demonstrates resilience and strength in navigating these challenges. 
 
In the pharmaceutical end-use market, volumes have remained steady across 
segments with particular strength in our core fine chemicals portfolio. With recent 
signing of FTAs with United States and EU, we are expecting a higher degree of 
engagement and inquiries from customers in coming months. 
 
In agrochemical sector, we are witnessing a steady recovery in volumes, both 
globally in India with pyridine-based products and the acetyls group showing 
consistent improvement. However, the demand supply imbalance persists, exerting 
short-term price pressures that we expect to ease in the coming quarters. We 
continue to advance our cost initiatives to ensure we can absorb this impact. 
 
In the nutrition market, Niacinamide demand remains strong across key segments, 
including feed, food and cosmetics. Pricing, however, has been under strain due to 
supply-demand mismatches, though we anticipate margins to improve marginally in 
the next quarter. 
 
Meanwhile, the demand for choline, vitamin B4 is stable. While domestic prices are 
affected by global imports, we are encouraged by positive traction in the European 
market, supported by tariffs imposed on Chinese suppliers. 
 
Now let me share a few details on our future outlook. Looking ahead to Q4 FY '26, 
we anticipate sustained growth momentum driven by progress in our Specialty 
Chemicals and Nutrition businesses, alongside a partial recovery in acetyls portfolio. 
During the quarter, we commissioned a new boiler at our Bharuch site, which will 
further enhance our operational efficiency. 
 
We are also on track to commence delivery of major CDMO order in Q4 FY '26, a 
milestone that will significantly accelerate our growth trajectory in the CDMO 
segment. In addition, construction work has begun on our new multipurpose plant in 
Gajraula, which will further strengthen our capacity and future readiness for 

 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
upcoming CDMO projects. With the latest FTA signed with Europe and EU, we 
expect to gain share in these markets in the coming quarters. 
 
With this, I now hand over to Deepak to discuss the business in detail. Thank you. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you, Mr. Bhartia. A very good evening to all of you. I would like to thank you 
all for joining us today for the quarter 3 FY '26 investor call of Jubilant Ingrevia 
Limited. Over the past year, we have made significant progress across all pillars of 
our strategy, laying the groundwork for sustained long-term growth while ensuring 
stability in the near term even amid current challenging global market conditions. 
 
These efforts are already delivering results as reflected in our stable quarterly 
performance in our Specialty and Nutrition portfolio, overall margins, along with a 
substantially expanded pipeline of more than 100 new opportunities, including 16 
wins in this year itself. 
 
In quarter 3 FY '26, we further accelerated our Pinnacle journey, achieving important 
milestones that reinforce our momentum and strengthen our trajectory towards 
enduring value creation. Let me share the overall business update with you all first. 
From an overall business perspective, we are pleased to report stable revenues and 
margins delivered despite challenging market conditions. 
 
This performance was fueled by incremental sales volumes across all segments. 
While volumes grew during the quarter, performance in our Specialty Chemicals 
segment was tempered by pricing pressures across core products. Nevertheless, 
the segment demonstrated resilience, continuing to deliver margins above 25%, 
underscoring its strong fundamentals even in a challenging environment. 
 
Our pyridine and Derivatives business continued to deliver strong volume growth on 
both quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year basis, reflecting the robustness of market 
demand and reaffirming our competitive positioning. Diketene derivatives maintained 
steady volumes on a quarter-to-quarter basis and demonstrated strong growth 
momentum year-on-year, reflecting consistent performance and clear market 
traction. 
 
In our CDMO business, we continue to see increased customer traction across 
pharma, agro, industrial and cosmetics and nutrition segments. The overall 
momentum underscores the strong demand and growing confidence in our 
capabilities. We continue to make rapid progress in our new growth segments such 
as cosmetics and semiconductor chemicals. 

 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
 
In cosmetics, our team is already developing multiple products and we are getting 
good traction with several customers. Similarly, in semiconductor chemicals, too, the 
number of opportunities has increased in last quarter and we are making significant 
investments in equipment and teams to accelerate our journey. 
 
In our Nutrition & Health Solutions business, we delivered volume growth both 
quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year. Demand for feed-grade vitamin B3 remained 
steady with volumes reaching their highest level in past 7 quarters. While intensified 
global competition placed some pressure on prices, the segment continued to 
demonstrate resilience. 
 
Cosmetic grade demand sustained its steady growth on both quarter-on-quarter and 
year-on-year basis, with pricing remaining stable. In food grade products, we 
observed marginal price softening, though demand trends remained encouraging 
and supportive of long-term growth. 
 
In our Chemical Intermediates segment, we recorded higher market volumes in the 
domestic market, supported by a modest uptick in agrochemicals and paracetamol 
end use segment. In contrast, Europe continues to face headwinds with weak 
demand and plant closures weighing on the performance. 
 
While prices have remained subdued, rising raw material costs and positive 
momentum in acetic acid point towards an upward trend ahead. Importantly, our lean 
initiatives and cost efficiency measures have helped offset pricing pressures, 
reinforcing the resilience of this segment. 
 
Let me also give you a quick update on the progress made across our key pillars. 
Number one, driven by our customer-centric approach, our key account 
management strategy continues to deliver strong results. 
 
In Q3, we expanded our opportunity funnel beyond 100 active opportunities, 
reflecting deeper engagement and growing interest across our strategic accounts. 
Collectively, these opportunities represent a peak annual revenue potential of 
INR3,500 crore. 
 
Over the past year, we have secured confirmation for more than 16 molecules with 
an estimated peak potential of INR1,400 crore and we are in advanced discussions 
on over 7 additional opportunities with a potential of INR900 crore. 
 
From an operations and ESG perspective, we are seeing tangible outcomes from 
our sustainability initiatives. The benefits of green power are evident with power and 

 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
fuel expenses reduced by 10% year-on-year and around 3% quarter-on-quarter 
despite higher production volumes. 
 
This progress reflects the successful commissioning of renewable O2 power at our 
Bharuch site, which has taken Ingrevia's renewable power share to 34% in Q3 as 
against 28% in Q2, a significant milestone in our clean energy journey. 
 
On the operational front, our INR120 crore plus annual lean savings program 
remains firmly on track, driving efficiency across the value chain. Complementing 
these efforts, our ESG initiatives earned significant recognition last quarter. 
 
We received multiple recognitions at the seventh South Asia ASQ Team Excellence 
Awards and were also awarded as the Manufacturing Team of the Year 2025 Large 
category at the Manufacturing Today 13th Annual Conference and Awards. These 
accolades highlight our unwavering commitment to responsible practices and 
sustainable growth. 
 
From a people and organization perspective, I am pleased to share that we have 
been recognized among the top 50 best workplaces in manufacturing in India for 
2026. We continue to strengthen our leadership bench with strategic senior talent 
additions. 
 
This quarter, we welcomed a new Chief of Manufacturing, further reinforcing our 
operational excellence. In addition, we remain committed to continuously strengthen 
our R&D and technology teams through key hires in strategic growth areas such as 
human nutrition and semiconductors, positioning us for long-term success. 
 
On the innovation and R&D front, we continue to build a strong pipeline that supports 
our long-term growth strategy. We now have approximately 55 products under 
development across our business segments, reflecting our commitment to 
differentiated and value-added solutions. 
 
These innovations will further strengthen our portfolio and reinforce our position as 
a science-led and customer-centric organization. On the capex front, we 
commissioned a new boiler at our Bharuch site in quarter 3 FY '26, further enhancing 
operational efficiency. We remain firmly on track for the commissioning of our agro 
innovator project, which is expected to begin dispatching volumes from March 2026. 
 
During the quarter, we also commenced construction of a new multipurpose plant at 
Gajraula, which will add significant flexibility and capacity to our CDMO and fine 
chemicals portfolio. Given the progress across our strategic initiatives, we remain 

 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
confident in sustaining the expected growth trajectory in both top line and margins 
over the next few quarters. 
 
With that, I would now like to hand over to Varun to walk you through the financial 
performance of each of our businesses, followed by consolidated financial overview. 
Varun Gupta: 
Thanks, Deepak. Very good evening to all of you. Starting with overall financial 
update. We achieved our second highest volumes in the last 12 quarters with overall 
revenue at INR1,051 crore compared to INR1,057 crore in quarter 3 '25. 
 
Notably, volumes grew by nearly 9% during the quarter despite macroeconomic 
headwinds and the typically muted price momentum across most segments in 
quarter 3. EBITDA for quarter stood at INR136 crore, reflecting an 8% year-on-year 
decline, primarily due to lower pricing across most segments. 
 
However, on a 9-month basis, EBITDA reached INR436 crore, representing an 8% 
increase compared to the same period last year. PAT for the quarter, excluding the 
impact of amendments under the Indian Labour Code stood at INR60 crore with a 
margin of 6%. 
 
The adjustment of INR13 crore was recorded under the exceptional items and 
primarily related to provisioning of employee gratuity and leave encashment 
mandated by the New Labour Code amendments. 
 
PAT for the quarter after accounting for exceptional items stood at INR47 crore 
comparable to INR69 crore in quarter 3 financial year '25. Consequently, the net 
debt-to-EBITDA ratio improved to 0.94x during the quarter compared to 1.24x in 
quarter 2 financial year '26 based on trailing 12 months EBITDA. 
 
We have incurred year-to-date capex of INR366 crore. The majority of this spend 
was directed towards the upcoming CDMO agro plant at Bharuch and the 
construction of our new multipurpose facility at Gajraula. These investments were 
largely funded through internal accruals. 
 
Looking ahead, we plan to invest approximately INR500 crore in 2027, which will 
also be supported by internal accruals. Specialty Chemicals. In quarter 3, our 
Specialty Chemicals segment reported revenue of INR458 crore compared to 
INR468 crore in the same period last year. While segment revenues was impacted 
by pricing pressures across core products, this was partially offset by a healthy 
volume growth in our pyridine and diketene portfolios. 

 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
 
Our quarterly EBITDA margin for the segment remained stable, sustaining a 
trajectory above 25% with absolute EBITDA reported at INR116 crore. This 
performance was supported by a favorable product mix driven by higher offtakes in 
our volumes of fine chemicals and CDMO offerings, along with ongoing cost 
optimization initiatives. 
 
On a 9-month basis, segment revenue stood at INR1,421 crore compared to 
INR1,331 crore in the same period last year, reflecting a growth over 7%. With 
EBITDA margins remaining well above 26%, segment EBITDA for 9-months period 
was INR371 crore, up from INR293 crore last year, representing growth of 27%. 
 
During the quarter -- Nutrition, Health and segment business segment. During the 
quarter, segment revenue stood at INR201 crore compared to INR190 crore in 
quarter 3 '25, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 6%. 
 
This growth was primarily driven by steady market demand with the segment 
recording its highest overall volumes in the last 7 quarters and delivering the 
strongest ever volume growth in the vitamin B3 portfolio. 
 
Segment EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR23 crore, declining 10% year-on-year, 
with margin trending lower at 11%, primarily due to price declines across vitamin B3 
portfolio and choline. However, margins are expected to improve in the coming 
quarters as prices recover and the share of cosmetic and food grade products 
increases in the overall product mix. 
 
On a 9-month basis, segment revenue for this upper Nutrition remained stable at 
INR560 crore, with EBITDA margins sustained over 12%, segment EBITDA for PS 
stood at INR68 crore. Chemical Intermediates business segment. During the quarter, 
segment revenue stood at INR393 crore compared to INR400 crore in the same 
period last year. 
 
Also on a sequential basis, revenue declined primarily due to lower realization across 
our key products such as ethyl acetate and acetic anhydride. On a 9-month basis, 
segment revenue stood at INR1,229 crore compared to INR1,237 crore in the same 
period last year. 
 
The margin decline in absolute EBITDA was driven by pricing contraction along with 
the pass-through of lower input raw material costs in an oversupplied market, which 
also impacted overall EBITDA performance. Overall, the business delivered a 
resilient quarter, posting stable results despite a very challenging and dynamic 
market environment. 

 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
 
We will now be happy to address any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We take 
the first question from Archit Joshi from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Archit Joshi: 
Good evening. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. Sir, first question, I think when 
looking at our comments from the last maybe 2 or 3 quarters, we have been 
continuously highlighting pricing pressure in most of the portfolios that we operate 
in. So is this supposed to be seen as price decline happening quarter after quarter 
sequentially? How transient would it be in your opinion, if you can give your 
understanding on all 3 segments, specifically pyridine, B3 and in the acetyls 
business? 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you, Archit. Very relevant question. And the answer, there are nuances by 
business segment. So let me just cover each one of them one by one. So if you look 
at our specialty business, particularly on the pyridine and its derivatives, the pricing 
pressure has come in the last 2 quarters and particularly, let us say, second half of 
last calendar year. 
 
And real big impact of that has been on the last quarter results, as we just described. 
The outlook going forward on that segment from at least our side, we are already 
seeing some uptick in pricing in certain derivatives. 
 
And as you might be tracking, China has also announced some imperatives or some 
actions as part of their anti-involution strategy, which we are hoping will help in 
bringing the price back, but we can already see some uptick. So that is on specialty. 
 
Similarly, on the nutrition, particularly the vitamin B3, which is a derivative of pyridine 
value chain, we see the similar impact. In fact, in the last few days itself, we have 
seen almost a 7% to 8% increase in price of vitamin B3 feed grade and we are hoping 
it will sustain in coming weeks. 
 
Acetyl is a different story where obviously, it is a commodity and hence, it goes 
through its own cycles. The price has been deflated for last couple of years. There 
was pressure and it had bottomed out, as I explained in the last analyst call also in 
the last quarter. And since then, if I look at the last 2 months, particularly, we have 
seen already an uptick in acetic acid price, which we are hoping will gradually start 
to translate into our acetic anhydride and ethyl acetate prices as well. 

 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
 
So the different product categories are at different stages of the cycle. But one thing 
we can see, we have bottomed out. In the last 6 months or so, we have not seen any 
significant further decline in price. In fact, in a couple of areas, we have only seen a 
marginal increase. So that is why we are hopeful that going forward, we should only 
have upside on the pricing front rather than any further decline across the segments. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure, sir. Sir, my second one, a slightly longer question given the data points from 
the presentation. So in the previous quarter, we are speaking of around INR1,200-
odd crore of net realizable value from a few products that we had mentioned. 
 
I think that number has jumped to INR1,400 crore, so maybe an increase of INR200 
crore. On the same lines even in the previous quarter and this quarter, we are talking 
about this INR3,500 crore of net realizable value from peak potential of some of 
these 100-plus products that we have mentioned. 
 
So in line with that, if you can throw some light as to which application areas, which 
products, maybe the time line in which we will be able to realize this benefit? Would 
this be in CDMO because these are all products that we have been talking about for 
quite some time and quite keen to understand how our CDMO journey is going to be 
through these new initiatives that we have taken? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. Again, good question, Archit. So let me try to address each of your points one 
by one. Number one, I think from a pipeline perspective, we talked about this 100-
plus opportunities with a peak potential of about INR3,500 crore. 
 
And I think in the last analyst also, I explained that generally, the peak potential takes 
at least 3 years, if not more, because it is linked to the pace at which the innovator 
are able to grow their volumes and our demand is a derivative demand of that. So 
we hope that for most of these, once confirmed, it will take at least 3 to 4 years to 
get to the peak demand. 
 
Number two, what we announced in the last quarterly investor call was about 10 or 
11 molecules with a peak potential of INR1,200 crore. In last 3 months, as you would 
have seen in today is announcement also, we have added another 5 molecules and 
then the peak potential has reached almost INR1,400 crore plus. 
 
So that is a moving pipeline and we are getting the confirmation. And of course, we 
start counting revenues of those molecules as confirmed as soon as our samples 
are cleared and the customers start giving us the first commercial order of these 
molecules. 

 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
 
So for all these 16 molecules largely in the last 10 or 11 months of this fiscal year, 
we have gotten our samples approved. The customers have given the first 
commercial orders, which also means even in this fiscal year, we are seeing revenue 
and margins accruing to our overall P&L from these molecules. 
 
And FY '27, we will see a big jump because we have a couple of contracts, which 
will be scaling up pretty quickly. And of course, the real peak potential of these 
already confirmed molecules, as I explained earlier, will take at least 3 years. 
 
Point three, there is another 80-plus -- 80, 85 molecules. We are, of course, 
continuously pushing. Hopefully, we will be able to expand the funnel by adding more 
opportunities. We will, of course, lose some as well. 
 
So it is a dynamic funnel, which we will keep working on. And we are hoping as we 
move along in coming quarters, we will be able to announce more wins. So I think I 
covered all parts of your questions, Archit. 
Archit Joshi: 
Yes. I just want to... 
Deepak Jain: 
And I think you also had a question -- so, you also were asking about whether these 
are CDMO molecules. So like I explained in last call also, these are most of the 
molecules that belong to CDMO and fine chemical part of our businesses. 
 
And in most of those situations, we will have exclusive or semi-exclusive kind of 
arrangement with the customers with Specialty Chemical kind of margins. And you 
know the EBITDA margins that we have in our Specialty Chemical business. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure. Understood. Just one more. If I just look at the total global landscape or rather 
the Indian landscape of the CDMO players that we have in India, I think there will be 
about 2 or 3 of them who are able to garner a critical scale and mass with regards to 
one product. So maybe crossing more than $50 million of revenues per year. And I 
think there will be only about 2 or 3 products which might be able to do that in the 
current scheme of things. 
 
And the potential that we are talking about is with 100 products for INR3,500 crore. 
So if I take a simple average, each product does about INR35 crore. So would our 
approach be as dilute as this much that a product can do maybe somewhere 
between INR50 crore to INR100 crore tops at peak sales? 
 
Or do you think that there will be opportunities for us available in the agri space or 
the agri CDMO space for us to garner similar kind of contracts that we have had, the 
one that we are going to commission in Q4, which is about $60 million or so. So sir, 

 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
your thoughts on this to understand the ramp-up in CDMO business for us in the next 
3 to 5 years? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. Again, a very good question, Archit. I think what you talked about, $50 million 
kind of opportunities, as you rightly said towards the end of your question, those kind 
of opportunities largely exist in agrochemical segment. 
 
And there have been handful of such contracts in the Indian CDMO industry in the 
last few years and we are lucky to have one of them. Having said that, if you just 
step back and look at our portfolio and our capabilities, our business mix is roughly 
30% pharma -- at an overall level, I am saying, not just specialty or CDMO. 30% is 
pharma, about 20%, 25% agro, 15% to 20% nutrition, now increasingly consumer, 
about 10% and some industrial. 
 
So by nature, our portfolio or at a fundamental level, our portfolio is well diversified. 
What it means is we have access to customers across all these segments. And 
invariably, in each of these segments, we will be working with most of the top 10 or 
top 20 customers because some of our products are going there. 
 
Moreover, we have 35-plus chemistries, which cover a vast space of the products 
that -- new products that most of these customers will be working on. And hence, 
when we are going and speaking to them and then talking about -- first, we have the 
relationship with them. And second, when we present our capabilities to them, we 
are getting traction from them across these verticals. 
 
And with that, now if you look at those 100-plus opportunities and while we have not 
disclosed the breakup of that publicly, the mix of opportunities in terms of numbers 
pretty much reflect the mix of our overall portfolio, which means we have 
opportunities from agro, from industrials, from cosmetics, from nutrition and from 
pharma. 
 
And that is why when you do the average math, while the average is coming out to 
be INR30 crore, INR35 crore, there are opportunities which are worth INR100 crore 
within that. And there are opportunities which could be even INR5 crore, INR10 crore 
because if you look at the pharma opportunities or cosmetics opportunities, some of 
them will run into just INR5 crore, INR10 crore, INR15 crore while the agro could run 
into INR100 crore, INR200 crore INR500 crore as we have in our portfolio. So it is a 
spectrum. 
 
Given our strength, given our relationship with customers across these 5 key 
segments where we operate, we are able to get traction with the customers across 

 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
the board and create the funnel. We have internally aligned ourselves to focus on 
each of these verticals. 
 
There are separate teams with the right kind of expertise and depth, not just from a 
BD perspective, but from R&D and technical capabilities perspective so that we are 
able to provide the right kind of support and respond to these inquiries and which is 
reflected in the first 16 wins that we have announced so far. 
Archit Joshi: 
I understand, sir. That is quite elaborate. Thank you, sir, and all the best. Thank you, 
Deepak ji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Abhijit Akella from Kotak Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Good afternoon. Yes. Thank you so much for taking my questions. First, just on the 
agrochemical intermediate project, which you have stated in your presentation is to 
be -- start deliveries in March. Is there some meaningful amount of business that we 
could expect this year itself in fiscal '26? 
 
And then do you expect it to scale up to full potential in '27 itself? Or will it take a little 
bit longer? And if I may just add on one related kind of extension to that question. 
Deepak, would appreciate your outlook for how this year is going to end up overall 
in terms of maybe EBITDA or something and then what you are expecting for next 
year as well? 
Deepak Jain: 
On the first question, we remain pretty much on track. As we had announced at the 
time of signing this contract that by this quarter, the plant will be ready. The good 
news is the plant is ready. We had the whole Board visiting the Bharuch site 
yesterday. We had our Board meeting there. So we showcased not just that plant, 
but the other infrastructure and plants that we have developed in Bharuch. 
 
And I am happy to share that with all the investors and analysts that the Board came 
back very happy with the progress we have made, not just on that plant, but overall. 
And the plant is already charged with the batch a few weeks back and we are hoping 
that the first output, a lot of output will come within this quarter. 
 
Quantum-wise, we will have to see because, obviously, it is a complex molecule with 
multiple stages. We are trying our best to maximize the production within this quarter 
and we already have confirmation from the customer to start dispatching as soon as 
we are ready. 

 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
 
So that remains on track. The contract, and I think this question was asked a couple 
of analyst call back, we get to full potential of the production as soon as we start. 
That is the understanding with the customer. So far, they have given us visibility for 
the first few months, which is what we are gearing towards and planning to start 
supplies of that hopefully by mid and late March this year. So as of now everything 
remains on track. 
 
The second part of the question, Abhijit, I think as you can see, we have given a 
consistent EBITDA growth. Our business mix has been changing. Obviously, last 
quarter, there was some impact coming on the business because of pricing, which I 
have explained in response to Archit's question, the pricing gradually seems to be 
coming back. 
 
So we are hoping that if you take the average performance for this year, we will 
maintain that kind of run rate and we will continue to give the volume growth. The 
pricing as of now looks like we have hit the bottom and we will see some recovery. 
So definitely, this quarter should be better than the previous one in terms of both 
plan as well as whatever visibility we have right now. 
Varun Gupta: 
Just to add to it, Deepak, Varun here, Abhijit, if you see our 9 months, we have 
delivered an 8% increase in the EBITDA overall. And as Deepak mentioned, for the 
full year, we expect it to be higher than that, yes. So if that gives you a certain outlook 
for the quarter 4. 
Abhijit Akella: 
No. That is really helpful. And any thoughts, preliminary thoughts for fiscal '27 as well 
at this point? Or is it too early? 
Varun Gupta: 
It is too early. 
Deepak Jain: 
Too early, but I think we have given a multiyear guidance anyway in last year also 
that we hope to continue to grow -- if you take a multiyear average, our EBITDA at 
least at 20% CAGR. So that is the trajectory. Now one particular year, there is so 
many factors, Abhijit, but that is the aspiration and that is what all of us are working 
towards. 
Varun Gupta: 
So Abhijit, maybe in the next week, once we conclude, we will be able to throw more 
light on the year, after we have presented it to the Board, yes. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Sure. Perfect. Appreciate that. And just one last quick one from me. Any deferrals of 
any shipments that happened in this past quarter, that may spill over into the next 
quarter? 

 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Our portfolio is so wide and diversified. There are always some orders which move 
up and down based on the customers' requirement and sometimes even, let us say, 
the availability of ships. 
 
But there was no major change. But at the same time, because there were some 
uncertainty, particularly in this FTA that was to be signed with the U.S., which now is 
signed, a couple of customers had slowed down the booking of our new orders, 
which now obviously, now that the FTA is signed and that uncertainty is gone, we 
are hoping those customers will go ahead and confirm the orders, which anyway 
they had given the visibility of. 
 
So no major movement. But at the same time, I am hoping that the pace of booking 
and the quantum of booking from some of the customers on the back of the 2 FTAs 
which have been signed in the last couple of weeks will help us accelerate the 
momentum. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you so much and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nitesh Dhoot from Anand Rathi Institutional 
Equity. Please go ahead. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Yes, good evening, team. Thank you for this opportunity. So my first question is on 
the CDMO part. So our CDMO customer has guided for continued pressures in its 
EPC diamide portfolio and modest volumes for CY '26. So how does that translate 
into the minimum offtake commitments or the volume visibility for Jubilant under this 
CDMO arrangement? 
Deepak Jain: 
Nitesh, we never disclose the names of our CDMO molecules or customers publicly. 
So I will not be able to answer this question in the specific context of what you 
referred to. But as I mentioned in response to Abhijit's question, our CDMO contracts 
and the delivery against what we have agreed with the customer stays on track and 
we do not see any lack of visibility there. At least for the first few months, even for 
the big contract, we have already gotten visibility from the customer, and we are 
planning to start dispatching late March. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure. So in case of any resistance or any regulatory tightening in certain 
geographies, we are insulated contractually or does any of the volume risk sit 
partially with us? 
Deepak Jain: 
See, as you would be aware, the typical construct in CDMO industry is to have 
commitment from both sides for some minimum volume offtake. So we have covered 

 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
our risk by having similar arrangements with wherever we have invested heavily. 
And of course, that is a typical nature of the CDMO industry, particularly on the agro 
side, as you know. So we have followed a similar norm and we are well covered 
there. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure. So just one last on the FTA, on the India EU FTA. So as I understand, I mean, 
on the U.S. part, I believe there will not be too much of an incremental benefit from 
this reduction because we are not any which way impacted significantly. But on the 
EU trade deal, I mean, which are the products or the areas where we expect 
significant gains coming through in terms of market share? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. So Nitesh, I think there is, of course – I will answer the direct impact of it. But 
as I was mentioning, because of the uncertainty created by, let us say, delay in 
particularly the U.S. FTA, some customers had become tentative even on the 
products which were not coming under any duty regime or tariff regime because 
there is a long exemption list, as you know, in Annexure 3. 
 
But the indirect impact and that is true for both U.S. and European FTAs is that we 
are hoping now for  customers that tentativeness will go and the pace and the 
quantum of order booking will increase. In terms of direct impact, I think you are right 
on the U.S. In a call a couple of quarters back, I clarified only 2% of the overall 
portfolio was getting directly impacted. 
 
Now that is gone and we are hoping that with increased competitiveness, we will be 
able to increase volumes there. On the EU side also, right now, there is duty or tariff 
of about 6% to 7% for a bunch of our products like it is for China as well. As those 
duties go away next year, hopefully, our level of competitiveness will increase, which 
we are hoping to leverage to get some volume and hopefully even price upside 
starting next year. 
 
The exact quantum will depend on a case-to-case basis, of course, because in many 
of the customer or product categories, we already have a very high share in those 
products. And one example, by the way, is the choline where as soon as we had a 
favorable tariff structure vis-a-vis the Chinese competition, our share has already 
started to increase and we have started to book volumes in European market. So we 
are hoping a similar kind of upside will start to come once the EU FTA is executed 
hopefully early next year. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Great, sir. I think that is very helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. I will get 
back into the queue if I have more. Thank you. 

 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you, Nitesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. Please go 
ahead. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Hi, first, coming to the Specialty Chemical business, if we look at our EBITDA for the 
last five quarters, it has largely been range bound at INR115 crore to INR130 crore. 
Now can you just quantify how much of this would be -- we had a positive volume 
gain and how much would be the negative pricing impact over the last five quarters? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, Siddharth, you are right. I think as I was explaining in response to the first set 
of questions, the price, of course, has taken off or offset some of the volume growth 
that we have seen. At an overall, if you take the last 2 years rather than just quarter, 
I think our Specialty Chemical volumes have grown at least at 10%, 12% every year.  
But what is also true is in the last 6, 7 months, particularly, the pricing has come 
down, which, as I was explaining, in our view, has bottomed out and we have seen 
already some uptick in price in some of the product categories. So on the back of 
that, we should hopefully be able to increase the absolute value as well. 
 
What you should also see is that our margin has remained at 25%, 26% despite all 
the pressure which is coming from pricing, which has happened because of 2 
reasons. One is, as we have been publicly announcing from time to time, we have 
taken a cost program a couple of years back and that remains on track and we are 
actually still working on it. And even next year -- for next year also, we are putting 
together a similar program, which we should be able to announce by next quarter. 
 
At the same time, the mix of our Specialty Chemical business is also improving 
because the share of fine chemicals and CDMO in specialty is increasing and those 
are high-margin growth driver segments for us, as we explained in last year investor 
call as well. So the hope is as soon as the pricing starts to come back, you will see 
a meaningful jump in the absolute margins as well, while we still maintain the 
percentage EBITDA at least at 25%, like we have done in the last five or six quarters. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, basically, I wanted to understand that because given we would have some cost 
savings also in this, so the pricing decline would have been much higher than the 
volume growth. Is that a fair understanding? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, that is right for part of the portfolio -- for Specialty, yes. 
Varun Gupta: 
For Specialty -- Siddharth, Varun here, our volume growth and the mix is higher than 
the price decline. 

 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay. Sir, secondly. 
Varun Gupta: 
For the first 9 months of the year, our -- if I take it together to give you a more broader 
view, we have grown more than double digit in volume and mix for the Specialty, yes. 
And the pricing has gone back in the high single digits. That is why our Specialty has 
grown on a year-to-date basis, which we have mentioned in our notes also. So 
answer to your question is pricing has come down, but not ahead of the volume and 
mix. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay. Secondly, in terms of capacity utilization now from here on beyond the CDMO, 
can you give some color in terms of capacity utilization or what kind of volume growth 
can we see going ahead also? 
Deepak Jain: 
So if you just see, Siddharth, we announced a INR2,000 crore capex program 3 
years back and all of that capex with this new CDMO plant that we are constructing 
in Bharuch coming in would be deployed. On the back of that INR2,000 crore, we 
had expected about, let us say, INR3,000 crore of additional revenue on the base of 
INR3,000 crore, INR3,500 crore we had a few years back. So of course, there is 
some price deflation which has happened versus the projection we had at that time. 
 
So if you take that lens, I think we are pretty much on track. And most of the new 
capacity we have created, including the one which we just are commissioning for the 
new agro project, we run at around 50-odd percent capacity utilization. So we have 
enough growth room with the already invested assets, which we are hoping a 
significant portion of that will get capitalized in FY '27 because from the overall 
growth journey perspective, which we shared with the market also, FY '27 is like a 
pivotal year in which a lot of that capacity we are hoping to fill on the back of both 
confirmed orders, which we have announced as part of our pipeline, but also some 
of the new areas that we are working on. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Avnish Burman from Vaikarya. Please go 
ahead. 
Avnish Burman: 
Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Deepak, this large agrochemical 
order that you have, I just wanted some color on the profitability. If I am not mistaken, 
in the last call, you mentioned this is coming at about 20%, 25% EBITDA margin. I 
just wanted some understanding on typically when CDMO players are working with 
innovators, the margins are typically higher. So why in this contract are the margins 

 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
lower than what we typically see with some of the other players who are working with 
innovators? 
Deepak Jain: 
So Avnish, the first part of your question, as we have been consistently saying, every 
new project, every new capex that we take in our company, we keep at least a 
threshold margin of 20% EBITDA and ROCE of 20% plus. So the same is true for 
this project also. I would not be able to give the specific margins, but that will be north 
of that threshold for sure. 
 
To your second question, we need to just appreciate that this product is a generic 
product. And obviously, we have to -- ultimately, the key principle behind a CDMO 
business is also to support the customer to be competitive in the market. So 
obviously, we worked together on it and got to a point where it felt like a win-win and 
hence, we have the margin.  
More broadly also, if you look at the agro segment within CDMO, margin for most 
players will be between 20% and 25%. Of course, pharma operates closer to the 
30% -- 25% to 30% mark. But in agro CDMO segment, 20% to 25% margins are not 
bad, especially when the products are much bigger and give a step change kind of 
growth to you. 
Avnish Burman: 
Understood. The second question is more of a directional thing. I mean, I am 
referring to the presentation that you made last year. Your FY '30 guidance for Spec 
Chem also kind of indicated a 25% margin, which you have been maintaining in the 
last three quarters. The business seems to be stable at that margin.  
The growth from here on to FY '30 seems to be driven more by fine chemicals and 
CDMO. And like you said, I mean, that improves the business mix. Then why is the 
guidance for FY '30 not higher than 25% and the same as the current business mix 
right now, which has a larger proportion. 
Deepak Jain: 
 No. So I think in terms of mix, you are right, Avnish. Of course, we made certain 
assumptions at that time. I do feel if we continue growing our fine chemicals and 
CDMO business at the pace that what we see with the pipeline building up and 
particularly all the cost initiatives which we have taken, which, by the way, were not 
built into the 5-year projection when we shared those numbers last year, I think we 
should hopefully be able to do better than 25% in Specialty Chemical. 
 
But at the same time, right, FY '30 is far away. There are so many factors which will 
have to -- positive and negative, which we may need to navigate through over the 
years. But I think I would put it more like an aspiration that we need at least 25% 

 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
EBITDA in Specialty Chemicals, which is what we have been maintaining. And from 
whatever we can see, we should hopefully be able to do that quarter-on-quarter and 
year-on-year. We will, of course, try to do better than that with all the cost-saving 
initiatives as well as some of the new projects that we are working on. 
Varun Gupta: 
Just to add to it, Avnish, what Deepak just mentioned, we are also reinvesting for 
growth. Growing Specialty Chemicals remains the key focus area. And there is a 
reinvestment of incremental margin that will go in building the capability, both in R&D 
and in our technical teams. 
Avnish Burman: 
That makes sense. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on the Nutrition and the Health 
business. When do you start seeing the benefit of improving margins with the mix 
improving towards cosmetics and food moving away from the animal feed? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. So Gokul, actually, that has already started to happen implicitly. Of course, that 
is not visible to you based on the public number, but because the impact of price 
decline in feed segment, which, as you might know, if you are tracking us for a few 
years, is a very volatile market or cyclical market. The price decline in feed has kind 
of offset the positive impact coming from cosmetic and food segment growth, which 
we are hoping that as we grow -- continue to grow the volumes of cosmetic and food 
relative to feed, will become more and more prominent. 
 
And like I was explaining in the last few days itself, we have seen price uptick in feed 
as well, which we are hoping will help us anyway counter the negative impact. So 
the combined impact of both of these should hopefully start reflecting in this quarter 
and definitely next quarter onwards. And just to give you a sense versus the peak 
volume we expected to get from the new plant that we commissioned last year, 
already we have reached almost 30%, 35% of those volumes within the first year 
despite the fact that it takes some time for the customers to approve the product. So 
we are hoping in FY '27, we will scale up the utilization and the volumes coming out 
of that plant even further, which will accelerate or help us in taking the margins up 
further. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Okay. And my second question on the large CDMO order, which we start from March, 
is the product largely going to be sold in India or will be exported across the world? 

 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Deepak Jain: 
See, we are making an intermediate and we will be sending it to the innovator. They 
will convert it into the final molecule. And obviously, they can send in any part of the 
world, that is their prerogative. But they have told us where we need to send the 
molecule, where they will convert it into the final. Yes. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Okay. So it is largely an export order? 
Deepak Jain: 
Our intermediate, yes, is an export order. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Yes. Okay. Great. And lastly, just on the INR depreciation which has happened, does 
this really help us for where we have import substitution for certain products, which 
helps in us getting better pricing versus pricing which was benchmarked to import 
pricing? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, it does, Gokul. Obviously, there is been a lot of volatility in rupee. So whenever 
rupee depreciates in the segments where we export a lot of products to outside 
markets and in import substitution segment, it does help us increasing the price and 
we have marginally increased the price there as well. But our overall portfolio, if you 
look at we are naturally hedged because we also import a lot of raw materials, 
particularly on our acetyls business and even in Specialty. So we have a natural 
hedge within the P&L. So at the overall company level, we are by and large agnostic 
to the rupee movement. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Okay. Great. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Atishray Malhan from Abakkus Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Atishray Malhan: 
Hi, good evening. My question pertains to the Agrochemical CDMO contract. So I 
believe in the last concall, you had mentioned that the contract should start from 
about January onwards, which has now been moved to March. Now I appreciate that 
it is a very slight delay. But if you could just help me understand the reasons behind 
it or is it just to do with the delivery schedule of the innovator? 
Deepak Jain: 
Atishray, this -- I think we always maintained we will start the production process, the 
plant in January, so which is what we did. 5th of January, we did the puja at the plant 
and commissioned the first batch. It is a complex multistage product. So the whole 
cycle of producing even the first kg of final product is at least a six to eight weeks 
process because it goes through the different stages. So there is no delay or delay 
of production or even on placement of the order from the customer. It is just a 

 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
process. And that is why I said by mid-March, we are hoping we will get the first kg 
out and we will start shipments in March itself. So a couple of weeks here and there, 
but by and large, it is on track. 
Atishray Malhan: 
Okay. Understood. Thanks. That was very clear. Thank you and good luck for the 
fourth coming quarters. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference back to the management team for closing comments. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
On behalf of the entire management team, we would like to thank you for joining the 
call today. We hope we have been able to answer your queries. For further 
clarification, I would request you to get in touch with me. Thank you once again for 
your interest in Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited, that concludes the 
conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity, readability, etc. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made 
to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
