 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES 
 
 
 
BSE LIMITED   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
 
February 24, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Infosys Limited Investor AI Day 2026 
 
In continuation to our letter dated January 23, 2026 and February 17, 2026 regarding Investor AI Day 2026, please 
find enclosed transcript of the event. 
 
This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/news-
events/analyst-meet/2026/india/main.html.  
 
The 
audio/video 
recordings 
are 
also 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/news-events/analyst-meet/2026/india/main.html. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Infosys Limited 
 
 
 
A.G.S. Manikantha 
Company Secretary 
Membership no: A21918 
Anur Gurugopala 
Raju Suryanarayana 
Manikantha
Digitally signed by Anur 
Gurugopala Raju 
Suryanarayana Manikantha 
Date: 2026.02.24 18:16:53 
+05'30'

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Infosys Limited 
Investor AI Day 2026
February 17, 2026 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
Nandan Nilekani 
Chairman 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
Satish H.C. 
Chief Delivery Officer 
Dinesh Rao 
Chief Delivery Officer 
Balakrishna D.R 
Head of Global Services 
Mohammed Rafee Tarafdar  
Chief Technology Officer 
Anand Swaminathan 
Segment Head – Communication, Media and Technology 
Jasmeet Singh 
Segment Head, Manufacturing 
Dennis Gada 
Segment Head – Banking & Financial Services 
Ashiss Kumar Dash 
Segment Head-Energy, Utilities, Resources & Services 
Ambeshwar Nath 
Industry Head-CPG, Logistics & Retail 
Shaji Mathew 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
Sumit Virmani 
Chief Marketing Officer 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 
Nandan Nilekani 
Thank you, and great to have you all here in these tumultuous times. Today, I will talk about tech 
transitions. I have had the fortune or misfortune of being in this industry for more than 40 years and 
have seen a lot of transitions. So I thought I will talk less about that and more about why this time it 
is different and what are the implications of this transition. 
Now safe harbor clause. 
Now we have seen technology shifts for centuries, whether printing press or telegraph, but over the 
last 60, 70 years, we have seen a much faster change in PCs, cloud, GenAI, Agentic AI and so on. 
So change of technology and the speed of change has been a constant for many decades now. And 
each time there is a change, the way we address that change has been different. 
So we went from mainframes to mini computers to PCs, client server, LAN, web computing, mobile, 
enterprise apps, big data. And each time, we had to think of it in different ways, how do you think of 
it in terms of making it globally available through Internet or how do you do enterprise IT. So, each 
time there was a tech transition, it had certain implications for us. And firms like Infosys had to deal 
with what was new. So we are used to the fact that each time there is something different. 
This time, the AI transition has been much faster than earlier transitions. If you look at the number of 
years it took to reach 1 billion users, Internet took more than 10 years, smartphones took 5 years, AI 
is taking a couple of years. Now, you have to realize that the AI speed is because of the first 2 things. 
Internet was already ubiquitous. Smartphones were already ubiquitous. It therefore allowed people 
to distribute a ChatGPT or Gemini or Claude very easily. So in some sense, the speed of AI is also 
because of the infrastructure of the previous era. 
Now what has happened this time, is that this is a much more fundamental change to the way 
businesses will operate. So this is not a layer of technology. When smartphones came, we could 
build applications where instead of having a PC, you did it on the phone, like putting a front-end to 
an existing application. When cloud came, we could do a lift and shift. You could take the app from 
your in-prem and move it to the cloud. So you could do a lot of things to get going. But this time, it is 
not that. This is a fundamental change in the way we do things. Obviously, there is a technology 
dimension and it is all about having AI native architecture. But there is a whole business dimension 
to this. We cannot run business the old way, and businesses have to change, the customer journeys 
have to change, all those things have to change. 
It is a huge challenge for talent. Talent will have to deal with a world where writing code will not be 
the goal. It will be actually making AI work, orchestration and those kind of things. So the jobs will 
change. And operating model, how do we make this at scale? How do you get a firm with hundreds 
of employees to change all the things and make it work? And of course, our mental models have to 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
change, because technology was always deterministic. You said A plus B equal to C. So no matter 
how many times you said A plus B, the answer was C. In this AI world, every time you give a prompt, 
you will probably get a different answer. And therefore, how do you deal with this non-deterministic 
world. But how do you make sure what you build has the robustness, reliability and resilience of the 
deterministic world. That is what the challenge is for everybody. 
So this is a fundamental root and branch surgery of the way business is done, which is why this 
technology transition is so dramatically different from anything else that we have seen.  
Now one clear learning we have is modernization of legacy systems cannot be deferred anymore. 
What happened over the last 60, 70 years is people would not replace the legacy system, they just 
added to it. 
So if you go and look under the hood of a large enterprise, they will have mainframes from 1960, 
they will have mini computers from 1980, they will have LAN from 2000, they will have all kinds of 
things, and all coexisting in silos. That is over. If you really want a firm to take advantage of AI, you 
have to fundamentally clean this up. So this is a massive, massive cleanup job, which everybody is 
dealing with. 
There are reasons for that. One is the financial drain. Many large companies are spending 60% to 
80% of their IT spend on maintaining systems. There is no business value out of that. They want to 
go from 60% or 70% maintenance and 30% new systems to 30% or 40% maintenance and 60%, 
70% new systems. They want to flip the way they spend money, but they cannot do that with that 
fundamental cleanup they need. 
Moreover, many of these systems were designed in an era before you could have online attacks and 
so on. So security breaches, which you see every day, are just going up everywhere, and they are 
more state and non-state actors who are getting better at it using AI. So security is a huge problem 
for everyone. We have seen so many cases in the last few months. 
And because the data is all in silos, you cant even innovate fast. So there are fundamental structural 
issues today we have. So demand side is absolutely demanding modernization. But the good news 
is, for the first time, because of AI, we have the tools now to do modernization fast and very quickly 
and at a much more economic way. So we have a huge demand, and we have the ability now to do 
it, and perhaps our team will talk about that.  
So fundamentally, accumulated tech debt over decades must be paid. You no longer have the option 
to defer this. And this is a huge, huge requirement. And obviously, it is a huge opportunity for us. 
Now the other thing which is there is, as AI becomes a bigger part of the spend, the balance of 
advantage is moving towards ‘build’ rather than ‘buy’. If you see some of the concerns about what 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
will happen to SaaS companies and all that, it is because of this, that building applications has 
become so simple that very often you may just build or you may replace something that you have, 
which you bought, with something to be built. And that again actually benefits folks like us, because 
they are about building. And who is going to build it for them? It is going to be us only who will build 
it for them. So fundamentally, it is good for us. 
And the other thing which is there is that our view is that foundational systems will increasingly 
become systems of record. But the interface will be agentic, because agentic interface makes a lot 
of sense. Agentic interface allows people to produce something which is designed pro consumer or 
pro user. And agentic interface enables you to take out the complexity and hide it behind the agent, 
so the agent is simple to use. It is a very simple idea. 
Now enterprises will, therefore, want to put agentic layers on top of all their applications even if they 
leave the system of record the same. And that is something which will be a combination of bought 
out agents as well as building their own agents, because finally, the agents have to be composable 
in a customer journey which is seamless, which is a mix of agents which are your own or from 
somebody else. Again, that requires orchestration and work which somebody has to do. So there is 
a huge amount of work required once they go towards ‘build’ rather than ‘buy’. 
Now the other thing is, the pace of change is something which obviously we have not seen. We all 
know about the trillions of dollars being spent and all that. But even the technology can change. I 
mean, 2023, foundation/frontier model had 100 billion parameters. Today, it has 1 trillion parameter. 
There were only 10 to 12 agent networks. There are 60 agent networks. So this is only going to go 
up. In the U.S. alone, there are at least 5 frontier models. In China, there are big 4 or big 5. So this 
is only going to go up. In India, we have seen so much action, and you will see some big 
announcements this week on Indian-based sovereign models. 
So I think this is something, there are certain implications of this, because if I am a businessman and 
I have to choose my technology, how do I make sure I do not make the wrong choice, because 
something which I invest in today may have fallen behind tomorrow. Already people are facing this 
reality. And therefore, how do you architect your technology, so that you can deal with this rapid 
change, is a very fundamental and structural need for enterprises. And again, they need help on that 
from somebody who has done this in 2,000 locations and understands the pros and cons of every 
approach. 
But the main thing is that the technology is far ahead of its deployment. Because of this race and 
spending billions and some AGI and all that, the technology is moving faster than the ability of 
enterprises to deploy it. If you look at this chart, you can see that the model performance is going 
up, but the progress in implementing is not really, because implementing this is hard stuff.  

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Fundamentally, it is about organizational change, business change, retraining your people, thinking 
about nondeterministic approaches, changing your data so it is no longer in silos. So fundamentally, 
we have a situation where there is a deployment gap between the power of the technology and the 
capacity of businesses to use this. So if you guys think that some better product has come, nothing 
is going to happen, because the problem is here, not there. You get it. It is about how fast companies 
can implement. So you have to look at that. 
And we call this the deployment gap, but this is actually a concept by Professor Clayton Christensen 
Harvard 25 years back. He called it technology overshoot, where technology gets ahead of the need. 
And in fact, he argues that that is how newcomers come, because newcomers can then launch new 
products that are not as sophisticated, but good enough for customers. And Satya in his recent blog 
talked about model overhang, which is the same idea. Fundamentally, the tech will keep getting 
better and better because billions are going to be poured into it, there is a massive competition, but 
enterprise deployment is not going to go up. And this deployment gap is what we can help to address. 
So again, it is a very important point. 
Now, I think talent transformation is huge. It is not that you will not need, you will need talent, but it 
will go from QA testing or development. We have all kinds of new roles, AI engineers, forward 
deployment engineers, AI leads, forensic analysts, data analysts. So fundamentally, the challenge 
will be how do you take your workforce and make sure that they are reskilled and ready for the new 
business. And that is really the challenge that all the firms will face. So there will be roles. Now the 
way you hire will change, the way you train will change, the way you deploy will change. All that is 
going to happen. And I think we will have sessions on that. But fundamentally, there will be a need 
for people, but they will be doing different things. 
Also, a lot of the talk of productivity is greenfield. Writing greenfield is not a big deal. I can take a tool 
and give it to a kid and he will generate a million lines of code. But that is not the real world. The real 
world is the fact that companies have trillions of dollars invested in their systems. They have technical 
debt. They have data silos. They do not have documents. 
Somebody was telling me the other day that there are some old systems and, on contract, they have 
guys as old as me, 70, 75-year-old guys, because nobody else knows what the hell is going on. And 
then when there is a crisis to be sorted out, they are pulled in from Phoenix or Florida or wherever 
they are, and they have to solve the problem, and nobody else knows how to solve. So we have that 
kind of situation out there, undocumented dependencies.  
So taking brownfield systems and modernizing them is a hell of a lot more difficult than doing 
greenfield development. And a lot of us get biased, because all the guys who talk about productivity 
are talking about greenfield development. And therefore, getting these large enterprise organizations 
productivity going is very, very different from individual tasks. It is a lot more complicated. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Also, AI implementation requires laser focus. The very fact that you can generate stuff means you 
can generate slop. In fact, five years from now, there will be more AI legacy system than any other 
legacy system and all kind of stuff will have been generated and we will have to clean that up also. 
And you can have this fake productivity.  
Let us say there are two guys and they are having a fight. One guy will draft an email, which will be 
one paragraph. He will give it to AI to make it into a 10-paragraph email, because he wants to impress 
the other guy. The other guy will take the 10-paragraph email and summarize it to one paragraph. 
So both have used AI, but what have we achieved? Nothing. So how do we make sure AI is used? 
And therefore, you need usage guidelines, you need quality gates, you need explainability. So how 
do you make sure that AI investments lead to real performance and productivity and not just some 
make-believe stuff. This is something which is very important. 
So what still matters? First, principle thinking. One of the things when we train people is they have 
to learn to do this without tools, because all of us learned to do this without tools. So when we got 
the tools, we knew how to use those tools better. But if you start by teaching them tools and 
everything is a black box, then it is like the guy who never knows how to calculate because he was 
born with a calculator. So first principle thinking is very important, all the more important as you think 
about strategic transformation of large enterprises. First principle thinking is very important. 
Second, understanding enterprise context. Every company is different. Every company has a 
different legacy. Every company has different systems. Some of them have come from acquisition. 
Some have come because they have five business units, all buying their own version of technology. 
All kinds of reasons. Everybody has a complex estate of systems. And context is essential to being 
successful at AI deployment. And each context is different. And it is the dealing with these contexts 
that is the hard part, which is where, again, we believe we have a way of doing that. 
I will give you an example. The self-driving cars, the first DARPA challenge was 2004. The first time 
they rolled out was 2007, 20 years back. Then everybody said, oh yes, by next year, we will have 
self-driving cars. It is 20 years later, all we have is a few cities in America where there are self-driving 
cars, because the context is different, every city is different, every road is different. And by the time 
they come to Bengaluru, it will be 2047, because dealing with Bengaluru traffic will be a different 
level of context. So enterprise context is so important, and that is something which cannot be done 
by a tool. It has to be done by capturing implicit knowledge and making it explicit. 
Agnostic design. Again, what I mean here is, do not get locked into a tool, because that tool may no 
longer be -- it may be ,bsolete in two years. So how do you design for agnostic that you can choose 
any system. Getting the house in order, we talked about removing technical debt. We have to make 
the house in order for this whole thing. And then massive change management. You are changing 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
organization, business sector, people. I mean, this is like unbelievable change management. So 
unless you have leaders who can do effective change, nothing is going to happen. 
It is also about strong collaboration across firms. The firms have to, because all the knowledge is 
implicit in the heads of different people, how do you make that explicit in one customer journey. 
Focus on productivity. It is not about using AI tools. It is about productivity out of those tools. 
Otherwise, you will get false productivity, which leads to more complications. And then this is an 
engineering game. AI engineering is a whole way of doing things. And that is part of your change 
management and transition that you have to do. And that is a big thing. 
So my view is there is no opportunity gap. If anything, the opportunity is bigger than ever before. So 
do not get distracted by that. You should still ask the question, what is the firm doing to take 
advantage of this? What is the firm doing to transform its talent for this new world? What is the firm 
doing to design the services and products for this new world? What are they doing to tell the customer 
in a way that it resonates? What are they doing to make sure that the front-end conversations with 
clients are done properly? These are all the issues.  
And I am sure everybody will not execute the same way. So there is an execution risk in doing that. 
So it is not an opportunity risk, it is an execution risk. You get it? And therefore, the balance of 
assessment is how do we know that each firm has the execution plan ready to get to where they 
have to get? Are they able to do it well? Are they able to do it with speed? Are they able to do it with 
scale? Are they able to do it with new mindsets? That is really the question of the day that all of you 
need to ask. 
So I am hoping that today, you will hear from our team and it will give you some reassurance that we 
are on the right track. Thank you very much. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited
Salil Parekh 
So good morning, and welcome. I think with that session from Nandan, I am sure you have a lot of 
clarity and a vision of where the industry is going, where AI is going and what are the real issues that 
one needs to look at. I want to share, in the next few minutes, where we see the opportunity today 
in AI services and how we are planning to go after it. In fact, already how we are going after it, and 
give you examples of that. 
So first, one of the things we have learned again and again is what we see from our clients is that 
our clients trust Infosys in driving and delivering AI work. And throughout the day, we want to share 
with you several client examples. Here are a few quotes, the first one from the CEO of a large telco, 
where we are doing extensive amount of AI work and how he sees the value that Infosys brings, 
another one from a COO, another one from a CIO. And these are the sorts of examples that drive 
how we have built our approach, how we are executing on the AI journey. 
So today, we are doing AI work for 90% of our large 200 clients. So this is not something which is 
just here and there in pilots. In terms of the scale, it is across many things. It is small and large parts 
of large programs with large clients. What we have now done is introduced a way to look at what we 
are doing through an AI-first value framework. And this framework we are putting together in this 
Hexagon, which I will share in a few minutes in some detail what we are driving through with it. 
We essentially see six large areas where there is growth opportunity for AI services. And I will go 
through this in a little bit. We will also have each of our different leaders, from their different 
perspectives, give you specific examples in each area.  
First, AI strategy and engineering. This is really the area where we do a lot of strategic work. You 
will, in fact, see one of the client examples I shared where the CEO is engaging with us. There are 
several others we will share later. And you will see some videos of this as well. So we are doing a 
lot more AI strategy work. Infosys is a lot more engaged at that level, because AI is central in that 
sense to all of those conversations. But the building of agents, the orchestrating of what the platforms 
are, what the agents are, which are agents which are built by Infosys, which are agents built by 
clients, which are agents built by third party, and how to make all of that come together. 
Second is data for AI. Data is absolutely critical. As I am sure most of you already have seen, each 
large enterprise is protecting its data. No one in the enterprise world, unlike in the consumer world, 
is sharing data broadly with the AI foundation models. Everyone is building their own data, and there 
is a lot of work to be done to make enterprise data ready for AI in this new era.  
The third is process where a lot of business process that exists today, whether it was technology 
enabled or whether it was not, is being driven by agents into new worlds. One of the biggest areas 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited
we see here, of course, is customer service and the customer service business case is driving huge 
change in how process is going to change with the AI world. 
The next, again, you heard from Nandan, the legacy modernization piece. This is a massive, large 
opportunity that we are seeing. In addition to customer service, one of the largest opportunities, 
where we are essentially taking large legacy organizations. We will actually share a couple of 
examples of this, of the work we are doing at scale and bringing them away from the legacy 
landscape into the modern landscape. 
Physical AI is something quite new where AI software is embedded into devices, and that is 
becoming a growth area because everything will have AI built into it.  
And then AI trust, which is both about the trust and cyber, but it is also about responsible AI, which 
is something where Infosys is leading in making sure that things are built with a view to keep 
responsibility in mind in the scaling of IT systems.  
So these are the six new areas that we are seeing. This is a large opportunity set, and this is where 
we see a lot of the growth coming. 
Now here are some examples of clients we are already working with. Throughout the day, in a little 
bit more depth, each of the leaders from Infosys will share one or two client examples. We will also 
have some videos to have the client share, from their perspective, how Infosys has supported them 
in this AI journey.  
So what I am showing you in the Hexagon in the AI value framework is not theoretical. These are 
things that are actually happening on the ground with Infosys. This is what we are executing. And 
this for us today represents 5.5% of our revenue in Q3, and it is growing at a robust pace. And this 
is something which is extremely dynamic. It is something that is working extremely well with our 
clients. 
Now, this at the high level of six big blocks is something that we have as a visual of Hexagon. But 
within the company, we then break it down to 30 offerings, and then those get broken down to 100 
sub-offerings. And each of those are things that are being enabled with our engineers and with 
agents built on Topaz, which we will talk a little bit more about later on. And with partnerships, you 
saw one of the announcements this morning but we are working with each of the large AI players in 
very close coordination to make our clients more successful. 
And all of this is the way we are now going to our clients. So each client discussion today is focused 
on the Hexagon plus the 30 plus the 100. And what is it that we can now work with you as a client 
executive to make it real for you the AI benefit, whether it is for revenue growth, whether it is for cost 
optimization, whether it is for innovation. So our entire go-to-market team, all of our segment leaders, 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited
all of our practice sales leadership are working with clients with this format to make sure that the AI 
becomes more and more embedded into the work that we are doing with clients. 
And this is pulling back a little bit. We have always talked about Navigate Your Next. This is how we 
are looking at the journey. The Navigate Your Next has changed, because technology changes, and 
this Next is about AI. It was different in the previous Navigate Your Next, but the Navigate Your Next 
concept, the client relevance remains the same. Where we are coming from today, the issues that 
Nandan shared, where we are going in the future, what the opportunities are, and what are our 
strengths. 
Our strength is absolutely clear - the understanding of what the client landscape is. There are some 
clients that we work with where we have probably as good understanding of their landscape as some 
of the client teams have. And this makes a huge difference in how we navigate through that, through 
our AI toolkit. Our domain knowledge, our engineering talent, which, with our training, I have always 
believed is one of the best that there is, and the platform and IP that we have built, which again, we 
will highlight a little bit later today. 
Now there is a dynamics in AI services, which all of you know and we understand. One, there is a 
huge opportunity. The one that I mentioned, the 6 areas with an external analysis, we understand 
that the opportunity is between $300 bn and $400 bn in the year getting to 2030, so over that time 
frame at that time in 2030. 
At the same time, we have several entities, have made estimates. We have our own views. The AI 
productivity leads to compression in IT services. However, today, we have a clear view that the 
opportunity is massive and large and that will become the driving force of what we will grow and drive 
through in the next coming years. 
Now in putting all this together, we have created our own playbook, and this is essentially what we 
want to share with you in depth today in each segment of the day. Of course, my vision and objective 
is that we unlock all of the AI value for our clients, and we are absolutely on our path to drive that. 
There is one set of discussions on the new services, what we are calling AI first. So with our delivery 
leadership, with our segment leadership, we will share with you what it means, where we are doing 
it, what are the examples, what are the benefits. 
Then we have AI augmented services, where we are taking all of our services and making sure that 
AI is infused into it to become even more relevant for clients. And again, our delivery leadership will 
share with you some examples of where that is working and how we are doing that.  
And then we have foundational components, our platform, our IP, what we built in Topaz Fabric, 
which we want to share with you in a little bit more detail. We have a set of agents that we have 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited
already built that are ready to deploy. We have things that we can drive with our clients to build their 
own platforms, so showcase that. 
Our partnership ecosystem - this is extremely critical in this new era. And the partners are not only 
the partners that existed in the past. There are some new partners, both large and small, that are 
extremely relevant, and we already have a very strong ecosystem and a way to go to market with 
those partners. 
Our talent and culture, which we think is critical and how we are reshaping it. We are going through 
a huge reskilling process. As you have seen from the announcements over the last several quarters, 
our approach has always been on reskilling and making sure that our team that we have builds up 
to the new, and we are recruiting. 
We continue with our recruitment. We have recruited 20,000 college graduates this year and through 
March, that will be the number. And next financial year, we also have a plan to recruit 20,000 college 
graduates, we want to talk about the talent and culture approach we have. 
And then on the brand, we have a leading brand in the market. Our brand is one of the fastest 
growing. And what are we doing to keep that or do even better in the brand in the AI world. That is 
how we are actually getting a lot more connects with the CEO client base, which is what you need 
to succeed in the AI world.  
So that is our playbook, and we will showcase that to you throughout the day. 
With that, I will close, and I will pass it on to our delivery leadership team to go ahead with the rest 
of the presentations. We will, of course, come back at the end of the day, Jayesh and I, to discuss 
your questions and give you some more views on where I see things are going. Thank you for that. 

External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited  
Satish H.C. 
Let me set the context before we deep dive into our Infosys AI Playbook. Every tech shift, whether it 
is PCs, internet, cloud, digital, each one of them led to rewiring of enterprise work and workflows. 
And AI is the next rewrite. Here is a typical enterprise landscape - sounds complex, this is one of the 
simpler ones. A typical enterprise will be far more complex because of the scale, because of the 
fragmentation, internal and external, the heterogeneity and the divergence of the operating model 
and the regulation with which it operates in, which is by design by the way, and of course, the 
technology debt. 
So, AI in enterprise is not just about low-hanging fruits like localized efficiency or user productivity. 
Integrating AI in an enterprise is not just a software upgrade or a plug-in. If it was that simple in such 
a huge complexity, no surprise that AI projects fail. Then what is it about? It is about harnessing the 
full potential. It is about re-imagination of systems, processes and deeply embedded ways of working 
and rewiring legacy power structures. So, Infosys has done this enterprise rewrite with each of the 
past tech shifts, and we are now doing the next enterprise rewrite with AI. 
So let us look at how is the enterprise tech stack changing. Typically, it consists of the systems of 
record, which deliver deterministic, programmatic capabilities, which are codified, structured 
processes and enforce policies and this delivers governance, accountability and compliance. We 
have systems of intelligence which facilitate engagement, collaboration, transactions, but usually, it 
is the humans who engage with data and the workflows. 
Above the enterprise stack, lies a vast non-deterministic or non-programmed flows, these are unique, 
unstructured, they need novel problem solving. It needs experience, gut feel and is usually handled 
by humans. This is the layer, which is under served today, and this is ripe for AI-led transformation. 
So, it is a myth that enterprises need just 2 layers, which is AI and data, it is enterprise and algorithm. 
How should we harness AI then? AI is not the end game of tech transformations. It is just another 
one, but it is a giant leap in raw capability, and it is not system complete. So, we need a multilayer 
transformational approach and purposeful orchestration to harness the potential of AI. This is why 
AI diffusion in an enterprise lacks the rate of AI adoption, and it needs time. 
So how is AI transforming the enterprise stack? What does this enterprise rewrite about? The core 
intelligence of humans plus machines will be seamlessly shared across the layers, so that every 
layer gets reinforced within the enterprise stack. The systems of record need acceleration, so that 
the business and operational processes can become more efficient. 
The systems of intelligence needs a seamless integration of structured and unstructured data, so 
that intelligence can be wired into user journeys, business processes, transactions and decision-

External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited  
making. It is estimated that 60% of effort in an AI project goes into doing this. The models will come 
in later and this requires deep industry knowledge and context of the enterprise. 
Encoding intelligence and AI in the flows leads to more automation and autonomy. And this is leading 
to the development of a new layer within an enterprise stack, which is what we call as the systems 
of cognitive work within an enterprise. 
As an outcome, humans will shift from acting on data directly to a governance and oversight role on 
flows and decisions. All the new AI tools that keep coming at us at fast pace will get plugged into the 
systems of new cognitive work, and it will accelerate the re-imagination of an enterprise or its flows 
and decisions. Infosys will unlock tech debt and complexity and harness the power of AI to be 
enterprise grade and bridge the evolution adoption gap and expand our addressable market. 
So how do we monetize this? Our playbook reflects the structural changes necessary in our industry, 
so that we drive value at the intersection of intelligence, engineering and domain. With AI, capability 
is a commodity, because it is available to all. 
Sustainable mode for an enterprise can be created by deep integration in specialized workflows and 
unlocking unique organization knowledge and context. So every enterprise has got unique data 
processes, risks and complexity, and AI will not unlock uniformly across the enterprises because of 
this variance. So our client intimacy and deep understanding of our client context will help us, mitigate 
this and unlock value and also drive culture and change. 
So we have built an engineering approach in our delivery where we can codify enterprise context, 
which will help accelerating scaling of AI. And this also enables enterprises to retain and protect this 
unique enterprise context within their four walls of the enterprise, so that they can keep their 
competitive differentiation, and this is not diffused into the AI models. Our depth in engineering and 
frameworks on IP and patents will accelerate AI readiness and adoption with our Topaz Fabric and 
our specialized talent in the form of full stack and FDEs. 
For a financial services client, they were looking for an AI partner. When we started talking to them, 
we realized that they have a very strong enterprise AI platform that they have built. But then what 
we realized was they had an adoption gap, and we pulled out our agent control framework, as we 
call it, which would address the quality of code that is being generated, which would address the AI 
slop, which led to a poor adoption within their organization. So now we are working with them on 
taking our framework and fortifying their enterprise AI platform, so that we can accelerate that 
journey. 
We have embarked on a talent transformation journey to build an ambidextrous workforce, which is 
deep in engineering and creative in reimagining work and workflows from first principles. We see 
new opportunities with domain stack. We have over 25 years of industry-focused experience and 

External Document © 2023 Infosys Limited  
when core intelligence connects with agentic economy, the play of AI elevates from how work is 
done to new outcomes that are possible. So we are invested in building the domain stack powered 
by our depth in domain and knowledge of how to deeply integrate AI tools and plug-ins into the flow. 
We have created strong differentiation in our services stack. AI is now integral to how we deliver 
every service. Our services stack is powered by Topaz Fabric. We now have an approach to 
productize and reimagine work and workflows that will lead to a human plus agent model. We are 
also seeing momentum with new deal archetypes, legacy modernization with reduced risk, higher 
predictability on cost and accelerated timeline, large deals with integrated ops tech and 
transformation wired in, organization transformation encompassing enterprise stack and people. 
This includes the AI-first DCC approach, which we have pioneered in the market. We have also 
elevated our play to take end-to-end accountability from strategy to actionable roadmap to execution 
and eventually outcomes. We have expertise in delivering both above the line, which is business 
value and below the line, which is efficiency. Infosys is best equipped to deliver enterprise AI ambition 
with the power of our client intimacy and our AI playbook. 
A quick example. Here is a client, a CPG, who had an ambition of clocking about growing their 
revenue to $7 bn. They came to us to bridge their ambition and deliver an AI operating model, so 
that we will have an actionable roadmap and execute to it with executive AI value office, along with 
managing risk, governance and assurance. We used our Infosys IP and built their unified data 
foundation. We build their enterprise Agentic AI platform with the requisite guardrails. This enables 
them to rapidly innovate and diffuse AI across their functions. Today, they have 10 Agentic AI 
products in the business across different functions from R&D, sales, marketing. 
Above the line, with the agents that we developed in R&D for product formulation, they now have 
line of sight to $50 mn revenue, which they did not have before. Below the line, we have been able 
to unlock $25 mn cost savings through just optimizing operational work. And then beyond this, we 
were also able to deliver 40% of business productivity improvement in functions like procurement 
and marketing. Thank you. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Dinesh Rao 
Thank you, Simran, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for sparing your 
time here today. As we navigate the landscape changes with respect to AI, I think our priority in the 
last 6 months to 1 year has been how do we accelerate our customers from experimentation to really 
looking at an AI scalable at industry level. 
Now AI as a technology is as good as what it can really understand from orchestration across 
systems of record, which Satish alluded to, ability to really understand the complex business 
processes and navigate. And most importantly, how does it even get to understand the deep-seated 
legacy systems that are there. And frankly, looking at all the complexities that we had with respect 
to some of the estates that we have been working as well as with the customers, we decided to 
codify our entire services across 6 strategic pillars. And these 6 strategic pillars are all integrated. In 
a way, a customer who wants to start the journey of AI adoption has to look at each one of them. 
Our intent is to take this strategic pillar to walk them through this entire journey of scaling the AI. 
Now let me start with the pillar number 1, the AI strategy and engineering. Nandan alluded to it, so 
as Salil. Organizations are extremely complex. One needs to really look at the top down, looking at 
how do I really create an AI blueprint, a need of really setting up an AI transformation office. What 
would that mean? I need to first understand which business units, which business processes that I 
would be able to unlock the AI value. You cannot really be spraying across the AI in multiple different 
business units. Now that is a very key thing because that is where the value realization framework 
of Infosys comes to bear to look at how do I map the process to the value that it actually arrives with. 
Now the second key thing is how do I change the ways of working. Because you have so many 
models, so many platforms that have come by, one needs to really put together a very technology-
centric AI platform with the models that it needs to go with, the governance that it has to happen and 
how do we make sure that we diffuse this particular platform across multiple layers of the 
organization, so that we have one standard way of really looking at how do I scale the AI. 
The third layer, obviously, is to really look at the entire governance model that you need to put 
together. In a way, this AI has gone very strongly. The last one, obviously, is to really look at a 
purposeful selection of an AI infrastructure where you also need to continuously keep an eye on 
what would happen to my AI Ops. 
Very recently, we have been working with the CEO as well as the Board of Danske Bank, where we 
really started working with them to looking at how do I enable this bank towards the journey of being 
AI first and digital first. So we set up an AI office along with the Board, working along with the CEO 
to really put together a strategy all the way to engineering, augmented that with innovation labs as 
well as identification of core processes like KYC, the fraud detection, credit and what not. So in a 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
way, the journey is just not that I would start doing software development, but it needs to have a top-
down view of really setting up the strategy for an organization. 
Now the second pillar, my friends, data is everything that AI needs. Today, organizations have 
multiple pools of data sitting. It is just not structured data. It is, in fact, even unstructured data, multiple 
modes in terms of videos, in terms of speeches and what not to an extent of about 60% to 80%. And 
today, the most of the time is spent on data in all our projects. Data is one which accelerates your AI 
journey or potentially could also decelerate your entire velocity of how you are going to do it. 
So our framework here today is to really look at help our customers try and harness the data, 
transform the data, bring them all under one uniform data fabric. And it just does not sit there. At the 
end of the day, data also have to drive intelligence. The intelligence can be driven only by connecting 
the semantics and the ontology on top of it. And that is a very elaborate process one needs to go 
through, because the processes are different by region, by business units, and it has been all codified 
in systems of records as well as in systems of experience. And that is a humongous job. 
The third layer there is to really look at how do I govern the data, because the data fingerprinting is 
extremely critical as you really look at who would get the access of data, so that in some sense, 
there is a framework if you really look at. So in one of the large industrial manufacturers, there was 
10 petabyte of data that we had to really bring in all together, harness it as well as create the semantic 
ontology today, help them actually drive the supply chain optimization by over 20% to 30%. 
Now the third pillar, Nandan alluded to this, this is all of reimagining the entire business processes. 
Most of the large enterprises today have point-to-point solution. One need to really look at in the 
context of domain and reimagine the entire business processes. And these processes have to be 
reimagined with respect to how the human intuition works along with the AI and agents. And it is 
extremely critical that every workflow by persona has to be reimagined and has to be codified the 
way AI would actually come by. 
Now this also has to be contextual to the business and the regions where you really work by. You 
just cannot take a sourcing and a procurement process and say that it is a domain that it could be 
applied to every industry. It has to really be contextualized to the industry and the business that you 
are really looking at. And most importantly, since it is going to change and touch every one of us, it 
has to also be looked at how do I operationalize the entire workflow, the technology and the change 
management, all put together to really help realize the end-to-end value. 
We have been now with Toyota Motors Europe working through a supply chain transformation 
process, where we took our industry asset of automobile on top of it, the entire agentic playbook, 
really looked at by persona of a buyer, a planner or a customer service agent and really double-
clicked to look at what does this transformation really mean. And just to look at one critical process 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
of drop ship, which is so critical for an automobile -- is to really bring in agent and orchestration there 
to really take away all the manual work and bring in much better inventory visibility. 
Now the fourth pillar, obviously, is modernization and everybody has talked about it. It is the an 
Achilles' heel of our large organizations. Today, there is so much of tech debt sitting there. The code 
is obsolete. There is no written documentations. There are no availability of SMEs today. And it is 
not that the customers did not really try to do the legacy modernization, but the ROI and the time it 
took never stacked up in the past technologies. So what AI models as well as powered by our Topaz 
Fabric today enables is to make sure that we transition some of these large legacy, both on the data 
as well as on process side, into the most modern cloud-based microservices architecture. And today, 
it does stack up, and you would hear one of the examples very soon. 
Now physical AI is something we believe is at the cusp of really accelerating the AI journey. Whatever 
intelligence that we all thought and built as a part of the digital workflow is finally now moving towards 
the actual physical objects. And this, friends, helps the acceleration of AI in a lot of the products that 
we really look at. Some of the key cases that we really look at is -- and in terms of data first, the new 
product introduction, wherein the entire process would be reimagined as well as infused with AI, the 
products have to be defined or designed with AI in the front. And with more and more products with 
the software bomb being larger than actually the physical and the mechanical, we have a huge play 
in terms of embedding the AI as we look ahead. 
The second case is the intelligence today; the real-time intelligence is moving from cloud to the edge. 
Now this will help accelerate the decision-making at the edge, which means vehicles, the industry 
operations, running infrastructure, all of this would actually increase the advancement and usage of 
AI. And lastly, the autonomous systems today, the prevalence in a lot of industries as well as areas 
is continuously keeping on increasing. Towards that, we see that we accelerated the journey of 
actually infusing the AI in the physical. 
And here, I also want to draw your attention to the two acquisitions that we did, one InSemi, which 
meant the silicon design as well as validation. The other one in-tech, on the automobile, directly fits 
exactly into this particular pillar where it would help us bring more context as well as acceleration in 
terms of enabling the physical AI.  
The last, ladies and gentlemen, is not the least and the most important is the trust and the 
governance. 
If I today ask everybody here, who has used the AI? I am sure that all of you would raise your hand, 
but how many of you really trust the output that came by. I am not sure whether everybody would 
raise their hand, because there are hallucinations, there are model breaches, and there are also 
governance issues with respect to the new AI Act and etc, coming in. So in a way, the trust has to 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
permeate through all the other 5 layers for us to really make sure that we have the output that comes 
in an enterprise, which is trustworthy. To me, the trustworthy AI in every enterprise would be a huge 
differentiator. So we want to build the trust to our customers, and we want to monetize the trust for 
our customers. 
Now having looked at all these 6 important strategic pillars, right, I just want to dwell on one of the 
cases, Nova Chemicals. They are a large petrochemical manufacturer based out of Canada and 
U.S., and it is very asset intensive. As you know, the industrial operations is extremely complex. If
an asset goes down, they would have an impact on the top line and the bottom line. In the current
context, most of what they were doing with respect to maintenance was all manual, logs and etcetera.
So we were invited to a program in smart maintenance, where we actually brought in the data across
their machinery, their OEM manuals, their maintenance manual, the historical data, the log data and
etcetera, to help a planner to really, with a simple NLP on a chatbot would be able to guide them on
what part of the industrial operations have to really go through a maintenance.
And most importantly, we were also able to actually bring in orchestration with agent AI, where the 
OT systems and the IT systems come together. So seamlessly, we were able to really move towards 
actually creating the entire work order process, the planning process, which actually moves over 
from OT systems to the SAP or the ERP that we have. And we see the impact of bringing huge 
planning efficiency, asset utilization and etcetera. Of course, here, we partner with Microsoft, and we 
used all the stack of the entire Azure to really make it come to life. 
The last case I want to really dwell is about Hertz. I am sure all of you know it is a very large mobility 
organization where we are today, as we speak, embarking on really modernizing their entire 
reservation, their fleet management, their pricing and the whole thing, which today is approximately 
3 million lines of code actually sitting on a tandem computer. And I would like to here play the video, 
let us hear from the customer on what their experience has been and what we have done with respect 
to this journey. 
So the important point to note is, models are there, I think workflows are there, but our context of 
Hertz in terms of what their processes are, how the code has been written, how the existing 
architecture is and what is the new modular architecture that we need to really help them migrate to 
is the context that this iLEAD brings to bear. And that is very critical as we really look at this entire 
legacy modernization. 
So that, ladies and gentlemen, summarizes the six value pools that we are talking about, and thank 
you so much. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Balakrishna D.R 
So my colleagues, Dinesh and Satish, talked about AI-first services, which is new value pool that is 
being created out of AI. What I am going to be talking about is AI augmented services. What we 
mean by that is taking our traditional services and infusing AI in that, and we want to be a leader in 
this space as well, and I will talk about how we are doing that. 
So we have taken each of our services that we actually traditionally provide, whether it is application 
development, testing, modernization, migration, engineering services, business operations. So 20 
plus services that we actually provide, and we have created detailed playbooks of how we can use 
AI in transforming the way we deliver these services. 
When we are doing this, we are partnering with the best of the technology that is out there. We are 
working with leading models from Anthropic, from OpenAI, from Gemini, from Amazon Nova. And in 
fact, we are also working with open-source models, like DeepSeek, Llama, and we have even 
created our own coding model in this space, perhaps the only GSI that has actually created a coding 
model. So we use a combination of these models that in our engagements. 
So in the Hertz example that you actually saw, we, used two models. We used a Claude model that 
actually generates the code. And one of the things about LLMs are they are better in critiquing output 
than generating output. So we used an OpenAI model to critique that output, and that is how we 
actually improved the accuracy. 
So one is the models. The second is the tools. And in the tools, we are working again with the leading 
tools. GitHub Copilot was the first, and it had almost 100% of the market share. 2 years back, we set 
up a GitHub COE that was inaugurated by the CEO of GitHub. And then we are still ranked the 
number 1 GSI in terms of GitHub adoption. Just a few months back, we got this award as the leading 
GSI for working on GitHub. 
But just not GitHub, we are working with Anthropic, we are working with Gemini, we are working on, 
on the models from Anthropic CLI. We are working on the new age models, Devin from Cognition, 
also we are working with Cursor.ai that you would have recently seen. So we are working with the 
leading models. We are working with the leading tools. 
But then, again, as my colleagues also talked about, a lot of these models do not understand the 
enterprise context. They do not understand the standards that are there in the enterprise. They do 
not know other libraries that are there, other programs that are there. So we have to do a lot to 
actually bring that context into the tools that we are actually using. So, we do that by creating MCP 
registries. We create a knowledge graph of the enterprise context and we combine that. In the recent 
release that we just did with Anthropic, you hear Dario talking about that. They need Infosys to bring 
the enterprise context onto the models, and that is what we actually do. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
In addition to that, we have actually created agents specifically for each kind of services. So in 
application development, we have taken the life cycle and said we need agents for requirements, 
design, architecture, etc. And we have created 100 such agents that we are using in each of our 
services. In addition to that, we have to create other tools. You saw in the Hertz example, the LLM 
models cannot digest huge pieces of code at one time. Some of these enterprises that we work with 
have millions of lines of code. If you give that to the LLM, they start to hallucinate. So, you have to 
shrink the code, you have to create graphs, call graphs on how these are actually associated, and 
that is when you get better output from LLM. So we have created all of these assets that are part of 
our Topaz Fabric, which my colleague, Rafee will actually talk about in more detail in the next section. 
In spite of doing all this, we need talent. And sometimes people ask me, if LLMs are generating code, 
why do you need people? Why do you need developers anymore? And I think they asked the same 
question to Boris Charney from Anthropic, because Anthropic is continuing to hire developers. So 
somebody on X asked him, if Claude code can actually generate code, why are you still hiring 
software developers? And his response was that engineering is changing, but great engineers are a 
requirement still and in fact, the most important requirement going ahead. And that is something that 
we also actually believe. 
The way that we actually deliver code or the way we support applications may change, but still you 
need great talent. And so what we are doing is to take each of our developers and training them on 
AI. So we have 90% of our developers that have been trained on AI. It will never become 100% since 
we are always hiring new people into the stream. But our intent is to actually have everybody be able 
to use AI in their daily work. 
In addition, we need specialized roles, like forward deployment engineers that will create the 
platforms that the teams will actually use. And then we have created COEs for each of the 
partnerships that we have. So it is a combination of all of these that actually helps us deliver our AI-
induced services.  
It is the blueprint, it is the technology, our own technology plus the leading technology that is out 
there and the people that we actually create. The way we are going to market is also, as you saw in 
the Hertz example, is not about PPTs anymore, it is about actual demos, and that is what we see 
creates the impact, and that is how we actually go to market in all of our large deals. 
I will talk about a couple of examples of how we are using it in actual programs that we are executing. 
What better example than Microsoft, who is in the leading edge of this kind of technology adoption, 
creating the technologies and also adopting this technology. So in Microsoft, we have a 360-degrees 
partnership. What we mean by that is that we go to market with Microsoft, we are one of the big 
customers of Microsoft, Microsoft is our customer. We provided services to Microsoft and we do 
multiple engagements with them, but I will give you a couple of examples of what we are doing. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Microsoft themselves are going through a big transformation. From enterprise agreements, they are 
going to what they call MCAs, Master Customer Agreements. What this means is that through the 
master customer agreement, they want to eliminate all the paperwork that they had to deal with in 
the enterprise agreement. They also are talking about evergreening the licenses. So enterprise 
agreements had only 2 years’ timeframe. This is perpetual agreement that you can use for multiple 
years. Enterprise agreements had a minimum seat count of 250. This actually has no minimum seat 
count. In addition, in MCAs, you are able to monitor your usage, adapt your usage, you are billed 
based on your usage, you get a very flexible billing. So multiple advantages for the customers of 
Microsoft by using this agreement. 
And also for Microsoft itself, because you are not having papers and documents anymore, it 
eliminates and accelerates the way they go to market and also the operations that they have, On 
this engagement, they had to build the IT system to manage all of this. So Infosys is actually working 
with them to build that. We used all the technologies that I actually talked about, and we are getting 
2x developer velocity and 35% improvement in the time to market. 
The other engagement that we are working with Microsoft is on their Intelligent Cloud. So, as you 
know, this includes Azure and Microsoft Office. They carry a lot of mission-critical systems of 
Microsoft customers on these clouds. And it is important for Microsoft that for these mission-critical 
applications that there is no downtime and then it is actually trustworthy. So, Infosys is again 
providing support for Microsoft on this. And the way that we have used AI, is that AI agents today 
monitor the logs and predict issues before they actually happen. And they give all of this intelligence, 
which we call triaging, and then we route it to a specific support engineer with the information, so 
that they can actually work on it before the issue actually happens. So this is for both reactive and 
proactive issues. And so you can see that we get 40% improvement in the incident response and 
10x improvement in the RCA turnaround. 
So there are several such examples. The other example that I have here is Danske. Danske has a 
Forward '28 Strategy where they are looking at modernizing their entire landscape. They want to 
bring process efficiency and they want to completely create it as a digital bank. So you must have 
seen the press release where they have chosen Infosys for this transformation, and we are helping 
them on the AI strategy and transformation as well. And we are doing everything from AI strategy to 
implementation. We have set up an innovation lab for them, and we are creating multiple AI solution 
work streams. 
So we are using Agentic AI in the code development, more than 2 million lines of code that we have 
generated. But then again, these lines of code that we generate has to be validated, and that is what 
our engineers have been trained to actually do. And 97% of the engineers are using that. In addition, 
we have created multiple AI solutions. They wanted to use ChatGPT, but they wanted the guardrails. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
So we created enterprise ChatGPT, which has over 16,000 users. They created other solutions on 
risk and HR, which have been quite successful.  

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited
Mohammed Rafee Tarafdar 
Over the next 10 minutes, I will cover how we are going to power AI-first services and AI augmented 
services using our IP and platforms. Now earlier during the day, we heard about the complexity with 
enterprise landscapes. And when I think about enterprise landscapes, I think about city maps. Every 
city is different. The map for each of these cities are very different. 
Now if I bring any AI model,any tool any platform, the only way to accelerate is by creating runways 
within an enterprise that can help us accelerate AI adoption from pilots to hundreds of projects, and 
that is where Infosys Topaz comes in. And we do it in 5 different ways. 
First, we have created a rapid experimentation and innovation infrastructure where our teams 
working with our clients evaluate the latest developments that are happening in the AI space. They 
look at all the noise that is happening and identify tech that is relevant. They then build proof of 
values that are very relevant for their business and then they demonstrate the art of possible in a 
veryrapid manner. And today, there are about 39 such innovation labs that we are running with our 
clients across the globe. 
Second, we take a very value-centric approach in how we look at the end-to-end process, because 
over the last few years, we have realized that use cases cannot deliver significant value. And this is 
where we are bringing the 25-plus industry blueprints we have in order, to come with already 
reimagined business and IT workflows that we can use with our clients to accelerate. So today, when 
our consulting teams, what they do is they sit with our clients, they understand the problems. 
Then they use the product discovery and vibing tool from our Topaz fabric to very quickly identify 
good solutions, build a prototype, and then using exponential engineering, they actually create a 
production scale application by end of the day. And then using this, they are able to demonstrate 
how we can reimagine the complete workflow. 
The third, Nandan talked about creating an architecture that is very evolvable. Now what we have 
done is, the way we have designed our IP and platforms is to make sure that we give optionality to 
our clients. They can pick any model they want. They can pick any agent framework they want. They 
can run on any AI platform. They can run on any AI cloud, and we can integrate with any AI-native 
tool that they have partnered with. And today, in most of our production deployments, we have a 
number of varieties that today we are already supporting. 
The fourth runway is to build that enterprise context. Now here, we are doing 2 things. One, based 
on the work that we are already doing with most of our clients, we have built an enterprise context. 
Think of it like a map. Whenever I want to navigate in a city, you need a map which tells you how to 
go faster. So we have built this enterprise context or map that tells me how the systems work, what 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
the infrastructure looks like, where the apps are running, where the data resides, and how they all 
connect. 
And on top of it, we are building an industry context. The industry context tells us what happens 
within a retail, within a bank, within a CPG context. And these are the models that we are bringing 
out of the box through a graph technology, and we are building these enterprise twins. And this is 
what will enable us to accelerate. Eventually, in most enterprises, to drive projects at scale, they 
need multispeed IT governance projects, so that they can onboard these AI tools at speed. They 
need to put these guardrails, and that is why we are building a lot of tooling that enables them to 
deliver these AI solutions in a very trusted manner. And all of this comes through Infosys Topaz. 
Now in the IP and platforms that we have been building at Infosys, we have always kept our customer 
needs in mind. So if a customer comes and says, look I want an end-to-end vertically integrated AI 
and agentic platform, then we use AI Next as a platform to accelerate value. Or if the customer says, 
look, I have already made some investments, I want a composable modular agentic and AI platform 
which can help accelerate my own AI journey at speed, then we essentially bring the Infosys Topaz 
Fabric. So with the combination of these, we are able to meet most of the demands of what our 
enterprise customers have. 
Now let me talk about Topaz Fabric itself because over the last few months, we are starting to 
integrate all the different IP that we have at Infosys, into one common way through which we can 
deliver our services. Topaz Fabric enables 5 key capabilities. The first is this builds on our customers' 
existing investments. So this is not about replacing what they have. So this works above their model 
layer, above their platforms, and above theirenterprise systems. And Fabric can integrate with any 
model, any framework, anything that they have. So that is the abstraction that we have already built 
within this. 
Second, it provides close to 600 agents, which have been purpose-built for different AI-first services, 
AI augmented services and also for industry-specific flows. So this is something that we bring out of 
the box to accelerate the journey for our customers. Third, what we have also done is, we said we 
will create out-of-box integration. So we have out-of-box integration with most of the coding tools, . 
We have out-of-box integration with different models. We have out-of-box integration, with business 
platforms like SAP, Oracle, Salesforce. We have out-of-box integration, with data platforms like 
Snowflake and Databricks and with enterprise platforms with ServiceNow. 
Now what this enables is it enables us to deliver value to our customers quickly. Now in all of these, 
it is also about bringing the enterprise context and hybrid intelligence. So the way we are doing is 
we are starting to build a number of different ontologies and models that comes pre-packaged as 
part of our Topaz Fabric, and that is something that we bring out of the box. And as we deploy it, we 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
learn from the data, we learn from the processes. And this is how we create a closed feedback loop 
where the context keeps improving as it gets used over a period of time. 
Now lot of our clients also want to use a lot more predictability in the way AI is deployed. This is 
where we bring a lot of deterministic rules, couple it with AI models, and we also bring our own small 
language models in order to create a right value proposition from cost as well as from a time-to-
market standpoint. Now all of these is backed by a lot of deep research and patents that we have 
filed over the years. 
Now while we are doing a lot of innovation internally inside within Infosys, we also acknowledge that 
there is a lot of innovation happening outside. So we are working with AI native partners in 3 different 
ways. One, if they have a platform that is really good at doing something, then we are leveraging it 
for the tasks that are relevant to enterprise. For example, Nandan talked about brownfield. So our 
Cognition partnership is largely to use Devin for a lot of brownfield engineering, because we find 
that, that is really good at it. 
Second, we are building embedded agents that can work within our partner tooling. So today, we 
have built agents in Fabric that can run within Claude Code, that can run within GitHub Copilot, that 
can run within  ServiceNow. So whichever platform the client has, these agents work within that 
environment. 
And third, we have integrated with their tooling, so that we can cover the end-to-end value chain that 
is required to accelerate the journey. The next  is also we are focused on where the industry is 
heading on AI, and this is where we are working with universities to do joint research. We do today 
on agentic technology, on also scaling, and on trust with Cambridge, with Columbia and Cornell. And 
we are also doing this a lot more with the research centers that we have set within Infosys. This is 
to make sure that we continue to build on what will come next. 
Now let me bring all of this to life with an example where for one of our logistics client, they were 
finding that the customers were able to process the orders and bookings in a lot more accelerated 
manner, and this was creating an issue for them. And they said, we want to be able to process these 
customer care services in a much more accelerated manner. This is where we took AI Next as a 
platform, because they had already tried with multiple platforms and they did not work. And we said, 
we will use AI Next first to uncover the existing knowledge, because they had rules that are very 
specific to each customer. So we pulled out close to about 8,000 different rules that exist there. 
The second innovation that we brought here is that we automated the entire workflow. So when we 
started, the extent of automation was about 0% to 10%. We took them to about 70% automation in 
their entire workflow. What this meant is the turnaround time reduced from 24 hours to about 30 
minutes. The next is, they also were very concerned with the sovereignty of the stack. So what we 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
did in this case is we used the Mistral and Pixtral models to make sure that it addresses the 
sovereignty needs that they had. And this today supports orders or bookings from 116 different 
countries, and it supports 15 different languages. That is the power of what this could do. 
And eventually, as we started scaling, cost became an important driver. So we had to bring in a lot 
of optimizations to reduce the cost significantly for that customer. And this is something that we did 
over the last 1 year, and today, this is live. Now you can see a lot of these IP platforms as you come 
to our living labs, and I encourage all of you to please spend some time and experience these 
technologies that we are talking about. Thank you very much. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Anand Swaminathan 
So let me share a few things in the next 10 minutes, particularly around what is driving AI demand in 
the communications, media and the tech business. And what is the value that we are seeing when 
we work with our clients on AI. And I will also give you one concrete example where we have 
delivered AI at scale. AI is no more an experimentation with many of the telecom, media and the 
tech companies. They are looking at making AI a core operating model on which they want to drive 
customer experience, engineering and network resilience, as well as operational efficiency. 
So the communications, media and the tech business spans across the semiconductor companies, 
the OEM platforms, to the hyperscalers and the media and entertainment companies. There are 6 
defining themes that are driving the demand for AI. First is if you look at the telecom companies, they 
are facing a huge growth challenge. There are only so many consumers to buy mobiles and each 
consumer can only buy so many mobiles. Then if you look at the B2B business, which has 
traditionally been a challenge for the telecom companies, it is not growing at a good rate for them. 
So with the B2B and B2C growth issues, AI is giving them a breather. 
Now companies are reimagining their customer journeys using AI. And on the B2B, they are 
rethinking how should they go to market. In one particular case, we have done a joint venture with 
an Australian company called Telstra, where we own the majority stake and we will jointly be 
responsible for taking the B2B non-connectivity solutions to the Australian market. And we are 
engaged with a variety of our telco clients doing a lot of B2B and B2C work. Sovereign and sovereign 
cloud is a big opportunity for the telecom companies. 
Now outside of U.S., every country is really looking at telecom companies to provide for the AI 
infrastructure, to provide for data residency, to provide for cyber resilience and to be able to operate, 
within the country, the required AI apparatus to keep the businesses going. So that is a big 
opportunity. 
Third one is around the productivity expectations. They have to bring down their unit costs. And the 
huge challenge for them is the traditional productivity factors are not enough. So they are looking at 
step change in productivity improvements. And again, here, AI is a huge factor. On the other side, if 
you look at the tech and the media side, we are all seeing the huge spending surge that is going on 
with AI in terms of expanding the AI farm. But the issue has been that most of the AI is actually sold 
within the tech companies in terms of model building, model training and is not really getting diffused 
to other verticals or other industries. 
So, the opportunity for Infosys is actually to bring our domain knowledge across the different 
industries and really work with the tech companies and make sure that we are able to take the 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
products and services and actually do the implementations. So this is one reason why many of the 
tech companies want to work with Infosys because of our native understanding of many of these 
industries. 
And finally, there is a huge race across the tech companies towards gaining AI market share, and 
that is opening up a lot of opportunities for us in terms of working with them on the engineering spend 
as well as in enabling them in terms of creating new channels, either on the sales or on the partner 
side. 
To participate in the AI opportunity, two things are very important. One is trust with the clients and 
second is the scale. So if you look at the telecom, media and the tech business today, it is a very 
concentrated segment where there are very few big companies and then a long tail of small 
companies. So we have deliberately developed a long-standing relationship with some of the leaders 
in this industry. And that is evidenced by the fact that almost 60% plus of our revenues come from 
the top 15 clients. 
Now what it means is these are the clients with whom we have the level of trust and advocacy to 
work with them on their AI road map. And with each of these clients, we actually are engaged in one 
or more of these opportunities today. So where we see, again, AI getting deployed and value getting 
created, three broad areas. First is customer experience. Now Nandan touched upon it, talking about 
customer reimagination of processes. It starts with that, whether it is a B2B or a B2C. And how do 
we rethink the process in an agentic world and how do we improve the customer satisfaction and 
customer retention. So that is a big opportunity. 
But along with that, it is not as simple as that because you have a lot of legacy tech in many of these 
companies. Many of these tech gear there is end of life or end of support. So there is a big question 
about, are we going to buy new platforms? Or are we going to just build the platforms? And the 
obvious answer now seems to be going towards building platforms in an agentic AI framework. And 
that gives companies like us a huge opportunity. And we are seeing an additional improvement or 
an incremental of about 30% on the Net Promoter Score in many cases. 
So when it comes to network resilience or engineering reliability, so we have a solution framework 
called Infosys Smart Network Assurance, which is today part of the Topaz suite of products. Using 
this, working across many telcos globally, we have been able to improve the network resilience and 
bring down outages significantly. Now as far as the operations are concerned, it is about really 
applying Agentic AI in a way where we are working on a human plus agent model to drive the unit 
economics and be more efficient for our customers. 
So let me talk about one particular example where we have really scaled AI across a large enterprise. 
So Liberty Global is a leading broadband and mobile , fixed/mobile broadband communications 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
company based in Europe. They operate across many European countries and with about 10 million 
subscribers subscribing to their entertainment and connectivity platform. 
Infosys today owns and operates the entire stack of hardware, software and services for Liberty 
Global. And this engagement is built on a per subscriber basis. The fee is based on per subscriber. 
So as the subscriber count changes, Infosys fee also changes. So what we have been able to do in 
a situation like this is using the Agentic AI framework, unlock value in the software stack, which is 
something that traditionally has not been done by many of the service companies. 
So when we took over this undertaking of completely owning a 10 million subscriber platform, which 
is a highly critical platform, the big question was how are we going to deal with hardware and 
software, but that is what is giving us the biggest opportunity to unlock savings today. Now also 
applying a very unified Agentic AI thinking for the entire platform, we have been able to improve 
customer experience. 
In one case, for example, where if you imagine a customer at home who has an option to use an 
Apple remote or some other device to interact with the TV, we are giving better features or richer 
features using the entertainment platform at Liberty through our Agentic AI framework, where through 
a natural language, the subscriber can speak to the television and get the shows he wants instead 
of doing a search with a clunky device. Now this improves engagement of the subscriber to Liberty 
as a brand as against going via some other brand. 
Similarly, we have improved network resilience in this company, and you can see the metrics out 
there and as well as many of the other important critical elements like improving their own employee 
experience by bringing Agentic AI. 
Thank you  very much 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Jasmeet Singh 
Well, hello, everyone. I am delighted to share with you today what we see is happening in 
Manufacturing on AI and how are we capitalizing on this opportunity. Leading manufacturers are 
leveraging AI, embedding it into their product, embedding it into their workflows. They are driving 
agentic execution to unlock value. In fact, in our recently published Manufacturing tech index, 75% 
of the manufacturers embed AI into their enterprise strategy. 
Now we see three big areas of opportunity for us. Number one, everything is getting connected. And 
what that means is, it is driving investments into smarter products, smarter operations and as-a-
service models. Now it has been talked about before, but the industry has got a rigid tech stack. That 
is leading to and driving AI-led modernization. That is opportunity number two. Now AI lives on data. 
And manufacturers have a treasure trove of data. They have it in the smarter products across 
operations. And so that is opportunity number three. 
Now as we look at the manufacturing value chain from design to service, we are obviously seeing a 
huge amount of applicability of AI. But let me talk about the make part of AI. Now it makes sense 
that I talk about this because this has the potential to drive operational performance improvements 
and agility. 
 As an example, for a leading industrial manufacturer, we are leveraging computer vision and AI to 
assess product quality in their manufacturing operations. This is driving a 10% increase in 
throughput. Now it is not only across the value chain. We see now that we are able to solve much 
more complex problems leveraging AI, and we are unlocking a lot more value. And this is cutting 
across also the horizontal areas like finance, HR and legal. 
Now let me make it real with a couple of examples. This is a mission-critical process at Rolls-Royce. 
You know Rolls-Royce manufactures and sells aircraft engines on a power-by-the-hour basis. 
Engines require maintenance. They need to come into the shop for overhaul, for maintenance, and 
they come to the Rolls-Royce MRO facilities for that. Every time an engine comes, it means that 
aircraft or the airlines could be facing an aircraft on-ground situation and Rolls-Royce could be losing 
revenues. So you can understand that the imperative is to try and get the engine back on wing and 
not idle as quickly as possible. The process in question is the reviewing and authoring of the repair 
procedures of every engine that comes in. Now each engine is unique because it has its own unique 
operating parameters. The multi-agentic solution that we have developed for Rolls-Royce is 
delivering significant benefits, a 40% reduction in engineering effort. First-time right rates are 
increasing from under 40% to 75%. And because we are able to accelerate the entire process, it is 
providing a multimillion-pound revenue uplift for Rolls-Royce. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
In the words of Declan, as you can see, Infosys has successfully operationalized the Agentic AI 
solution. It is an approved EASA, which is the regulator. Remember, this process is manual. It is 
highly regulated and safety first. It is an EASA approved European Union Aviation Safety Agency 
approved solution. And that means we can now scale it across Rolls-Royce.  
The second example is on GE Vernova. It has been referenced before. Now GE Vernova is a $40 
bn in revenues company. It is a leader in power, wind and electrification. They are at the forefront of 
the energy transition, and their aim is to electrify the world while simultaneously decarbonizing it. 
They selected us as the AI strategy partner for them. This is from strategy all the way to execution. 
The reason why they selected us was because of what they saw we were doing internally to become 
an AI-first company. We are able to bring together not only the AI expertise, but the knowledge that 
we have in product engineering, in business process as well as in IT, seamlessly to deliver this 
significant transformation at scale. We have already delivered over 25-plus agents, multi-agent use 
cases for GE Vernova in production. We are delighted to be a partner to GE Vernova on this exciting 
journey.  
I want to leave you with three key takeaways from manufacturing. Number one, the AI opportunity 
for manufacturing is massive, and we are already delivering value at scale. Number two, we have 
the depth and breadth in not only in AI expertise, but the knowledge in product engineering, in 
business process as well as IT to again drive this transformation. And lastly, as you heard in the 
video, we have the capabilities to drive this from AI strategy to scaled execution. Thank you. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Dennis Gada 
Hello, everyone. First of all, I have to say, I really feel at home talking about the impact of AI in 
Financial services to an audience which is largely full of people who come from the financial services 
industry and understand some of the nuances and challenges. What we see in the industry today is 
that financial services is really at the forefront in terms of adopting and scaling with AI. And this is 
different from some of the previous tech shifts, for example, cloud or even digitization, where there 
was a little bit of lag effect or catch-up for the financial services industry. But this is different. 
Financial services firms, whether it is banks, asset and wealth managers, custodians, card providers 
are really leaning in and leading with AI. I think the reason for that is that this is one technology and 
business shift that firms see, which can simultaneously bend the cost curve as well as the growth 
curve and also help in managing risk and compliance, which is, of course, very important in this 
industry. 
So, this has a lot of conviction with the CXOs. As you can see, many of the quotes from the CEOs 
around using AI for augmented intelligence, using AI not just for efficiency, but really driving large-
scale transformation within the bank and looking beyond productivity to growth. So the good news 
for us with all of this is what we see is a significant increase in spend towards AI initiatives. And we 
are well positioned to benefit from that, both in terms of the AI-first services as well as the AI 
augmented services that we talked about.  
But it also does come with some of the constraints and challenges. It is not a technology or a use 
case challenge, but more around regulations, data privacy and most importantly, change 
management and adoption, which is where we see a huge opportunity to continue to expand. In fact, 
one of the CIOs of a large banking organization we spoke to, talked a similar concept to the 
deployment gap that Nandan mentioned. Even if AI technology were to stop evolving today, there is 
still so much to be done for financial services firms to benefit from and leverage what is already there. 
We also see a diffusion of AI use cases across all the sub-verticals. We are working, for example, 
significantly on fraud prevention in the payment space, in the consumer banking space. And already, 
there was a lot of work done on machine learning models in the past, but AI provides a lot more 
capabilities to take it to the next level. Similarly, there is a lot of work on customer experience through 
contact centers, through UI/UX, but also beyond that. For many relationship managers in commercial 
banking or advisers in asset and wealth management or financial analysts like many of you in the 
room today, AI provides much more of data and insights and helps with the productivity, so that these 
relationship managers and advisers can spend more time with their end clients.  
We also think that agentic commerce and payments will take off significantly. It is still at the starting 
point, and that will result in a lot of unlock of new business opportunities for financial services clients. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
All of this is, of course, on the foundation of AI-based software engineering, AI-based process 
orchestration and data transformation that we spoke about earlier today.  
So, I will talk about one of our flagship client examples in financial services, Citizens Bank. It is a top 
15 bank in the US and has grown significantly over the last several years, both organically and 
through acquisitions. And they have just embarked upon a program called ‘Reimagine the Bank’, 
where the main objective is to use the power of AI to significantly grow and expand the services that 
the bank provides as well as drive efficiency. Infosys has been selected as the strategic partner to 
help the bank in this ‘Reimagine the Bank’ initiative. In fact, just a couple of weeks back, we opened 
an AI innovation hub dedicated to support Citizens Bank in this initiative right here in Bangalore. 
And this has been an ongoing journey. We have helped Citizens Bank move 100% to the cloud, one 
of the few financial services institutions in the world that has achieved that. We have already built 
some industry-leading platforms on the cloud. And then with this foundation now, we are helping 
them accelerate the AI journey. Using our Topaz Fabric suite of agents, we are helping them build 
their own Agentic AI and GenAI platform, which will help across the bank to deploy several use 
cases.  
Some of them are already in production. For example, we see a 44% reduction in calls to the contact 
center generated from the mobile app. And more broadly, the bank has talked about a $450 mn cost 
run rate reduction target as part of this ‘Reimagine the Bank’ program. This is not just about cost 
efficiency, but this shows the power of AI to drive structural transformation in a leading bank like 
Citizens. So that is an example of a first-of-its-kind innovation hub right here Bangalore for Citizens 
Bank dedicated to support their ‘Reimagine the Bank’ program. 
Now beyond Citizens, if you look at the financial services industry, as you know, it is the largest 
segment for us at Infosys. And we work with organizations across the spectrum, from the large global 
banks to the regional banks, to card providers, asset and wealth management firms and so on. And 
we are seeing a huge amount of increase in work that we do with them on AI. In fact, 15 of the top 
25 financial services clients have selected us as their strategic partner. We work with all of them, but 
for 15 of them, we are specifically been selected as a strategic partner for AI services. 
If I take a couple of other quick examples, for our top 3 card providers, we have been working with 
them on the modernization journey for their core cards platform. This is 40 million lines of code written 
over the last several decades, and we are using AI to do this modernization. With that, we are seeing 
a 50% reduction in the time taken to do the modernization and significant efficiency benefits. The 
beauty of this is, with the success of this program, this particular client now wants us to do 2, 3 more 
of these modernizations, which were almost impossible to do in the past. So it just shows how much 
velocity this creates based on success of delivery on some of these programs.  

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Similarly, for one of the large global wealth management firms, we are helping them build the Agentic 
AI platform, support a lot of initiatives for the financial advisers to get better data insights, higher 
productivity, so they can focus on their end clients. 
In summary, financial services industry, as all of you know very well, is very complex. There is a lot 
of legacy, there is a lot of regulatory oversight, but has also always faced a bit of a growth and a cost 
challenge. And I think, AI is a catalyst that can really help accelerate some of those mitigations and 
drive the organizations forward. At Infosys, we have deep expertise in the industry vertical. It is our 
largest segment. We have strong capabilities that we talked about earlier today. 
And also, most importantly, we have the depth of the relationships. Many of these organizations, we 
have been working for more than a decade, and that gives us a lot of institutional knowledge and 
context, which we can use to help them on the AI journey. We really see this as a huge opportunity 
to bring the hybrid intelligence, human plus AI, and help these organizations become truly AI-
powered and pivot to a completely new operating model for the future. There is a lot of work to be 
done. We are excited. We are just getting started, and we think we will be super successful. Thank 
you. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Ashiss Kumar Dash 
Hello. Hello and good afternoon. I hope you had a good session in the Living Labs. And you could 
see some of the things in action.  
Now over the next 10 minutes, I am going to talk about an interesting segment called energy, utilities, 
resources and services, and I call this interesting because AI has created a circular economy in 
energy, utilities and resources sector. While these sectors are heavy users and consumers of AI, 
they are also critical enablers of AI. If you look at utilities today, particularly electric utilities, they 
power and decide where the next data center should be and how fast the AI data centers can grow. 
In fact, there are views that electricity is the only limiting factor in growth of AI. So they have a 
massive, role to play. A data point here, the projection for data centers to consume about 10% to 
12% global electricity by 2030 is almost four times the current level. So that is the amount of growth 
that we will see in the electricity sector. Oil and gas have always underwritten the global energy and 
stability of supply of energy. Now with data centers, natural gas and CNG are becoming the transient 
fuel so that we bring more reliability and load balancing to the grid, we can dispatch the load when 
the wind is not blowing and the sun is not shining. Resources, interestingly, are the providers for raw 
materials that AI runs on. So the new metals; copper, lithium, nickel, cobalt, rare earth materials and 
aluminum are very core to scaling AI anywhere in the world.  
Now with that kind of an interdependency, we are seeing circularity in action here. Energy decides 
the physical scalability of AI; utilities decide the reliability and sustainability of AI; Resources decide 
the material availability of AI because of the materials they supply. And services continue to be the 
big consumers of AI when it comes to inferences because of primarily the B2C nature of their 
business. 
What we are seeing in the sectors across these different sectors in the segment is that demand has 
gone up, digital intensity is at an all-time high. There is not only growth, there is also margin 
expansion for these players because of what AI is creating for them. AI is also becoming the 
operating system for many of the industrial implementations, whether it is subsurface computing, 
whether it is digital mining or remote mining, whether it is grid reliability and prediction of the load on 
the grid, AI is sitting right at the heart of it.  
My colleagues, Dinesh and Satish spoke about this earlier. This is an asset heavy and ERP heavy 
industry. So ERP is all over the place. There are a lot of business rules, data, compliance, regulation 
that has been built in the ERP systems over decades. That, in a way, has created this opportunity 
where we can put AI to unlock value from the data and also create an orchestration layer for a better 
human experience. That creates a unique opportunity for SIs like ourselves to go in and look at the 
ERP landscape and see how we can get the best value out of it. Obviously, we are helping clients 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
move their opex savings because of AI to do a lot more discretionary projects, a lot more 
transformational projects that AI has unlocked for them.  
What differentiates us is a triangulation of our deep understanding of the client's context, our 
extremely rich domain consulting skills and engineering AI at an enterprise scale. When we 
triangulate these three, it has put Infosys in a pole position when it comes to AI. And the proof of the 
pudding is we are the AI partners for 15 of our top 25 clients in this segment. We do work across the 
AI framework. 
We have created digital twins for a very large oil and gas major to take asset telemetry and make 
the assets more intelligent, more automated, reduce their downtime. We have worked in AI-grade 
data engineering for a very large electricity provider to predict the load on the grid and ensure they 
invest on the grid where there is congestion to provide electricity to the data centers. These are 
mathematical problems that could not have been solved at a granular level that we are doing today. 
We are working with helping 20 plus of our clients reimagine their business processes-F&A, customer 
service that Salil talked about. This is unlocking new opportunities for us to bring AI at an enterprise 
level and then commit to the outcomes that the client desires for-growth in revenue, reduction of 
costs which is expansion of margins and customer satisfaction and innovation?  
Another example is the agentic AI platform, where we are building enterprise-level agentic AI 
platforms to drive significant change in the way client imagines their workflows and then make the 
agents, more of a co-worker with our clients' employees. We have done 15 plus such 
implementations in this segment.  
Of course, also the full stack modernization of clients' legacy systems, which is a huge opportunity. 
You saw the example of Hertz. We are doing 15 plus different ways and different flavors of bringing 
in AI to modernize assets that have been sitting there for the last 15, 20, 30 years, where clients can 
immediately unlock value. A great example is a very large airline, where we deployed agentic AI to 
modernize their systems to give better customer experience and predict the delivery of baggage to 
the customers on time. 
Let me bring this to life with two examples. This is a mega deal that we signed with BP, a super 
major. The challenge was to enhance enterprise-wide adoption of AI. Here, we are talking about 
massive scale that cuts across all of the value chain elements, starting from production and 
optimization to dynamic pricing in their retail & convenience stores, contract automation for the 
thousands of contracts that they sign, IT operations and corporate functions. We picked 50 plus AI 
and agentic AI initiatives and then brought in our partnerships. The technology stack that we used 
here was on Azure Foundry, OpenAI stack. For the developer productivity, we used GitHub Copilots 
at a very, very large enterprise scale. The outcomes were measurable - 18%-year one improvement 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
in IT operations efficiency, 50% faster contract validation, which is something that we are very proud 
of and 95% payment accuracy. The proof of the pudding is in a statement that the CEO made in their 
Investor Day, which said Infosys and Palantir are their top two partners who are making AI real for 
the entire company, and he calls it super cool. And the other quote is from the ex-CIO.  
Let me give you another example. And this example is about scale. This is an example about 
complexity. This is an example about also not having fragmented but unified implementation of AI. 
This is for the largest oil and gas upstream operator in Australia. Their challenge was to bring in and 
build an enterprise AI platform that cuts across different parts of their organization, starting from their 
production and operations, contracting, procurement, finance, HR and IT Ops. We identified 16 plus 
high-value AI use cases for implementation, and we used Amazon Bedrock as the agentic AI for 
upstream functions and then Azure OpenAI foundry for corporate functions.  
The way we approached this is on four value vectors. The bottom of this, the foundation layer is the 
enterprise-grade platform that we build for them. On top of it, we built agents for intelligence and 
insights to their operations, agents for employee experience improvement, agents for asset 
operations. The results are visible - 20% to 35% efficiency gains in upstream value chain and 15% 
to 20% productivity gains in just improving the employee experience on a day-to-day basis because 
when they deployed this and they picked the corporate functions for agentification, this was one of 
the goals that we picked with them. We are bringing an outcome focused Responsible AI framework 
that is working at scale, at speed. I am very very excited for doing this for so many clients across the 
sector 
Thank you 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Ambeshwar Nath 
Good afternoon. Let me start off by walking you through the market outlook and the role that AI has 
for our clients.  
If you look at the quotes from market leaders in our industry, there is a common trend that is emerging 
- AI is no longer just about pilots. Today AI is embedded deep into our clients' operations that is
helping them improve their revenue, efficiency and driving better customer value.
If you look at the sub-verticals that we operate in, within consumer goods, we are seeing a significant 
impact of AI in multiple business use cases. We are seeing precision revenue growth management 
being one of the key levers, where millions of data points regarding demand, price, promotion, 
channel is ingested near real-time to determine whether value is being created or lost. This is 
creating a potential of an improvement of 3% to 5% in the overall gross profit. There is a significant 
focus of applying AI for hyper-personalized marketing, driving deep individualized consumer 
campaigns as well as driving AI planogramming compliance.  
Within the retail sector, we are seeing evolution of large language models for loyalty programs. As 
of 2026, 70% of all loyalty programs we will engage in will have an AI component in them. We have 
seen the evolution of camera vision in stores to help store operations and we are seeing a strong 
evolution of agentic commerce.  
Within logistics, we are seeing AI evolve in terms of doing demand sensing, route optimization as 
well as leveraging it for waste reduction, that is resulting in benefits of 15% to 30% in terms of overall 
cost reduction.  
So all in all, we are seeing an extensive use of AI for business outcomes and business use cases 
for business relevant problems for our clients. As Infosys, we are uniquely positioned because we 
bring in deep domain expertise, a strong understanding of data, a strong understanding of AI 
technology capabilities and governance to bring it all together to deliver meaningful outcomes.  
Let me talk about two specific examples of how we are bringing some of these business relevant 
capabilities to bear.  
The first one, and I would believe that most of you have seen this in the Living Labs a short time 
back. Ralph Lauren is one of the leading high-end fashion and apparel companies across the world. 
They are also, as of today, one of the fastest growing companies. But one of the uniqueness about 
why they are growing this fast is because they are true innovators. They were one of the first 
companies to evolve into going online for digital sales when e-commerce was just evolving. Today 
they are looking at how they can bring fashion and technology at an intersection to drive more 
meaningful conversations and path to purchase with their consumers. Clearly, one of the key 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
elements they are looking at is how can they replicate the whole concept of stylists which happen in 
stores and how can they bring that same culture online. In store, there are always challenges. You 
do a lot of manual merchandising, there is a lot of interaction with individual consumers. But the 
beauty is, if you do it online, even if there are millions of consumers engaging, each consumer is a 
separate segment in itself. You can do hyper-personalization at scale as if you have got a 
merchandiser working with you to style your exact outfit the way you want it. 
The third element, which is extremely important is to reduce the path to purchase, how do you ensure 
that you are able to connect to real-time inventory so that the actual order can get placed. That is 
also a significantly complex puzzle as part of these engagements.  
As part of what we did, and this was an engagement we did jointly with Ralph Lauren and Microsoft, 
first thing we did was we ingested 50 years of Ralph Lauren archives and lookbooks. So all that 
information was fed in, and then we created a whole natural language processing capability which 
allowed consumers to engage in a manner which is similar to the way you would engage with a 
human being. So you are engaging with an AI capability, but it felt very similar. So if you wanted to 
choose an outfit of the nature you want or you wanted for a specific occasion, it is happening as if 
you are talking in real life. It drove significant hyper-personalization. The path to purchase on an 
online setup was, if you can imagine, you search for an item, then you browse the item, then you 
click it in the shopping cart. It is a long-established process, but this was a seamless process because 
you were connecting to inventory, you could cut the path to purchase to something which is very 
immediate.  
This has resulted into significant benefits, and this is just the start of the journey because this is 
evolving. But today, this has led to a 50% increase in interactions of styling queries that are coming 
in. The overall results of Ralph Lauren showed a 12.2% increase in revenue. A lot of that, a significant 
amount was contributed through their online and digital capabilities. So this is one of our best 
examples in the industry where we are driving hyper-personalization at scale, leveraging the power 
of AI.  
Moving on, I would like to now talk about a second example. We talked about a global high-end 
fashion apparel retailer in my first example. I want to move gears and talk about a regional player 
because that is very important as a lot of our regional players are also leveraging the power of AI.  
Posti is Finland's logistics leader. It is a legacy organization, 400 years old. It has a legacy of over 
40 years. Its primary business many years back was just the postal business, but they have evolved 
over a period of time to get into parcels, into supply chain, into warehousing. So now they are an 
end-to-end logistics player. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
As the postal volumes are declining which is true for the entire industry, they have been focused on 
how can they pivot to the new, how can they move from being a player that has legacy debt to a 
player that can drive new-age capabilities, who can focus on the run-to-growth element and pivot 
themselves into building differentiated capabilities.  
Infosys is an end-to-end partner for them. We are the single partner that is doing entire IT services 
for them. As part of that entire exercise, we have evolved an AI-first operating model, which is really 
across run and transform. So how do we bring in AI in every part of the Infosys set of engagements 
that we work on. Today, we are running with over 20 plus initiatives on AI across their postal 
business, across their parcel business and their freight business. So we are cutting the entire value 
chain and applying AI at all points of the ecosystem. The whole focus is around run-to-growth. So 
how do we reduce the run cost and then push them into growth initiatives that can allow them to be 
a leader within the Nordics market.  
Lastly, they have not gone with one solution. We are the single partner who are driving AI 
orchestration for them. They are working with a variety of AI toolsets, and we are ensuring that we 
are orchestrating it to deliver outcomes. Now what this has resulted in. It has resulted in a 50% 
software generation by AI tools, it has led to a 35% improvement in productivity and the mean time 
to recover considering that they had a large amount of legacy systems, has been improved by 70%. 
So this has created a massive impact.  
I would like to just summarize by highlighting two points. One is the fact that we are seeing AI evolve 
within our client landscape. It is critical, it is a true game changer for our industry. Second, together 
with our clients, we are working on a number of business-enabling capabilities all centered around 
having AI at the center and this is helping us create differentiated value and long-term association 
with our clients 
Thank you. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Anand Swaminathan 
At this time, I think you should have gotten a fair idea about, one, the opportunity in front of us, and 
it is more the execution risk that can hold any IT service company back. It is not the opportunity itself. 
Then if you looked at the AI value framework that Salil unveiled, one of the main components on that 
is the partnership ecosystem. It makes it even more important now that we have a very strong set of 
partners to be able to go to market.  
As the AI evolution was taking place, one of the things we did was to really rethink our partner 
strategy and construct a partner ecosystem that really got us thinking about the future and will help 
us to actually cross the chasm because the AI stack has to be reflected in how we are going to get 
the partnerships done  
Today morning, we announced a big partnership with Anthropic is an example of how we are moving 
this forward. So we need model companies, we need infrastructure companies that actually are 
investing in terms of AI transformation. Similarly, a set of companies around the chips to application 
layer to infrastructure to cybersecurity, to model are all part of the AI stack.  
Normally, people are equating AI to one particular company or one particular category of company. 
It is not. It is a very complex set of components you need to make AI come to life. Enterprises want 
the stack to be governed which is very complex. It is not easy to manage the contracts or manage 
the performance obligations of these companies or to get the business outcomes they want unless 
they have somebody who is going to take ultimate accountability for it. So where we come in is we 
are at the center of this. 
Yes, AI is reshaping the IT services value chain. But we are in the middle of it. We are orchestrating 
outcomes for our clients and managing risks for them, not just emanating from us, but also from the 
ecosystem of partners we have. So all the partnerships that we have been announcing and we have 
announced are a very carefully curated set of partners who will actually make the needle move for 
our clients. 
These are partners that will help us with specific industry workloads rather than generally come with 
one specific set of capabilities. That is what differentiates Infosys as against other companies in 
terms of how we look at these partnerships.  
So if you see the AI value framework, across the framework, already, we have started executing 
some really solid programs in AI that is giving us referenceable templates to actually take it to more 
clients.  
So in the case of the first component, which is the AI strategy and engineering, with a leading 
investment management firm, we help them to actually work with an NVIDIA stack, where their 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
onboarding of investors accelerated by about 30%. This is an investment firm that has more than 
5,000 plus rules, regulations. I do not need to explain that to you this particular group of people as 
you might understand how it works in your world. We were able to bring in NVIDIA as a center point 
on the stack and be able to drive that change.  
In another case with a leading telco, we were able to create a digital sales assistant where 95% of 
their fiber sales was done by the digital set of agents instead of human-powered selling. Now that is 
the power of the partnerships that we have because in order to bring this to life, you need pre-
established relationships, training between companies and contracts so that the friction to market is 
less. We also have that way a mutual understanding of how will we manage together the total risk 
that needs to be spread between us and the partners.  
Similarly, on the data for AI, a lot of examples have already been taken by my colleagues. They all 
talked about many of the examples, including the Polo Ralph Lauren example, which is an amazing 
one. But in addition to that, we have actually delivered a variety of work in terms of actually helping 
the clients to get the data ready for the AI world. That is about moving it into a place where it is easily 
retrievable and is curated and it actually can deliver insights. 
On the process AI, one of the areas where we see most of impact with the AI and the opportunity is 
really bringing AI into our BPM plus IT stack. When Rafee spoke, he announced one of the AI 
products from Infosys is AI Next. So if somebody wants a full platform, they can actually get AI Next 
from us. AI Next, in this particular case, with one of the leading restaurant chain has actually enabled 
them to faster processing of their vendor invoices. Similarly, there was an example you must have 
heard about one of our clients in which AI Next played a very crucial role in accelerating the supply 
chain.  
On the legacy modernization, one other area of this value framework, which is another area where 
we see a huge amount of opportunity. Bali spoke about a few opportunities there. Our partners 
together with us, have created a set of accelerators that are enabling our clients to move from legacy 
architecture to the AI architecture faster. One example is a mainframe modernization program that 
we have done for Hertz. You saw the Hertz customer come and speak. Similarly, we have many 
other examples of where we have really taken this to our clients and getting them the benefits.  
On physical AI, Dinesh spoke about some of the examples on physical AI, which is around how do 
we really bring the AI in terms of the robotics and other physical products and make sure that they 
are actually getting ready for the AI world. Those examples are also building.  
What I would like to sort of sum up is to say that the opportunity is really in front of us. There is no 
question about that. We have the conviction on that. But at the same time, we also acknowledge that 
this requires complex execution across multiple components. One of the key components is the 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
partnership ecosystem. As an organization, we have invested heavily and really brought in a set of 
partners that will help us to transcend this to a position where we can be a leading AI player.  
I would like to conclude this with an announcement we made with Anthropic today. And one of the 
Anthropic execs says the following about us. So can we please roll the video? 
So in summary, we think trust, scale and partnerships are going to be the three pillars in which this 
transformation needs to happen. And we have the trust with the clients and the partners. We have 
the scale, and we have also a fantastic partner ecosystem that will help us to actually carry our clients 
on this transformation journey 
Thank you. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Shaji Mathew 
Good afternoon, everyone. Through the day today, we heard how AI is transforming the industry, 
how it is reshaping the work all of us do. That necessitates a complete transformation in our 
workforce as well. I believe in the saying that it is not the organizations, which has got the best 
technology that will win, but those are the organizations which prepare their workforce to embrace 
that technology that is going to win.  
Our AI transformation strategy is built on three pillars. We have seen today in the map that there are 
AI-first services, there are AI augmented services. So we need to augment everybody in the 
organization with AI. At the same time, we also have to create the deep engineering and domain 
skills, which are required to execute the AI-first services. And this duality is what we call the 
ambidextrous organization.  
So the first pillar is, therefore, a new talent operating model. Once we have this dual architecture, it 
is important to have a career architecture, which can hold this talent. Therefore, the need to create 
a new career model as well. And of course, the most important part, in my mind, is how do we 
develop the talent to have an AI-first mindset. So what we will do now is to double-click on each one 
of this very quickly.  
In an ambidextrous organization, we need to enable all the people in the organization. We also need 
to create the deep engineering and the domain expertise. So here, what we will talk about is how we 
are going to create this deep expertise. That is through channels. One is by external hiring. Recently, 
you would have seen an advertisement where Infosys is now recruiting fresh engineers up to INR21 
lakh salary per annum.  
And that is really towards developing this deep engineering talent. We go to some of the best 
engineering colleges in the country, the IITs and NITs. We have a differentiated assessment to get 
these people in. We are also doubling down on our full stack engineers. We are doubling down on 
getting domain experts from the market.  
But all of us know that this technology is changing at such a rapid pace, and we do not have enough 
AI experts in the market. Therefore, the success of the organization will lie on who are able to develop 
this talent internally. So we have created the bridge programs, and these are real hands-on training 
programs, working on sandbox environments. And once someone has gone to this bridge program, 
we would do the assessment.  
The assessment center of excellence that we have does the assessment on a 5-point scale all the 
way up to AI-led simulations. And we also know that, in a new AI world, the skill is the new currency, 
not necessarily the jobs and the roles. So the CQ, which is our Capability Quotient, which really 
assess the skill of the employee has got four dimensions. It assesses people on technology, it assess 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
people on domain, looks at people on the foundational skills as well as on societal skills. It is a 
comprehensive framework that we have to assess people on their skill.  
And the business incubator series is a new way of identifying the best of the best ideas, AI-focused 
ideas from the company. Last time when we ran this, we had 1,000 ideas and the selected ideas will 
get funding from the organization. They will also get mentorship. And this is a way to develop 
entrepreneurial skill within the organization as well as to develop deep AI engineering talents within 
the organization, which will culminate in certain platforms and systems.  
Now coming to the next part of the pillar, the strategy, the second pillar, which is the career track. 
Once we have an ambidextrous organization, it is important to have a career model, which can 
encapsulate this new organization. Traditionally, we have a unidimensional career architecture. We 
will have people joining us as software engineers at the bottom of the spectrum. They will go through 
the career trajectory and become all the way till the Executive Vice President.  
In the new career model that we are working on now, people actually branch out in this Y architecture. 
The one on the left side are all the people in the company who are enabled on the AI. But on the 
right side are the people who once take the bridge program and when they get assessed and then 
they get moved to the specialist frame. And these are the deep engineering or the domain experts 
that we have, we are creating within the organization. Also on the far right, what you see is the expert-
led organization. This is a flat organization structure that we have. They bring in really deep 
engineering expertise to the organization. They act as the catalyst of the accelerators around which 
the larger specialist ecosystem work around them. And it has got roles like distinguished technology, 
engineers and so on and so forth.  
This career architecture also looks at another angle that is in a human plus AI paradigm, humans will 
do some part of the work, AI agents will do some part of the work. Therefore, there is a need for us 
to look at our job roles to redesign, so that it works in the new human plus AI paradigm. Also, the 
career architecture enablement looks at introducing some of these new roles, which are not existing 
earlier, like the ones that we heard earlier, AI strategists, responsible AI engineers and so on and so 
forth.  
Now coming to the third pillar, which, like I said, is probably the most critical and the most difficult 
one to do. We look at our talent from multiple spectrum. At the bottom that we see, these are the 
consumers of AI. Everybody in the organization are consumers of AI, whether they are from the 
software engineering discipline or they are from HR, from legal, everyone are consumers of AI. And 
therefore, we are enabling everybody in the organization on AI. Today, about 90% of the organization 
is enabled on AI.  

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Then we have a set of people who work on AI models, who are developing the AI agents and so on 
and so forth, these are the AI builders. Obviously, they are trained and developed in a different way. 
They have more deeper expertise. Then at the top of the spectrum are the AI masters. These are 
the people who work with the large language models, who create our own small language models 
and so on and so forth, who set the vision, who sets the direction. And they obviously have quite a 
much-differentiated enablement program.  
Now the forward deployed engineers are the ones who are embedded in the client's organization. 
They are at the intersection of consulting, technology as well as the client context. Now there is a 
much more deeper program to enable them as well as to assess them. The 5-point assessment 
mechanism that I spoke about, which culminates with AI-led simulation and case study-based 
assessment, that complete spectrum is used to assess the forward deployed engineers.  
So this is for the larger cross-section of the company, in fact, pretty much for everybody. But the 
picture is complete when we look at the entry-level folks as well as the senior most leaders in the 
company. Now you must be familiar with the Global Education Center that we have set up in Mysore, 
where all the fresh engineers from the campuses come and get their training done. The complete 
foundation program has been revamped now to enable AI, to make AI-based training program, so 
that every engineer who comes to the doors of Infosys from day one, they all get enabled on AI.  
On the other side, the leaders, it is critical that leaders lead from the front with this entire AI vision 
that we are talking about. As we speak, this week, we have a program that is going on in our Mysore 
campus in collaboration with Harvard Business University, where most of our executive vice 
presidents are going through an AI immersion program.  
We also had a similar program last month for all our senior vice presidents in Mysore campus again, 
and that was in collaboration with MIT. So that kind of completes the entire breadth and length of the 
talent that we have in the organization. And like I said, we have a differentiated program for everyone 
in the organization, and that is how we are preparing for the future.  
So in summary, from an AI transformation perspective, we are doing three things. First, we are 
building deep engineering and domain expertise. Second, we are redesigning our career architecture 
to future-proof the company for the years to come. And third, we are developing a future-ready 
workforce, leveraging the best-in-class training infrastructure that we have, both from a physical 
perspective as well as from a digital perspective.  
So I will summarize by saying that this AI transformation is bringing a lot of challenges in front of all 
of us. But I think we are very confident with the transformation that we are doing within the 
organization, we are ready to embrace this challenge as well as to leverage all the opportunities that 
is lying ahead of us. Thank you. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
Sumit Virmani 
Good afternoon, everyone. I know it is been an intense day of learning. And first of all, thank you for 
really taking the time and spending this entire day with us. Now I am quite pleased to actually talk to 
you about the role of the brand in the larger AI journey that we are on. As most of you know, 
mindshare leads market share. Now that is something we have heard as an adage.  
For many, brand is a nebulous concept. But for this audience in the room, the financial analysts, I 
am sure you realize that a well-managed brand can indeed drive much stronger impact on the 
business, be it on the revenue dimension, the market share dimension or the shareholder value 
dimension.  
And what you are seeing on your slide out there is how brands not just across categories, well-
managed brands drive a revenue and a market share uplift, but even if you look at the data to the 
right, well-managed brands across decades outperform not just the industry, but the market as well. 
So with that as a philosophy with which how we nurture our brand, I want to actually give you an 
example. Just like any other strong brand, we follow a multi-channel, multi-offering, multi-segment 
approach to marketing. But we attempt to do it with a little bit of disruption and a little bit of a twist.  
And what you are seeing out there on the screen is an example of how we think about our strategic 
partnerships. Some of the brands that you are seeing on the screen are possibly one or some of the 
largest brands in the world, but there is a consistency in all of them. They actually play at the 
intersection of passion and executive participation. And for decades, brands have leveraged these 
kinds of partnerships to showcase their reach to the world. But when we think about these platforms, 
we think of them not just as a platform to showcase brand visibility to billions around the world, but 
to also ensure that these platforms are becoming better, more disruptive to their end consumers by 
leveraging Infosys cutting-edge technology.  
That is the magic in the partnership because it becomes a showcase to a billion people in the world 
what Infosys AI can do.  
Well that in itself sounds wonderful. I guess the natural question would be, how has it tangibly 
impacted the brand? So let us take a look at that.  
What you are seeing on your right is a ranking by Brand Finance, a leading brand consultancy firm 
based out of London. They have seen Infosys as the fastest-growing brand in its category around 
the world six years -- for the last six years. To your left is another highlight of Kantar BrandZ Top 100 
brands results and Infosys for several years in a row is now being rated as a Top 100 brand, not just 
in the IT industry, but across categories.  

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited  
How is that larger brand awareness translating into enterprise AI resonance? And what you are 
seeing at the bottom of the screen are some of the initiatives we have undertaken to really drive 
strong association with enterprise AI. To begin with, we were the first in the industry to launch an AI 
services brand called Infosys Topaz. We then went around with multiple channels, whether it is 
enterprise AI conversations or enterprise AI World Tour around the world where just in the last 12 
months alone, 700 of our clients have interacted and understood our approach to enterprise AI. 
We even invested in expanding the Infosys Knowledge Institute to really drive research on where AI 
is headed, whether it is the enterprise AI radar or whether it is AI indexes across different verticals. 
The idea simply is how can we be the engine of knowledge awareness and brand awareness in the 
enterprise AI category. And that is why what you see to your left is how Infosys is being seen from 
an enterprise association platform when it comes to the entire industry. This is the research that we 
undertake quarter-on-quarter because this is a space that is changing quite rapidly. And we would 
like to know how brand Infosys is faring on the Enterprise AI association. And clearly as you can see 
across the last year alone, we are at the top of the stack.  
You saw multiple client stories played out over the last few hours. And that is a metric that we track 
very, very closely because we believe that the biggest proof of our success is our client voice. And 
that is the word of mouth that you are seeing consistently rising. What is to the bottom right is how 
the focused effort on thought leadership is driving media share of volumes around the world. And 
again as you can see year-on-year, we are almost growing that by over 100%.  
And this is not just how Infosys see it inside out, this is also how one of the stakeholders that all of 
you track very, very closely, the industry analysts, they are acknowledging it as well. Whether it is 
across the digital ratings or whether it is across AI ratings, Infosys has consistently been on top when 
it comes to leadership rankings. And I will bring the conversation back to where I started, which is 
how has all that translated into business impact for Infosys. It has not just helped us stay ahead on 
the revenue curve vis-à-vis the market, it is also demonstrated tangible impact on the market share 
gains. 
So the question then in front of us is what is next? And how are we thinking about our brand going 
forward. What we intend doing clearly is to really live the promise of ‘navigate your next’ as our 
clients' transition through another big turn of technology. But to really bring this promise to life is how 
we are going to do it is to unlocking AI value. And that is going to be the endeavour of the brand over 
the foreseeable future. Thank you very much. 

External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 1 
Infosys Limited
Investor AI Day 2026 
February 17, 2026 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
Salil Parekh  
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Chief Financial Officer 
INVESTORS/ANALYSTS 
Ankur Rudra 
JP. Morgan 
Kumar Rakesh 
BNP Paribas 
Aditi Patil  
ICICI Securities 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Kotak Mahindra Asset Management 
Vibhor Singhal 
Nuvama  
Jonathan Lee 
Guggenheim  
Pankaj Murarka 
Renaissance  
Aditya Chandrasekar 
UBS 
Gaurav Rateria 
Morgan Stanley 
Surendra Goyal 
Citigroup 
Kunal Tayal 

 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 2   
Bank of America 
 
Sandeep Shah 
Equirus 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Kotak 
 
Shaan Chugh 
Capital Group 
 
 
 
 

 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 3   
Moderator 
Thank you, Sumit. For our last session, please welcome Salil Parekh, Chief Executive Officer and 
Managing Director and Jayesh Sanghrajka, Chief Financial Officer, to summarize the day, followed 
by question and answers. For Q&A please raise your hand. A mic runner will reach you. Kindly state 
your name and organization before your question. To keep things efficient please keep to one 
concise question. And hand your mic back after asking the question. Salil, over to you. 
Salil Parekh 
Good afternoon. I think the good news is most of you look like you are awake. So hopefully, the day 
has been exciting, interesting and a lot of depth from our side. Let me maybe spend just about a 
minute or so with a summary, and then Jayesh and I can answer questions. I know at lunch we had 
a few discussions and there are a lot of questions on your mind.  
So first, my sense is we have a really comprehensive set of AI offerings. You have seen the Hexagon. 
You have seen that beyond that, we have 30 offerings, 100 sub offerings. And you have seen 
examples across each of the six areas, which give you a view of what is going on with the new 
services, and you have seen all of our augmented services and the impact that is on them.  
Second, the opportunity is huge. I think we started that discussion with what Nandan shared. I gave 
an indication of what we see external analysts quantifying these opportunities as. These are large 
value streams, and as we go through over the next few months and quarters, we will dig into many 
of these individually to share with you what the value looks like, how we are going after it to make it 
more real for all of you as you look at Infosys. 
Third, I think it is quite clear that large enterprise clients trust Infosys. You saw some of the videos 
and you have seen videos of client executives, CEOs, CIOs, COOs, very senior executives really 
mentioning the word trust and looking at Infosys as a strong partner there. We are working with so 
many of our clients across the Hexagon in each of the big areas. So, it is not theoretical anymore. It 
is really practical. It is happening in the field, and we have examples of that. We have examples of 
large delivery teams working on that.  
Then we spent a bit of time on the platform itself, whether you look at what we built with the Topaz 
Fabric capability, what we built with AI Next and the individual agents that we built within that and 
how we can integrate across with different platforms, client platforms, third-party platforms.  
You heard a lot about our talent, deep engineering talent and actually even the culture, which is 
much more of innovation within the company, how can we do something new? We are not a company 
simply of break and fix. We are a company of innovation, and that helps in AI because there are new 
ways of doing things and our engineering culture and mindset is a big advantage for us. 

 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 4   
And then the partnerships, of course, we announced a very large one today, but we have several of 
these. And it is very clear from how the partners are looking at Infosys that it is a joint work activity. 
You heard from one of the videos from one of our partners, the depth of knowledge that we have, 
the depth of talent that we have and the capability that the partner brings, that really makes a 
difference with our clients.  
We have already put in place a very good go-to-market, which is really take everything we have on 
the Hexagon, the 30, the 100 and start to meet all of our large clients to see where AI can start 
working with them for them and make an impact.  
And then we have an incredible brand that is working well. It is growing very fast, and you can see 
the elevation of the sorts of relationships that Infosys has in part because of the strong brand that 
we have built, and we will continue to build.  
So that in a sort of brief way is the summary. And with that, let me request Jayesh to join me here, 
and then we can go through with the Q&A here. 
Ankur Rudra 
So, the first question is, you highlighted in the morning that the net new opportunity from AI will be 
$300 bn to $400 bn. Could you also elaborate what do you think is the incremental opportunity is 
$300 bn to $400 bn on new services. Could you elaborate what would be the potential for the net 
opportunity adjusting for the compression that you might see in many of these services? A lot of 
examples through the day highlighted that everything can be done faster, fewer resources or from 
months to weeks. What does that mean from a compression perspective? And what are we looking 
at on a net basis? 
Salil Parekh 
So, what you are saying is we have talked about the growth expansion and what is the net number. 
So there, what we have shared in the morning is really on the six areas, what we see as the 
expansion from what we have seen externally, the $300 bn to $400 bn quantification from a couple 
of sources. On the compression, we have talked about, again, what we understand to be where the 
compression is coming from, whether it is on application development, whether it is on infrastructure. 
We have not quantified that number for any external use at this stage. We have said that the 
expansion number from what we see today looks larger than the compression number. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Hi. Thank you for hosting us and taking us through in detail through your verticals and service wise 
capabilities. What I have understood is that you spoke about one of the key advantages Infosys has 

 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 5   
is strong understanding of clients' data estate and the context of the client. Now that would be 
something which many of your peers would also claim to be having.  
The second part is the partner ecosystem, which you are developing and building strong 
relationships. Again, that is something which here or there, put together your competitors also would 
potentially say that they have. So what exactly in terms of delta or incremental capability that you 
see that Infosys has that helps you to have a better right to win when going for enterprise 
implementation of AI tools? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, the focus in addition to the points you mentioned is one on the platform and Topaz Fabric 
capability that we build, where we built our own agents and we can integrate other agents. The other 
is the way we have identified clearly what the six areas of growth look like and how we are executing 
on that, working with our clients to make sure that we are positioned in that by reskilling our people, 
by building investments in those capabilities and making sure that each client, we are building that 
capability to grow into those areas. That is where the real difference, the execution is where the real 
difference will come. 
Aditi Patel 
Has our pipeline to TCV conversion timelines improved, because now leveraging AI, we are able to 
build prototypes or working models much faster and clients are able to view the ROIs much faster? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, if you look at the large deals that we have signed in the last few years and last few quarters, we 
have not really seen the timeline of those large deals shrinking at this point in time. We have seen 
the deal timelines remaining similar based on what we have signed till now. Of course, the future is 
yet to be seen as we sign. But at this point in time, we have  majorly, we have not seen the deal 
timeline shrinking significantly. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Hi, Salil. Yes, thanks for the insightful presentation. So recently, one of your competitors had made 
a comment that many ERP migration programs are seeing a significant compression in time from 
years earlier to weeks. So do you see that practically happening? Or you think it is probably a corner 
use case in a specific context and that might not be extrapolatable to the entire ERP implementations 
or migrations as such? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 

 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 6   
On ERP migration, we have not seen that, that specific point is valid. So what is valid is what I think 
some of our leaders talked about, which is when you look at modernization, which is not only an ERP 
migration, but it is an overall modernization approach from old legacy landscape to a more current 
landscape. There, we see that the speed or the timeline is much more compressed. And of course, 
the cost is much more reduced. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Yes, hi, Salil. Just in response to the first question that you answered that we are kind of quantifying 
the compression factor. If I were to take a look at it, let us say, direction-wise, let us and compare 
this to the earlier digital cycle. There also, we saw an initial compression in the IMS and some parts 
of our business. And then, of course, the new opportunity took place. So we generally see a 
compression, then that followed by the opportunity that comes in. 
In terms of relative comparison, where are we in the cycle at this point of time? Have we seen the 
peak cannibalization of revenues? Do you think we can further go down? Or do you think from here, 
we are more closer to the inflection point where the net revenue from GenAI becomes positive? So 
in the entire adoption cycle of this technology, where would you place us at this point of time? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, if you step back a little bit, there are usually multiple dynamics that are at play. Typically, if 
there is nothing else changing, the macro is one important factor for Infosys for IT services revenue 
growth. And then there is a change of technology, which is going on, which is another factor. So 
what we see today is that in many ways, for us, the macro is improving. If you look at what we see 
in the large markets we are operating in, for example, in the U.S., we see overall with the changes 
in regulations with tax reduction and maybe an impact on interest rates, we see some move on the 
macro.  
On the tech cycle, it is difficult to say where we are because each of the six areas are different in the 
way that will play out. So for example, some of the things on process can go very fast. For example, 
in customer service today, there is a huge move. And there, we will be going after areas that we are 
not today currently in our revenue base. So this is all incremental for us. But we have the technology, 
we have the partnership, we have the capability. 
In some of the other areas like modernization, we have a lot of good technology. It is something that 
will again be incremental now. Some of the others, maybe as the timeline flows out, we will see how 
they play out. Data is happening very much more quickly at this stage. In terms of the compression, 
those are things that, as we mentioned throughout the day, we see that visible, but it is not something 
which is large and it is not something that is insignificant. But we do not see an acceleration of that 
either at this stage. 

 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 7   
So my sense is if you look at our current business situation, next year, we definitely see in Financial 
Services a strong growth, we see in Energy and Utilities, a strong growth compared to this year. So 
we are already seeing signs of visibility. It is a function of AI leverage, meaning more AI being used. 
It is a function of macro and it is a function of the compression. So these are a little bit more 
intertwined than would otherwise be. 
Moderator 
I would request to give your name and the name of your organization since we are webcasting this 
session. 
Jonathan Lee 
Hi. This is Jonathan Lee from Guggenheim. Thanks for hosting us today. A lot to be excited about 
here around the AI opportunity. Can you help us understand the level of investment necessary there 
to reskill and hire laterally to meet the opportunity in hand? And how should we think about the impact 
to margins there ex potential currency benefit? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, I will start off, Jayesh may have some things to add. One of the things we have been very 
clear about is we want to make sure we invest in this AI capability build-out, AI Topaz Fabric and 
platform and other tools that we have built to invest in scaling that up, scaling up the go-to-market 
and scaling up what we need to do in terms of training. 
We have also put in place some years ago, a very strong program to support our margin and make 
sure our cost is more and more efficient. So, our view for the period in the future is we will maintain 
our margin guidance, and we will take all of that, that we save, which is quite substantial from our 
margin program and invest that into scaling up AI even faster. So we are ready with that from the 
operating, from the income statement point of view.  
From the balance sheet, we are also ready to make as required, appropriate acquisitions, which will 
fit our overall value framework, which is what we have done in the past. With that sort of a mindset, 
we will continue using the balance sheet as well. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. Just to add to what Salil was saying, if you look at this year, 9 months into the year, we have 
been able to maintain our margins stable. That was on the back of FY '25 where we expanded our 
margins by 50 basis points. All of this is after absorbing all the investments that we saw through the 
day today, whether it was partnerships, whether it was tech investments, whether it was training 
investments, the sales and marketing investments that you see in our P&L already which has 

 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 8   
impacted, you know, 50 basis points. So we have absorbed all of that and delivered on our margins 
and maintained the margins stability. As Salil said, our endeavour is to ensure that, you know, all the 
investments come out of our margin guidance. 
Pankaj Murarka 
Hi. This is Pankaj Murarka from Renaissance. Salil, I have two questions. One, when you called out 
that we have 5.5% revenues coming from AI and in the context of, you know, that is still I think a 
small number, while we have seen a lot of use cases today, but in the context of, you know, the 
Fortune 2000 clients, I still think there are few and even the deal sizes seem to be small. So my 
assessment is that probably average deal size is about $4 mn to $5 mn or something like that. So 
how far are we where we start seeing $50 mn, $100 mn deals and where the adoption really becomes 
accelerated?. 
Salil Parekh 
So there, I think one of the reasons, what we shared today in terms of AI is to give a real depth on 
what we are doing on AI. Now as you rightly pointed out, we shared the number of 5.5%. We still 
have a lot of other work that we do within Infosys, which is making up the other parts of the business. 
What we see in this AI activity is it is going across many things in the areas that we described and 
becoming part of almost every discussion.  
And so our sense is it will now continue to grow. We will see how that growth is but starting at that 
sort of a level, there is a long runway because essentially over the next several years there will be a 
shift. If you sort of look back a few years, we started to call out our digital numbers when they were 
around 25% or 20%, something like that, and we had a shift over 3, 4, 5 years where it became 65% 
to 70%. 
And so that is the sort of a play that you have. We do not know if this is going to go in that sort of a 
range in 18 months or will it take 7 years, but we are well on our way with what we have created to 
start to play it as our clients are absorbing it. And even if it goes faster, we are ready, even if it goes 
at that pace, we are ready. 
Pankaj Murarka 
Sure. One of the most important things that we learned during the discussion today is the context. 
So in the context of, you know, what you laid out, the new opportunities of $300-odd bn over the next 
5-6 years, for a long-term stakeholder or an investor in Infosys, how should one think, what are the 
three or four things that will change from a financial matrices perspective probably 5 years out as we 
navigate this journey from where we are today? 

 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 9   
Salil Parekh 
From the financial metrics? 
Pankaj Murarka 
Yes. That is right. From where Infosys is today, as we navigate this journey, let us say over a period 
of five years, you know, if you could put that in context? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, if you look at, you know, every tech cycle, and this is no different from a cycle perspective, of 
course the metrics can be different. But the way we have always articulated it is, if you are riding the 
tech wave and ahead of the curve, it should reflect into better growth, better RPP and therefore better 
margins. We said that in the digital era, we are saying the same thing today. If you look at our RPP 
for last 2 years, we have delivered, you know, superior RPP. Our RPP has grown 3% both FY '25 
and FY '26. If you look at margins, it is showing resilience. We grew margins by 50 basis points last 
year. We are stable margins this year despite all the investments that we talked about. So I think that 
is exactly what is going to boil down to, if you are looking at, you know, any tech cycle in my mind, 
from a services perspective. 
Aditya Chandrasekar 
Hi. This is Aditya from UBS. Just a couple of questions. So you guys have spoken a lot about Topaz 
and it is good to see, I think it is moved beyond, you know, those pilot use cases to more enterprise-
wide use cases. But if you could also touch a little bit on how we should think about the pricing 
models there? Because for example, in the walkthroughs we learned that some of the projects that 
needed huge team sizes have now, you know, been compressed to just use of the platform and 
maybe a very lean team. 
How should we think about how the pricing is evolving in or pricing model rather is evolving in those 
kind of projects and any rough or, you know, a framework at least to think about margins as well in 
those kind of projects? That is the first question. 
And secondly on headcount, I think you have given a plan on how you will be reskilling talent and 
hiring more specialized talent etc. But as of today you do have a wide kind of a fresher or bottom of 
the pyramid talent. How should we think about the utilization of that workforce now because 
incrementally we will be getting into more and more projects where we will have leaner team sizes 
and maybe just more specialized workforce rather than the kind of fresher coders, to put it 
simplistically? These are the two questions. Thank you. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 

 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 10   
So, I will start with pricing. So if you look at the pricing models today, the models are evolving, right? 
You have various examples of outcome-based pricing, you have examples of pricing which is 
combination of outcome-based pricing plus an agent pricing or a platform pricing. But I do not think 
there is going to be one model that is going to apply to every client. It will depend on the client 
context, what does the client want and how well we are able to justify the value that we are creating 
for the client. 
So it is always going to be the combination like it is always been in the past, you know, we did not 
have just one model. There were various models that worked and depending on the client's context 
you close on the pricing model and I think that is how it is going to remain on that. 
Salil Parekh 
On the utilization and the specialized talent, I think, we will see more and more of that happening, 
but equally we will also see, and I think, somewhere in the day we did mentioned that, there will be 
recruitment with college hires, with freshers and making sure that they learn without the tools and 
with the tools as they can develop their own experience, and know when it is appropriate to use 
tools, when it is appropriate and how to assess code that is generated by the model. 
So those skills will still remain quite important and in that context, even if we have more specialized 
talent, utilization as a metric will still remain pretty important, that will be a driver in a different way 
there are, depending on the specialized talent and the scale and size, there are different levels of 
utilization but it will still remain an important metric. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes, and if I can just add to what Salil was saying, if you look at even in the digital cycle, when we 
started the cycle with 25% digital, we are now at, you know, pretty much 65% plus of our revenue 
coming from digital, we retrained our employee base from what were digital at that point in time, 
which was representing only 25% of our revenue, to more than two-thirds of our revenue today. So 
we have a strong training culture, and that is what we have always dipped into, to retrain and 
repurpose our employees. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Hi. Gaurav from Morgan Stanley. Nandan made a comment in his presentation about build versus 
buy. Do you think the lines between software and services are now getting blurred, and what does it 
mean from addressable market perspective for service providers? 

 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 11   
And second is a question related to the evolution of pricing model that you talked about. If it creates 
room for non-linearity, what is the headroom that you get from investment point of view to accelerate 
your journey in AI? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
On the first one, I think my understanding of that is essentially it expands massively the amount of 
work that we can do, if we can look at some of those. And I think there it will probably be some of 
the things on the edge, maybe not the core sort of systems of record and so on. But you could 
imagine some of the things on the edge which could be more easily built, as Nandan was saying, in 
the build as opposed to the buy. And then if that is readily doable, and it is effective for the client, 
then there will be multiple, it is not going to be one thing for every client. And so there is going to be 
different builds for different clients which my sense is will be a larger opportunity for Infosys. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. On the pricing you are right, if you are able to have a larger part of revenue enabled through 
platform or agents, it will create to that extent a non-linearity. At this point in time, as I said earlier, 
these are early days, right? So everybody is testing new models, but to that extent yes it will create 
a little bit of a non-linearity. 
Surendra Goyal 
Yes hi. Surendra from Citi. So through the day across the presentations we heard a lot about value 
generation, savings, productivity. So my question is, is there a way for Infosys to capture that value 
better? And does AI kind of result in any change to that, either for good or for worse or it really does 
not matter? Because one of the key issues has been that like over the years we have seen a lot of 
presentations across the industry, talking about millions and hundreds of millions of dollars of value, 
but again it seems like a most of that goes back to the customer. So any way to kind of capture the 
value better? Thanks. 
Salil Parekh 
I think there, there was some discussion in some of the client examples on outcome based. Now if 
we managed to do some of those with some sharing, we might see some of the benefits of it. Today, 
if you -- in one of the earlier charts, we sort of showed the model is moving faster than the reality at 
the enterprise. So what tends to happen is the enterprise people at a more discussion level are 
expecting the model type of benefit in the pricing or the cost and we are not able to make that happen. 
So today it is not more equitable, but in the future when it becomes more aligned, the model and 
what is in the enterprise, then you could see that part of it could be there. And if some of the outcome-

 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 12   
based works you could imagine that, some more comes. However it is not visible today, so it is not 
something that we are looking for example in the coming year, but it is something which is in our 
mind as Jayesh was saying there is still early days, we will see how the pricing approach will develop. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Again if I can just add to what Salil was saying, there are also indirect ways to capture the benefit. 
Like again through the presentation you would have seen, multiple sectors, 15 out of the top 25 
clients, we are the AI strategic partner. Now that only comes in, when you have created significant 
value for the client. You saw in Anand’s presentation that, large part of the Telcos we are large 
players. That only comes again when you have created significant value for the client and you 
become the strategic partners for the client. So those are the other benefits of creating that value for 
the client, it is not just that everything gets passed on to the client, you also get a lion’s share of the 
clients landscape. 
Kunal Tayal 
Kunal from Bank of America. Given all your investments into small language models as well as 
proprietary solutions, I was wondering if there is a bigger opportunity that you foresee in either of 
mid-market customers or then emerging market kind of customer base? Mid-market because, I 
wonder if there can be larger turnkey programs that can come your way and emerging markets 
because if it is not going to be a labour-intensive model, can the profitability of these projects now 
meet thresholds better than earlier? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, first the small language model, I think for us, is a very good indication of the depth we have, 
and it is very useful on a limited data set in a large client already today. So we are seeing some 
benefit of that whether it is more for alignment or more even for code development. You heard I think, 
in one of the sessions the discussion on our own model for code development into that. We have not 
looked right now at the mid-market because the cost of sales is very different. So we have to figure 
out if that will work in that market. 
And emerging markets, we have not looked beyond, I mean, I would not call them emerging markets, 
and there are growth markets that we have looked at. For example, we think, markets in the Middle 
East are very strong. But it is not like an emerging market but it is a growth market, where we will 
look for some of these models but right now the adoption, it also depends on the adoption in that 
environment, in that geography, before we can go and adoption in the mid-market as a client base 
also. 
Sandeep Shah 

 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 13   
Yes. Once the enterprise clients enter the post AI adoption where most of the application modernize, 
data layer has been created, cloud migration has happened. In that phase the investor worries the 
terminal growth rates could be much lower because of the applications, data could have been 
modernized. 
Salil Parekh 
So there, I think in terms of what happens in the post-AI world, of course that seems a little bit far 
away today but what we think is, I was with one of the people who was building the foundation model 
a couple of weeks ago, and they gave a good sort of example. They said that the amount of software 
demand that is there for writing software is becoming 100x in terms of the size. So even if you go 
into the post-AI world, there is productivity impact, we still see a huge amount even if you assume a 
10x productivity benefit to a developer of what is available in terms of what is to be developed, what 
is to be built. 
So the post-AI world in my mind is not a static world where everything is done, it is a world where 
there are large enterprises starting to use agents in many areas, having very strong platforms, using 
for example Topaz Fabric as a capability but also building new functions, new features, managing 
things. It is much like what we have today where there are new things happening even on platforms, 
older platforms, which let us call it are somewhat stable today in terms of they are implemented. 
But there is always new work that people are looking for. But that is the nature of the economic 
growth where there is always new features, functions that tech is driving and more tech across the 
enterprise which can give you different areas to work on. So my sense is in the post-AI, of course 
the transition is very exciting with all the work we will do, but there is even more work, because there 
will be more and more things that will be going on in that post-AI era. 
Moderator 
We have time for just the last two questions. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Hey hi. It is Kawaljeet from Kotak. Thanks a lot for the presentation which was quite insightful, Salil 
and Jayesh. I have a few specific questions. The first question is that for AI agents that you are 
deploying in a client environment, are those homegrown or are those of frontier model companies? 
Salil Parekh 
So on agents there are multiple people who are building agents. So first we are building agents. 
Second, some of the foundation model people are building they are a little bit more broad-based. 
Then there are third-party companies that are also building agents. And then of course the public 

 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 14   
cloud players are building agents of their own, and other third-party agents that they are providing. 
So there will be a host of those agents from which some selections will be done. And of course clients 
are also building agents. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Right. And Salil, for agents of third party, let us say what is the services intensity? So for example, 
let us say a dollar is spent on a third-party model, and you basically customize it and configure it for 
the client environment, then what is the services revenue that you get versus a dollar which is 
captured by let us say a frontier model company or an external third-party agent provider? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, we do not have very deep exact stats on that that we can share. What we see is different, 
because if you look at a software development lifecycle part of it as you know is the cost of building 
the software. So, in this case the agent, but there is a significant part beyond that which is integrating 
it into the environment, making sure that it is working in that environment and the performance 
attributes and then the security attributes. 
So we have got some examples of what we have done as we shared today in these situations, but 
we do not have a statistic that we can share that one equals X because of the ratio. As we go through 
the next few quarters, we will definitely internally build up a larger data set on that, and then we will 
see, if that becomes something that we can share publicly here. 
Shaan Chugh 
Hey Salil and Jayesh. Thanks for organizing today. This is Shaan from Capital Group. I guess just a 
quick one, you know, for the last many quarters our sort of net headcount has been pretty flattish as 
we have muddled through sort of the macro challenges and so on. I mean with the AI services picking 
up, are you internally gearing up for sort of net headcount to start ticking up again? 
I know we are hiring sort of a lot of freshers and we also have that counterbalance with some internal 
efficiencies and of course just natural attrition. So when you factor all of that in on a net basis, is that 
something you are gearing up for this year or should we expect that to still take some time given the 
AI-centric efficiencies that you are factoring in? 
Salil Parekh 
For the year, we have added ~13,000 net headcount for the first three quarters. My sense is, we will 
continue to add headcount as we go through. And it sort of comes back a little bit to an earlier 
discussion, we were having, which is there is a macro element and there is an AI element. And we 
will see, my sense is the macro will potentially be better, and of course we have a very good sense 

 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 15   
of the AI opportunity set. So when you put both of those together, if in the last three quarters we have 
done ~13,000 net headcount increase, my sense is we will continue with the headcount increase in 
the coming quarters as well. 
Moderator 
Thank you. That brings us to the end of the Q&A. Thank you Salil and Jayesh. Thank you everyone. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks. Thank you everyone. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you, 
