 
B-38, GHCL House, Institutional Area, Sector- 1, Naida, (U.P.) - 201301, India. Ph.: +91-120-2535335, 4939900, Fax: +91-120-
2535209 CIN: L24100GJ1983PLC006513, E-mail: ghclinfo@ghcl.co.in, Website: www.ghcl.co.in 
Regd. Office: GHCL House, Opp. Punjabi Hall, Near Navrangpura Bus Stand, Navrangpura, Ahmedabad, Gujarat - 380009, India 
February 3, 2026                                                                      फाãगुन– कृçण प¢, ɮͪ वतीया   
                                                                                                     ͪ वĐम सàवत २०८२ 
 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Code: GHCL
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, Rotunda Building,  P.J. 
Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Code: 500171
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Filing of Transcript regarding Investors’ conference held on January 29, 2026 
 
In continuation to our earlier communication dated January 23, 2026 and January 29, 2026 
regarding Investors’ conference on January 29, 2026 and pursuant to requirement of Regulation 
30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are 
pleased to attach copy of the transcript regarding said Investors’ conference held with the 
management on January 29, 2026  for your reference and record. 
 
Please note that copy of this intimation is also available on the website of BSE Limited 
(www.bseindia.com/corporates), 
National 
Stock 
Exchange 
of 
India 
Limited 
(www.nseindia.com/corporates) and website of the Company (www.ghcl.co.in ). 
 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours truly  
 
For GHCL Limited 
 
 
 
 
Bhuwneshwar Mishra  
Vice President - Sustainability & Company Secretary  
(Membership No.: FCS 5330) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BHUWNESH
WAR PRASAD 
MISHRA
Digitally signed by 
BHUWNESHWAR 
PRASAD MISHRA 
Date: 2026.02.03 
12:12:53 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“GHCL Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. R. S. JALAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. RAMAN CHOPRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, FINANCE 
MR. MANU JAIN – SR. GENERAL MANAGER, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND FINANCE 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MEET VORA – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to GHCL Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Meet Vora from Emkay Global Financial Services 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Meet Vora: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on GHCL's Q3 FY '26 Results 
Conference Call. 
I would like to welcome the Management and thank them for giving us this opportunity to host 
them. We have with us today Mr. R. S. Jalan - Managing Director; Mr. Raman Chopra - CFO 
and Executive Director of Finance; Mr. Manu Jain – Sr. General Manager, Investor Relations 
and Finance. 
Before we begin this call, I would like to point out that some statements made in this call may 
be forward looking and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the Earnings Presentation 
shared with you earlier. 
I shall now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
R. S. Jalan: 
Thank you, Meet. Good afternoon, everyone. A very warm welcome to GHCL's Q3 FY26 
Earnings Call. I hope you had a chance to look at our results as well as the Investor Presentation 
uploaded earlier. 
Let me start with the industry landscape, the global environment remains dynamic and 
challenging. However, the domestic story continues to be resilient. We are seeing the healthy 
demand growth for Soda Ash in India, hovering around 5%. This is a positive sign for the long 
term. On the supply side, the market continues to be oversupplied. We have witnessed a steady 
influx of imports. For the first time in nine months of this fiscal year, import volume has 
noticeably increased by 10% compared to the same period of last year. This high level of import 
continues to put pressure on market realization. While this creates a challenging competitive 
landscape, our focus remains on what is within our control. We are focusing on enhancing our 
operational efficiencies and cost leadership to navigate these headwinds. 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Coming to our performance this quarter, I am pleased to share that we have successfully 
completed our planned maintenance shutdown during Q3 FY26. While this shutdown resulted 
in some loss of production volume, we managed the inventory and supply chain effectively. As 
a result, our top-line for the quarter was not impacted. This demonstrates the strength of our 
customers' relationships and our planning capabilities. We remain committed to creating value 
for our shareholders. I am happy to report that we successfully completed our shareholders' 
buyback program of Rs. 300 crores. This reflects our strong cash generation ability and our 
confidence in the company's future. 
Moving to our growth initiative, we are in the final stage of our expansion projects, Bromine 
and Vacuum Salt. Both projects are in the last leg of completion. We expect commissioning to 
happen towards the end of the current quarter, i.e., Q4 FY '26. These projects will diversify our 
business and provide new growth avenues. Greenfield Soda Ash project's progress has been 
slower than expectation. This project is a significant strategic investment and part of our long-
term goals. 
In summary, while external factors like import present challenges, GHCL stands on a strong 
foundation that is backed by strong cash flow through volatile industry scenarios and our 
emphasis on driving operational efficiency. Bromine and Vacuum Salt represents a change in 
product mix and diversification. With safety, sustainability and operational excellence as key 
drivers, we are in the position to deliver to our shareholders and all stakeholders. I would like to 
thank all our shareholders and our investors for their continued trust in GHCL. 
I will now hand over the call to Raman to walk through the financial highlights. Thank you. 
Raman Chopra: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening, everyone and a very warm welcome to our Earning Call for the 
3rd Quarter and 9 months ended 31st December 2025. 
Our performance remains steady. This is a result of our focus on operational excellence and 
efficient manufacturing. We achieved this despite the challenge in pricing environment in the 
industry. 
I will now walk through the key financial highlights. Revenue for the quarter came in at Rs. 773 
crore compared to Rs. 807 crores in the corresponding quarter of last year and increased from 
Rs. 739 crores in Q2 of the current year. This reflects the tough global market condition resulting 
in cheaper imports into India which has adversely impacted our realization.  
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 175 crores compared to Rs. 259 crores in Q3 of last year 
and Rs. 175 crores in Q2 of this year. We reported EBITDA margin of 22.7% in the current 
quarter. On a Q-on-Q basis, EBITDA margin declined by 100 bps mainly due to fall in 
realization. Our ability to protect profitability even in this environment is a direct result of our 
deep-rooted philosophy of cost control and operating efficiency.  

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
PAT from continuing operations stood at Rs. 107 crore compared to Rs. 168 crore in the 
corresponding quarter of last year and a similar profit in Q2 of this year. 
During the quarter, we have undertaken the plant maintenance shutdown which led to temporary 
reduction in production. Despite the shutdown and subdued domestic realization, we maintained 
steady quarter-on-quarter performance driven by strong operational efficiency and effective cost 
management. For nine months period, 31st December 2025, we generated Rs. 443 crores in cash 
profit after tax. Out of this, we spent almost Rs. 226 crores on CAPEX and Rs. 29 crore on 
repayment of loan while working capital was released by Rs. 109 crores. During the quarter, we 
have successfully completed Rs. 300 crores buyback. This is in addition to Rs. 115 crores 
dividend payments made during the financial year. In total, we have rewarded our shareholders 
by distributing Rs. 415 crores during the 9-month period of this financial year, which is 116% 
of PAT for the nine months period. 
In a period of external volatility, this move reflects the strength of our balance sheet and our 
commitment to consistently rewarding the shareholders. We have net cash surplus of Rs. 890 
crore as at the end of nine month period FY '26. This financial agility supports our strategic 
CAPEX execution and provides significant growth headroom. 
With this, I conclude my comments and now request the moderator to open the forum for 
question and answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Aditya Khetan from Smith Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions. Sir, recently we know that anti-
dumping duty on Soda Ash has not been imposed. Coupled with this, we are witnessing 10 lakh 
tons import of Soda Ash consistently. How do you see the growth story of the company panning 
out in this headwinds? And considering the near-term expansions of Bromine and Salt, is this 
enough to diversify the company from near Soda Ash into these smaller businesses? How do 
you see the story panning out for the next 2-3 years in brief, sir? 
R. S. Jalan: 
Aditya, very valid question, first and foremost. First and foremost, yes, you are right that anti-
dumping duty has not been confirmed by the Ministry of Finance. But the positive side of this 
entire Soda Ash business is that the growth story in India itself is, like I mentioned to you, growth 
story has been very significant. Just to give you a number, next year what looks like is that the 
way the green energy initiatives are being taken, this will kind of enhance the demand 
perspective of the Indian Soda Ash. Last year, means the current year looks to be around 5% and 
this number could be better than this 5% in the next year. So demand definitely takes care of 
some of the import which is happening along with some of the additional capacity which has 
been built into the domestic industries. 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
The second part, yes, at this point of time, there is a headwind as I mentioned in my opening 
remark as well because of the global demand supply situation. But a couple of things which are 
spanning out and we don't know how this will shape up in the coming forward, like the rupee 
devaluation versus the Chinese Yuan appreciation versus dollar. This is a kind of, I would say 
this is a positive sign. Second, the Chinese government's philosophy of evolution which they 
have introduced and probably many of the chemical and some of our consumer like what you 
call, solar panels, those kind of people, there will be kind of a competitive advantage to them 
will also happen. The third, I would say at this point of time, the way the cost structure which 
we are seeing globally, I see that these kind of numbers looks to be kind of pretty on the bottom 
of the pyramid. So hopefully in the next 2-3 years, demand growth coupled with the economic 
recovery of some of the economy, we see kind of a good situation should happen to this industry. 
And last but not the least, so far the GHCL is concerned, as I mentioned, in spite of such a high 
reduction in the selling price, we have been able to significantly operate our plant and efficiently 
operate the plant and we have been able to mitigate to a large extent our margin erosion because 
of the cost advantage which we have done in the operational efficiencies. And this is going to 
be permanent in our benefit. Once the recovery starts happening, this will have an advantage, 
both the advantages will have to us. 
In terms of your second related question, diversification of Bromine and what you call, Vacuum 
Salt, see this is a strategic move and I just wanted to highlight, we started thinking about this 4-
5 years back and on the continuous possibility of explaining and getting a new technology, we 
have been able to navigate this into the diversification first time in the GHCL. And this is a kind 
of, I would say, is an add-on advantage because both these projects are more of a part of the 
GHCL because Salt, what we are doing is we are using the waste energy and this will 
significantly help us to kind of improve our bottom-line. Of course, the number will be smaller, 
but these are the kind of strategic moves. Same way, Bromine, from the existing salt capacity 
what we have, we have been able to build this Bromine project and this again will have an 
advantage of kind of a margin and broadly my understanding is both these businesses, of course 
the top-line will not be very significantly higher, however, the margin percentage are going to 
be higher and this definitely will add on to our bottom-line, it will help us to improve our bottom-
line. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it. Thank you for that explanation. Sir, you had mentioned in your opening remarks that this 
quarter there was a shutdown. So ideally, sir, like prices are similar to last quarter or I think they 
are slightly lower only, coupled with lower volumes, so ideally top-line should decline on 
quarter-on-quarter basis. It seems to be like on a higher side, 5% up. Is there any like something 
which is missing here? 
R. S. Jalan: 
No, Aditya, I will just explain you. Though my production is down, but my revenue is higher 
because my volume sell to the customer has been higher. 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it. So selling volumes have been higher, which is why your top-line has moved up? 
R. S. Jalan: 
Right. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, when we look at the financial in this quarter, sir, the cost of raw materials seems a good, a 
steep jump, roughly on quarter-on-quarter and Y-o-Y basis, some 20% jump we are witnessing. 
But on the hillside, the top-line has only grown by roughly 4%, 2%. So is there any some 
component of inventory losses or like we have not been able to pass on the prices of RM? 
R. S. Jalan: 
No, I don't know, Aditya, which number you are talking about. If you can give me a specific 
where you are talking about? 
Aditya Khetan: 
The cost of raw materials? 
R. S. Jalan: 
The cost of raw materials, Aditya we will always have a kind of a component of the inventory 
adjustment also. Like inventory adjustment, I am talking about finished goods inventory 
adjustment. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, what is the inventory losses figure? 
R. S. Jalan: 
No, there is no inventory losses. I said inventory adjustment. See, cost of raw materials 
represents the production which we have done during this quarter, right. And the inventory 
adjustment happens on the finished goods. So you have to look at the totality of both these things 
put together. And if you have any specific detailed question on this, we can always answer you 
on the offline. But rest assured, there is no such kind of inventory losses into this system. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it. Sir, in your presentation, you mentioned Phase-2 Bromine of 10,000 tons. Like earlier, 
sir, it was some 12,000 tons capacity expansion. There is some change in that? 
R. S. Jalan: 
Bromine, Aditya, there are two components. One component is the existing Salt Field what we 
have. There we have added or we have created a capacity of 2,800. In the new project which we 
have got, the government land, which is far off from here, there once we commission, there will 
be another 10,000-12,000 tons of the additional volume will come in. That will take a few years. 
Then only that will get added. On an immediate basis, it is only 2,800 tons. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, just one last question. Considering this Bromine and new Salt Field, at peak utilization, how 
much of EBITDA diversification we can take place from these newer businesses? 
R. S. Jalan: 
See, newer businesses, as I said, Aditya, if you look at the current, these two businesses, Vacuum 
Salt and the Bromine, the numbers of the top-lines are not very significant. Though margins are 
significantly higher, but the top-line is not very significant. So the diversification from the 
revenue perspective is not going to be significantly higher. 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it. Thank you, sir. I will join back in the queue. 
R. S. Jalan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Yes. Thank you for taking my question, sir. Sir, just I missed out on listening to that ADD thing. 
So ROE now completely in the phase like this ADD is now rolled out completely or still there 
is a scope that after some time maybe ministry will consider? 
R. S. Jalan: 
See, Rohit, so far as our understanding is concerned, the government, the Finance Ministry has 
to approve that within 90 days. That 90 days has already passed. They don't communicate 
whether they approved or they have rejected. But since the 90 days has been passed and as per 
the customary, we need to assume that they are not in favor of approving it. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Got it. Sir, secondly, on the solar side, we have been quite positive on the solar industry in terms 
of demand for the Soda Ash. So how much improvement basically we have seen in last maybe 
3-4 quarters or 5 quarters since we have been focusing? And from 5 or 6 quarters back, what 
was the kind of volume which we are going for the solar side? And now at what percent? I know 
it would be very small, but still, have we seen a decent improvement? 
R. S. Jalan: 
See, Rohit, I will just tell you my understanding. See, at this point of time, there are all the 
projects which are getting commissioned or are in the process of getting commissioned. 
Currently, at this point of time, the demand per month is around 11,000 tons. And in next one 
year, by March 27, that will go to 28,000 tons. That means almost around, you can say, 17,000 
tons of the extra demand. And these are all projects which are final, which are under 
implementation. So 17,000 means we are talking about something around 2,40,000 or something 
of that number will these extra demand happen. Of course, it will happen on every quarter, the 
increment will happen. But peak of the demand in March 27 will be 28,000 tons per month. So 
that is a very significant demand. So what is your question of in the last few quarters, you 
remember that a couple of quarters back, there was a kind of a duty and there was a kind of the 
exemption on the duty of the solar panel and solar glass import into India. That has been removed 
a few quarters back, only 2 quarters back, if my memory is correct. And after that, all these new 
projects have started getting commissioned. But still I would say that this 11,000 tons, I don't 
have a specific number, but probably maybe this was around 5,000-7,000 tons maybe a few 
quarters back. Now, it is around 10,000-11,000 tons. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Got it. And lastly on this Bromine project, from next quarter onwards, what sort of revenue 
contribution we would be expecting? And my point is that we are seeing Bromine prices quite 
increasing in the recent time. So have we started any interaction with the customers or how this 
thing will be translated into the revenue? 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
R. S. Jalan: 
So Rohit, first and foremost, let me say that this Bromine project will get commissioned by end 
of March 26. The benefit of this project will be in the next quarter, first quarter of next year. The 
total capacity what we have is around 2,800 tons. However, that will take some time to kind of 
stabilize. Quality needs to be established because that first time we are going for the Bromine 
project, we need to establish the quality also and things like that. Once everything gets settled 
down, then probably the number will be coming. Like I said, revenue will not be very significant. 
You have the number and you know the market price based on that you can always easily kind 
of look at that number. But it all depends on how this ramp up happens and how the quality gets 
established. But we are positive that in 26-27, a good amount of bottom-line addition should 
happen from the Vacuum Salt as well as from the Bromine. 
Rohit Sinha: 
That is it from my side, sir. Thank you. 
R. S. Jalan: 
Thank you, Rohit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jainam Ghelani from Svan Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Since we had a shutdown in the previous quarter, what was 
the volumes lost because of that? 
R. S. Jalan: 
Approximately around 20,000 tons. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
And how much of our inventory did we liquidate during the quarter? 
R. S. Jalan: 
See, the sales have been higher than the production and to that extent, the inventory has been 
liquidated. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
That is precisely because if we look at the overall realization, the realization for the Soda Ash 
has been on the declining trend in this quarter also. But when you compare our revenue, our 
revenue has seen a marginal improvement or a flat on a sequential basis. So is that the inventory 
liquidation is to the tune of 10%-20% odd or how shall one look at the scenario at this point of 
time? Or what sort of inventory are we holding right now on Soda Ash front? 
R. S. Jalan: 
In terms of, like I said, production is down by 20,000 tons. Sales has not been impacted. Sales 
is better than the last quarter as well. And therefore, the inventory reduction has been there. 
Specific number, the quantitative number, we don't have at this point of time. And yes, you are 
right, the sales price has been dropped during this quarter as compared to the last quarter as well. 
But because of, like I said, operational efficiencies and the higher sales, we have been able to 
maintain the topline as well as the bottom-line. 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Sir, when we say that there is a significant improvement in the operational efficiency which has 
resulted into a better performance on the EBITDA level or the flat performance, so what sorts 
of levers do we have now to further improvise on the efficiencies or we have capitalized almost 
all the cost levers that we had in the last quarter? 
R. S. Jalan: 
See, I would just like to highlight here that this is a culture for a period of time in the GHCL 
where we never say that all levers have been exhausted. You know that when you become better 
then it becomes harder for the further betterment but that journey continues. If I remember 
correctly last year ‘24-25 versus ‘23-24, we have highlighted that we have almost saved around 
Rs. 140 crores by the operational efficiency. Same way, the continual journey of this year also 
continues and at this point of time, I don't have a number that how much operational efficiency 
we have been able to build, but this journey will continue. How much that amount will be? 
Sometimes it can be higher, sometimes it can be lower, but proudly I would say that we have 
been able to implement all the cost reduction project or the optimization over a period of last 
many years and this journey will continue in the future as well. And many opportunities are 
there, let me tell you, there are many opportunities, in the raw material consumption, on the 
power consumption or on the steam consumption or the efficiency improvement. Many such 
opportunities are there and it will continue. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Sure, sir. And now when we look assuming that the price of the Soda Ash remained at its current 
level, next 2 years we will see a marginal growth coming from the Bromine and the Vacuum 
which is the small project at this point of time. So once we scale up, definitely it will take time, 
but there is a significant delay that is happening on our Greenfield on our regulatory approvals. 
So can you highlight where and at what area which is getting stuck in terms of the approvals and 
when can we see improvement on that level? 
R. S. Jalan: 
See, like very nicely you highlighted the point, any project, when the Greenfield project when 
you go, the major hurdle comes in the land. And currently at this point of the time, our major 
hurdle is on the land side only. We have got environmental clearances, we have got all other 
approvals, the land acquisition and the land uses change. There are some technical hurdles are 
there and that we are trying to sort out. How much time it will take? It is very difficult at this 
point of time because ourselves, we don't know how much time it will take. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 361 Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question is on the ADD front. So are we planning to reapply 
for the ADD and allied question to that, till December we had the minimum import price 
restriction. So has it continued from January or has it lapsed? Thank you. 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
R. S. Jalan: 
See Rohit, first and foremost from the industry side, all efforts are there to look at some kind of 
a protection from the government either in the form of ADD or in the form of other protection. 
Many other opportunities are there and we are working on that. So as far as the MIP is concerned 
this has got expired in 31st December because at that time the expectation of the anti-dumping 
duty was alive, but we have reapplied and the things are under consideration of the government. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure, that is helpful. Next question is on the broader industry perspective, so we have seen 
generally that Asia is a market where Soda Ash demand and consumption has been growing. 
Just what is your perspective given that you track all the markets? Is there any structural 
stagnation or decline in Europe and US which are the developed countries and because of which 
at least for the short term, there will not be any material improvement as far as pricing is 
concerned given that whatever volumes will be lost from these geographies, the incremental 
supplies will be able to take care of demand from the growing geographies, like say, Asia? Thank 
you. 
R. S. Jalan: 
See, Rohit, let me give you slightly broader understanding of mine. See there are two things 
which has happened and you know that China is the leader in terms of the out of the total capacity 
I think almost around 50% each in China itself. The two developments which has happened in 
the last 2 years, first and foremost is the new additional, what you call natural Soda Ash 
commissioned, almost around 10-11 million tons of the new addition has been done. At the time, 
the demand in China was booming because of the solar and the lithium iron and like I said last 
year it was around 14% demand growth. However, in 25, the demand growth in the solar as well 
as the real estate has been on the slower side and 25, the demand has been de-grown by around 
1% or 2%. So there is a demand supply mismatch in China which has led to the oversupply. The 
second part, because of the geopolitical situation even the Europe demand has not been, right 
now I would say they are not growing even in the last few quarters, it has not gone down as well. 
US is slightly improving, demand of the US, however, because of China, because of Europe 
there is a surplus situation. So as far as India is concerned as I mentioned in the opening remark 
also that Indian demand has been significantly better. So if you look at in terms of the demand 
side, I don't see in this part of the world, Asian part of the world, there is any concern. The 
moment this slightly balance happens between this demand supply and slightly recovery in the 
Chinese demand happens, the things will be looking better. 
Moderator: 
Sir, the line for the participant seems to be disconnected. Shall we move on to the next 
participant? 
R. S. Jalan: 
Please do that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Darshita from DSP Asset Managers. Please 
go ahead. 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Darshita: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, could you help us out with the sales volume growth for the 
quarter? 
R. S. Jalan: 
Darshita, I have already given the number in terms of the revenue and we don't generally talk 
about the volumes. 
Darshita: 
Could you just give at least a number as to how much of the volume growth? You said it was 
positive for the quarter. It is okay, we don't give out the volume number as such, but if you could 
just help us out with the percentage growth? 
R. S. Jalan: 
Volume growth is roughly around 5%-6% or plus 5% higher as compared to the same quarter of 
last year. 5%-7% kind of a number will be there. 
Darshita: 
Got it. Yes, that is all. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Darshan Deora from Indvest Group. Please 
go ahead. Darshan, your line has been unmuted. Please go ahead with your question. 
Darshan Deora: 
Yes. Sorry. So a couple of questions. The imports that we have been witnessing in India, which 
countries are they primarily coming from? 
R. S. Jalan: 
Darshan, primarily, the volumes historically has been coming from Turkey, US, Iran and Russia. 
Now, in this quarter, some volume has started coming in from China as well. 
Darshan Deora: 
And in China, the natural Soda Ash capacity which is coming up in Mongolia, how much has 
been commissioned so far? 
R. S. Jalan: 
It has been completely, the 10 million, 100% has been commissioned. 
Darshan Deora: 
10 million. Is there any more capacity expected to come up in that same region? 
R. S. Jalan: 
They are talking about a million ton new capacity which is likely to come in 1 or 2 years in the 
same location. And maybe they are looking at one more opportunity in the other location, but 
that will take some 3-4 years of time. I just wanted to highlight one thing here, which is very 
important kind of highlight. Even at the slower demand in the globe, even if the demand grows 
by 2%, we require at least 2 million tons of the new additional capacity to fulfil the demand 
supply. And therefore the new capacity has to come in to kind of balance the demand supply. 
Darshan Deora: 
Yes, I think you have mentioned earlier also on past calls, and that is totally taken note of. In 
China, there is this involution campaign which is happening. So in a lot of sectors, including the 
solar supply chain, the government is trying to cut out excess capacity because unnecessarily 
margins are getting compressed, return on investment is getting compressed. Anything like that 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
happening in the Soda Ash industry also, in terms of the Synthetic capacities or the less efficient 
older capacities getting shut down? Anything you have been hearing? 
R. S. Jalan: 
I think 100% this is likely to happen as per our understanding because all this, like you very 
rightly said, is evolution process, there are many plants in China which are less efficient. They 
are also impacting the environment where also the Chinese governments are very concerned 
about it and this is likely to happen. When it will happen we don't know, but definitely it is going 
to happen. Second, as you rightly said, this evolution will also help. At this point of time, we are 
reasonably confident that the people are not making money and this government focus will be 
there on that to make sure that all those uneconomical plants get shut down. The third is this 
evolution will also help our consuming industry like solar in India to have an opportunity of 
expanding their capacity. All these put together will definitely help us as a producer. 
Darshan Deora: 
You mentioned important points and just in terms of pricing we are probably at the bottom of 
the cycle because at these prices manufacturing may become uneconomical in several countries. 
Do you see, generally speaking, apart from China in Europe or in other parts of the world, any 
capacity shutting down because of the pricing that is prevailing today? 
R. S. Jalan: 
Yes, I think in Europe, a couple of plants have been closed in the 25 and if the situation continues 
this way, probably the more acceleration of this should happen. 
Darshan Deora: 
Any figure you can put on, what would be the capacity of the plants to shut down? 
R. S. Jalan: 
I will just give you one number. I think in UK there was one plant which was 400,000 closed in 
January 25 and in EU Poland there was around 600,000 plants which were closed in July 25. 
Darshan Deora: 
Got it. And just in terms of countries that are potentially partnering with India in terms of trade 
obviously there is EU, but luckily Iran and Turkey are not part of EU or neither Russia. But say, 
the US were to do any sort of treaty with India, is any chance of material getting exported from 
US to India, Soda Ash or is it just logistically too far? 
R. S. Jalan: 
See, from US, in any case the products are getting shipped to India historically last couple of 
years. However, if you look at in terms of the cost competitiveness, they will be making money 
only when they supply to the markets which are closer to them like South America, so from that 
perspective. If they have a surplus quantity, obviously they have to sell somewhere and India 
will become a kind of a market for them. I don't think because of the treaty there was some kind 
of a change should happen in the supply situation. Like you very rightly said from the factory or 
from the location where they produce the Soda Ash to India, the cost of supply chain is very 
high. It is almost around if my understanding is correct, roughly around $120 which takes care 
of the plant to the port and port to the South East Asian market including India. 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Darshan Deora: 
Got it. And last question just in terms of the Greenfield. You did express that there are challenges 
in land acquisition. How does this delay the process of commencement, what was our original 
timeline versus what would be the right timeline for the Greenfield expansion for Phase-1? 
R. S. Jalan: 
You are 100% right actually what we originally thought of that has not happened and that is not 
likely to happen as per the original timeline. The moment we get all these clearances, it will take 
around 2-1/2 to 3 years of time to complete. And honestly at this point of time, I am not very 
clear when the approval will take place. But still what we believe is that by 2030, we will be in 
a position to commission both the leg if the situation demands. That means the Phase-1 and 
Phase-2. Maybe at that time depending upon the demand supply situation, we can take a call, 
should we go for Phase-1 or should we go for both the phase together. But we are still reasonably 
confident that by 2030, we will be able to complete both these projects, because both these 
projects even if I take together also, it will take around 3 years of time. 
Darshan Deora: 
Thank you so much and good luck for Q4. 
R. S. Jalan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Arthur from ICICI Prudential Mutual Funds. Please 
go ahead. 
Arthur: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Like you mentioned, of course, China Natural is one where 
expansion is likely to happen over the next few years, any other geographies like US where you 
are hearing that capacities likely to come on the natural side? That is number one and secondly, 
after this consolidation of Genesis-WE Soda in US, any change in trade flow or dynamics you 
are witnessing in that work? 
R. S. Jalan: 
See, very valid question, first and foremost, yes, US has announced in the past that they will be 
adding another 5 million tons. But recently, they have announced that they will not do this till 
2030 when the situation improves, so obviously the project will get delayed. And in terms of 
this consolidation which has happened, I personally believed that it will not have any impact to 
the Indian market because overall their economic kind of a situation will make them to sell to 
the remunerative market which are more of a what you call South East Asia or probably the 
Europe as well as the South American market. But yes, this volume which is coming at this point 
of a time is still the demand situation improves in the Europe or in the South American market, 
probably this import to India will continue. 
Arthur: 
Sure. And just one last question on the Chinese material which has started to come, like based 
on your best assumption, you think the material coming from Chinese through this, maybe I am 
assuming it comes from the synthetic plants, would we be making cash losses by selling in India 
or you think there will be breakeven of making money when they sell to India? 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
R. S. Jalan: 
Our understanding is again this number cannot be verified. They are making not only on the 
supply which they are making it to India, they are making losses even into the supply to the other 
parts of the world, South East Asia and other market as well. Because in the Synthetic side, the 
costs cannot be matched with the current prices what they have. 
Arthur: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ansh Khimavat from Capital One. Please 
go ahead. 
Ansh Khimavat: 
Sir, my question is regarding the Bromine capacity. Sir, earlier you had guided that we would 
be doing margins around 40% which would be much better than what the competition is going, 
is it mainly because of the backward integration or is there any technological progress also to it? 
I just want to understand how we will be calculating that 40%? 
R. S. Jalan: 
So basically, Ansh, this new Bromine project which we have added is added into the Salt field 
which we are already operating and therefore for us, the cost will be only some power cost and 
some operating cost. Because the water flow whatever we are taking from the sea will pass 
through the Bromine project and that water will get used for the Salt production. So the Salt 
production continues. Only we are taking out the Bromine out of that water and that will help us 
to kind of not having any cost relating to the other cost. And therefore, our margin will be better 
on this trajectory. 
Ansh Khimavat: 
What kind of derivatives will we be targeting here for the Bromine project? 
R. S. Jalan: 
At this point of time, we are not talking about the derivatives because we have a small capacity. 
And this plant which I am talking about is only selling the Bromine for pure. But yes, we are 
exploring the possibility of, in the future, how can we go to the derivative side. But still we have 
not finalized any plan on that. 
Ansh Khimavat: 
And you had mentioned in your presentation that we would be targeting a 10,000 ton in the 
Phase-2. So any color as to when will that phase start? 
R. S. Jalan: 
No, Ansh, we have got the land by the government. And some formality needs to be completed 
in that. But that will take at least 4 years from now. Kind of when the Bromine new project will 
start getting a production out of that. Because we have to develop the Salt Field there. And after 
the Salt Fields are developed, along with that we have to put the Bromine project. And that will 
take 3-4 years of time. 
Ansh Khimavat: 
So is it a fair assumption to make that we will be selling Bromine to the conventional players in 
India only today? Or would we be targeting elsewhere soon? 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
R. S. Jalan: 
Mostly at this point of time, our target is only the domestic market. Because the volumes are not 
very significant. 
Ansh Khimavat: 
Alright. Thank you for taking my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Saurabh Jain from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Most of my questions have been answered. Just some data points. 
What could be the decline in Soda Ash prices in this quarter? And what would be your 
confidence or expectations around stabilization of Soda Ash prices at these levels? Question 
number one. 
R. S. Jalan: 
Yes. So basically, as I said, at this point of time, the price in this quarter will be slightly lower 
than the average of last 9 months. However, in terms of the confidence, it is very difficult to say 
whether this price will stay on this level or not. But like I said, the way we are seeing the global 
cost structure and things like that, we see that reasonably that, okay, in the next few quarters, 
this number should be kind of a rock bottom. But whether some drop will happen from there or 
not, at this point of time, very difficult to say on a realistic basis. 
Saurabh Jain: 
And how much was the decline in the 3rd Quarter? 
R. S. Jalan: 
3rd Quarter, the decline was approximately around 3%. 
Saurabh Jain: 
3%. Thanks. Secondly, when you talk about the imports coming from China, what could be 
China's overall share in Indian imports? And what price are they selling their product into the 
country? 
R. S. Jalan: 
First and foremost, China has a large capacity. And the volume which is coming is insignificant. 
Even the percentage, I can't tell you whether it is a 0.01% or 0.02% kind of a number. But the 
numbers are very small at this point of time. Number two, in terms of the pricing, it is a very 
dynamic pricing. And depending upon the consumer, depending upon the volume, they are 
negotiating the price. But in any case, whatever price we are selling, I think they are closer to 
the competition only. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Sure. That is all I wanted to understand. Thank you so much and all the best. 
R. S. Jalan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Namaskar, Jalanji. Namaskar, Raman saab. Thank you for the opportunity. 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
R. S. Jalan: 
Thank you, Saket. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly, on the CAPEX front, I think so. Raman Saab, you mentioned about 200 some odd 
crores total spent for 9 months. Can you provide the break-up for the same? Where has the 
CAPEX been spent? 
R. S. Jalan: 
See, Saket, primarily this expenditure has been done only on the two projects. One is the 
Bromine well as the Vacuum Salt. Yes, of course, some of the capital is also spent on the regular 
plant, which is our existing plant. And this is kind of a regular project which we do every year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, since you have just articulated on the fact that we might be delaying or rather 2030 is 
the long-stop date for commissioning, what would be the program from us on spending on the 
Greenfield project for the coming next year? And I think that we also outlined Rs. 50 crores 
CAPEX for a new office. Where are we, sir, in terms of that? How much have we spent and 
when will we be doing the needful? 
R. S. Jalan: 
See, Saket, in terms of the Greenfield, as I mentioned to you, the zero date we don't know right 
now. And therefore, it is very difficult to say that what will be the expenditure next year. Once 
the zero date starts, then only we will be able to plan what will be the CAPEX requirement for 
one year or immediate one year. In terms of the office in Ahmedabad, most of the payment has 
already been made. And I think the handover of that office should happen in another 6 months' 
time. And once that happens, then probably we will move our office from Ahmedabad from the 
current location to the new location. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, we have also seen that there is capacity addition from the other players domestically. So 
taking that into foray and the duty benefits not being implemented, how do you see the domestic 
market behaving? And since we have taken the shutdown and now we are upstream, what has 
been our utilization levels for the 9 months? 
R. S. Jalan: 
See, Saket, in terms of the utilization, barring this annual shutdown, our utilization has always 
been 95% plus, number one. Number two, in terms of the new capacity coming in and the 
demand supply, there are three factors which need to be taken into account. One is the Indian 
demand growth is good. Second is import. Import has increased. And therefore, the demand 
supply situation, rebalancing is happening. Hopefully, in 2026-2027, probably there will be 
better scenarios to emerge. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And lastly, sir, there was one corrigendum notification also from the Director of the Trade and 
the one which has recommended the anti-dumping duty on 4th November wherein they have 
highlighted about some error in mentioning the amount per dollar duty that was envisaged from 
the import from Turkey, Russia, USA, and Iran. That is dated 4th November. So does the 
reference date of the notification of implementation and therefore the expiry of the same also 
change or 29th September is the date that should be as a zero date? 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
R. S. Jalan: 
No, 29th September remains as a zero date. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. Thank you, sir, and thank you for interacting and all the best to the team. Thank you. 
R. S. Jalan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next follow-up question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from Smith 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Yes, thank you, sir, for the follow-up. Sir, on to the demand certainty, any sort of a number or 
any sort of a clue you have got like, so demand is at the bottom and you have repeatedly 
mentioned that prices have also started to bottom out. Is it backed by some assumptions 
considering even China has started now exporting to the global markets and India is not 
importing much, but there could be a thing wherein China starts to import much in India. So 
what is the assumption behind we have taken that prices have bottomed out? 
R. S. Jalan: 
See, Aditya, there are two things. First, your question was on the demand side. See, as I said, 
normal demand in the Indian typical industry like your detergents and the chemicals and the 
normal glass, flat glass, they are on a range of around 4%-5%. Add on to that is the solar glass, 
which I just explained that there is a robust demand likely to happen because of the new capacity 
getting in. Our assumption is the next year, the demand growth should be around 6%, 5.5%-6% 
should happen. And this will create the additional demand of something around 2.5 lakh to 3 
lakh tons. In terms of our assumptions of the prices bottom out, as I mentioned in my other lot 
of questions, the way the cost structure which we are seeing globally, either in the natural Soda 
Ash or in terms of your Synthetic Soda Ash, either in China or other part of the world. Second, 
this evolution of Chinese because China is more than 50% of the capacity. The way that China 
is evolving their strategy of profitable growth or profitable business, I think these are the 
assumptions which we are assuming that should be giving us a kind of that assessment. However, 
as I mentioned in my earlier call, it is an assumption, we don't know how the situation will come 
out. And this is all we have to wait and watch. But in the longer term, surely, I am reasonably 
confident, maybe one or two quarters can be situation could be slightly more worse than what it 
is today. But in the longer term, economics will play. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, my second question is, I think in the month of January, this month only, China has 
announced that they would be abolishing the export rates for the PV photovoltaic glass. Sir, is 
there any assumption like will this create a short-term run in prices of Soda Ash? Because when 
I calculated, there could be an incremental demand of 1-2 lakh ton in China. But you think like 
this could be a material booster or it could be only a near-term support to the prices and 
thereafter, post-April 26, again, the prices could start to bottom out, start to go down? 
R. S. Jalan: 
I don't know, Aditya. I will be very difficult to kind of assess on that. Like I said, my 
understanding is evolution. Because ultimately, this evolution is the main thing which China is 

 
GHCL Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
following. And this would definitely have a medium-term kind of a benefit to the entire 
industries and more particularly to chemical industries. And as per my understanding, chemical 
pricing of the many parts of the globe, even including China, has gone up. How that will sustain? 
Very difficult at this point of time to kind of comment on that. 
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, just a similar question. Suppose, sir, if India also started to reduce the export rebates 
which we are giving on photovoltaic glass, you think like in the longer term, this could be a 
bigger problem for the Soda Ash industry? As we would not be able to export much photovoltaic 
glass and consequently, higher production of Soda Ash would keep higher inventories in the 
pipeline. So is this a bigger risk which we can foresee in the longer term? 
R. S. Jalan: 
At least not from my understanding, first and foremost. I don't think there is a kind of a very 
significant export incentive which has been given to that. But we need to check that. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it, sir. 
R. S. Jalan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to management for closing comments. 
R. S. Jalan: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone for participating and asking the questions. As I have been 
always saying, as a management, our responsibility is to make sure that we deliver the best result 
in the current environment or any environment and we make the business more sustainable, more 
cost efficient and more sustainable. And this journey we have been doing and we will continue 
to do that. We will definitely capitalize when the market recovery takes place and we will have 
that big advantage out of that. Thank you for your support and your confidence on the 
management and we will continue to deliver on your confidence. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
