onoc 
ftcb—r
Ret qus cs
MANGALORE REFINERY AND PETROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
umireltue 
MRPL 
aqtt n 
at-dIfu 
TkcpI WI dE.II-I SCHEDULE 'A' GOVT. OF INDIA ENTERPRISE 
(ailtI714us 4gici 
f cniv-) -a-r 16 
1"f 't-10 I cich $1441. A SUBSIDIARY OF OIL AND NATURAL GAS CORPORATION LIMITED) 
afT .Tff.ail. 9001, 14001 1 50001 TITITitff *TA AN ISO 9001, 14001 AND 50001 CERTIFIED COMPANY 
Ritairt7/ CIN : L19200KA1988GOI008959 , Website : www.mrpl.co in 
23/01/2026 
The Assistant General Manager, 
Listing Compliance, BSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 500109, 
ISIN: INE103A01014 
Scrip Code (Debenture): 959162, 959250, 
973692 
The Compliance & Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Symbol: MRPL, Series: EQ, 
ISIN: INE103A01014 
Debt Security: INE103A08019, INE103A08035, 
INE103A08050 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: 
Transcript of Conference Call held with Analysts and Investors to discuss 
the Un-Audited Financial Results for the Quarter and Nine Months ended 
December 31, 2025. 
[Ref: Intimation letter dated 13/01/2026] 
Pursuant to provisions of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we submit herewith the transcript of the Conference Call 
on Uri-Audited Financial Results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025, 
held on January 19, 2026. 
Further, we wish to inform that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/ discussed 
in the con-call. 
The above information is available on the Company's website www.mrpl.co.in. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thank you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited 
Premachandra Rao G 
Company Secretary 
End: A/a 
E-mail: investor@mrpl.co.in 
1:104V Wtireq: T17
1-41 •(<, Tzir cOlciNKTII TiTrqw - 575 030 (1-IRV) 
Tel: 0824-2270400 
PREMACHANDR
A RAO GURPUR
Digitally signed by 
PREMACHANDRA RAO GURPUR 
Date: 2026.01.23 16:15:04 +05'30'

Orr 
Transcript of MRPL Concall held on 
19th January 2026: 
Participants 
MRPL : 
Mr. Devendra Kumar, Director Finance & 
CFO & Team 
PL Capital : 
Mr Swarnendu Bhushan 
Swarnendu Bhushan: On behalf of PL Capital, we would like to welcome all the 
participants to this Quarter 3 results conference call of MRPL. From the management, 
Page 1 of 18 

onac 
ea swim 
m RPL 
we have Devendra Kumar sir, who is the Director of Finance, and we have Subhas 
Pai sir, who is Head Finance and we also have Avin Gupta, who looks after investor 
relations. So, I would request the management to give a brief overview of the results, 
post to which we can open the floor for Q&A, sir. Over to you, sir. 
Devendra Kumar: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the third quarter concall to 
discuss the financial performance of the company. As you are aware of the numbers 
published last week, MRPL posted a significant jump in year-on-year,, as well as 
quarter-on-quarter performance this quarter. 
The EBITDA earned by the company was Rs.2,824 crores versus Rs.1,064 crore for 
the last year Quarter Q3. Healthy market prices, optimum energy consumption and 
throughput led to published bottom-line numbers. MRPL posted MBN of 67. MBN is 
a measure for energy efficiency for its capacity and its complexity. So this was the 
best number posted in any quarter. 
The fuel and loss stood at 10.06%for the quarter which is also one of the best in any 
of the quarters. Further, current debt stands at Rs. 9,290 crores and debt equity 
stands at 0.63. If the market remains good, and which we sincerely hope will, we 
should be able to reduce the same further during the next quarter. 
Further, for the sake of repetition, based on several queries we get off and on, MRPL 
is now well past its summer water blues due to desalination plant. MRPL is also a 
unique refinery in India with 3 separate crude trains that gives us operational and 
maintenance flexibility with slightly higher fuel and loss. The said higher fuel and loss 
will also be taken care within the next fiscal year with grid power project, which will 
bring it under 10, closer to 9.5, but it will be somewhere between 9.5 and 10. 
We are also the first Indian refinery that is establishing a Bio-ATF plant at a cost of 
Rs. 364 crores. The plant will help us to get in compliance with CORSIA Norms. 
CORSIA Norms is for Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International 
Aviation Fuel. And we'll be able to supply blended ATF across the globe, starting from 
2027. 2027 is that 1% blended ATF. 
We have consistently won the prestigious Innovation Award at the Energy 
Technology Meet last visit to Hyderabad, four years in a row, including the current 
year. Efforts of our innovation team will start to show from next year when the IBB 
pilot plant gets running. IBB is for Isobutyl Benzene, it is a base for pharmaceutical. 
On Retail Outlets front, we are delighted to announce that we have achieved 200 
mark, and should be able to complete around 250 Outlets within this fiscal year itself. 
For the upcoming quarter the refinery is focused on maintaining its operational 
performance and we expect the market to continue to support us and we should be 
Page 2 of 18 

onoc 
Ik 
ltr7 
ITIRPL 
able to post a reasonably healthy Q4 25-26 also. Now we are open to questions and 
clarifications from our investors and analysts. Please. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Yeah, Daval, you can go ahead and introduce yourself and 
ask your question. 
Dhaval Popat: Yeah, hi, thank you for giving the opportunity. I understand that MRPL 
exports Diesel to Europe and there is 18th sanctions package that comes into effect 
on January 21. So, can you help me understand what is the situation in terms of 
sourcing of crude that MRPL has now, as well as going forward, and whether this will 
impact MRPL's earnings by any chance, or will it not be able to export to Europe, or 
how is that? 
Devendra Kumar: We are in strict compliance with all sanctions in place and 
currently there are no Russian crude which is being imported and we will continue to 
comply with any of these international sanctions regime or government guidelines. 
So in near future we do not expect anything to stop our export of finished products. 
Dhaval Popat: Okay, this is really helpful and second question I had was in terms of 
I do understand you have access to VLCC but in the terms of freight rates is the 
company doing anything to minimize this? And a third question I have is on fuel and 
loss. So you said it is going to be lower in terms of power grid. But is there anything 
else that company is doing for energy integration as well? So one of course on the 
freight rates how is company managing that? And second on energy integration. Any 
other programs being run by the firm? 
Devendra Kumar: First question first, freight rates. We did see a spike in freight rates 
earlier in Q3. But the freight rates have gradually come down to the normal levels. 
They're still higher than the averages but it has come down significantly from its peak. 
So freight rates are not a deal-breaker in any of our imports. The point number two 
regarding energy integration. See the location plays a very crucial part. Based on the 
availability of the kind of energy mix, we will continue to explore further. Currently, 
some of our energy is being based on the grid availability is being considered. It is 
already online and next year this particular project should get completed. That will 
bring down the F&L well below 10. Right now, I do not want to put a number to it. But 
we are targeting somewhere between 9.5 and 10 and we'll continue to keep improving 
because grid availability is something which is slightly or majorly beyond our control 
although we continue to have interaction with the policymakers and other places in 
the region. 
Dhaval Popat: Yeah, that is helpful. Thank you. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Mayank, you can introduce yourself and go ahead with your 
question. 
Page 3 of 18 

oncc 
CAP, 
E2R3Tlinll 
mRPL 
Mayank M: Thanks, Hi, Mayank here from Morgan Stanley. A couple of questions 
from my end. First was in terms of you talked about the crude sourcing changes. Can 
you just tell us the impact on margins you have had because of these crude changes? 
Because you're not disclosing refining margins anymore? So if you can just give us 
an idea of what's the impact on the GRMs that you have kind of seeing? 
And second in terms of costs that you were talking about on grid power etc can you 
just tell us is there a way you can also lower your costs on the gas sources side and 
how much has been the impact on that, if there is any. 
And the third question related to was there has been a bit of an increase in terms of 
sulfur prices, etc. What has been the impact on margins for you and where do you 
see those going? Thank you. 
Devendra Kumar: Okay, first is regarding the crude sourcing and GRM. If you 
recollect during half-yearly accounts that is Q2 accounts, we had taken a policy step 
that GRM computations and depictions and publications are not standardized by the 
different companies or in any of the forums itself. So we had discontinued publishing 
that and it is also in line with some of the other major PSUs and other companies 
also. However, we had given an indicative figure that it is double of what was the 
Quarter 1 margin. It is still in a similar range, at a cumulative level. 
Coming to the crude sourcing part, we have consistently maintained our stance that 
Russian crude were opportunity crudes. They always played a marginal role in our 
overall strategy, they were always playing a marginal role in improving the bottom 
lines. But it was not kept as a crucial factor. We did have a margin on Russian barrels 
initially and it had come down significantly towards the later part of the calendar year. 
So loss of Russian barrels is not going to make a significant kind of an impact whereas 
on the finished product side you have seen the cracks going significantly up. So that 
more than offsets the loss on account of Russian Barrels. And that is how you see a 
very healthy Q3 performance of the company. Coming to a question to regarding gas 
can you just re-state that I did not get it correctly? 
Mayank M: So, sir, I think the reason to ask that question on gas was that you do use 
like LNG, prices have been high for most of this year and fuel oil was kind of becoming 
the alternative source for most refiners to kind of run the refineries as such. It was 
much more economical. From going forward basis are you seeing any areas where 
you can actually lower your costs by sourcing cheaper LNG is where the question 
was coming from. 
Devendra Kumar: See, our LNG consumption is relatively low and we already have 
a term contract with BPCL and it is at a significantly competitive price, it is not way 
above, and in fact, the newer LNG may, in fact be higher than that, I'll not disclose 
Page 4 of 18 

onoc 
It 
cis Irra 
flIRPL 
the final prices. It is very competitively available to us and parallelly we are also 
exploring other sources including CGDs including the parent company because 
parent company also has a certain arrangement with the CGDs especially in the 
southern areas where there is some untapped gases. So all those discussions are 
on. It is yet to be firmed up. The commerciality has to be worked out on all the ends 
both at parent company level, our level, as well as CGDs, but it is still in its infancy. 
So gas costing is not going to be a crucial issue, it is a very marginal issue. Now 
coming to the third point, sulfur, again, Sulfur, we still treat it as a secondary (product). 
It is again treated as a marginal item. If the prices are on the higher side, it is not part 
of a strategy, but, it is all right with us. 
Mayank M: Okay, great, thank you. 
Devendra Kumar: Yeah. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Thanks, Mayank. Kaushal, you can introduce yourself, 
unmute, and go ahead with your question. 
Kaushal Kedia: Am I audible? 
Devendra Kumar: Yes, Kaushal. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: That's good. 
Kaushal Kedia: Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I'm a little new to the company. 
Just wanted to know what is the revenue mix, as in, like, what is diesel, what is ATF? 
Can you just throw some light on that? And what are the cracks, what are the cracks 
in Q3, and what are the cracks currently? 
Devendra Kumar: Excuse me. Yeah, Avin is going to read out the numbers. 
Avin Gupta: So I'll come to the cracks first. The Q2 cracks were comparatively 
healthy when we compared it to the Ql. HSD was around, 15. ATF KERO was around 
13 and MS, also marginally improved from whatever we were earning in Q1. Coming 
back to question number one, volume-wise our product slate gives us HSD plus ATF 
at around 50% and MS at around 15% and the remaining 35% comes from other 
products. So this is what a broad level breakup of our product slate is. This also 
includes 10% of fuel and loss that straight away goes into our fuel part of it. 
Kaushal Kedia: So, I can understand the cracks question. So, Q2 cracks were 
around $15 to $13, and Q2. 
Avin Gupta: Yeah. 
Kaushal Kedia: And Q3 was... how much is it currently? 
Page 5 of 18 

once 
trxwcittki 
IIMPL 
Avin Gupta: Okay, so currently, it jumped, from Q2 was 15, and Q3 was 21 for HSD. 
Similar for ATF, and MS from 8 to 13. 
Kaushal Kedia: And currently, how much is it? Like, how much is it the ongoing? 
Maybe it's what we can expect. 
Avin Gupta: Currently, it is not as high as 21 and 13 that I told you. It has come down, 
and it has moderated to around 14-15. This is what, the current published cracks are. 
Kaushal Kedia: So, from 21, it's come down to 14, 15, and... 
Avin Gupta: As of now, as on date, 
Kaushal Kedia: So it's similar to what Q2 levels were, basically. 
Avin Gupta: Yeah cracks are right now in the trajectory that was in Q2. 
Kaushal Kedia: Understood. Okay, so thank you very much for that. 
Devendra Kumar: Thanks, Kaushal 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Thanks, Kaushal. Akash, you can, unmute yourself and go 
ahead with your question. 
Akash Mehta: Hello, yeah, hi. I just wanted to understand what would be the impact 
in terms of higher freight rates in the 3rd quarter, maybe in dollars per barrel or rupees 
per barrel? 
And second relating question, you said the freight rates are kind of normalized right 
now. I mean, the disruptions still remain, right? I mean, is, it normalized for you, or the 
industry, or... How to look at it here. 
Devendra Kumar: Thanks, Akash, for this question. I'll be repeating myself, the 
freight rates were a concern both from investor analyst perspective, as well as our 
perspective. There was a supply issue, but in the current context, other than the 
Middle East tensions, there is no supply crunch for these vessels, rates are gradually 
coming down. It is no longer what it was at the peak in Q2. It has come down 
significantly, but it is not close to the Q1 levels. So, there is a big mix of rates. I can 
only say in general terms that it is slightly higher than the Q1 rates, but way below 
the Q2 and early Q3 rates. 
Akash Mehta: Sure, sure. That helps, yeah. Yeah, that's it. Thank you. 
Devendra Kumar: Thank you, Akash. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Thank you, Akash. Sumeet, you can go ahead and ask your 
question. 
Page 6 of 18 

Sumeet Rohra: Thanks. Hi, sir, good morning. Firstly, sir, I would like to, you know, 
get if you take a 5-year perspective, can you throw light on, you know, where do you 
see our company, in terms of, you know, refining, in terms of marketing, because 
you're also adding some outlets? So if you, so if I take a 3-5 year view, can you just 
show, you know, share what are your big growth plans? Going ahead, sir? 
Devendra Kumar: From a strategy point of view we have realized that Retail is going 
to be a big game changer for the refinery. Early it was just like a base refinery but 
over a period with capacities coming up in other refineries so we expect that this is 
the major area where we need to work much smarter, and that is how we are focusing 
majorly on retail outlets. Because the margins available on retail is superior to what 
you get only at the refinery transfer. And, in fact, export sales can be a little volatile. 
Occasionally, it favors us, and occasionally there are pitfalls in that export sales. 
Retail will give us a sense of stability going forward. So, in 3 years' time we are 
planning about 500 outlets. And we are keeping this target as reasonable and 
modest. We don't want to go overboard. And in 5 years' time about 1,000 and that is 
where the expansion is supposed to reach a very crucial tipping point where the 
growth rate 5 years down the line should be much higher. In a typical retail marketing 
outlet, establishing the first few hundred outlets is very difficult because you start from 
scratch but then you are way ahead on the learning curve and it becomes speedier 
and speedier, so you will see a significant growth in terms of our retail portfolio. And 
we are targeting that particular segment. 
Sumeet Rohra: So how many fuel outlets do we have today? 
Devendra Kumar: Today we have 200 we're targeting 250 by this year-end, 500 by 
3 years' time, and that is keeping it as a conservative figure. 
Sumeet Rohra: Okay, very nice. Thank you so, so much, and I wish you all the best, 
and good luck, sir. 
Devendra Kumar: Thank you Sumeet 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Then, Nilesh you can unmute yourself and go ahead with 
your question. Nilesh, you're not audible if you are speaking. 
Nilesh Ghuge: Am I audible now? 
Devendra Kumar: Yes Nilesh. 
Nilesh Ghuge: Yeah, yeah, thanks. Thanks for the opportunity. So, as you 
mentioned, that you are planning to expand from 200 currently to 500 and then 
subsequently to 1,000 retail outlets. So what kind of investment you see over next 5 
years in marketing? And this is just on the retail side you are mentioning, but what 
Page 7 of 18 

onGc 
rammeitQF 
mRPL 
about the depots and the pipeline infrastructure that you are planning to develop over, 
let's say, 5 years? 
Devendra Kumar: We are already, that is, aligned, with our retail outlets. The 
question is absolutely right. Any kind of retail expansion requires the secondary 
capacities to come up and we are targeting the states which are adjoining Karnataka 
in the near future and we are also targeting establishment of deports in all these 
locations both on the East Coast as well as the West Coast. So Mumbai is a target, 
Maharashtra, Vizag, and we are looking for capacities. Kerala is target. We already 
have capacities, we are also looking at expansion of those capacities based on our 
retail offtake. And we will continue to also look at the pipelines. The latest being, we 
are targeting the Bangalore airport pipeline. The tenders were already on the final 
outcome is awaited and that is the Devangonti-Devanhalli pipeline. And as and when 
future opportunities come we'll continue to look at those. 
Nilesh Ghuge: And sir what kind of investment in marketing you envision over let's 
say a couple of years or 3 years down the line? 
Devendra Kumar: See these kind of infrastructure will depend on the licensing, the 
time, because the retail outlets do take certain time, so I'll not give it timeframe. But 
typically the depots could be in the range of 50 to 100 crores annually depending on 
the capacities. The pipeline would be in the range of 200 odd crores. So major 
planned is in Mumbai, Vizag. This will help us to take care of the entire Southern India 
and smaller depots at other areas. So you can say it will be in the range of 
approximately 500 plus minus in the near future. 
Nilesh Ghuge: Okay, teek hai. So, my second question what percentage of our 
product sales is through our own retail outlet currently? 
Devendra Kumar: Right now the percentage it is not going to be very significant 
because we are in that expansion phase. We have still not captured the kind of 
market. It is a very small fraction of the total volumes and total revenues. It is 
approximately 2%, 1.5% I believe. 
Nilesh Ghuge: Yeah, and once you achieve that 1,000 retail outlets in your own retail 
outlets so what kind of a revenue you expect from your own marketing business 
marketing sales? 
Devendra Kumar: As I had mentioned earlier, we are targeting retail as a major 
revenue earner in future. Reason is that 1,000 is only an intermediate target. In future 
we want this refinery to be a full-fledged refinery and marketing business, not just 
limited to only refining. So, right now, we are keeping that 1,000 as an intermediate 
target, about 5 years target, because we do have certain challenges when you are 
entering the market for the first time in many of the states. So, that is a critical 
Page 8 of 18 

011GC 
I k 
3r.k,
rnRPL 
inflection point we expect. After that, we should be targeting higher numbers based 
on the experience. So it is targeting retail outlets, as well as the depots, that is the 
support. We're also opening offices, like Chennai offices is a major office. We also 
intend to have more marketing offices in the Upper Karnataka region, Andhra region, 
Telangana, and Mumbai region. So, these are our medium-term targets. 
Nilesh Ghuge: Yeah, sir. And just last question from my side before I join the 
question queue back. SO, you're talking about the retail outlets, I mean you mean the 
petrol and diesel, but what about the other products marketing? What are your plans? 
Because that there will be some pressure for the other products as well with the other 
oil marketing companies are expanding, their crude throughput, or refining expansion. 
So what are your plans for the other products? 
Devendra Kumar: So the next apart from MS and Diesel the next is the ATF. ATF 
we are very well placed and technically as I mentioned we would be one of the first 
to be compliant with that CORSIA Standards, and based on our tie-up with Shell, 
affiliate company, we expect this particular business to keep growing and we expect 
this market share to be completely with us. We do not see any dent in our ATF 
holdings going further. 
Nilesh Ghuge: Okay, okay. Thanks, thanks a lot, sir. Thanks, and all the best. 
Devendra Kumar: Thank you, Nilesh 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Thank you, Nilesh. Kaushal, you can go ahead with your 
question. 
Kaushal Kedia: Yeah, thank you for the opportunity once again, sir. Am I audible? 
Devendra Kumar: Yes, Kaushal 
Kaushal Kedia: Sir, I just wanted to understand we have a 15 MMTPA plant what 
would be the replacement cost for a plant like this, if we were supposed to set up this 
plant from scratch, if someone was to set up from scratch? What is the Capex 
required for maybe 1 MMTPA? Can you just throw some light on that? 
Devendra Kumar: See, typically, there are certain thumb rules, and it varies from 
location to location, and also on the complexity, what you are planning, ultimately. 
So, if you take the latest Barmer as the latest addition, it is almost like 8,000 crore per 
MMT. It could be higher if you are planning a more complex sourcing and more 
complex processing but 8,000 crore per million ton. That is like a benchmark. 
Kaushal Kedia: So. complexity that we have currently. For that, also, it's 8,000 crores 
per year. 
Page 9 of 18 

Devendra Kumar: No, it will of course increase because you are not just refining 
crude for your primary products but then there are other intermediate plants which 
have to be put up for the Petchem. That will take it to higher than 10,000 also. 
Kaushal Kedia: Okay so 7,000 to 10,000 is a reasonable point of view if I was to just 
include replacement. 
Devendra Kumar: Yes, that is right. 
Kaushal Kedia: And, sir, why were the cracks? Why did the cracks suddenly shoot 
up in Q3? What was the reason? Was there some global reason or anything that you 
look back you could pin to? 
Devendra Kumar: You follow the market more than us, you know the reasons. We 
have a lot of uncertainties prevailing in the market sourcing commercial under these 
sanctions. So these are playing, a very complex I can only say that this is a complex 
play it is yet to stabilize and this complexity is not going away immediately. So as it 
was mentioned in the first very first question that end of January what are going to be 
the implications of the sanctions who are all compliant? That will also come into 
picture. We are also waiting and watching and aligning ourselves to evolving market. 
Kaushal Kedia: So if we want to have a management meet, how do we get in touch 
with you? 
Devendra Kumar: You are welcome to Mangalore anytime, and all of you, you are 
welcome to Mangalore, You can also see the refinery, I'm sure it is going to impress 
you 
Kaushal Kedia: So, how can we get in touch? Should we, who's the concerned 
person who we can get in touch? Any email addresses? 
Devendra Kumar: Avin Gupta is our... 
Avin Gupta: You can get in touch with me anytime, whenever you want to visit, we 
can plan that. 
Kaushal Kedia: Sir, can I have your email address, please? 
Avin Gupta: This is avin_gupta.. 
Kaushal Kedia: A-V-I-N. 
Avin Gupta: avin_gupta@mrpl.co.in. 
Kaushal Kedia: Thank you, sir. Sir, thank you very much for your patience. 
Devendra Kumar: Thank you, Kaushal. 
Page 10 of 18 

Swarnendu Bhushan: Thanks, Kaushal. Dhaval, you can unmute yourself and, go 
ahead with your question. 
Dhaval Popat: Yeah so basically now that the Russian crude is no longer in the part 
of the slate can you provide a broader percentages? I understand Middle East is a 
majority but still if you can give us where exactly the crude is being sourced in terms 
of the percentage or broader percentage if you can draw out some guidance on that. 
Devendra Kumar: See about 40% of our crudes, we have collectively, together with 
Government of India, we are committed to Middle East crudes led by Saudi Aramco. 
So that gives us a very stable kind of sourcing whatever may be the geopolitical 
conditions and we would continue with that. Apart from that we have the tender 
process and tender process is aligned because we do have a complex refinery and 
our product mix will decide the kind of crudes which are required. Sometimes you 
require very sweet and light crudes, sometimes something which is heavier. And it is 
a combination, it could be from Middle East also but it could be from the domestic 
suppliers, domestic producers from ONGC both East and West Coast, as well as, 
Mangala Crude. And we also have this arrangement of that is one-to-one sourcing 
and those arrangements or MOUs are in place in some of the cases like with TOTSA 
or ADNOC those can always be relied upon in near future. 
Dhaval Popat: Yes, okay, I understand. And is there a minimum percentage of high 
sulfur crude that you maintain in your state? 
Devendra Kumar: I didn't give you minimum number of... 
Dhaval Popat: Minimum percentage of high sulfur crude that could be maintained, 
that would be maintained, in your refinery slate. I understand there will be different 
products and different requirements, but is there a benchmark that is, that we can 
keep, like, the high sulfur crude that you would have in your refinery? 
Devendra Kumar: High sulfur crude we don't target high sulfur crude, we target 
based on other components and if it turns out to be high sulfur it is not a no-go for us. 
It's not a deal-breaker. Because we have a sulfur treatment facility in our refinery so 
for us it's not an issue. 
Dhaval Popat: So, let's say if I have to gauge how much percentage of heavier 
crudes, do you particularly use or is there a minimum benchmark that you have for 
heavier crudes? 
Avin Gupta: Yeah, Avin this side. So see as you already know that our refinery is a 
complex refinery. We can even process heavy crude such as Merey or Maya apart 
from whatever we are processing currently but we can go up to 16, 15 API also. This 
is the capability the refinery has, but it really depends on the economics at that 
Page 11 of 18 

anGc 
Nwlit 
MRPL 
particular day, when we are purchasing the crude, what crude we are going towards. 
Our refinery is obviously biased towards heavier crude because that is economically 
more suiting us, because of the complex nature of the refinery. But I cannot tell our 
thumb rule percentage that this much only or around a set percentage we are process 
only heavier crude and not the lighter crude. It really depends on the opportunity that 
we are getting, and the complexity and the economics that the products will bring us 
to the table. 
Devendra Kumar: Dawal, I'll put the same thing in simpler terms. See, a more 
complex refinery, heavier crudes can be processed more easily. 
Dhaval Popat: No, no, I understand that, yeah. 
Devendra Kumar: If we don't get the heavier crudes at a cheaper rate, we would not 
go for heavier crudes. That is the simple commercial reason for that. 
Avin Gupta: Currently for the 9 months, I can mention that it is around 70-72%. 
Devendra Kumar: The heavier crude. 
Dhaval Popat: Oh, okay, understood. That is helpful. Thank you. 
Devendra Kumar: Yep. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Thanks, Dhaval. Sir, we have two questions in the chat box. 
I will read that, and please try to answer that one. So, the first question is asking that 
the throughput that we have declared in our press release is 4.7 million metric tons, 
whereas PPAC is measuring 4,561 million tons. Any reason for the discrepancy in 
the two? 
Devendra Kumar: See what we have published is.... regarding the PPAC numbers, 
I can only get back to you. I'll not be able to comment immediately, because I don't 
have that with me immediately. You said it is 4.56. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Yes 
Devendra Kumar: I hope there's no confusion between the production numbers and 
throughput numbers. We'll get back to you, and... 
Avin Gupta: 4.56.... 
Devendra Kumar: You have the number.l was gonna say that. One sec, 
Avin Gupta: So, the thing is, Avin this side, the 4.56 that you mentioned was the 
gross crude, the 4.7 Million Metric Ton that we reported in our financials that was the 
net crude percentage. So our revenue and the rest of the things and the bottom line 
is driven by the net crude that is why we focus on net crude and not the gross crude. 
Page 12 of 18 

Swarnendu Bhushan: Ya, The second question is, is MRPL looking to buy 
Venezuelan oil, for processing? 
Devendra Kumar: Yes so we are actively looking at it. We've not decided, but we 
are looking at it. Moreover, it depends on the commercial terms. Because freights are 
expected to be on the higher side when you get, when the rate is also, that is, low 
API crude. So, we will look at the total terms and conditions and the commercials. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Sure, sir. And the last question is if you can highlight what 
Capex you need in the Q3? 
Devendra Kumar: So we, have, committed, earlier also in Q2 that, overall CAPEX 
on an annual basis is in the range of about 1,500 crores. That is the kind of Capex 
we target, which is a mix of revamping, as well as small-time... that is, some 
capacities which we keep adding. It's not a capacity addition of total this, but 
intermediate products. Like IBB was one such product, our grid infrastructure, there 
are some other minor projects also, some pipeline, that is, you change... yeah, 
rerouting, yes. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Sure, sir. Sir, one last question from my side. So, we have 
also announced this Isobutyl Benzene pilot that we said that we'll do in the, next year. 
So, before we take, our question, I think Sarthak also has a question. Sarthak, if you 
can unmute yourself and go ahead, sir. 
Sarthak Tita: Yeah, hi, morning, am I audible? 
Devendra Kumar: Yes, Sarthak, please. 
Sarthak Tita: Yeah, thank you for answering all the questions. I just had one follow-
up question on the Capex part. So, you mentioned that 1,500 crores that we are 
planning to do in FY26. If you could just help me as to how much we have incurred 
till December, and also your guidance on FY27 basis, because I believe there should 
be some tapering off in Capex. If at all, we include the IBB part. And also, how do we 
see the return metrics and the project of isobutyl benzene that is coming up, and how 
it will add to the profitability part? And lastly, sorry for the elongated qUestion, lastly, 
how should we see as the dividend payout policy for this year and next year as well, 
considering we are going to do good numbers in Q4 as well. Similar, like, Q2 
numbers, so...a bit of clarity on this will help, yeah. Thank you. 
Devendra Kumar: I'll answer the last question first. On the dividend part. A dividend, 
per se, is not out of discussion. And it has to be seen in the context of the three 
requirements. One is our own CAPEX requirement. Second is the kind of debt which 
we carry and the third is of course dividend. So compared to last year's annual 
profitability, this three quarters have been relatively good. And we did push some of 
Page 13 of 18 

onoc 
uaiwiltea 
MRPL 
our ongoing CAPEX to this year. Those should get completed. And if Q4 remains 
profitable that we might... that is the... not me personally, the board might actually 
look at a dividend also. So that, I will leave to the decision of the board. But that is 
definitely on the anvil, that looking at the overall fourth quarter, there could be a 
dividend possibility. Now, coming to the first question, first question was... In 
December. The capex was 887 crores. That is first 3 quarters. And some of our, 
these, projects should be coming to a major technical closure by end of March. So, 
this could go up to about, 1500. 
Sarthak Tita: Got it, sir. And, any clarity on next year's Capex numbers? FY27? 
Devendra Kumar: It will be in this similar range, because revamping is something 
which keeps happening constantly. You need to maintain the plant in best of working 
conditions. As you can see, but for the first quarter shutdown, we would have 
continued to have throughput of almost 18 MMT. So it is almost 120% above the 
nameplate capacity, and to keep the plant running at the top performance, you need 
to continuously keep looking at your equipment, and whatever requires revamping 
has to be attended to, so we do have some ongoing projects plus some are 
opportunity projects, like I said, the rerouting of pipelines. So, the target remains in 
that ballpark point of 1500 crores. 
Sarthak Tita: Sure, sir, thank you. And just very lastly, any debt number that we are 
looking at, considering that we have a commendable achievement to push the debt 
below 10,000 crores as of now, so how should we look at the debt numbers moving 
in this year end, as well as 27? 
Devendra Kumar: You have seen our balance sheet. We have NCDs on our books. 
Those NCDs are not due till 28. So, whatever has been paid in December, after that, 
the next due date is, 28. So, it's almost, 4,500 crores is locked till 28. So the next big 
item is the ECBs. And ECB is right now, there's some volatility, but otherwise, the 
ECB gives us a certain cushion. So, we are actively evaluating that. It's a trade-off 
between debt reduction because if I have to pay off that ECB right now there is a 
foreign exchange loss. We do expect Forex market to move if the U.S. trade deal 
comes through and we'll take a call accordingly. Right now, it is 9.3 and it could come 
down, not very significantly, but it might come down if the market remains favorable. 
Sarthak Tita: Okay, got it, This was very helpful, yeah. Thank you so much, and 
congratulations to the team. 
Devendra Kumar: Thank you. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Sumit, you can unmute yourself and agree with your question. 
Sumit, you can mute yourself right. I think there's no response from his line, sir, so, is 
there one more person in the... 
Page 14 of 18 

Sumeet Rohra: Can you hear me now? 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Yeah, ask him. He can hear you now, go ahead. 
Sumeet Rohra: I mean, sorry about that. So, sir, coming back to your point on fuel 
marketing since you're looking at a 5X kind of growth over the next 5 years. If I recall 
this correctly when Reliance and BP had done a deal the valuation which they took 
was basically at about 10 crores per fuel outlet. So, can you basically concur with the 
same that, the cost to set up one fuel outlet should be you know, something like at 
least about 5 to 6 crores? I mean, the pure reason I ask this is, sir, today in the listed 
domain we've got our parent, as well as oil marketing companies which are trading 
at subpar valuation. So can you just help understand on one side, we see the reality 
is that there is substantial amount of growth in the market that, not only you, but all 
the companies are adding retail outlets and you're kind of clearly seeing from Mr. 
Hardeep Singh Puri also talking about making India a refining hub of but to the other 
side you have the stock markets which don't value these companies. So, can you 
help understand, the digress between the two? And on the valuation of fuel marketing 
would really help a lot? 
Devendra Kumar: That's a very interesting question, and I would love to answer that. 
So, thanks for the question. So, first things first, the retail outlets, the cost is 
significantly different depending on the location. So, if it is an urban location, you are 
right, it could be much higher. But all the newer outlets which are coming up, so we 
have a mix of outlets coming up. We are also bound by certain guidelines of the 
ministry, government guidelines. So, it cannot be only urban, or only in the cities or 
only on the highways. There is a mix and match. So, the outlets, and we also have, 
that is, plain vanilla kind of outlets, and a slightly smarter outlet. So, the cost would 
vary from as low as about 1.5 crores for a smaller outlet, to something, what you have 
mentioned, and that will be for a bigger city kind of environment. So, for us also, it is 
a very similar mix and match. Right now, going forward, we have advertised;
depending on the responses, on an average, it is coming out to be in that range of 2 
crores. That is the current, but whether it will continue to be in that range, same range 
going forward, I cannot comment on that. It will depend on the market response. 
Sumeet ROhra: Understand. And sir, just one question, to the earlier participant you 
said that the cost to set up 1 MMT of refining is about 7,000 if I heard correctly. So 
today for example you have about 15 MMT, and your throughput as you mentioned 
is about 18. But you clearly see your market cap is only 25,000 Crore. So the point 
I'm trying to make is that what steps are you guys taking to increase market 
capitalization? Because these companies need to start trading at a much higher PE 
multiple than what they trade today. So, can you share some thoughts on that as 
well? 
Page 15 of 18 

Devendra Kumar: Sumit, you have, asked a question which we also ask yourselves. 
But yes, depending on the feedback this is a common troubling point for all the OMCs. 
It's not just us it is all the OMCs, PSU OMCs that the valuation is much below you 
rightly pointed out that. One very crucial factor is that almost the entirety of the pricing 
and the taxation is still considered controlled by the government, despite all the 
deregulations happening in this space. I'm referring to your fraternity. We keep getting 
that feedback. One is like we had the SAED although it is no longer there you never 
know if in a crisis you might again come up with some other kind of tax. That is the 
kind of feedback which we have got. In case of MRPL, one peculiarity is that our float 
is very limited. Almost 88% is with ONGC and HPCL and only balance 12% 
approximately is in the open market even in that 12% about 1% would be locked up 
in those non-participants. So the float is also an issue and we are examining it 
together with our parent companies to address that float issue. 
Sumeet Rohra: Sure, sir. Thank you so much, and I'll probably connect with you 
offline. Thanks a lot, sir. 
Devendra Kumar: Thank you, Sumit. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Thank you, Sumit. Sir, we have a couple of more questions 
on the chat box. What is the initiative to reduce the crude sourcing cost? What is the 
initiative to reduce crude sourcing costs? 
Devendra Kumar: Sorry, I didn't get the question correctly. Is it referring to the freight 
or overall? 
Swarnendu Bhushan: So, it would be on overall sense. So, I think whatever we are 
doing in terms of reducing the total cost of purchase as far as the crude basket is 
concerned, be it freight or maybe be say sourcing change in terms of long-term, short-
term or taking benefit of arbitrage crude or freight rate as well. 
Devendra Kumar: Okay. Thanks for this clarification. Like any other refiner we are 
also marked to market. We are not in a league to be actually dictating any of these 
things like OPEC or any other large company. However our margins are derived not 
from the absolute rate. It is derived from the cracks and that is where we make our 
major earnings from. And this is where we keep targeting that is a mix of export a mix 
of domestic term sales and now we are also targeting the retail outlets. That is where 
the margins for the company are. It is not just the sourcing, it is the margins which 
are important to us. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Another question is on our retail throughput outlet. What 
volumes are we doing for outlet per month? 
Page 16 of 18 

onGc 
Crel3.1214 
MRPL 
Avin Gupta: I'll come back on the retail outlet volume part. You may proceed with the 
next question. I'll clarify in a minute. 
Devendra Kumar: And can you just correct? NCD number, what is that number? 
3000? 
Avin Gupta: The NCD that was asked the number is 3,260 crores that we are having. 
Devendra Kimar: Right now, it is... this is the balance amount, 3,260. 
Avin Gupta: And, ECB amount is 500 million, that comes to around 4,500 crores. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Sure, sir. So, next year and, next year we have also guided 
around 1,500 odd. Crore of capex. Is there a breakdown of the same thing in terms of 
what the maintenance Capex is and what will be going into IBB or anything like that? 
Devendra Kumar: I'll request my team, they'll give you the breakdown shortly. We 
can go take the next question. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Question is, how much percentage of refined products are we 
exporting currently? 
Devendra Kumar: We export almost 40% of our products in exports right now that is 
the percentage. It may change quarter on quarter, but I'm giving you the figure on a 
running basis.last year. 
Avin Gupta: And additionally the retail outlet sale is around 120KL per month per 
outlet. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Thank you, sir. The person is asking what is our expectation 
on GRM considering that capacity is becoming constrained globally. 
Devendra Kumar: GRM, if you follow the markets, it is still quite healthy, although 
we did say that it is going closer to Q2. In fact, it's not as high as Q3, but it is still quite 
healthy. And it suits us because very high GRMs we know market will not be able to 
sustain the kind of GRMs which we saw in Q3. We did have spikes beyond that 21 
(cracks) also. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Sure, so that's all from the chat box also, sir. If you have the 
Capex breakdown, we can take that, and otherwise we will just close. 
Devendra Kumar: Capex breakdown we have. Just give us half a minute, yes. 
Avin Gupta: So, in 1500 crores around 400 to 450 crores will be towards the growth 
part of it so retail outlets and other projects or grid power import and all those things. 
The rest you can take towards maintenance, okay? 
Page 17 of 18 

oncc 
earwdle 
MRPL 
Devendra Kumar: Revamping, that is what we got. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Sure, sir. One last question. What is the IRR we are expecting 
from IBB? If you could share some financials in terms of absolute building project that 
we are doing. What capacity is required, capacity and all that stuff? 
Devendra Kumar: So regarding IBB it's a pilot project and we are still quite a few 
years from its commercialization. So we need to go across many decision gates. First 
is the technical inspection of that. It has to meet stringent quality norms. And we are 
quite hopeful of that. After that to get the licenses we still see about 3-4 years down 
the line. And only after that we'll be in a position to take a realistic view on the IRR. It 
also depends on the market conditions at that point in time. So right now taking a call 
on IRR is a little too early to comment on that. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Okay, sir, so that was the last question, sir. On behalf of PL 
Capital we would like to thank all the participants for their valuable time. We'd also 
like to thank the management on sharing their insights. Thank you very much sir. 
Have a nice day. 
Devendra Kumar: I would like to thank each one of you who has shown interest in 
the company and taking time out. I would like to re-emphasize, each one of you is 
invited to visit our plant, and we are available to meet once again in person, also. 
Thanks for your time, and if there are any questions which remain ambiguous or 
unanswered, please feel free to contact my investor cell, Avin Gupta is the person, 
and we'll be happy to respond to you once again. Thank you. 
Swarnendu Bhushan: Thanks a lot. 
Devendra Kumar: Thank you. 
Page 18 of 18 
