 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 9, 2026 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500214  
 
 
 
Symbol: IONEXCHANG 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for the Earnings Conference Call held for Q3 FY 2025-26 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference 
Call held with Institutional Investors/Analysts (Group Meeting) on Monday, 2nd February, 2026, to 
discuss the operational and financial performance of the Company for the third quarter and nine 
months ended 31st December, 2025.  
 
The said transcript is also available on the Company's website at www.ionexchangeglobal.com. 
 
Kindly take the information on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ion Exchange (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Nikisha Solanki 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS 50894 
 
Encl.: As stated above 
 
NIKISHA 
YOGESH 
SOLANKI
Digitally signed 
by NIKISHA 
YOGESH SOLANKI 
Date: 2026.02.09 
17:07:59 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 43 
Ion Exchange (India) Limited 
Q3 and Nine Months FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 02, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the 
Ion Exchange (India) Limited's Q3 and nine months 
FY’26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and 
then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain 
from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you, 
ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: Good afternoon everyone, and a warm welcome to 
you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from Valorem 
Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Ion 

 
Page 2 of 43 
Exchange (India) Limited. On behalf of the company, 
I would like to thank you all for participating in the 
company's earnings conference call for the 3rd 
Quarter and nine months ending of the financial year 
2026. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary 
statement. Some of the statements made in today's 
earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risk and 
uncertainty, which could cause actual results to differ 
from those anticipated. Such statements are based 
on management's beliefs as well as assumptions 
made by and information currently available to the 
management. Audiences are cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements 
in making any investment decisions. The purpose of 
today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring 
awareness about the company's fundamental 
business and financial quarter under review. 
Let me now introduce you to the Management 
participating with us in today's earnings call and hand 
it over to them for their opening remarks. We have 

 
Page 3 of 43 
with us Mr. Aankur Patni - Vice-Chairman, Mr. 
Indraneel Dutt - Managing Director and CEO, Mr. 
Vasant Naik - Group Chief Financial Officer, and Ms. 
Nikisha Solanki - Company Secretary. 
Without any delay, I request Mr. Vasant Naik to start 
with his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Vasant Naik: 
Thank you, Purvangi. Good afternoon, everybody. It 
is a pleasure to welcome you all to the Earnings 
Conference Call for the 3rd Quarter and Nine Month 
Ended Financial Year 2026. 
For the 3rd Quarter under review, on a consolidated 
basis, the company reported an operating income of 
INR 7,344 million, an increase of 6% year-on-year. 
The EBITDA stood at INR 593 million, a decline by 21% 
year-on-year. The EBITDA margin stood at 8.07% and 
net profit was INR 206 million, while the PAT margin 
was 2.81%. 
For the nine months of financial year 2026, the 
company reported an operating income of INR 20, 
516 million, an increase of 8% year-on-year. EBITDA 

 
Page 4 of 43 
stood at INR 1,902 million, down 9% year-on-year. 
The EBITDA margin stood at 9.27% and net profit at 
INR 1,189 million, while the PAT margin was 5.8%. 
I would also like to highlight that the Labour Codes 
were notified on November 21, 2025, resulting in an 
incremental provision of INR 169 million, which is 
recognized as an exceptional item towards gratuity 
and leave-related employee benefits arising from 
past service costs.  
Now going through the quarterly segmental 
performance on a consolidated basis: 
In the Engineering division, the revenue for the 
quarter stood at INR 4,297 million, which is flattish on 
a year-on-year basis. The segment's EBIT was INR 186 
million, down 28% year-on-year. The Inquiry Bank 
continued to remain steady during the quarter. There 
was sequential as well as quarter-on-quarter growth 
in order inflows, primarily driven by medium-sized 
opportunities. During the quarter, the company 
secured two domestic solar sector contracts, 
aggregating INR 2,050 million, covering ultra-pure 
water systems, effluent treatment plants, and zero-

 
Page 5 of 43 
liquid discharge solutions. Ultra-pure and high-purity 
water projects within the solar segment continued to 
see traction. The planned dispatches of certain high-
value engineering contracts for the international 
market got deferred to the fourth quarter of FY25-26, 
which impacted the quarterly performance. In 
addition, execution of the UP Jal Nigam order 
remained muted. The current total order book stands 
at INR 28,330 million, with an order inflow of INR 
5,160 million during the quarter. 
Moving to the Chemical division: 
The revenue for the quarter was INR 2,307 million, an 
increase by around 16% year-on-year. The EBIT stood 
at INR 431 million, reflecting a decline of 18% on a 
year-on-year. The moderation in profitability was 
primarily due to the product mix and Roha facility 
costs. The stage-wise commissioning of the Roha 
facility continues to progress steadily, and the 
company expects a gradual scale-up in production 
volumes over the coming months. The facility is being 
developed to become an industry benchmark in 
terms of product quality and sustainability, which is 

 
Page 6 of 43 
expected to support long-term growth and margin 
improvement. 
For the Consumer Product division, the revenue for 
the quarter stood at INR 987 million, an increase by 
28% year-on-year. The loss for the quarter was INR 
33 million, compared to a loss of INR 29 million for 
the same period in the previous year. This segment 
continues to witness healthy volume growth. The 
company continues to invest in the business to build 
a significantly higher and more scalable revenue 
platform over the medium to long term. 
With this, I conclude the opening remarks, and before 
we open the floor to the question and answer 
session, Mr. Indraneel Dutt will give a brief overview 
of the implications of the Union Budget on the 
company's operations. 
Indraneel Dutt: Good afternoon all. Thank you for joining, and 
Vasant, thank you for the overall summary on the 
company's performance. Since the budget was 
announced by the Union Government just yesterday, 
a lot of you may have questions on the impact of the 
budget on the company's long-term and medium-

 
Page 7 of 43 
term prospects. We thought that we will share with 
you some bright spots that we see from the budget 
that got rolled out. I think overall there is a lot of 
focus in the budget, expressing the Government of 
India's long-term commitment to infrastructure, 
sustainability, and the water sector. I think 
prominent among those has been the strong support 
to the Jal Jeevan Mission project, which was officially 
again reinforced that the project will continue till 
2028, and the allocation by the Government on the 
project has been significantly extended vis-à-vis the 
actual spend versus in this current financial year. That 
augurs well for us as significant portion of the UP Jal 
Jeevan Mission projects remains pending. In addition 
to that, the Government continues to invest in the 
sunrise industries like semiconductor with Rs. 40,000 
crores additional outlay, which essentially means a 
boost for our high-tech solutions in ultra-pure water 
and zero-liquid discharge, which we believe is where 
the company is well positioned with the recent wins 
in this solar space that we want to take forward. 
Apart from that, there are also green-shoot 
opportunities coming in the cloud-based data centers 

 
Page 8 of 43 
that will be set up, which will again require a 
tremendous amount of water, and also will require 
wastewater management, as well as the requirement 
of our chemicals and other portfolios. 
Over and above, the Government also announced the 
setting up of five mega-textile parks. That brings a lot 
of focus and investment on the textile business 
segment. It also brings opportunities for your 
company on water treatment plants, zero-liquid 
discharge solutions, as well as on chemicals. 
Additionally, critical mineral processing is a key 
Government focus area, where company’s Ion 
Exchange Membranes and Resins portfolios will 
prove highly useful. 
In addition to that, there has been a revival of about 
200 legacy industrial clusters, which is an opportunity 
for both our services division, as well as our 
institution business, where our products should play 
well. Also, as all of us are aware, the Government of 
India signed a historic trade agreement with the 
European Union, which will allow a free flow of goods 
and services across both these continents. By virtue 

 
Page 9 of 43 
of our presence in Europe, through our latest 
acquisition, we believe that this will augur well for the 
company as we try to increase our market share in 
areas like chemicals, resins, membranes, as well as 
our engineering systems and equipment. So overall, 
there is a lot to look forward to directionally, from a 
medium-to-long-term perspective, I think most of the 
measures of the Government, we are fully aligned in 
terms of leveraging the growth opportunities and 
potential in these segments. 
So with that, I just wanted to summarize our initial 
thoughts on the budget as we continue to study the 
fine print. But with that, I think we will be happy to 
take any questions that the participants of the call 
may have for me and Vasant. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the 
question and answer session.  Our first question 
comes from the line of Chetan Vora from Abakkus 
Asset Manager. Please go ahead. 
Chetan Vora: 
Hi, sir. Good afternoon. First of all, I would like to 
understand that during the quarter, the gross margin 
has declined 200 bps, 260 bps to be very precise. And 

 
Page 10 of 43 
then below that, the employee cost has also 
increased by nearly about 130 bps. Other expenses 
have also increased. And below EBITDA also, 
depreciation cost has increased from Rs. 10 crores to 
Rs. 17 crores. And the interest cost has again 
increased from Rs. 2 crores to Rs. 6.6 crores. I would 
like to understand what has been the reason. Are 
there any one-offs in these expenses? Or how should 
one look at it? And then I will come to my next 
question, sir. 
Indraneel Dutt: Yes, so thank you for the question. You know, while 
Vasant will share some specific financial numbers, 
but broadly across both our engineering and 
chemical businesses, there has been a little bit of 
headwind. And I will talk about each of them 
separately. And then Vasant will give you the specific 
numbers. It is a combination of some one-offs, some 
that will continue for some time, especially with 
respect to Roha, and also a change in our mix across 
both the segments. So I think on the engineering side, 
clearly the UPJJM projects that we talked about, I 
think those continue to move slow because of the low 
allocation of funds. And also I think in terms of the 

 
Page 11 of 43 
mix of the project execution, last year we had a 
significant amount of execution happening for our 
international projects, which this year is planned for 
fourth quarter, as a result of which we had an adverse 
mix on the engineering side. Over and above that, on 
the chemical side of the business, it was a 
combination of full impact of depreciation and 
interest of Roha facility hitting us from this particular 
quarter. and because of rupee depreciation, some of 
our input costs have also gone up, which we are 
taking steps to pass on to customers. As also some 
adverse product mix in terms of comparatively little 
bit lower invoicing from our certain high margin 
product lines. So that is kind of the broad construct. I 
will request Vasant to give you some very specific 
details on the questions that you asked following up 
on my response. 
Vasant Naik: 
On the gross margin, our MD Mr. Indraneel just 
explained that there are certain headwinds in the 
engineering and the chemical segment, in terms of 
the adverse product mix, and the cost increases on 
account of the rupee depreciation, and in terms of 
the engineering segment, the overall mix of the 

 
Page 12 of 43 
project which we are executing, plus the UP project 
which is continuing to face funding issues. So I think 
a combination of all these factors have impacted the 
gross margin, and coming specifically to the interest 
and depreciation, this is largely the impact of the 
Roha facility, which was commissioned in the last 
week of September.  
Chetan Vora: 
Sir, can you tell me what was the total CAPEX done 
for Roha, and how much it was done through internal 
accruals, and how much that has been sourced, and 
what is the capacity which has come on the system, 
and towards what the CAPEX was incurred? 
Vasant Naik: 
In terms of the Roha, as we have been informing in 
the earlier calls also, the total CAPEX of Roha is 
estimated to be in the region of Rs.450 crores, and 
we have tied up a long-term loan of around Rs. 345 
crores with a banking institution. In terms of the 
capitalization in the books, just under Rs.285 crores 
has been capitalized in the books. And in terms of the 
capacity which has come on stream at the end of the 
3rd Quarter, it is in the region of 40% to 45% range. 

 
Page 13 of 43 
Chetan Vora: 
Sir, when we say the total of the Rs. 450 crores, we 
have capitalized Rs. 285 crores, is anything standing 
in CWIP, sir? 
Vasant Naik: 
Yes, around Rs. 130 crores are standing in CWIP. 
Chetan Vora: 
So broadly, we have incurred the CAPEX for the Roha, 
and what capacity will be coming out, sir, for the 
Roha, in terms of quantification, if we can see 
towards what all resins, membrane, what all the 
capacity is coming on this Roha? 
Indraneel Dutt: This plant that is dedicated to Ion Exchange Resins, 
and primarily for the exports market. As we have said 
in the last call also, we are in the process of 
sequentially commissioning the full production. We 
have already commissioned the cation stream, and 
we are in the process of commissioning the rest of 
the product line. So this is a phased process, and 
which is again as per our expected lines, that we are 
ramping up the production of this facility.  
Chetan Vora: 
Right. And sir, in terms of capacity, in terms of 
quantity, how much capacity will be there in terms of 
tonnage? 

 
Page 14 of 43 
Indraneel Dutt: So, that is something that we would not be able to 
give you such specific information. As I said, cation is 
one of the major stream of product lines, which is 
now fully stabilized, and we are ramping up our 
production. Like that, the rest of the product lines will 
also be commissioned gradually. We are not seeing 
any adverse challenges, so things are moving as per 
plan. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Chetan Vora, may we request 
you to return to the queue for follow-up questions? 
Moderator: 
But sir, there are several other participants waiting 
for their turn, so I would request you to return to the 
queue for follow-up questions, please. 
Chetan Vora: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Our next question comes from the line of 
Kishore Kumar from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kishore Kumar: Good afternoon. Sir, actually in the Q2 call that 
happened in November, we were guided for better 
execution and better profitability in the engineering 
segments. However, the actual numbers are actually 
remained under pressure because we already know 

 
Page 15 of 43 
that the legacy project of Jal Jeevan Mission was 
lagging again. Could you please help us understand 
the gap between the guidance and actual numbers? 
Indraneel Dutt: So, we have been fairly consistent, Kishore ji, in a 
commentary about the two legacy projects. One is 
the UP Jal Jeevan Mission which is delayed because 
of lack of funds, which is an industry-wide issue. And 
also, there are one legacy project that we continue to 
execute where we have adverse headwinds in terms 
of profitability. The expectation that we had in terms 
of better invoicing performance or profitability 
performance has been on certain international 
execution that we are currently underway, part of 
which was expected to happen in the 3rd Quarter, 
but because of reasons beyond our control, now we 
expect invoicing to happen for this international 
project in the fourth quarter, which is the current 
quarter of the financial year. So, it is more of a timing 
issue, and we expect that those invoicing and the 
accompanying revenue and the profitability will be 
coming in the fourth quarter of this financial year. 

 
Page 16 of 43 
Kishore Kumar: Got it. Sir, for the chemical segments, for the Roha 
facility, you mentioned that 40% to 45% of the facility 
has been commissioned now and remaining will be 
commissioned gradually. Can you give some 
quantitative figures for this facility, like revenues are 
a bit of gross margin, similar to the existing facility, or 
it is lower because of the ramp-ups? Can you give 
some specifics on this? 
Indraneel Dutt: So, we do not share such specifics. I will give you a 
little bit of a qualitative answer, and if there is 
anything more colored, then Vasant will add. Cation 
production stabilized and we are generating those 
products, production is happening. The other 
product 
lines 
are 
under 
various 
stages 
of 
commissioning and stabilizing. This is a chemical 
plant. It takes time to stabilize and get the necessary 
quality and specification of products coming out from 
the export-oriented unit. Further to that, we are also 
getting various approvals and certifications required 
for products  to be marketed to various international 
markets and in demanding applications. So, we are 
trying to commission the plant and all the products, 
at the same time expediting our approval process for 

 
Page 17 of 43 
this product. So, this entire process is underway. Our 
original plan has been to get to full capacity 
utilization in four years. We stand by those numbers. 
We are in the process of slowly, gradually scaling up 
the plant, and right now, all our actions are going on 
expected lines. Having said that, I will ask maybe 
Vasant to give you a little bit, any additional color or 
flavor he wants to provide. 
Vasant Naik: 
Yes, you asked a specific question. How is the margin 
profile of this facility? Once the plant is fully 
commissioned and the stabilization of the product is 
in place, we expect the margin profile to be better to 
what we would get from our Ankleshwar facility. 
Kishore Kumar: Okay sir. So, just a follow-up on this. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Kumar, may we request you to 
return to the queue for follow-up questions? 
Kishore Kumar: Just a follow-up question. 
Moderator: 
Right. So, sir, two questions each for participants. You 
can rejoin the queue for any follow-up questions. Sir, 
there are several other participants waiting for 
questions. Thank you. Our next question comes from 

 
Page 18 of 43 
the line of Rushabh Shah from BugleRock PMS. Please 
go ahead. Yeah. 
Rushabh Shah: Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are audible. 
Rushabh Shah: Sir, you have mentioned that the semiconductor 
opportunity will be a big one for Ion Exchange. And 
you were negotiating an order on that front. So, any 
update on that? Have you received any order? And 
according to your sense, what would be the market 
size of this opportunity? And how much Ion Exchange 
will benefit from it? 
Indraneel Dutt: The opportunity for semiconductor exists in both 
ultra-pure water and also in wastewater. We 
participated in two projects which have been 
awarded, but we did not pick up the order because 
we felt that the current price levels were not 
conducive for a profitable execution. There are other 
projects that we continue to bid. In the interest of 
confidentiality, I cannot share anything more. But 
whatever projects are there in the semiconductor 
space that is currently available, the company is 

 
Page 19 of 43 
pursuing those. And if the profitability profile of the 
projects is in line with our expectations, we will 
definitely pick up the project. In terms of our 
capabilities, we have as a company been in the 
semiconductor space for the last 40 years. One of the 
earliest plants Semiconductor plant in Mohali, was 
done by ion exchange. To this day, the plant is 
working beautifully, which talks about the durability 
of the products and solutions supplied by the 
company and also the technological know-how that 
the company has. It is a matter of picking up the right 
project at the right profitability, and we continue to 
pursue those. And as and when we see or have a 
success, we will definitely come back and share that 
with you. In the related space, it is the same solutions 
offered in the solar side. In the opening remarks, 
Vasant has talked about the two wins we have had in 
the solar project. We have also given a declaration to 
the stock exchanges for those wins. We continue to 
pursue other projects in the same ultra-pure water 
space, in solar, semiconductor, green hydrogen, as 
well as in data centers. 

 
Page 20 of 43 
Rushabh Shah: Okay. So, sir, my next question is, when we get an EPC 
project, what are those checkpoints you check so that 
we do not end up losing money in a bad project or we 
do not stretch our own balance sheet? 
Indraneel Dutt: So, good question. We have a fairly strong and we 
have put in a stronger review mechanism in terms of 
the appropriate profile of projects to pick up. So, 
clearly, the project profitability is important. Clearly, 
the creditworthiness of the customer is important. 
Clearly, the cash flow profile of the project is 
important. Clearly, the essential risks that we are 
taking on to the project is important. The type of 
industry, the type of effluents is important, So, there 
is a fairly strong risk review mechanism that the 
company pursues for taking projects. As I have said in 
the previous calls, earning from the legacy 
experience of execution where we continue to face 
profitability headwinds, we have become very 
selective in picking up projects with the right 
profitability profile. 
Rushabh Shah: Okay. So, this Roha project which is coming up for our 
region, so by when would this be up and running? 

 
Page 21 of 43 
Indraneel Dutt: So, as I said, the plant is getting commissioned. We 
are beginning to get revenues from the facility. We 
got some initial revenues in the last quarter, very 
small in the overall context of things. Our revenues in 
this quarter will increase. But as I said, there is an 
approval process and certification process of our 
products which we are in the process of doing. So, we 
expect the revenues to significantly increase in the 
subsequent or the next financial year. 
Rushabh Shah: Okay. Thank you. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of 
Raghav Maheshwari from Kamaya Care Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Raghav Maheshwari: Hi, sir. Good afternoon. Sir, first of all, my first 
question would be around the Roha Resin plant. Sir, 
if you can tell us what has been the capacity 
utilization for that plant, for the commissioned 
capacity for this quarter? 
Indraneel Dutt: So, it is a very large plant and so as I said, we have just 
commissioned the plant. So, right now, the capacity 
utilization is very, very less. As I said, this requires us 

 
Page 22 of 43 
to get the products qualified. We are releasing the 
product in certain applications in the domestic 
market. But you can expect the capacity utilization to 
start ramping up from the next financial year. And our 
outlook consistently for the next financial year has 
been 25% of the overall plant. And we believe that is 
possible for us to achieve based on the phased 
commissioning and stabilization that we have 
reached in one product line. And the work that the 
team continues to do on the ground in the plant for 
the other product lines. 
Raghav Maheshwari: Okay, sir. I understood. And, sir, my next 
question, I might have missed that information when 
you were talking about the budget. So, sir, first of all, 
how much of the receivables do we have stuck as of 
now in this Jal Jeevan Mission? And given this budget 
increase by the government in this union budget, 
what sort of impact do we see for our order intake in 
this? And like you mentioned that the Jal Jeevan 
Mission orders are still, they remain muted. So, if you 
can throw some light on this. 

 
Page 23 of 43 
Vasant Naik: 
Yes, as we have said before also, the funding from the 
UP government on account of the Jal Jeevan Mission 
has been very subdued or very negligible in this 
quarter. So, our receivables, there is not much of 
change compared to what we had in the previous 
quarter. As was mentioned when we just informed 
you about the budget announcement, the Jal Jeevan 
Mission, the outlay has been increased in the current 
budget. And we do hope with the increased outlay 
and the mission being extended up to 2028, the fund 
flow for the project will improve and our overall 
receivables will get benefited with the disbursement, 
which should happen in the coming 
Raghav Maheshwari: Sir, are we looking to take up more projects in 
JJM going forward? 
Indraneel Dutt: No, in the current construct, the way the scheme is 
we do not anticipate to take up more projects. Our 
current focus is to execute these projects. As Vasant 
said, with the renewed commitment from the 
government, we expect funds to flow in and that will 
allow us to recover our pending receivables and also 
allow us to liquidate the rest of the backlog, which 

 
Page 24 of 43 
will possibly take us a couple of years. But at least we 
will see some progress. Beyond this, this is not an 
area of focus for us. We are more focusing on water 
treatment and wastewater treatment in areas like 
ultra-pure 
water, 
high-purity 
water, 
critical 
wastewater, desalination. So that is the focus area of 
the company. However, we continue to remain firm 
on our execution of the current order backlog for Jal 
Jeevan Mission. 
Raghav Maheshwari: Okay, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of 
Anupam Gupta from HDFC Mutual Funds. Please go 
ahead. 
Anupam Gupta: Yes, so a couple of questions. So one on each 
segment. So, on the engineering segment, obviously 
the performance in this quarter was weak and you 
said that it should revert back in the fourth quarter. 
But given where your order book is, how do you see 
the growth and margins for the engineering segment 
panning out over FY’27? 

 
Page 25 of 43 
Indraneel Dutt: So I would say, first of all, that you are right in what 
we said, that we expect the fourth quarter to be 
higher in terms of invoicing and specifically for the 
international profile or international mix of the 
orders that we have in the executable backlog, which 
partly was expected to happen in the preceding 
quarter. In terms of our order execution, visibility or 
expectation for the next financial year, I think we 
have had a decent order inflow for the company in 
this year. In fact, in the three quarters of this year, we 
have already exceeded the annual order intake of the 
last financial year. We expect orders to flow i in this 
current quarter as well. So the order intake has been 
positive, even though we have become significantly 
selective in picking up orders. So we expect those 
orders to get executed with reasonable profitability, 
and we want to slowly improve the erosion that has 
happened. We want to improve the execution of the 
engineering orders. So overall, we expect a similar, if 
not slightly better outlook from the execution, both 
from an invoicing as well as from a profitability 
standpoint for a segment. 

 
Page 26 of 43 
Anupam Gupta: Okay. Understood. And in one of your earlier 
comments, you have mentioned structural changes 
to margins in the chemical business. Over the last 
four, five years, you have done 24% sort of average 
margins in chemicals. So let us say as and when Roha 
ramps up over the next four years, five years and your 
existing business continues, what sort of margin 
levels should one be comfortable with in the 
chemical segment? 
Indraneel Dutt: So, as we have been saying consistently that the 28% 
or roundabout margin that we were able to continue 
in the chemical segment, I mentioned that 
repeatedly, it itself is a challenge for us to do. I think 
over the last few quarters, the company has been 
successful with all the various variables that are there 
to maintain that margin levels. In the last quarter, 
because of the rupee depreciation, we faced some 
input cost challenges, which we expect to pass on in 
this current quarter to partly offset that impact. We 
also had a little bit of mixed challenges, which is why 
our profitability on this segment was down. And we 
are working to see that we can improve on that 
through various measures that are taken. None of 

 
Page 27 of 43 
them are structural measures per se. They are more 
business operating actions that we are taking, 
including passing on some of the price increase to the 
customers. We have been slow and reasonable, but 
now we believe that we have to pass it on back to 
certain segments. As Roha ramps up, the Roha 
profitability should be similar or better over time, but 
we do not anticipate any significant increase in the 
current quarter. As I said, in the subsequent financial 
year, we will see the benefits of Roha coming in. But 
with the price increase being passed on to our 
customers, we expect the profile to be kind of similar, 
if not slightly better, coming back to the average of 
the current financial year. 
Anupam Gupta: Okay sir. All the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of 
Deepak 
from 
Sundaram 
Asset 
Management 
Company. 
Deepak: 
Sir, my first question is on this Roha plant. I just want 
to double-check. Of the 43,000 cubic meter capacity, 
how much of the capacity will be commissioned by 

 
Page 28 of 43 
the end of Q4, the fiscal year? And on that capacity, 
how much utilization are we expecting in FY’27? 
Indraneel Dutt: As I said, we would typically not like to give a specific 
number. But as I said, we have already commissioned 
one of the major product lines, the cation. We 
continue to execute on the rest of the product lines. 
And so we expect that we will be able to get to 25% 
capacity utilization by the next financial year. And our 
commissioning and stabilization process is going very 
much as per our original plan. 
Deepak: 
But sir, when you mention this 25% capacity 
utilization in FY’27, we are talking about full plant 
commissioning, right? That 43,000 cubic meter 
capacity. 
Indraneel Dutt: Yes, definitely we are trying earlier, but definitely in 
the next financial year, the plant will be fully 
commissioned, all product lines. It is a new plant and 
it requires product approval, as I already mentioned 
previously in the call. We are going through all of that 
process as we speak. 

 
Page 29 of 43 
Deepak: 
Generally, how much time does it take for us to get 
product approved from a new plant? Is it like it takes 
a couple of quarters or is it a couple of months? 
Because I am trying to understand what is the 
revenue visibility? Are we able to ascertain with some 
certainty from this Roha planting in FY’27? 
Indraneel Dutt: Typically, it takes a quarter if everything goes right. 
And then we have to approach the customers and 
then there is a customer approval process that will 
follow, which will take typically another quarter. So, 
if everything goes right, this is the minimum time that 
will be taken. Again, that has been a part of our 
original plan as well. And that is why we have put a 
number of 25% utilization by next financial year. 
Deepak: 
Okay. Sir, I have one question on the engineering 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Deepak sir. May we request you to 
return to the queue for follow-up questions, please? 
Deepak: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of 
Dhaval Pandya from 47 Alpha Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 30 of 43 
Dhaval Pandya: So, I have two questions. One is on the loans. As we 
go through the financials, we can see that there is a 
substantial increase in the loans. So, can you tell us 
what amount of the, what are the short-term loans, 
what amount? 
Vasant Naik: 
The overall increase in loans is primarily on account 
of the term loan which we have taken on account for 
the Roha facility. And out of the total loans, around 
Rs. 55 crores will be in the short-term category. 
Dhaval Pandya: Okay. And as you mentioned that you are venturing 
out in solar as well. So, what is the contribution of 
solar in overall revenue? 
Indraneel Dutt: So, that varies. Typically, we do not disclose these 
numbers. But that varies against our current order 
inflow of about Rs. 1100 plus crores. I mean, Rs. 205 
crores are the two orders that we announced to the 
street. Again, it is not consistent every year because 
it depends on projects when they come up for order 
placements. And the mix varies. We are present 
across the segments. But what we can tell you is that 
we are actively pursuing solar opportunities and 
semiconductor opportunities. And as and when those 

 
Page 31 of 43 
come up for closure at the right profit and risk profile, 
we will pick up those jobs. 
Dhaval Pandya: Okay. One last question. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Pandya. May we request you 
to return to the question queue for follow-up 
questions? 
Dhaval Pandya: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Saket 
Kapoor from Kapoor Company. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: Yes. Namaskar, sir. I hope I am audible. 
Indraneel Dutt: Yes, namaskar. You are audible. 
Saket Kapoor: Yes. Sir, as per the conversation which we are 
continuing for the last 30, 40 minutes, is it now safe 
for investors to assume that the worst is behind in 
terms of the lower margins which we are currently 
exhibiting in the engineering segment pertaining to 
the legacy orders and also with the scenario playing 
out in terms of the chemical and the Consumer 
Product losses also on the higher side? What should 
investors envisage going ahead firstly for the next 

 
Page 32 of 43 
financial year and whether the course correction 
exercises are over and we could see now growth with 
improved profitability going ahead? Are these 
assumptions in terms of what the market conditions 
are today a fair one or we need to wait for more pain 
to flow through the P&L? 
Indraneel Dutt: So, I wish I could have said that in everything the 
worst is behind us, but I will not say that. I think we 
continue to correct the P&L and improve the 
situation. As we have said, the legacy project and the 
UP execution is still pending, much as you would have 
liked to get them over, but you heard our receivables 
on account of UP and we do not want to load our 
books and add more receivable burden on us. So, the 
legacy project we continue to execute and we are 
working on it and hopefully in the next financial year 
it will taper off. UP will continue to be there. As we 
have mentioned, we have significantly tightened on 
the engineering front, our order selection process 
and we expect that the learnings we had in the past 
will not get repeated, which is why we have been very 
selective. Even though we have crossed our last 
year's order inflow, yet, we have been extremely 

 
Page 33 of 43 
selective in picking up deals. So, yes, over the longer 
term, I would agree with your assessment that the 
overall profitability and the segment performance of 
the engineering side should increase, but that is in 
the longer term. We still have, I would say, a time 
period to cover where both UP and the legacy project 
execution will continue. On the chemical front, we 
will be passing on some of the price impact to the 
customers. And as Roha gets commissioned and the 
revenue from Roha increases, we will expect some 
improvement in the chemical profitability, but again, 
that is too early to call. We have to get Roha 
commissioned, stabilized, certified orders to come in 
and then execution will pick up. As we ramp up Roha 
capacity utilization, at that time we can expect some 
improvement, but it is still some time away because 
we have said that our original estimate, which we 
stand by, is to have Roha capacity utilization of 25% 
for the next financial year. So, longer term, yes, the 
outlook of both these segments are good. On the 
engineering side, we continue to strengthen on our 
membrane portfolio, which is a part of the 
engineering segment, where we see good tailwinds 

 
Page 34 of 43 
are coming with our product development and 
production. We are similarly seeing good tailwinds on 
the services front. All of this, on the longer term, 
augurs well for the company, but in the shorter term, 
we continue to work through some of the challenges 
which have impacted the P&L in the past, and we 
would want to get over them. The good news is, we 
have not seen any additional adverse impacts so far, 
but we will still go through the grind and get over the 
current headwinds. 
Saket Kapoor: And on the Consumer Product also, sir? 
Indraneel Dutt: On the Consumer Product side, we have seen strong 
tailwinds of growth. I do not know if you have seen 
our “Bharat Ka Paani” ad that is out there in 
commercials, in newspapers, print media. We 
continue to invest in advertising and promotion. The 
business has continued to show a 30% year-on-year 
growth so far. YTD, if you watch the IPL or the T20 
games, you will see our “Bharat Ka Paani” ad coming 
prominently. And all of this requires investments, and 
whatever profits we are making in the division, we 
are ploughing it back into advertising and promotion 

 
Page 35 of 43 
to sustain this 30% growth that we are seeing. We 
expect next year to continue on a similar trend. We 
are getting into newer parts. I think still our coverage 
in India leaves more to be catered to. We are already 
the leaders in the softener part of the business. So 
overall, the segment is looking strong. 
Saket Kapoor: Right sir. Lastly, second question 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Kapoor. May we request you 
to return to the queue for follow-up questions, 
please? Thank you. Our next question comes from 
the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique Portfolio 
Management Services. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Kothari: Hi, good afternoon, sir. Sir, one, I mean, to your point, 
this first nine months has been, I mean, we have 
surpassed the last year number also. I mean, in the 
presentation, you do talk about winds and the solar 
project. What are we seeing? Is this international 
markets, domestic, any particular segment? What is 
working there? 
Indraneel Dutt: So, as I said we are actively soliciting business while 
being selective about it. We are in all the important 

 
Page 36 of 43 
segments. We continue to actively and very 
aggressively bid for projects. However, as I said, we 
continue to be very selective in what we pick up. 
Similarly, on the international front, also we have 
increased our activities. We picked up recently a 
project with one of the largest dairy companies in 
Saudi Arabia. These are some of the wins that we 
continue to pursue. We continue to engage with 
companies on the energy side in the Middle East. And 
hopefully, we will see some of those fructifying. So, 
our activities on the front end are significantly 
engaging. And we continue to push on both the 
domestic and the international front. And as and 
when we see some of those closing favorably for the 
company we will definitely come back with suitable 
declarations. 
Pratik Kothari: Enough. And second, this ex of UP, does this legacy 
project get done in Q2? If it does, how long in FY’27 
does it go on? And ex of UP and legacies are, I mean, 
normally, the margin if that is the word I have to use, 
single digits, are we still doing those upwards of 11%, 
12% that we used to do for a couple of years? 

 
Page 37 of 43 
Indraneel Dutt: So, both the legacy project, I will talk about that first. 
We continue to execute that. It is a very large project 
and hence it continues to be executed. It will flow 
into the next financial year. As we said, it will taper 
off. A lot of the activity right now is on the 
construction side. On the site, it is a large plant. It 
takes time to be commissioned. Most of the supplies 
have been completed. But still a significant portion is 
left to be executed finally of the overall order value. 
On the UP side, as i said we have about Rs. 400 crores 
of order backlog on UP that we continue to execute. 
We believe if the funds flow starts coming in, in the 
next financial year, it will take us a couple of years to 
finally come out of those projects. And these projects 
will move into O&M. We will not leave those projects. 
But we will move into the operation and 
maintenance of those projects. Apart from that, we 
continue to be selective in pick-up of orders. So, we 
believe that these will be in the high single digits. It is 
very rare that in the project business, you end up with 
very 
attractive 
profitability 
considering 
the 
competition we see in the market. But our endeavor 

 
Page 38 of 43 
will always be to ensure that we have a profitable 
business on the project side. 
Pratik Kothari: Thank you and all the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next follow-up question comes from 
the line of Chetan Vora from Abakkus Asset Manager. 
Please go ahead. 
Chetan Vora: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for considering the question again. 
I would like to understand, the Roha CAPEX, the asset 
terms are 2.5x, right? As you had mentioned in the 
last conference call? 
Vasant Naik: 
Yes, over a period of four years. 
Chetan Vora: 
How do you see the payback period to be for this 
plant? Within what time frame we are expecting a 
payback, sir? 
Vasant Naik: 
We are expecting in the region of around four to five 
years. Under five years, the payback should happen 
for this facility. 
Chetan Vora: 
Okay, sir. And sir 

 
Page 39 of 43 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Vora. Please, if you can rejoin 
the queue for any further follow-up. 
Indraneel Dutt: I will just qualify the payback comment of Vasant. You 
know, it is slightly longer than what we wanted. But 
the reason is that this is a fully sustainable, fully 
circular plant. One third of the CAPEX has gone to 
ensure that, every, not a drop of water is discharged 
out. It is a zero liquid discharge plant. A lot of CAPEX 
has gone to ensure that, in all parameters, all input, 
items, it is almost fully circular plant. Once 
commissioned, it will be one of the best in class plants 
in the world. So we have tried to ensure that this is a 
model plant, which is why the CAPEX is slightly 
higher. And accordingly, the payback is taking a little 
longer. Ideally, we would want to have a payback 
between three and four years. I just want to qualify 
that. That is the reason that the company and the 
board made a conscious decision to see that we have 
the best in class plant in the world, in terms of 
sustainability and circularity. 

 
Page 40 of 43 
Chetan Vora: 
Right, sir. Sir, on the plant only. The entire 
capitalization will be happening this year only, right? 
FY’26? 
Vasant Naik: 
Yes, we are expecting largely the capitalization to get 
completed by March, a major part at least. 
Chetan Vora: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question comes from 
the line of Kishore Kumar from Unifi Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Kishore Kumar: Thanks for taking my question again. Sir, now that the 
legacy project will actually be there in 2027 as well, 
the profitability will be at a lower end in H1. Should 
we assume actually lower profitability in H1 as well of 
next financial year? 
Indraneel Dutt: We will definitely try to improve the profitability in 
coming periods. The project will taper off. So the 
impact of the project as we keep on grinding and 
executing that job will keep on progressively coming 
down. And as we execute the UP project, provided 
the fund flow starts, that is at a better profitability 
mix. And then our other projects we are picking up 

 
Page 41 of 43 
are healthier. So we would not say that. At the same 
time, it will take us some time to get behind all those 
legacy issues. So I do not see a reason to be further 
worried. At this time, I will possibly keep it at the level 
of performance in the earlier part of this financial 
year. 
Kishore Kumar: Got it, sir. My second question is on the chemicals 
margin. You actually answered it to a previous 
participant about the margin above. Now the Q3 
margins are at a lower end because of the ramp-up in 
the Roha facility. Should we assume similar margins 
for the next two, three quarters and then the ramp-
ups actually benefit the margin? 
Indraneel Dutt: I would say that there are parts of it. Right? So, the 
price impact due to the rupee depreciation, I think we 
will try to recover partly in the next quarter. We are 
also working on the mix where certain segments I 
called out earlier in the call. We are trying to see how 
we can get the improvement. With respect to Roha, 
we anticipate this current quarter to be similar 
because we are currently in the process of 
commissioning and stabilizing the plant and getting 

 
Page 42 of 43 
the product certified. So for Roha to fully give you the 
benefits of the impact of the Roha plant coming up, I 
think it will take us a couple of quarters. But beyond 
Roha, there are still a lot of products that we 
manufacture and invoice for the chemical segment. 
And we expect and our endeavor will be to try and 
get back at an operating level to the performance 
that we have shown before depreciation and interest 
expenses of Roha started hitting us from this quarter. 
Kishore Kumar: Got it, sir. Any change in the engineering segment 
guidance for this year and next year? Because we 
expected H2 to be better. Now Q3 was actually flat 
on a year-on-year basis. So Q4 execution will actually 
compensate that or it will be actually lower? 
Indraneel Dutt: So, Q4 should be better than Q3. That is what I think 
we can say right now. Next year, progressively the 
situation should improve from the average of this 
year. But again, as I said, there are still parts of the 
legacy project that we need to complete. There are 
still structural fixes we are putting in place on the 
engineering business. And as our membrane and the 
services business starts picking up, in the longer term, 

 
Page 43 of 43 
we will definitely see upward performance on the 
profitability of the engineering segment. But it is a 
work in process for us. We know the path. It is just 
about working on that execution. 
Kishore Kumar: Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that 
as our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management of Ion Exchange 
(India) Limited for closing comments. 
Nikisha Solanki: Thank you all for participating in this earnings 
conference call. I hope we have been able to answer 
your questions satisfactorily. If you have any further 
questions or would like to know more about the 
company, please reach out to our Investment 
Relations Managers at Valorem Advisors. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ion Exchange (India) Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
