 
           
 
 
 
 
 
                                         फोन/Phone: 0129-2278018 
पंजीकृत काया[लय : एनएचपीसी ऑͩ फस कॉàÜलैÈस, सैÈटर-33, फरȣदाबाद – 121003, हǐरयाणा 
Regd. Office : NHPC Office Complex, Sector – 33, Faridabad – 121003, Haryana 
CIN:L40101HR1975GOI032564; Website: www.nhpcindia.com 
E-mail : webmaster@nhpc.nic.in; EPABX No. : 0129-2588110 / 2588500 
ǒबजलȣ से संबंͬ धत ͧ शकायतɉ के ͧ लए 1912 डायल करɅ । Dial 1912 for Complaints on Electricity 
संदभ[ सं./Ref. No. NH/CS/199        
Corporate Relationship Department/ कॉपȾरेट संबंध ͪ
वभाग, 
M/s BSE Limited/ बीएसई ͧ लͧ मटेड,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers / ͩ फरोज जीजीभोय टावस[, 
Dalal Street,/दलाल èĚȣट, 
Mumbai/ मुंबई -400 001 
Scrip Code: 533098
Listing Department/ ͧ लिèटंग ͪ वभाग, 
M/s National Stock Exchange of India Limited/ नेशनल 
èटॉक एÈसचɅज ऑफ इंͫ डया ͧ लͧ मटेड,  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex/ एÈसचɅज Üलाजा, 
बांġा कुला[ कॉàÜलेÈस,  
Bandra (E)/ बांġा (ई), Mumbai/ मुंबई - 400 051 
Scrip Code: NHPC
ISIN No. INE848E01016 
Sub:  
Transcript of Conference Call for discussion on financial results for the quarter and nine months 
ended on December 31, 2025   ͪ
वषय: 
31 Ǒदसàबर, 2025 को समाÜत Ǔतमाहȣ और नौ मǑहना के ͪ वƣीय पǐरणामɉ पर चचा[ के ͧ लए कॉÛĥɅ स कॉल कȧ ĤǓतलेख 
 
   Sir/ महोदय, 
In reference to our earlier letter dated 06.02.2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, it is to inform that the transcript of the earning 
Conference call with analysts and investors held on Friday, February 06, 2026, with respect to the financial results 
of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended on December 31, 2025 is attached herewith and has also 
been made available on website of the Company at the link:  
https://www.nhpcindia.com/assests/pzi_public/gallery/17708934400.pdf . 
 
It is to confirm that no Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared in the above referred 
conference call. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
हमारे पूव[ पğ Ǒदनांक 06.02.2026 के संदभ[ मɅ और सेबी [सूचीबɮधता (ͧ लिèटंग) बाÚयताएँ और Ĥकटȣकरण अपे¢ाएँ] ͪ
वǓनयम, 2015 के ͪ वǓनयम 30 के अनुसार, यह सूͬ चत ͩ कया जाता है ͩ क 31 Ǒदसàबर, 2025 को समाÜत Ǔतमाहȣ और नौ मǑहना के ͪ
वƣीय पǐरणामɉ के संबंध मɅ शुĐवार, 06 फ़रवरȣ, 2026 को आयोिजत ͪ वæलेषकɉ और Ǔनवेशकɉ के साथ अǓनɍग कॉÛĥɅ स कॉल कȧ 
ĤǓतलेख संलÊन है और कंपनी कȧ वेबसाइट पर Ǔनàनͧ लͨ खत ͧ लंक पर उपलÞध कराई गयी है:  
https://www.nhpcindia.com/assests/pzi_public/gallery/17708934400.pdf . 
 
यह भी पुिçट कȧ जाती है ͩ क उपरोÈत संदͧ भ[त कॉÛĥɅ स कॉल मɅ कोई अĤकाͧ शत मूãय संवेदनशील जानकारȣ साझा नहȣं कȧ 
गई थी। 
यह आपकȧ जानकारȣ और ǐरकॉड[ के ͧ लए है। 
धÛयवाद। 
भवदȣय 
 
संलÊन: उपरोकतानुसार  
 
 
 (Ǿपा देब)                  
कंपनी सͬ चव 
 
RUPA 
DEB
Digitally signed 
by RUPA DEB 
Date: 
2026.02.12 
18:16:34 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
                                                  
 
 
 
“NHPC Limited Q3 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BHUPENDER GUPTA - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, NHPC LIMITED 
MR. UTTAM LAL – DIRECTOR (PERSONNEL), NHPC 
LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY KUMAR SINGH – DIRECTOR (PROJECTS), 
NHPC LIMITED 
MR. SUPRAKASH ADHIKARI – DIRECTOR 
(TECHNICAL), NHPC LIMITED 
MR. MAHESH KUMAR SHARMA – DIRECTOR 
(FINANCE), NHPC LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RUPESH SANKHE - ELARA SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Welcome to Q3 FY'26 NHPC Limited Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by Elara Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then 
“0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rupesh Sankhe from Elara Securities. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Rupesh Sankhe: 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities, we welcome you all for the 
Q3 FY'26 Conference Call of NHPC. 
I take this opportunity to welcome the Management of NHPC represented by Mr. 
Bhupender Gupta, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Uttam Lal, Director 
(Personnel); Mr. Sanjay Kumar Singh, Director (Projects); Mr. Suprakash Adhikari, 
Director (Technical) and Mr. Mahesh Kumar Sharma, Director (Finance). 
So, we will begin the call with a brief overview by the Management followed by Q&A 
session. I will now hand over the call to Mr. Bhupender Gupta sir, for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Thank you, Rupesh. Good afternoon, friends. NHPC Board has adopted Nine Months 
Financial Results for the period ended 31st December’25 in its meeting held on 4th 
February’26 and the same has already been communicated to the exchanges. By now, 
I hope that you all would have got chance to go through the quarterly and nine-monthly 
set of numbers. 
Firstly, I will touch upon major highlights of the financial results and the detailed 
growth plan of the company. Further, detailed analysis of the results shall be shared by 
our Director (Finance), Shri Mahesh Kumar Sharma ji. 
    Brief highlights are as follows:- 
 
 
During Nine Months FY'26, our Power Stations have achieved generation of 
25,849 MUs as against 22,397 MUs generated in the corresponding period of the 
previous year, which is higher by about 15% and this is mainly due to 
commissioning of our Parbati-II Power Station (800 MW) and subsequent 
increase in generation of Parbati-III Power Station, which is due to the more 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
water availability from the Parbati-II and increase in power generation in some 
of the other Power Stations. 
 
 
Our Plant Availability Factor for the Nine Months FY’26 stands at 79.27% and 
it is 3% lower than the previous period, which is mainly due to shutdown at 
Dulhasti, Salal, Chamera-I and Chamera-III Power Stations during monsoon, 
which were beyond our control. That's why there has been a decrease, but we are 
hopeful that it will be recovered during the entire financial year. 
 
 
During Nine Months FY'26, Company has earned Revenue of Rs. 8,800 Crore 
as against Rs. 8,033 Crore which is about 10% higher and Company has earned 
PAT of Rs. 2,306 Crore as against Rs. 2,153 Crore of the corresponding period, 
which is 7% higher. 
 
 I am very pleased and proud to share that we have commissioned and declared the 
commercial operation of two units of Subansiri Lower Project (2000 MW) comprising 
of 8 units of 250 MW. Third Unit is expected to be commissioned within this week 
and we will commission fourth unit and declare the COD by the end of March'26. We 
are targeting to commission all the remaining four units by December'26. So, the 
project is almost in the final stages. We have already spent around Rs. 25,691 Crore 
against the revised cost of Rs. 27,949 Crore.  
 
 NHPC has also fully commissioned 300 MW Karnisar Solar Project under CPSU 
Scheme in Bikaner and the project has become NHPC’s largest operational Solar 
Project as of now.  This shows our commitment towards the renewable energy 
expansion of the company, to have aligned with the vision of our Honorable Prime 
Minister, Shri Narendra Modi Ji.  
 
 In respect of Dibang Multipurpose Project (2880 MW), we have already awarded all 
major contracts except one, which we will be awarding this month only. All the works 
are in full swing and we hope that whatever target we have fixed for 2032, we will do 
our best and make all the efforts to achieve that target. This is a very good project for 
us, because the levelized tariff of this project is Rs. 4.46 per unit and we intend to 
complete it as early as possible. 
 
 Now, regarding Teesta-VI, which we took over from NCLT, is also going well. We 
have achieved 71% physical progress. The estimated cost of this project is Rs. 8,449 
Crore and we have already incurred expenditure of around Rs. 5,000 Crore till 
December'25. We are also expediting this project though we are facing a very big 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
geological issue in our Head Race Tunnel and because of that, slightly slow progress 
is there. However, we are going very methodological and careful, because one small 
incident can delay the project for several months. But, we are very much sure that we 
will achieve the targeted commissioning of 2029 in this project also. 
 
 The progress of Rangit-IV (120 MW) in the state of Sikkim is almost 95% as of now. 
We have completed all the electromechanical works and only HRT work is left.  Here, 
we were facing a severe geological problem. So, we have tackled it and now, we have 
left with certain lining works, where some minimum timeline is required for that. We 
are hopeful that we will complete this project and commission all the three units by 
October or November'26 which will add 120 MW to our NHPC kitty. 
 
 In respect of Ratle Hydroelectric Project (850 MW) in UT of J&K, the work is 
progressing well as we have completed the excavation of the dam pit, which is actually 
a major milestone for any hydro project and the most critical one also.  We have started 
the concreting of dam in the presence of our Honorable Power Minister Shri Manohar 
Lal Khattar Ji. The overall physical progress of the project is 26% and we are targeting 
to complete it by November'28. Considering the current status of the project, we are 
fully confident that we will not miss this deadline. 
 
 As you all know that we have a subsidiary, Chenab Valley Power Projects Limited, 
where we are constructing three projects in Chenab Basin in the UT of J&K:- 
 
 
The first project is Pakal Dul Hydroelectric Project (1000 MW), whose 
overall physical progress is around 77%. We are targeting to commission all 
the units by December'26 and considering the current pace of the progress, 
we are confident that we will achieve this target.  
 
 
Second one is Kiru HE Project (624 MW) whose overall progress is around 
77%. This project has a very attractive tariff, at around Rs. 5.68 per unit.  We 
are hopeful and very sure that we will complete this project by December'26. 
 
 
Third one under this JV subsidiary company is Kwar HE Project (540 MW) 
in the Chenab Basin. Its physical progress is around 27% and the targeted date 
of completion for this project is March'28 and the way we are getting progress 
every month, we are sure that we will achieve this target. This project also 
has a very attractive tariff, at around Rs. 4.44 per unit and we are just targeting 
to complete this as scheduled. 
 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 Apart from this, NHPC has 3-4 new projects, which we are going to start very soon, 
namely, Uri-I Stage-II Project (240 MW), Dulhasti Stage-II (260 MW), Sawalkot 
(1856 MW), Subansiri Upper (1605 MW), Etalin (3097 MW) which is currently the 
largest hydro power project of India and Kamala (1720 MW). These are at the different 
stages of clearances and approvals. I want to assure all of you that we are going to 
start these projects during 2026. Some of them will be commenced in the 1st quarter 
of FY'27 while others may begin in 2nd and 3rd quarter of FY'27. In total, we are 
planning to start 5-6 projects this year itself, comprising around 10,000 MW of 
capacity. 
 
 Regarding 1,000 MW Solar Power Projects allocated to NHPC under the CPSU 
Scheme, we have already commissioned 300 MW, as shared earlier. The remaining 
100 MW in Andhra Pradesh and 600 MW in Gujarat are expected to be commissioned 
by June’26 and December’26 respectively. Additionally, 200 MW Grid-Connected 
Solar Power Project at GSEC’s Park in Khavda (Stage-III) is progressing well and we 
are expecting to complete it by March’26. So, I believe that during this calendar year 
alone, we will be commissioning more than 1000 MW of solar power, which will 
further add to NHPC’s total capacity.  
 
 NHPC is also exploring the possibility of Pumped Storage Plants (PSPs) in various 
states, including Andhra Pradesh, Odisha, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat, 
Punjab, Rajasthan and Maharashtra. The Detailed Project Reports (DPRs) are 
currently under process. Some of these Pumped Storage Plants seem very attractive 
and the DPRs are at different stages as of now. We are planning to start construction 
of at least two projects during this calendar year, which will add around 2000 MW or 
more, comprising 2–3 PSPs.  
 
 So I think, these are the highlights and growth plan of NHPC which we are looking 
forward to. From what I see, that we have a very bright future, considering the 
emphasis on the clean and RE power. Our plan is to expand our solar power business 
also and for that, we are in discussion with various stakeholders. We are hopeful that 
we will be coming out with more solar projects in future, in addition to the hydro and 
the pump storage, which I just discussed about.  
 
This is all from my side. Now, I request our Director (Finance) – Shri Mahesh Sharma 
ji, to give the brief idea about our financial results, which all the investors must have 
already gone through. Thank you everyone. Thank you so much. 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Good afternoon, friends. I am going to share with you reasons for major variations in 
line items reported in the results for quarter and Nine Months ended 31st December'25. 
 
For Nine Months FY'26, Company has earned Revenue from Operations of Rs. 8,800 
Crore as against Rs. 8,033 Crore in the corresponding previous period, which is about 
10% higher i.e. by Rs. 767 Crore.  The increase in revenue is mainly due to higher 
generation on account of commissioning of Parbati-II Power Station. 
 
During Q3 FY'26, Company has earned Revenue from Operations of Rs. 2,221 Crore 
as against Rs. 2,287 Crore in the corresponding previous period, which is about 3% 
lower i.e. by Rs. 66 Crore. The decrease in revenue is mainly due to decrease in sales 
pertaining to previous years on account of Pay Anomaly and Interest on Arbitration 
accounted in previous corresponding quarter to the extent of Rs. 500 Crore approx. 
 
 
Other Income for Nine Months FY'26 is of the order of Rs. 766 Crore in comparison 
to Rs. 1,024 Crore during the corresponding previous period, which is about 25% lower 
i.e. by Rs. 258 Crore. This is mainly due to decrease in Realization of Business 
Interruption Loss against insurance claim by Rs. 352 Crore, mainly related to Teesta-
V Power Station (Current period -Nil and Previous Period Rs. 352 Crore), decrease in 
Provision not required written back by Rs. 108 Crore, mainly related to Bursar Project. 
This decrease is offset by increase in Income from Insurance Claim by Rs. 251 Crore, 
mainly in respect of Teesta-V Power Station (Rs. 132 Crore) and Parbati-II Power 
Station (Rs. 121 Crore). 
 
Other Income for Q3 FY'26 is of the order of Rs. 272 Crore in comparison to Rs. 330 
Crore during the corresponding previous period, which is about 18% lower i.e. by Rs. 
58 Crore. This is mainly due to decrease in Realization of Business Interruption Loss 
against insurance claim by Rs. 160 Crore, mainly related to Teesta-V Power Station. 
(Current period NIL and previous period Rs. 160 Crore), which is partly offset by 
increase in Income from Insurance Claim by Rs. 124 Crore, mainly in respect of 
Parbati-II Power Station. 
 
 
During Nine Months FY'26, the Employee Cost has come down from Rs. 1,402 Crore 
to Rs. 1,096 Crore, means by Rs. 306 Crore, which is mainly due to decrease in 
Employee Remuneration Pay Anomaly by Rs. 363 Crore, which is offset by increase 
due to increment, DA and other factors. 
 
During Q3 FY26, the Employee Cost has come down from Rs. 687 Crore to Rs. 346 
Crore, means by Rs. 341 Crore, which is mainly due to the reasons I just mentioned. 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
During Nine Months FY'26, there has been decrease in Finance Cost from Rs. 1,201 
Crore to Rs.  849 Crore, means by Rs. 352 Crore, which is mainly due to decrease in 
Interest on Arbitration and Court cases by Rs. 894 Crore, which is offset by increase in 
Interest on bonds, term loans, etc. by Rs. 518 Crore, related to Parbati-II, Subansiri 
Lower and Karnisar Solar Power Station, charged to Profit and Loss Account since 
their commissioning. 
 
During Q3 FY'26, there has been decrease in Finance Cost from Rs. 649 Crore to Rs. 
310 Crore, means by Rs. 339 Crore, which is mainly due to decrease in Interest on 
Arbitration and Court cases by Rs. 557 Crore, which is offset by increase in Interest on 
bonds, term loans, etc. by Rs. 175 Crore, mainly related to Parbati-II, Subansri Lower 
and Karnisar Solar Power Station, charged to Profit and Loss Account since their 
commissioning. 
 
 
During Nine Months FY'26, the Depreciation and Amortization Expenses have gone 
up from Rs. 878 Crore to Rs. 1,334 Crore means by Rs. 456 Crore, which is mainly 
due to Depreciation and Amortization in respect of Power Station commissioned during 
FY'26. 
 
During Q3 FY'26, the Depreciation and Amortization Expenses have gone up from Rs.  
297 Crore to Rs. 457 Crore, means by Rs. 160 Crore, which is mainly due to 
Depreciation and Amortization in respect of power stations commissioned during 
FY'26. 
 
 
During Nine Months FY'26, Other Expenses have gone up from Rs. 1,499 Crore to Rs. 
2,946 Crore, means by Rs. 1,447 Crore, which is mainly due to increase in General 
Network Access Charges by Rs. 781 Crore, increase in Insurance Expenses by Rs. 323 
Crore, and increase in R&M Expenses by Rs. 71 Crore etc. 
 
During Q3 FY'26, Other Expenses have gone up from Rs. 481 Crore to Rs. 1,537 Crore, 
means by Rs. 1,056 Crore, which is mainly due to increase in G&A charges by Rs. 781 
Crore, increase in Insurance Expenses by Rs. 121 Crore and increase in R&M Expenses 
by Rs. 28 Crore. 
 
 
During Nine Months FY'26, Tax Expenses have gone up from Rs. 1108 Crore to Rs. 
1496 Crore, means by Rs. 388 Crore, due to Deferred Tax Adjustments and recognition 
of MAT Credit. 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
  
During Q3 FY26, Tax Expenses have gone up from Rs. 104 Crore to Rs. 573 Crore, 
means by Rs. 469 Crore, due to Deferred Tax Adjustments and recognition of MAT 
Credit.  
 
 
During Nine Months FY'26, the Incentives positions are as under:- 
Secondary Energy for Nine Months FY'26 is Rs. 461 Crore as against corresponding 
previous period of Rs. 422 Crore. PAF based Incentive is Rs. 52 Crore during Nine 
Months FY'26 as against Rs. 52 Crore during corresponding previous period. So, PAF 
based Incentives are flat. Deviation charges are Rs. 34 Crore in Nine Months FY'26 as 
against Rs. 41 Crore in Nine Months FY'25. So, total Incentives amounting to Rs. 547 
Crore as against Rs. 515 Crore in the corresponding previous period. 
 
 
During Q3 FY'26, the Incentives positions are as under:-  
Secondary Energy for Q3 FY'26 is Rs. 230 Crore as against Rs. 110 Crore in the 
corresponding previous period. PAF based Incentive is Rs. 39 Crore in Q3 FY'26 as 
against Rs. 35 Crore in Q3 FY'25. Deviation charges are Rs. 13 Crore in Q3 FY'26 as 
against Rs. 14 Crore in Q3 FY'25. So, total Incentives during Q3 FY'26 Rs. 282 Crore 
as against Rs. 159 Crore in the corresponding previous quarter. 
 
 
CAPEX during Nine Months FY'26 is Rs. 8,844 Crore as against Rs. 7,405 Crore in 
the corresponding period of previous year on consolidated basis. 
This is all from my side. Now the forum is open for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Ragini Pande from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ragini Pandey: 
Thank you for taking my question. So, I just want to know your CAPEX guidance for 
FY'27 and FY'28 and if you can just repeat the CAPEX that you have incurred for 
FY'26? 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: CAPEX for Nine Months FY'26 is Rs. 8,844 Crore as against Rs. 7,405 Crore in the 
corresponding period of previous year on consolidated basis. 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
The CAPEX plan for the current fiscal year is Rs. 13,300 Crore and next year, we are 
planning to spend Rs. 15,000 Crore. Thereafter, on an average, our annual CAPEX 
will be in the range of Rs. 12,000 to 13,000 Crore. 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Ragini Pandey: 
Thank you, sir. Now, while you told about the project pipeline for future years, can 
you just tell the total capacity addition which you intend to do for FY'27 and FY'28 
bifurcated between hydro and renewable and for the current year as well? Just the total 
capacity addition number. 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
In the current year, we have already added 1350 MW till December’25. In February’26, 
we have added one more unit of Subansiri (250 MW) and two more units are also going 
to be added. So, by the end of March’26, we are going to add additional capacity of 
2100 MW. Next year, our capacity addition will be 2744 MW from hydro. 
Ragini Pandey: 
Okay and on the renewables? 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
Renewable as CMD sir has shared with you that currently our solar capacity under 
construction is 1,190 MW and most of the solar capacity, we are planning to add by 
end of next financial year. 
Ragini Pandey: 
Yes, okay. Thank you. On the generation front, in Q3 FY'26, I can see that the 
generation is increased by 23%, but for Q3 on the revenue, I can see a decline of 3%. 
So, any reason for this deviation? 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
Yes, as DF sir has already shared with you while sharing the variance in the line item 
that during Q3 of the corresponding period, we had a one-off revenue to the extent of 
Rs. 500 Crore, on account of pay anomalies and interest on arbitration. So, if you 
exclude Rs. 500 Crore from the previous year, then you will find that our Revenue is 
higher than the corresponding period. 
Ragini Pandey: 
Okay and sir, any under-recoveries you have currently? 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
No, not at all. We are going fine with normative ones. 
Ragini Pandey: 
And on the secondary energy front, I can see that the secondary energy incentive has 
almost doubled. Can you just throw some light on the reasons for this? 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
Yes, this is due to better generation by our subsidiary, NHDC. The design energy of 
NHDC has already been achieved. So, whatever incremental generation we are getting, 
we are accounting as secondary energy. So, there is increase of Rs. 123 Crore in our 
quarterly total incentive. 
Ragini Pandey: 
Lastly, on the pump storage projects front,  I just wanted to know what is the project 
pipeline and when can we see the construction begin and when can we expect the first 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
commissioning to take place? Also, on the cost economics front, what kind of a 
CAPEX you foresee for these projects and what is the realization of the revenue 
potential for these projects? 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
I think CMD sir may like to answer this question. 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Yes, Saroj. Ragini, I told earlier also, most of the PSP projects are under DPR stage as 
of now and as you rightly said, we need to have viable projects only. So, we are looking 
at viable projects. As per the preliminary analysis we have done based on the PFR, 
Omkareshwar PSP in Madhya Pradesh (640 MW) seems to be attractive one. Then 
there is Savitri PSP, Kalu PSP in Maharashtra and one project in Odisha also, which is 
Masinta (1,000 MW). So, total capacity of these projects comes out to be around 5500-
6000 MW. Once the DPR is finalized, we need to get approval of the Central Electricity 
Authority also on both the fronts, technical feasibility as well as financial viability. So, 
we are planning to start at least two projects of around 2,000 MW out of these four 
during this calendar year and I am 100% sure whatever projects we will start, they will 
be very attractive one with generation cost of around Rs. 4.50/- per unit and total cost 
including pump, that will be around Rs. 7.00/- per unit. Considering the requirement 
of the storage which is mainly from two sources only, either battery energy storage or 
pump storage plants only. So, considering this addition of solar in the grid, we 
definitely require the storage power and I think whatever we generate, I am 100% sure 
that we will be very easily able to sell that with beneficiaries who have a solar power 
in their portfolio. 
Ragini Pandey: 
Thank you, sir. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Murtuza Arsiwalla from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Hi, sir. I just want to check we commissioned Parbati in this year and Subansiri a 
couple of units as well. Are we accounting for the revenues based on the revised cost? 
Or there is some under-accounting of revenues till we get a formal order for the revised 
cost approval? So, is there some under-recovery because of which we are not seeing 
the full benefits in the earnings? That is the first one. Second, during the quarter, there 
were certain transmission charges associated with Subansiri which are recoverable, 
which were accounted. We want to know if that is for the entire 2,000 MW or it's only 
for the units which have been commissioned and so you would have more such sort of 
transmission charges which should come. 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
Yes. Mr. Murtuza, coming back to your first question regarding revenue recognition 
in Parbati-II, we have already filed tariff petition based on the revised cost of Parbati-
II, Rs. 13,600 Crore and based on that, whatever estimated tariff we have envisaged, 
we have been accounting 80% of that as revenue in our Q1, Q2 and Q3 accounts. Now, 
for example, till December’25 for 9 months, we have already accounted Rs. 900 Crore 
revenue from Parbati-II which is 80% of the estimated revenue. If you gross up it, you 
will arrive at Rs. 1,125 Crore. So, almost Rs. 225 Crore has not been considered as 
revenue and that will be accounted after the tariff notification by CERC. So, that is the 
accounting treatment we are giving to Parbati-II generation and revenue. Am I clear? 
Anything related to Parbati-II? 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Absolutely. So, should we just, if we want to annualize that Parbati, should it be like a 
Rs. 1,200 Crore number or given the seasonality in generation, that number would be 
sort of lower for the 4th Quarter? 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
Yes, absolutely. Now, we have already received the interim order for Parbati-II. So, 
we will continue to account 80% of the revenue till the final tariff notification by CERC 
in respect of Parbati-II and that accounting treatment would be even continued in Q4 
also. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Okay and has similar treatment in the case of Subansiri, could you give us what 
Subansiri would look like in 80 versus 100? 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
Yes, same treatment, same policy in case of Subansiri also. We will be filing tariff 
petition in respect of Subansiri, likely to be in the first week of March’26 and then 80% 
of the estimated revenue will be accounted till the final notification by CERC. So, we 
will be taking same policy in case of SLP also. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
So, would it be fair to say that because 20% is a fairly large amount set aside when one 
considers the equity contribution, that till you get the final order, while it's not a drag 
on earnings, it's not actually contributing to profit, because 20% of revenue is where 
the profit of Parbati and Subansiri would lie? 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
In that sense, you are absolutely right, because we will be taking 100% expenses and 
80% of the revenue. So, our profit will not be reflected in true manner. But fact remains 
that, this is the practice, because being conservative in accounting, we never take 100% 
of the revenue, as CERC is the final authority. And once they notify the tariff for any 
project, then only we should consider 100% revenue for that. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Sure. Any visibility we have when the final tariff order will be approved by CERC? 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
For Parbati-II, we are expecting within 5 to 6 months. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Okay. And Subansiri? 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
For Subansiri, we are going to file tariff petition by first week of March. So, interim 
tariff will be expecting very soon, maybe within 2 months. And then final tariff petition 
based on the final commissioning of the Subansiri. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Which will be when the last unit gets commissioned. Then you will file the final tariff 
petition and then depending on how much time the regulator takes, accordingly, you 
will get better recovery? 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
Absolutely. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Okay. Any reason to believe, given that these projects are high tariff and substantially 
delayed, that the regulator may ask you to consider some concessions, that, okay, 
instead of 80% you account for 90% right now and we will reduce some amount of a 
back-ended revenue and profile in these projects? 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
Yes. So, 90% of the revenue is one way to consider it. As I told you that Parbati-II and 
Subansiri both have taken exceptional time in commissioning. 20-25 years kind of 
timeline has been there. So, we are just taking conservative view. Let CERC decide 
the final tariff and accordingly, that amount is going to our P&L sooner or later. So, it 
is just timing difference, Mr. Murtuzaji. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Sure. And just on the second one, which is on that tariff charge raised into Subansiri, 
which is again a recoverable, just getting a sense that Rs. 800 Crore number is for the 
entire 2,000 MW or as more capacities get commissioned, you will recognize the 
remaining also? 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
Power Grid had commissioned its assets in March’23 and March’24. So, from that 
date, whatever Rs. 781 Crore has been calculated, that is up to December’25. Now, in 
incremental order, we are going to add our unit one by one. So, that amount would be 
decreasing as by March, we are going to add four units. So, ATC will be on balance 
four units. So, in decremental order, it would be coming. But Rs. 781 Crore is not the 
final figure. Some amount will come from ATC in next financial also, but not to that 
extent. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Sure. Thank you so much for the clarity on these two issues. Thank you. 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
Our pleasure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Kshirsagar from Unived 
Corporate Research Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: 
I just wanted to ask about Subansiri Lower Hydroelectric Project. What is the levelized 
tariff finalized for? 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
So, considering Rs. 28,000 Crore of CAPEX, the levelized tariff is around Rs. 7.50/- 
per unit. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: 
And will you be able to pass it on to the states or how, because they will be slightly 
reluctant to absorb. Or you will be getting some concessions from the Government in 
terms of period of the project? 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
Prashantji, you have been tracking NHPC for more than 15 years and we are in regular 
touch. So, you have seen what the reasons for the delay in Subansiri Lower were. All 
these delays were beyond the control of the management and CERC is very much clear 
in their regulation that any cost overrun beyond the control of the management shall 
be part of the capital cost for tariff determination. So, we are very much sure that 
whatever tariff and whatever cost we are going with to CERC, they will consider 
definitely. Our Director (Finance) also wants to add something in this regard. 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Yes, as far as PPAs are concerned, all the PPAs are in place. So, we don't find any 
problem because once CERC determines the tariff, we will be getting all the tariff 
determined by CERC. So, we don't find any issue as of now as far as this tariff 
acceptance by the beneficiaries is concerned. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: 
But sir, do you think CERC will go for Rs. 7.50/- or they will slightly give you some 
concessions? 
Mahesh Kumar Sharma: Yes, I got your point. CERC goes as per CERC regulations and in the regulations, it is 
clearly defined that whenever any expenditure has been incurred, which is beyond the 
control of the company, in that case, it is allowed by the regulator. So, in this case, all 
the instances as Mr. Saroj has explained, are beyond the control of the company. So, 
in all probability, CERC is going to allow that. We are pretty much sure about it. The 
petition which we are going to file, we are going to put up these facts very strongly so 
that there are very less chances of any sort of disallowance of any expenditure from 
CERC side. We are confident about it and we will take up the tariff petition very 
strongly. 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Bhupender Gupta: 
I think Mr. Saroj and Director (Finance) have already explained the things regarding 
the high tariff. We all know that the reasons which were beyond the control of the 
management as well as the company for which the project stalled almost for 9 years 
and that fact is known to all the stakeholders including CERC also. As per the PPA, all 
the beneficiaries are already honoring that. Considering the power for 25 years, Rs. 
7.50/- is not a very high tariff. It is a peaking power as well as the clean power. We 
had discussions internally as well as with other stakeholders and we do not foresee any 
deduction from the CERC side on the cost which we have incurred or which we have 
projected in our petition. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: 
Okay, sir. Second question is on the Dibang Hydroelectric Project. In the opening 
remarks, sir, you said that one tender is pending. So, it is regarding which contract 
because in the earlier conference call, they had said about the dam tender was pending. 
So, can you help us with that? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Dam tender is pending but just want to share a good news. Today only, we opened the 
price bid and we are going to award this contract within this month only. With this, all 
the contracts will stand awarded and I am hopeful that the way the project is 
progressing, we are not looking back. The dam package which you were talking about 
was there in the last call. The same is in this call also which I just told you but today 
only, we opened the bids and during this month, we will award that also. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: 
So, this month you will be awarding that. Okay and just for the information, sir, how 
many players have bided for this dam? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Four bidders were there in this. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: 
Four players, okay and the third question is about the Etalin Hydroelectric Project. You 
have been assigned the project from SJVN by the Power Ministry. So, just wanted to 
ask you whether this project will come in your balance sheet or it will remain in the 
SJVN's balance sheet, what is the understanding now? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
No, now this will be in the balance sheet of NHPC only. Due to some reasons like the 
size of the project and also our presence in the Dibang Valley already as this is in the 
Dibang Basin only, Ministry of Power decided that we can handle this in a much better 
manner. That was the only reason. So, now this will remain in the balance sheet of 
NHPC only. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: 
And regarding the expenditure made by SJVN, you will be reimbursing them or is it 
like? 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Bhupender Gupta: 
No, we will be reimbursing them based on their balance sheet because that is also a 
Navratna PSU and so, we will be definitely reimbursing that amount whatever they 
have incurred and main expenditure on the plant is basically of the land procurement 
only. That is the main expenditure on this project as of now. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: 
Okay. Sir, the other questions on the projects of Kamala and Upper Subansiri, the land 
acquisition has been done or is it in the process now? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
For Kamala, we are in very advanced stages and the property survey and everything 
has already happened and now, only the award has to come from the district 
administration. But due to some Panchayat election, it got slightly delayed. But now, 
we are expecting this award anytime for Kamala, which we call Middle Subansiri also 
(1720MW).  I just want to share with you that the PIB has already cleared this project. 
So, I hope that by the end of March, we will be having all the clearances including the 
land part also and we will be awarding the contract in April or May and start the 
construction accordingly. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: 
And so, you expect it to start in FY'27 by any chance? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Yes. After April, it can be started anytime because we have already tendered out one 
package for Kamala and I told you that PIB is already cleared. Some of our 
Environment Clearance, Forest Clearances and the Land Acquisition are in the last 
stage of approval. So, I am expecting that we will get all the approvals and clearances 
by the end of March and from May or maximum June onwards depending upon 
tenders. Sometimes, tenders get delayed due to one or the other reason of the bidders. 
If it doesn't happen, then I think we may conclude the tendering process of at least one 
package by April itself. So, from May onwards, the construction may get start in the 
Kamala Project.  
Upper Subansiri, you just talked about, I think there may be a gap of around 4 to 5 
months between the Middle Subansiri (Kamala) and Upper Subansiri. There also, we 
have property surveys going on and we are in advanced stage of Forest Clearance. We 
may get Environment Clearance also by April or May. So, there will be a gap of 4 to 5 
months between Middle Subansiri and Upper Subansiri for construction start. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: 
And for Etalin, when should one expect FY'27 or FY'28? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
We will start the construction of Etalin from July or August. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: 
From 2026? 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Because everything is in place. Environment Clearance (EC) is in place, Forest 
Clearance (FC) is in place and almost 90% land acquisition has been done. Only 10% 
is remaining. Now, only 2-3 days back, Honorable CM along with the Cabinet had a 
meeting there in Etalin. Some small issues which we are just facing at site, those will 
be resolved very soon and I am expecting that we may start the construction of Etalin 
also by June or July. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: 
Okay, sir. And last question is regarding the terrain. Sir, you had experienced terrain, 
geological issues and various issues in Lower Subansiri. So, in case of Upper Subansiri 
and Middle Subansiri, that's Kamala, you expect that sort of hindrance to the project 
or it will be smooth kind of thing? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
No, terrain is definitely very good there and better than Lower Subansiri. So, we don't 
expect much of issue which we faced in Lower Subansiri because the geological 
conditions are much better in these projects including Etalin also. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: 
Also in the Dibang Valley also, you feel the terrain is much better than? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Dibang is much better. Now, I just want to tell you, in the powerhouse, which is 
underground cavern basically, we are progressing very well and we are in very 
advanced stage of excavation, which is a major critical component of any hydro 
project. Also the diversion tunnel portion, there are six diversion tunnels and we are 
almost at the fag end of completing those diversion tunnels. So, it shows itself that the 
geology is much better. Now the dam package will also be awarded, so once we start 
that, then definitely we will come to the exact geology of the dam. But as per our 
investigation and geological surveys, the geology is very good in that area and we don't 
foresee any issue or any delays because of these accounts. You can understand that we 
can never avoid any surprise. But as per our investigation, we don't foresee much 
surprises in that area. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rupesh Sankhe from Elara Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rupesh Sankhe: 
Sir, do you have Adjusted PAT number for Q3? 
Saroj Kumar Roy: 
Yes, Rupesh. So, while arriving at Adjusted PAT, you have to add just Rs. 116 Crore 
loss given by Parbati-II. So, whatever reported number of PAT of Q3 is there, you just 
add Rs. 116 Crore, you will arrive at Adjusted PAT because there is no any exceptional 
or one-off item in this quarter. 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Rupesh Sankhe: 
Okay. The second question is, Sir, as a nodal agency, we have many projects on the 
solar side where PPA and PSA are yet to be signed. So, how is the progress there? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Regarding this REIA, I think you are talking about. 
Rupesh Sankhe: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Bhupender Gupta: 
So, in that case, you know that the demand has slightly dried down in the RE sector 
across the India in fact. All the REIAs are trying their best to do the PPAs. But recently 
we got a very good response for our 2-3 recently awarded renewable energy contract, 
which is mainly FDRE. And for wind also, we are getting a very good response. We 
got a mandate of 1,200 MW from Punjab. We got almost 15 bidders in that. As you 
know that we have almost bid out around 20,000 MW. And out of that, we have done 
the PPA only for 6,000 MW as of now. So, recently, all the RE developers have done 
2 or 3 rounds of meetings with MNRE, Ministry of Power. One meeting was chaired 
by Honorable Power Minister as well as Honorable MNRE Minister and they have told 
their issues in that forum. Some of them are definitely resolvable and they were sure 
to come out positively how we expedite the PPAs or PSAs to be signed as early as 
possible. But ultimately, this has to be signed by the ultimate user or beneficiaries and 
those are the distribution companies. So, there is some mismatch of adequacy plan, as 
well as the demand, as well as the power which is available as of now. Majorly 2-3 
hindrances are there for PPAs. One is the connectivity issue, because connectivity 
which are now available are coming in 2029-30. So, Discoms are slightly hesitant to 
sign the PPA when the power will be available after 2-3 years and there is a source of 
power. Discoms are now planning that they will not sign the PPA for like standalone 
solar. And they want that solar with the battery or some other alternative like solar plus 
wind plus battery, because they want now 24-hour round the clock (RTC) supply or 
they want assured peak. So, because of this now change in requirement, some of the 
PPAs are definitely getting stuck up. But I am still hopeful that in next 2 to 3 months, 
we may sign PPA of around 2,000 to 3,000 MW also. 
Rupesh Sankhe: 
Yes. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. And now, I 
would like to hand over the conference to the management for closing comments. 
Bhupender Gupta: 
I think we really had a very good conversation with our friends and I really appreciate 
the queries which they have raised because whenever we had conversation, we learn a 
lot from our stakeholders, what are the short comings we have and how to fulfill those 
shortcomings. So, I really thank Elara Securities as well as all querists who have joined 

 
NHPC Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
through this call. I really thank all of you and I assure everyone that NHPC has a bright 
future in terms of completion of the project which are under construction, in terms of 
expansion, the new projects which are coming up, whether these are in hydro sector, 
whether these are in pump storage sector, whether these are in RE sector. We are trying 
to see how we can have some inorganic or organic growth, whatever possible. So, that 
also we are working upon and I assure everyone that our results of this entire 12 months 
will be very good and we will have a much better year this year. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
