 
 
February 9, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543904 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: MANKIND 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Subject: Investor Conference Call for Q3 & 9M FY26 – Transcript 
 
Ref.:     Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations   
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of 
the Investor Conference Call for Q3 & 9M FY26 held on Tuesday, February 3, 2026 at 06:00 
P.M. (IST).  
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.mankindpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/02/Q3FY26-Earnings-Call-
Transcript.pdf 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
 
 
Hitesh Kumar Jain 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: A/a 
 
HITESH 
KUMAR JAIN
Digitally signed by 
HITESH KUMAR JAIN 
Date: 2026.02.09 
13:30:46 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
“Mankind Pharma Limited 
Q3 and 9 Month FY'26 Results Conference Call” 
February 03, 2026 
 
  
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV JUNEJA – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. SHEETAL ARORA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR  
 
MR. SUDIPTA ROY – SENIOR PRESIDENT, SALES AND 
MARKETING  
 
MR. ARJUN JUNEJA – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
 
MR. ASHUTOSH DHAWAN – GLOBAL CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER  
 
MR. PRAKASH AGARWAL – PRESIDENT STRATEGY 
 
MR. ABHISHEK AGARWAL – HEAD IR AND AVP - 
STRATEGY  
 
 
 
 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Mankind Pharma Q3 and 9 Month '26 
Results Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Agarwal, Head Investor Relations, and AVP 
Strategy at Mankind Pharma. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Thanks, Dorwin. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter and 9 months '26 
Earnings Call. On the call today, we have Mr. Rajeev Juneja, our Vice Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Sheetal Arora, Chief Executive Officer and Whole-time Director; Mr. Arjun 
Juneja, Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Sudipta Roy, Senior President, Sales and Marketing; Mr. 
Ashutosh Dhawan, Global Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Prakash Agarwal, President, 
Strategy. 
 
We will begin with Rajeev Juneja's providing quarterly overview followed by business insights 
shared by Mr. Sheetal Arora. Mr. Ashutosh Dhawan will then share the detailed financial 
performance. And after which, we will move to the Q&A. 
 
Please note that this call may include forward-looking statements that represent management's 
current expectations. These are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results to differ 
materially. Mankind has no obligation to update or revise these statements going forward. For a 
detailed disclaimer, please refer to our investor presentation uploaded on our website. 
 
Now I hand it over to Rajeev sir for his comments. Over to you, Rajeev, sir. 
Rajeev Juneja: 
Yes. Thank you, Abhishek, and a very good evening to all. Welcome to quarter 3, 9 months '26 
Earnings Call. In quarter 3, our overall revenue increased by 11.5% year-on-year to INR3,567 
crores with the adjusted EBITDA margin of 25.9%. 
 
In 9 months, FY'26 revenue increased by 18.7% year-on-year to INR10,835 crores with adjusted 
EBITDA margin of 24.9%. The past few months have been pivotal for the company as the 
disruptive changes undertaken have led to meaningful improvement in our workforce stability 
and teams gradually gaining maturity and confidence. 
 
Simultaneously, we sharpened our focus on optimizing brand portfolio, reinforcing our presence 
in core markets with an improved emphasis on key therapies and expanding our corporate 
hospitals penetration. These actions are now translating into trends of gradual recovery. 
 
In quarter 3, our Domestic business recorded a year-on-year growth of 11.1%, supported by 
improving volume growth in Mankind's Domestic pharma business, continued strong 
momentum in the chronic performance and strong growth from BSV domestic portfolio. 
 
Mankind's overall PCPM has also improved to INR7.2 lakhs as on December 31, '25 from 
INR6.5 lakh as of March 31, 2025 on a trailing 12-month basis.  

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Further, our secondary sales during the quarter grew by 8.5% year-on-year. We continue to do 
well in our focus area of chronic therapies as we witnessed strong growth of 16.7% in cardio 
and 14.4% in antidiabetes in quarter 3. 
 
In 9 months financial year '26, our chronic contribution increased by 200 bps year-on-year to 
36.7% versus 34.7% last year, primary led by continued outperformance of 1.2x vs IPM ex GLP-
1. We outperformed IPM by 1.2x in cardio and 2.2x in antidiabetic ex GLP-1. 
 
While acute segments remained softer in quarter 3, we expect gradual recovery from coming 
quarters, driven by strategic initiatives undertaken in the last few quarters. Our focus on building 
scale and maximizing reach translated into strong brand performance during MAT December 
'25. 
 
One of the chronic brand, Glizid, which we acquired from Panacea in 2022 is now an INR200 
crores-plus brand family, growing at a CAGR of 30%+. In total, 4 brand families crossed an 
important revenue milestone as the count of INR200-plus crores brands increased from 11 in 
financial year '25 to 13 and INR50 crores brands have also increased from 49 in '25 to 51 in 
MAT December '25. 
 
In parallel, our digital transformation initiatives are shaping a new age organization driven by 
enhancing agility and efficiency. These efforts, combined with improving trends across the 
businesses, strengthen our position to deliver sustainable long-term growth. 
 
I now invite Sheetal to provide more details on our business performance. 
Sheetal Arora: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. It's a pleasure to welcome you to 
our quarter 3 and 9 months financial year '26 earnings call. Let me begin with an update on our 
domestic business, which continues to show steady and healthy momentum. 
 
In quarter 3 financial year '26, our domestic revenue grew 11.1% year-on-year to INR3,046 
crores, supported by strong organic growth of 9.1%, excluding OTC. For the first 9 months of 
financial year '26, Domestic revenues increased 14.8% to INR9,331 crores, with an organic 
growth of 8.2%, excluding OTC. 
 
I am particularly encouraged by the strong traction in our new launches during this quarter. Our 
inhaler portfolio, including Symbicort and Combihale continue to grow at 30%, delivering 1.3 
times the growth of the IPM. 
 
In gastro, Vonalong recorded an impressive 86% year-on-year growth significantly 
outperforming the IPM growth of 54% and achieved the Number 1 rank in 9-month financial 
year '26. In cardio, Crenzlo has emerged as the Number 1 brand in the branded generics category 
with strong 92% year-on-year growth. 
 
During the year so far, we have introduced niche chronic therapies, including AdvaUD for 
chronic liver disorders, HER2-P, a pertuzumab-based biosimilar and 2 products in Neuro/CNS 
segment, AGPTOY and Cereira. All these brands are seeing encouraging early traction. 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
Moving to our OTC business, performance improved sequentially during the quarter. OTC 
revenue grew 5.2% year-on-year in quarter 3 compared to the decline in quarter 2. For 9 months 
financial year '26, OTC revenues increased 5.6% despite some softness in the general trade 
channel, which we expect to improve in the coming quarters. 
 
Our key OTC brands continue to perform well at the consumer level. Secondary sales of Gas-
O-Fast, Manforce and Ova News grew 33%, 8% and 36%, respectively, during quarter 3. 
Modern trade and e-commerce channels registered over 40% growth, increasing their 
contribution to 13% of OTC sales, up from 10% last year. 
 
Coming to our international business, Export revenues grew 14% year-on-year to INR521 crores 
in quarter 3 this year. For 9 months financial year '26, exports increased 51% to INR1,503 crores. 
As part of our ongoing commitment to global quality standards our Udaipur facility has received 
EU GMP certification, further strengthening our international capabilities. 
 
Turning to the BSV business. The portfolio delivered double-digit growth in quarter 3, driven 
by strong performance across both domestic specialty and exports. The restructured prescription 
portfolio which transitioned to Mankind effective 1st of November 2025 has performed really 
well. And for the 9-month financial year '26, the BSV prescription business has already 
surpassed financial year '25 sales. As we move forward, our focus remains firmly on disciplined 
execution and sustainable growth. 
 
The corrective actions we have taken are strengthening our foundation, and we expect their 
impact to become increasingly visible in the coming quarters over the next few years. With clear 
strategic priorities and the strong portfolio, we remain confident in our ability to create long-
term value for our investors. 
 
With that, I will now hand over to Ashutosh ji, who will take you through the financial 
performance in detail. Thank you so much. 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
Thank you, Sheetal ji, and good evening, everyone. I'm delighted to have you all with us on our 
Q3 and 9 months '26 Earnings Call. As you are aware that the BSV acquisition got completed 
in Q3 '25 last year, therefore, this quarter will have comparative figures, including BSV, 
however, the same is on a partial basis as BSV was consolidated for 69 days in Q3 '25 last year 
as compared to full quarter in Q3 '26. Accordingly, the gap between organic and inorganic has 
reduced significantly in this quarter, and from the next quarter, same will get normalized.  
Let me give you a brief of the financial highlights of our quarterly performance for quarter 3 '26.  
Our revenue from operations during quarter 3 '26 has increased by 11.5% year-on-year basis to 
INR3,567 crores as compared to INR3,199 crores in Q3 FY'25. This is driven by 11.1% growth 
in Domestic business and 14.1% growth in the export business year-on-year basis. Our gross 
margins for the quarter has increased by 170 basis point year-on-year basis to 72.6% from 70.9% 
in Q3 '25. 
 
This increase is a combination of sales price increase effect, favorable sales mix and release of 
certain inventory-related accruals, which we made in Q1 '26 as we were able to liquidate some 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 5 of 18 
 
of the slow and non-moving stocks during the current quarter. However, on a YTD basis, the 
gross margin for the 9 months '26 stands at 71.4% in line with the gross margin for the 9 months 
'25. 
 
Our adjusted EBITDA margin for the quarter is 25.9% as compared to 27.6% in Q3 '25. This 
decline of 170 basis points is largely attributable to increase in R&D cost by 70 basis points, and 
the balance is due to higher employee costs. Accordingly, the adjusted EBITDA margin for 9 
months '26 is 24.9%, which is closer to the lower end of our EBITDA guidance. 
 
Our reported EBITDA margin for the quarter is 22.9% which is lower by 300 basis points as 
compared to the adjusted EBITDA margin of 25.9% in Q3 '26. This decrease is attributable to 
exceptional items comprising of New Labour Code adoption, stamp duty on slump sale of BSV 
branded generic business within the group, and impairment of some noncurrent surplus assets. 
 
The R&D expenses for the quarter was INR102 crores, which is at 2.9% of the sales, and the 
same is higher than the R&D spend of 2.2% of sales during Q3 '25. The R&D expense for Q3 
'26 remains within the range of 2.5% to 3% of our guidance for the full year FY26.  
The finance cost for Q3 FY'26 has decreased to INR157 crores from INR170 crores in Q2 FY'26. 
This reduction is primarily driven by repayment of last tranche of commercial papers worth 
INR1,500 crores in October 2025.  
In Q3 '26, the depreciation and amortization expenses have increased to INR223 crores as 
compared to INR187 crores in Q3 FY'25, which is primarily driven by a full quarter impact of 
depreciation and amortization impact related to BSV assets. The current quarter depreciation 
and amortization expense is in line with the previous quarter expense which was at INR222 
crores.  
The consolidated effective tax rate for 9 months FY'26 was at 17.6% which is lower than the 
consolidated effective tax rate of 21.2% in 9 months FY'25. The profit after tax for Q3 FY'26 
has grown by 9.5% year-on-year basis to INR414 crores with PAT margins of 11.6% during the 
quarter as compared to 11.8% in quarter 3 FY'25, resulting in a drop of 20 basis points, which 
is primarily due to the drop in the EBITDA margins, partially offset by a reduction in the finance 
cost. Our diluted EPS is INR9.9 per share of INR1 paid for the current quarter.  
The Cash EPS, which is EPS adjusted for noncash items, like depreciation and amortization has 
increased during the quarter to INR15.6 from INR13.9 in quarter 3 FY'25, which is an increase 
of 12.1% year-on-year basis. 
 
The net operating working capital days for the quarter on a trailing 12 months basis is at 51 days 
as compared to 52 days in the corresponding period. The working capital in value terms has 
decreased by INR110 crores between the current quarter and the previous quarter. 
 
During the 9 months FY'26, our CFO to EBITDA ratio has increased to 93% as compared to 
68% in 9 months FY'25. This is primarily on account of improvement in the working capital as 
well as realization of certain government receivables. Our capex spend for 9 months FY'26 was 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 6 of 18 
 
INR473 crores, which is 4.4% of total revenue and the same is in line with our guidance of 4% 
to 5% of revenue. 
 
In line with our prudent financial strategy, we continue to strengthen our balance sheet and have 
reduced our net debt to INR4,294 crores as of 31st December 2025, resulting in the net debt to 
adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.3x in Q3 '26 on a trailing 12 months basis, which has improved as 
compared to net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.4x as on 30th September 2025. 
 
With this, we conclude our financial update and welcome any questions which you may have. 
Over to you, Abhishek. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Thank you, Ashutosh, sir. And thanks, Dorwin. So Dorwin, you can open the forum for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Certainly Sir. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our 
first question comes from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, on the prescription side, where the industry growth itself is a bit slow at about 4% and as a 
part of acute therapy that forms a considerable portion for the Mankind portfolio. So how we 
sort of intend to grow in this therapy as such, where the industry growth itself is struggling or 
what are the countermeasures so that the proportion of anti-infectives reduces over a period of 
time. So that we are able to outperform the industry on an overall portfolio level. That's my first 
question? 
Sheetal Arora: 
I mean if you see several of other therapies which are showing consistent growth quarter-on-
quarter. If you see Gynec has grown from quarter 1, 4% to 11.3% in quarter 3. Gastro has grown 
from almost negligible growth to 7%. Even chronic segment - every quarter has shown a growth 
of 12% to 15%, even our inhalers like Symbicort, Combihale is showing a growth of 30%. 
 
However, very rightly said, performance in the anti-infectives segment for Mankind has been 
relatively muted. Why? Because this category is people and relationship driven where 
prescriptions are typically ranging from 3 to 5 days. So as our teams get settled and doctor 
relationship will mature, we expect consistent growth over the coming quarters. 
 
If you see overall the industry, even the anti-infective segment of IPM is not doing great. So for 
us, yes, definitely, when the relationship will mature, then quarter-on-quarter, you will see 
gradual improvement in our growth of anti-infective segment. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
In fact, from that perspective, if you would like highlight what is the share of in-licensed or the 
specialty portfolio now in the Rx sales, combining all the therapies, we have to sort of... 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
Tushar, as of now, the portion of specialty portfolio or the in-licensed portfolio, in particular, is 
quite negligible. It is less than 2% or so in the overall sales mix. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
So Tushar, this share is for in-licensed portfolio, we have not specifically called out for specialty 
portfolio. This is for in-licensed. 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sure. Got it. And secondly, on the therapy level, respiratory also, like compared to industry, the 
growth has been bit soft at 7.6%. If you could call out any factors on this therapy? 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes. Tushar, this is Sudipta here. In respiratory, as you rightly said, though, this is looking a 
little softer. But if you see as Sheetal sir has rightly said, that our inhaler therapy has done pretty 
well. Even the new launches have done pretty well. Our slight gap has come in cough therapy, 
which we are, again, relooking into some of the strategies in cough portfolio, which will come 
in next quarter. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And just lastly, the CFO to EBITDA ratio is very strong for FY'26 compared to FY'25. So 
Ashutosh sir, if you could highlight factors driving this and how sustainable this is going 
forward? 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
I understand you are asking about... 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Tushar, can you repeat your question once again, please? 
Tushar Manudhane: 
CFO to EBITDA ratio has become very strong. I mean this has been the thing for FY'26 full 
year compared to FY'25 in the range of like 92% - 93%, which is 80% in FY'25 so if you could... 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
Yes. So historically, if you see, our CFO to EBITDA ratio has been in the range of 75%-odd or 
so. In this particular quarter, it is high because of -- one, is that we have been able to optimize 
on the working capital. So on a year-on-year basis so that has released. 
 
Second factor is because we were able to realize some of the government receivables. So because 
of that also, the cash flow has improved. And if you look at the tax element also, there is a drop 
in the value term. So these are the 3 factors because of which you see a spike of 25% increase 
in the CFO to EBITDA ratio. But having said that, it will taper down in the near quarters. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Chintan Sheth from Girik Capital. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Ashutosh ji, on the interest cost saving, we have seen a sequential drop in almost INR500 crores 
from September to December, despite we have paid almost INR1,500 crores of CP in October 
plus we have the current quarter, OCF has been pretty decent. The net debt figure looks a little 
high if you can touch upon why is that, that would be helpful? 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
So if I understood your question correctly, you are trying to analyze that the interest cost drop is 
not commensurating with the drop of the outstanding loan amount. Is that the question? 
Chintan Sheth: 
Also the absolute net debt number also has not seen a similar drop sequentially? 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
So see, net debt is okay because the debt has to be realized over a period because how the debt 
was structured was that the repayments were coming on a 6 monthly basis. So that is why the 
net debt is improving, but the overall debt is not, because there is a time gap of 6 months. That's 
why there is a lag in that. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Sorry, I couldn't understand. So September, we have ~INR4,700 crores of net debt. We repaid 
INR1,500 crores in October. The number in December is INR4,200 - INR4,300-odd crores. So 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 8 of 18 
 
there is a drop sequentially of INR500 crores despite INR1,500 crores of repayment which we 
have seen. 
 
Plus the OCF we have generated. I assume that also were used for working capital, and we are 
seeing working capital improvement sequentially. So as you mentioned, INR110 crores absolute 
from September to December, there is a drop in absolute working capital. So over there, also, 
we have not utilized much of the capital. 
 
And capex number is also more or less in the band of under INR200 crores. So I'm trying to 
understand that we cannot utilize the capital anywhere, working capital is low, incremental 
capex spend for the quarter is also under INR200 crores. Still the net debt number sequentially 
has not been reflective of the INR1,500 crores repayment in there. I'm trying to understand the... 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
Our apologies, we are not able to hear you properly. I think there are multiple questions framed 
into this one single question. So yes we can take them offline. These particular questions, we 
can break it and take it offline. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Okay. Got it. And if you can help me... 
Moderator: 
Yes, sorry to interrupt Chintan, you do have a lot of background disturbance on your line, and 
you do sound a little muffled. May I request you to please check the device mode you're using? 
Chintan Sheth: 
This is okay. This is audible now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, this is much better. So please go ahead. 
Chintan Sheth: 
And the export, if you can split between BSV and organic growth for us. That will be helpful? 
Moderator: 
Members of the management, if you're speaking at the moment, you are not audible. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
So basically, the quality of voice, we are not able to understand the questions properly. So 
request whosoever is asking the questions, they can use headphones instead of speakers. 
Chintan Sheth: 
This is audible? 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Yes, this is audible. 
Chintan Sheth: 
So I was asking export revenue split, what's the organic growth for the current quarter? 
Prakash Agarwal: 
So in Sheetal ji comment, it is mentioned that the Mankind exports is mid-single digit, and the 
remaining is from BSV consolidation. 
Chintan Sheth: 
And lastly, on the restructuring and the implement we have -- you are talking about, it will still 
take more quarters or more months to recoup back to the IPM or above IPM growth for us? Or 
the process we have started on the corrective measures, how soon we expect or any guidance 
around that? Because the last 5 months, we have seen we are lagging behind the IPM growth. 
How should we expect them recovering back to the normal 1.2x, 1.3x IPM growth, which 
traditionally Mankind was delivering? 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Rajeev Juneja: 
Shall I take this question? 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes, sir. 
Rajeev Juneja: 
So the point basically is what, I mean, you're supposed to understand, we have gone for a major 
kind of a transformation in Mankind, the last, I'll say, 12 to 15 months' time. 2-3 things have 
happened. Try to understand. One basically is what we started taking a transformation in the 
form of hiring of approximately 15%-20% field force, reps and managers, leaders as well and 
then hiring people. 
 
In this process, what basically happened, we overestimated our power of executing and making 
sure that the new people those who join Mankind, understand the culture of Mankind. We 
overestimated this and we did not understand properly and deeply. I should really confess the 
problems. Whenever any kind of -- happens and people are being asked that to leave some kind 
of insecurity creeps in people's mind. 
 
So in this process, good people also went. So it has taken 12 to 15 months. So once you realize 
this fact, that despite of taking actions why the response is not coming, then you go even deeper 
down. And that made us more wiser in the form of that culture of Mankind was not properly 
being understood by the people because Mankind is a very unique kind of organization. 
 
There are no targets. We believe only in daily sales. Please mind it, daily sales, not weekly sales. 
In the end of the month, we just want the total sales should not be more than 40% of sales done 
in 1st to 21st. 
 
We are so rigid about these things. Rigid means we will not let anybody do -- I'll say, more 
primary sales to meet the targets because there are no targets. We're always behind growth, right? 
And once you believe so much in hygiene and you bring new people and you bring 
transformation, it takes time. So that basically has taken time. 
 
And obviously, in the last couple of quarters, that attrition, which was happening has gone down 
drastically. Initially, we asked people to leave. And during this process, even good people left. 
Then we saw a huge attrition because that meant insecurity creeped in people's mind. 
 
So when we went, talked to people, brought everything transparently in front of everybody and 
the new leadership. See naturally, new leadership also came, they came from different 
companies. And this time, we took people from those companies, those who are very good in 
the chambers and market of specialties, chronic side, upper crust of the market, right? We have 
always been a bottom-up kind of a company. 
 
So what basically happened even those people took time to understand the culture, they came 
from Cipla, they came from Alkem they came from Sun Pharma, they come from every best 
company, right? So over there, the culture is different. Culture is target, culture is other things. 
Good. They are good. We are good. 
 
This is not a point that we should say that our culture is good. But now everything has been 
understood. So now how a person should really see, how we see everything. We see everything 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 10 of 18 
 
on 3-4 parameters, whether our sales month after month is increasing or not increasing. That is 
what our quarter after quarter, things are improving or not improving. 
 
Number one. That is what we see. At the same time, we keep a very close eye on our daily sales. 
If daily sale is good, it is good. Because please understand, it's a basic common sense because 
we have built this company with our own hands, every department we have created ourselves, 
right? So we understand it very well. The simple logic is prescription is sale. 
 
That's all. Rest all is farce. Only prescription is sales. So we believe totally in that. So once you 
start building this kind of a culture, which is totally unique, which is totally different. It has taken 
time. We honestly -- we confess it very, very, I mean truly, that we expect that we will be able 
to transform it in 9 months' time. It has taken more time. I mean we also feel I'm a bit sorry that 
we should have really, I'll say, dived deeper in the initial phase, but don't really, I mean, we 
cannot change that. 
 
Now things are absolutely right on track that I can assure you. And that's one reason we are 
seeing our sales traction. See, for example, it was volume growth in these 9 months is 1.9% 
versus last year, it was quite less. So right now, if you just compare industry to industry, that 
would not be right. 
 
And I give you one more example. Our growth in chronic side is continuously from last quarter-
on-quarter increasing and in the range of approximately 14%-15%. Look at industry. Industry 
growth quarter-on-quarter was 9%, 10%, 11%. Only last quarter, only in third quarter, it is 
showing 16% so this basically is beyond my apprehension because chronic is not acute, chronic 
is not antibiotics. 
 
That some kind of epidemic came, some problem came and it will increase. There can be 10,000 
reasons for that. So right now, we're just focusing that relatively quarter after quarter, month 
after month, are we on a path of right improvement or not strong, right improvements or not. 
And we are very confident that we'll be doing much better. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
First, 2 clarities. Have you shared the organic growth in the domestic prescription business for 
this quarter? 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Yes, Kunal, we have shared for quarter 3, it's 9% plus. And for 9 months, it's 8.2%, excluding 
OTC. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Yes. Secondly, on the restatement of the revenue. So when I look at the quarter 3 '25 revenue, 
it's been restated by about INR31 crores, INR32 crores. Can you share what it is related to? 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
So restatement is on account of the... 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
So restatement is on account of Mahananda -- as you know that we have sold Mahananda in the 
month of Feb. So we have reinstated all the financial statements for the past few quarters to align 
with the apple to apple comparisons. 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay. And then lastly, when I look at the BSV revenue, you suggested it's growing at a double-
digit pace. But when I put the organic numbers, and I adjust the Q3 FY'25 number by that 
adjustment of 62 days out of 91 days. Then it seems like BSV revenue seems to be flat to me in 
quarter 3 FY'26 on a year-on-year basis? 
Prakash Agarwal: 
So I'll give you some color on the BSV numbers. So Q3 has seen a very strong growth in BSV 
upwards of 20% plus overall. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
But numbers are not suggesting that, right? 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Again 20% plus has been better than the international business. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Can you share the total BSV revenue, please? Because numbers are not aligning with what 
you've been sharing. It's coming out to be around INR395 crores for me, the BSV revenue for 
this quarter? 
Prakash Agarwal: 
So we can take this offline. I think the growth is 20% plus for BSV total, including the Rx 
business. And we can share the number, there is no issue. So the absolute number is INR464-
odd crores including Rx and other businesses. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay. I think we need to kind of touch base on this because my numbers are totally different. 
And lastly, on the consumer business, I see we have been sharing that the secondary sales growth 
has been very strong for most of our key brands, but it doesn't get reflected in the primary sales, 
right? So there's been a trend for the last 3 quarters, wherein all our secondary sales has been 
growing 15% upwards. But then our 9-month primary sales growth is only around 5.5%. So 
what explains this gap? 
Rajeev Juneja: 
See, if you just look at our OTC side, the second quarter was approximately minus growth 
because of this GST and all other things. On the second side, this third quarter. Our growth in e-
commerce business is upward of 30%, 40%. In modern trade is upward of 30%, 40%. And at 
some of the places we have put brakes. 
 
And that basically is the reason the growth has not come. There's some business called cash and 
carry and in that business, what happens, people those who buy instead of selling in the, I'll say, 
the consumer, they were selling to our own customers. So that basically was creating a kind of 
rate cuts in the market. 
 
That we just taken a, I mean, hard stance on that without taking any other thing in mind. In 
Mankind, again, I must reiterate, hygiene is very, very important. We don't want to really inflate 
the sales and tomorrow, it really comes back to us. That's the major reason for that. Otherwise, 
if you look at the secondary side, it's better. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
But sir, at some point, secondary sales would match up to the primary sales, right -- the inventory 
correction so for the last 3 quarters, we have been seeing double-digit secondary sales growth, 
but then primary is not coming up? 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Rajeev Juneja: 
See, last 3 quarters or 4 quarters what we have done, we have taken plenty of transformation. I 
mean maybe we mentioned in the past that from a few thousand stockists, we reduced down 
number of stockists, those who would be responsible for doing our OTC business. That's also 
one of the major reason that this kind of reflection is coming. But health of the organization is 
always primary that we're doing. Soon, you'll see upward improvements in OTC that we can 
assure you. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, sir. And lastly, on the... 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
The last quarter, you need to look at differently because of the GST impact, there was a discount 
so because of that also, the primary sales got impacted. So that is why the mismatch and 
secondly, as Rajeev ji has highlighted that once you increase the non-GT portion, which is the 
other components, modern trade and quick commerce, etc. 
 
So there also the revenue recognition is at a lower rate because of the accounting policy. So that's 
another reason why you see a subdued primary sales. So these are the 2 factors why these 2 
numbers are not reconciling. 
Rajeev Juneja: 
Let me add 1 more thing. I mean, these good questions, really, I mean, steer our mind as well, 
made us more I will say give us more resolve to act faster that even take in account. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, sir. Sure. And lastly, one for Ashutosh, sir… 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
If you compare the brands also for quarter 2 and quarter 3. So some of the brands are common, 
which is showing strong secondary growth, and some of the brands are different also. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
But I think Manforce and Gas-O-Fast are the key brands, right? Anyways, the last question is 
on the impairment we have taken -- the last question for Ashutosh, sir, on the impairment of that 
INR13 crores charge that we have taken related to BSV's Hyderabad facility. So what has 
changed between, let's say, our purchase price allocation exercise to now, which has led to this 
impairment being taken now? 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
Okay, that's a good question, Kunal. So this was a land which was there in the BSV books, okay? 
And since we are building up the facility at Vadodara. So therefore, this particular piece of land 
has been classified as a surplus land. So therefore, we are in the process of returning it back to 
the authorities, this land. 
 
So in order to monetize this asset and returning it back. So whatever is the difference between 
the realizable value and the book value that has been recorded as an impairment cost for this. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Sir, while I got the background in terms of what led to the integration and how we're seeing an 
improvement. Just wanted to get a sense, do you think we get back to higher than industry 
growth, let's say, in 12 months, 18 months' time, based on what you're seeing on the ground, 
how soon do you think we can get to, let's say, in line with industry growth or better than industry 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 13 of 18 
 
growth. Do you think this would be a much more longer process? Or just trying to get a sense 
based on given that you've done so much work on the ground? 
Rajeev Juneja: 
Neha, hopefully, I mean, all things are done because see, we have always seen, I mean, more 
growth than the industry always been like that. We are so used to it that when it did not come, it 
gave us a surprise and rather shock. And once you basically go to that kind of a phase, you go 
yourself, check everything, recheck it and you do a bit of micro management as well in a sense 
that why it is not happening, why these things are there. 
 
And once we start seeing it, we found out the reasons and started acting faster. And the answer 
I gave you in the past as well, I mean, just a few minutes back as well. Then we are seeing the 
traction is right. 
 
See, to build the right kind of organization because this is our only thing we do, 24/7, 365 days. 
You think about Mankind only. And we just believe in the strongest of the foundation that it 
should be daily sales, hygiene should be amazing, whatever we speak should be really, I mean, 
should be true, we should not give them an overestimation to people. 
 
We've always been conservative. For the first time you saw that and got surprised why it 
happened. But what we see right now confidently things are really on a right track. The kind of, 
I'll say, the pulse the kind of feel we want in Mankind, we are having that. See what basically 
has happened. 
 
So when this transformation happened, the transformation happened in reps, first lines and in 
top line as well. And when top line came from different companies, they are able people, talented 
people, amazing people. We need those people. 
 
But there is a huge difference in culture of Mankind. And I can tell you honestly, with the rest 
of the industry, no targets, daily sales, last week sales, which should not happen, who does it? 
Nobody does it. So we are a different company. I mean, most of the pharma companies do what. 
They have different styles. Their style is good, but our style is very unique, right? 
 
In one division, 1,700 people versus any other pharma company would be having 300, 400 
people. Having 30, 40 brands right, in 1 division versus , I mean, 4, 5 or maximum 10 brandss. 
So our working is totally different, 5 lakh plus doctors coverage, deepest coverage. This is a 
formula that 20% results come from 80%, 80% comes from 20%. 
 
But we didn't follow that. Our 70% sales come from 70% doctors. That kind of a philosophy we 
have always followed. Never followed anything, whatever everybody is doing. So once you start 
working in this kind of an organization, it takes time to explain to everybody as well. But 
honestly, we are very confident things will improve. Things have really come to right? I'll say 
that the stage actually, which are giving us comfort and confidence. 
Sheetal Arora: 
Neha, if I can add to Rajeev sir point, what he had said. One thing I would like to add that if you 
see the stability in the team, every quarter team is becoming more stable. Attrition has gone 
down. That gives us full confidence that going forward, every quarter, things will improve and 
Mankind would be back to its original Mankind. 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Neha Manpuria: 
Got it, sir. Prakash, this INR464 crore BSV number that you gave for the quarter, would this 
number be higher quarter-on-quarter flattish quarter-on-quarter? What would be your sense? 
What would be this number for second quarter? 
Prakash Agarwal: 
So we are giving growth numbers. So Q1, BSV grew mid- to high single digits. Q2 was mid- to 
high single digit. And Q3, it is upwards of 20%. So overall, in 9 months, it's about double digit 
-- early teens. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Overall, okay. Got you. And the 9.1% organic growth that we mentioned for Mankind domestic 
9%-odd that does not include the TTK portfolio that we have moved, right? Or does that includes 
the TTK portfolio that has been moved to Mankind? 
Prakash Agarwal: 
So it happened during the quarter. When we have given BSV guidance, we have included the 
Rx, but however, 9% would have an element of few days coming into Mankind. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
This 9% exclude TTK portfolio, Mankind BSV both. So basically, this 9%, if you are talking 
about, it's only Mankind excluding TTK portfolio excluding OTC. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Sorry, Abhishek, I lost you, but no worries I can take that offline. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
So basically let me repeat what I'm saying, 9.1% includes only Mankind, it does not include 
OTC. It does not include BSV portfolio. It does not include TTK portfolio. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay. Got it. Okay. Thank you for verifying that. And my last question is on the Consumer 
Health business. The stockists that we have reduced, etc., would that mean that our sales have 
been reset lower for the next few quarters? Like this is the new base that we should build in for 
the OTC business? And how should we look at growth in the next year then for the OTC 
business? 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Would you like to take outlook for OTC for... 
Rajeev Juneja: 
Yes, yes, I gave my answer. I gave the answer that see in the last couple of quarters, lot of things 
we have undertaken, BSV is one, consumer is one, total Mankind is one, lot of things we have 
done in last 15 months' time. And don't forget that we took on BSV in the month of November 
only. 
 
So in consumer side, we took many transformative actions that number of stockists were 
reduced. Then we saw that it's unlike prescription kind of a thing. It only depends upon the 
demand so there is some part of push and some part of pull, both sides are there. 
 
Then you make sure that it should be right. It should not become imbalanced, imbalance that 
you end up putting more primary sales and secondary sale is less. So during this total process, 
we got certain success in e-commerce a lot. 
 
And this modern trade a lot. Then we saw one thing that this cash and carry kind of a business 
was there that we stopped. So we see all the things have happened, and I've explained to you 
that, and we hope that going forward next year, good double-digit growth would be there. 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
As said, if you look at the 5.2% growth looks muted because last year, the last quarter grew by 
30%. So it's a base effect as well. That's why this is looking a bit muted. And the quarter prior 
was impacted because of monsoons and GST 2.0 impact. So we are hopeful that going forward, 
we are on the path of recovery for this business. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sidharth Negandhi from Chanakya Wealth Creation. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
I think there has been a fairly good understanding on what transformation has happened on the 
people front. If I would ask on how do you see the product portfolio to supplement this, right? 
You highlighted about how you outpaced ex GLP-1 growth. But then GLP-1 is a reality of the 
future, right? And therefore, in terms of the impact that GLP-1 had on your own existing 
portfolio? If you could share some color on that and your own plans on launching GLP-1? That 
was question number one. 
 
Question number two, on the acute side of the portfolio, are you seeing the growth being 
impacted more by trade generics or by loss of share to sort of other IPM players, how are you 
seeing that? That's question number two. 
 
Question number three, you spoke about e-commerce and modern trade growing about 30%, 
40% in OTC. Certain quick commerce players have highlighted the fact that sexual wellness for 
them has grown multifold sort of upwards of 100%. Within this, if you could give some color 
on how your growth has been and how is share look like for you? 
 
And then fourth, you mentioned about the NSP for quick commerce and modern trade being 
lower than GT. How is the EBITDA profile in that case compared to GT and therefore, how 
should we think about profitability for that business as these channels sort of gain more salience? 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Yes, I can take a few -- a lot of questions. So the first one was on GLP. So it's a currently 
innovator market, and we are on track for a day 1 launch. It would be around March, somewhere 
around March end. So we are on track, and we expect to be a participant in the launch in day 1. 
So that's your first question. 
 
On the acute side, you talked about the impact of trade generics, etc. I think, first of all, the 
impact is our internal corrective action that we are taking, and that's why the growth has been 
muted in the market. As Sheetal ji in the opening also said that there's already some recovery 
that you've seen in Gynec and Gastro. So apart from cardiac, which has been consistently 
outperforming IPM, we are now seeing good recovery in Gynec and Gastro also. Only anti-
infective is an area where we are still underperforming. There, as that is a space where there's a 
lot of work going on. 
 
We have increased the GP penetration which we had lost due to the team rejig that happened. 
So this will also eventually come back. And that's why we have full confidence that we'll be able 
to outperform IPM going forward. Might take a little time, but we are on track with that. From 
a trade generic side, I think market is much bigger. It caters to a certain population. We cater to 
the prescription market. 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
And there, we expect that healthy market growth of 8% to 10% is possible. And going forward, 
our endeavor is to outperform that. From an e-com MT side, I think NSP is generally lower 
given that the quick commerce keeps their margin, etc. 
 
But we can't give you a specific on margins and growth of sexual wellness. We don't give 
product-wise breakup. Overall, we expect that Q4, you would start seeing double-digit growth. 
And for the guidance for next year, we'll come back to you on Q4. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Sure. So just a follow-up on that, you. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Can we take the last 2 questions, please? 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Kunal Randeria from Axis Capital. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sir, appreciate Rajeev ji’s explanation on what things went wrong and how you're kind of 
rectifying that. Sir, it clearly seems looking at the therapy growth that it's not a systemic issue. 
So I'm just wondering how come this came out in the first place, number one? And number two, 
are there external factors in play also maybe like something like trade generics impacting our 
business, something like that? 
Rajeev Juneja: 
So I should answer this, Prakash. The question was that external impacts, right? The trade 
generic was there and is there and would be there. There's no doubt about that. But being a 
dynamic kind of a company, we should really take these things in stride. 
 
The point basically we explained to you is that still approximately 60% or 61% business of 
Mankind comes from acute side, which depends upon relationship with people, doctors, all sort 
of things are there. That is the only thing in Mankind we feel. Nothing else.  
Kunal Randeria: 
Sure, sir. No I understand that, sir, what I didn't understand, pardon my ignorance here is, see, 
if cardiac and diabetes is doing extremely well, right? So the cultural issue that you we spoke 
of, obviously, doesn't seem to be in those divisions? So how come it came from the acute 
division, especially when you don't give aggressive targets to the sales force? 
Rajeev Juneja: 
So again, understand the point. Point basically is what when you're dealing in acute side, you 
bring daily prescription. In chronic side once prescription is there, it is yours. You keep working. 
I mean, whatever new prescriptions you generate that really adds to your growth. That's the 
answer actually. I mean we could have expected more growth in chronic as well. 
 
So we're not happy with 15% growth as well. Always continuous hammering, continuous 
reminders to the customers, it's like this only. And plus, in chronic side, a lot of our brands have 
become quite big and big becomes bigger in chronic, very fast. 
 
Again, let me add one more thing. If I talk about the anti-infective side, our maximum sales 
come from oral therapies, oral side. In industry, it is approximately 60% oral 40%, I'll say, 
injectable. That's another thing. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Just 1 more, if I can. So you have a fantastic last 3-4 years in export growth. This quarter, you 
mentioned some mid-single-digit growth. So I'm assuming it's in rupee terms. So in dollar terms, 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 17 of 18 
 
I think there would have been a decline, I guess. So will this continue because of the base? Or 
do you expect that to recover maybe in the coming quarters? 
Sheetal Arora: 
See, Kunal, we have always maintained our stand that wherever we go, we go with a complex 
niche molecule, which are difficult to manufacture. If you see last year, our U.S. sales and growth 
was mainly opportunity based because of one eye drop over there. And in ROW, we are in the 
process of sending the dossier to different countries, the commercialization will happen after a 
couple of years, maybe 2028-2029. 
 
So our main focus will remain in domestic, still 85%. In U.S., whenever any opportunity will 
come definitely we're going to go for that, but we won't compromise on EBITDA, and we will 
go for a niche complex molecule. In ROW, it will take another 3, 4 years. So our focus was 
domestic and will remain domestic. 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
This is in line with our guidance, what we gave for the year. 
Moderator: 
We have the last question from the line of Dheeresh from WhiteOak. 
Dheeresh: 
Sir, this transformation thing, I think we started about a year back at the same time as the BSV 
acquisition. So now 1 year out since we started this, what and you can give me an approximate 
number also, like what percentage of our field force, including managers and all would be new 
to Mankind, meaning they have joined new in these last 12 months? And what percentage of our 
client-facing field force is old, which is aware of the Mankind culture that you talked about in 
the call today as well? 
Rajeev Juneja: 
Approximately 20% - 25% is new.  
Sudipta Roy: 
20% including all new managers and field force, it is overall around 20%. This 20% also it's not 
at one go. So it's happened in phases. So it is not about 1 year, we are having a 20% new people. 
So it is in phases. 
Dheeresh: 
So sir, only 20% is new to the culture, why is the impact so much, Why is it taking so much 
time? There is a lot of attrition. Normal attrition in the industry is quite high. So 20% new to 
culture is not that big a number. And why is it taking so much time to get to the rhythm of 
Mankind is I'm not able to understand? 
Sudipta Roy: 
See, I think Rajeev, sir has already told, see, our 60% business is more of acute and within that 
60% also, it is more of GP dominated, right? So in GP cases of business, our relations -- personal 
relationship with the people matters a lot. So when the faces change, that relations and the impact 
also goes away. 
 
So that created a lot of impact, especially in our deep interiors and our deep reaches. So I think 
what you are asking that why 20% is giving so much of impact. This is one of the reasons because 
one, is our portfolio was dominated by acute and major support was coming from GPs. 
Sheetal Arora: 
And one thing I would like to add that we have done so many things in last 1 year or so, made 
BSV acquisition, restructuring of OTC, then correction in Mankind Pharma and Mankind was 

 
 
Mankind Pharma Limited
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 18 of 18 
 
very strong in UP and is very strong in UP, the little attrition happened in UP. And because of 
that, it took a little time. 
 
And time where the PCPM was huge in eastern part of UP, some district of UP. So that's why 
so many things have happened simultaneously at the same time in the last 16-18 months. But 
now if you see the quarter-on-quarter going forward, every quarter, the anti-infective will grow. 
The things will be much better. 
Dheeresh: 
All right, sir. Looking forward to better quarter… 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
20%-25% was on a year-on-year basis. So you know like around 15-18 months has been 
involved in this strategic corrective measure. Basically 20%, you can say part was impacted in 
last financial year and another part of which is impacted in this financial year. So broadly a 
slightly bigger number, which you can say is a new field force. 
Rajeev Juneja: 
Abhishek, let me answer this in a different manner. Abhishek, let me answer. Can I answer in 
different manner? 
Dheeresh: 
Yes, sir. I'm listening. Tell me. 
Rajeev Juneja: 
See, it's all a matter of heart only. I mean, for example, if in your office, 20% people are being 
asked to leave systematically. What kind of energy would be there in total team? Just think about 
that. That's the right answer. So it's not only numbers that matters. Whatever numbers are left, 
what kind of a heart and mind they're giving in the work, that also matters a lot. 
 
And we are always that kind of organization because where energy is everything. So don't look 
only numbers, numbers, right? See the force behind numbers. If 80% people start giving 100% 
kind of their energy, or 110% kind of energy, wonders can be done. If same 80%, only 80% 
people start giving half of their energy because they're also insecure. They also need some kind 
of reassurance. So understand that from that perspective, we think from that lines only. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, gentlemen. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Thank you, Dorwin, and thank you, everyone. And for any further queries or clarification, please 
feel free to write to us on investor.relations@mankindpharma.com. Thank you, and stay happy, 
stay healthy. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Mankind Pharma Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This transcript has some minor edits to enhance the understanding and readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. Since it is a 
transcription, it may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
