 
KPIT Technologies Limited  
Registered & Corporate Office: Plot No. 17, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park, MIDC-SEZ, 
Phase-III, Maan, Taluka-Mulshi, Hinjawadi, Pune-411057, India. 
CIN: L74999PN2018PLC174192 
 
O   +91 20 6770 6000 
E    info@kpit.com 
W   kpit.com 
February 6, 2026 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001. 
Scrip ID: KPITTECH 
Scrip Code: 542651 
Kind Attn: The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Symbol: KPITTECH 
Series: EQ 
 
Kind Attn: The Manager,  
Listing Department
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of the Post Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended 
December 31, 2025.  
 
In terms of Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule 
III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Post Earnings Conference Call for the 
quarter ended December 31, 2025, conducted on January 30, 2026, for your 
information and records. 
 
The transcript of the Post Earnings Conference Call is also made available on the 
website of the Company. The link to access the same is as below: 
 
https://www.kpit.com/investor-financials/  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For KPIT Technologies Limited  
 
 
        
 
Ashish Malhotra 
General Counsel & Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
ASHISH 
MALHOTRA
Digitally signed by ASHISH 
MALHOTRA 
Date: 2026.02.06 22:33:06 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
“KPIT Technologies Limited Q3 FY’26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KISHOR PATIL - CO-FOUNDER, CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. SACHIN TIKEKAR - PRESIDENT AND JOINT 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. ANUP SABLE - BOARD MEMBER AND CHIEF 
OPERATING OFFICER 
MS. PRIYA HARDIKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. SUNIL PHANSALKAR - VICE PRESIDENT (CF&G) 
AND HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAHUL JAIN - DOLAT CAPITAL 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 25 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to KPIT Technologies Q3 FY’26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, I would 
like to thank KPIT Technologies for giving us the opportunity to host this 
Earnings Call. 
And now I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sunil Phansalkar, 
who is Vice President (CF&G) and Head of Investor Relations at KPIT to do the 
Management introductions. Over to you, Sunil. 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Thank you, Rahul. Good evening and a very warm welcome to everyone on the 
Q3 FY’26 earnings call of KPIT Technologies Limited. Since we are still in the 
first month of the year, I take this opportunity to wish all of you a great 2026 
and beyond. 
On the call today, we have Kishor Patil – Co-Founder, CEO and MD, Mr. Sachin 
Tikekar – President and Joint MD, Anup Sable – Board Member and COO, Priya 
Hardikar – CFO and Sunil from Investor Relations. 
As we always do, we will have the comments about the performance on the 
quarter and the way forward in the opening and then we will shift into 
question-and-answer mode. 
So, once again, a very warm welcome to you and I hand this over to Mr. Kishor 
Patil. 
Kishor Patil: 
Welcome to Q3 Earnings Call. 
Today, the way I would do is, I will go through some of the highlights of the 
quarter and then I would hand it over to Anup whom, you are aware, he is 
now the Chief Operating Officer. He used to be the CTO before this. So, to 
explain what transformation we are doing in terms of business specifically, 

KPIT Technologies Limited
January 30, 2026
Page 3 of 25 
 
 
 
what we have been talking about the solutions and there have been many 
queries about what does it actually mean. So, he would like to take a couple 
of examples and explain so that you may get some clarity. 
 
So, I think I will start with the financials: 
 
So, FY’26 year-on-year growth was 9.4% in rupee terms, 3% in US Dollar terms 
, and the constant currency growth in Quarter 3 was 1.5%. EBITDA growth was 
6.8% post-absorbing partial increments Organic growth is negative under 1% 
for the quarter. 
 
Overall, if you really look at the growth it was contributed by growth in 
Europe and off-highway, off-highway commercial.. Overall, the net profit 
excluding the one-time Labor Code impact is 1.53 billion against 1.53 billion 
last quarter. The impact of new labour code,was INR 469 million post-tax. We 
also declared interim dividend during the quarter. The cash at the end of the 
quarter is about INR 9 billion after payment of INR 6.3 billion against the 
payouts of Caresoft and N-Dream during the quarter. The TCV value of deals 
won during the quarter is INR 202 million. Largely it is across the geographies, 
Europe the highest, followed by USA and there is also something from China, 
this quarter - from a Chinese OEM. 
 
As I mentioned earlier, we believe that the business is changing, the OEMs are 
changing, their challenges are different. So, the overall business will change 
for the industry in the coming years. While we continue to grow our existing 
business and we do see those opportunities, we would like to move forward 
and change the business ahead of time. That is why we are moving to 
solutions-based transformation. 
 
Now, there are a couple of indications there. The fixed price revenue mix in 
our business is 66% against 59% last year. Per person revenue is also up. We 
have continued the investment in this business, which is about USD 3.8 
million during the quarter. This does not include the AI investments we are 
making, which is in addition to this. Plus, this definition of investment does 
not include the investments which we have made earlier in certain 
acquisitions like Technica or the recent acquisitions like N-Dream and 
Caresoft. 
 
So, while we are here, I would like to mention that overall, the way we look 
forward, we see many positives out of this quarter and the last six months. 
The first thing is the focus on AI and we have two projects or wins which are 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 25 
in the AI area, which we are working on and which are  in the production 
programs we are working upon. 
The second thing is also on AI, we announced the partnership with Microsoft. 
Actually, Microsoft also made an announcement in terms of recognizing KPIT 
as a frontier partner of technologies. Similarly, another leading CRM company 
has also signed an agreement for our agentic solutions on their platform. In 
terms of micro-mobility, we have done a partnership with Hero Group, HMC 
HIVE. That was the recent announcement we did about a month back. We do 
believe we see that overall in commercial and off-highway we continue to see 
traction, which is based on the back of Caresoft Acquisition and our other 
offerings. 
In terms of geographies: 
Overall, we see positive discussions in USA, positive discussion in Europe, 
positive discussion, of course, in India, China, Middle East and Southeast Asia, 
and in certain pockets of Japan and Korea. In order to really manage this 
transformation as well as the readiness for growth in future, we have added 
a lot of leadership. The first one, of course, I mentioned to you, Anup is now 
designated as a Chief Operating Officer and Key Managerial Person. Anup has 
been with the company for 31 years and has played multiple roles. We also 
have added multiple technology leaders in AI, also in certain domains, 
architecture etc. Also, we have promoted some internal people in terms of 
these positions, in addition to hiring from outside. In the Geos, also some of 
the practice teams we have at a senior level, we have hired from the industry 
in view of our movement towards solution-based business and readiness. 
Similarly, we have continued to add people who can really handle complex 
sales, both in case of AI as well as the solutions, and we will continue to do 
that. 
This is where we are, and I would now request Anup to really take a few 
examples about the solution business. 
Anup Sable: 
Thank you, Kishor. Hello everybody, good evening. 
I would first like to sort of demystify what is a solution, because many 
terminologies or definitions of solution could exist. You can imagine 
something like an iPhone is actually a product. That means you can literally 
pull it out of a box and with a minimum configuration, that means if you have 
an older iPhone, you can scan a barcode and eventually the new iPhone can 
get configured to your all contacts, etc. information that is there, and you can 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 25 
start using it literally within 10 minutes of buying it. That’s a product. Usually, 
the most important attribute is mostly shrink-wrapped. It has a little bit of 
configuration to be done like we spoke in terms of iPhone. When we talk 
about a solution, a large part of the work that is required to be done for a 
solution is already ready with somebody like us, but there is some part of the 
work that has to be customized based on the customer’s requirement, and 
these requirements could be different. These requirements could be more 
and less basis certain requirements of customers. These requirements could 
actually address certain internal complexity in terms of customer setup and 
the customer’s product, and hence there is a definite amount of work in terms 
of software development, in terms of validation that needs to be done to 
make the solution ready for the customer. 
I will give you two examples of what we mean by solution. When we talk 
about, let’s say, something that is pre-AI as a solution, there is an advanced 
feature inside the car now where you can use the phone as a key. Now, from 
a user’s perspective, what it means is that you can use the phone and not 
have a key with you. The car detects the phone at a particular distance, 
unlocks the car, car also detects that the phone is inside the car and the door 
is locked and then allows the vehicle to go in an ignition ready state so you 
can switch on the ignition and then start driving the car. And similarly, when 
you get out of the car, it can switch off. You move away from the car, it locks 
the car. 
Now, there are different technologies technically required and it’s a very 
complex system in terms of implementation. So, you have multiple 
technologies like Bluetooth, ultra wideband, Wi-Fi, 5G, all involved. Then you 
have challenges inside the car in terms of how many different computers 
does this particular system interact in terms of making the use cases work. 
And of course, when you actually develop something like this, you need to 
make sure that you have integration with the Apple iPhone, but it also then 
works with the Android phones and then it works in Android specifically with 
Samsung and then specifically with other Android phones that are there. So, 
all of this, a large part of it is testable, reusable, but a significant part of it is 
customized to what the OEM would like to have. And for this, KPIT has a 
solution which is a combination of the test platform and then the number of 
test cases that are required for certain certification requirements. There is a 
consortium called CCC consortium that certifies the solution for this. So, all 
this is ready. So, when we go to the customer, we can actually present a full-
fledged readiness in terms of getting the customer to a stage where a new 
phone or a new vehicle launch can be supported. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 25 
Now, what is the advantage? There are a couple of advantages that happen 
because of this. One is things are more or less ready. That means the time 
required for this particular activity is less. Second, because you have done 
this for multiple instances, there is already a domain know-how that is 
captured inside which gives an advantage both in terms of quality and again 
in terms of time. And of course, the overall cost for the customer is lower 
because most of the things are ready. And as a result, the profitability for 
KPIT would also be high. This is one example of a solution. 
Now, I would take another example of a fully AI-based solution because in 
every solution, you can always have a certain amount of AI to improve the 
efficiency, improve the performance. But I am talking about a fully AI-based 
solution. Now, for this, I will give you an example of how software 
development happens, especially in large teams. So, when you want to 
develop a software, say for example, what you see inside your vehicle for a 
digital cockpit, which is a combination of your central touchscreen, the 
cluster, the colorful cluster that you have and then certain lighting that is 
inside, ambient lighting that is there inside the car. 
Now, when you write the software for such a thing, the software is a 
combination of written software by OEM, written software by the tier 1 and 
then various third-party suppliers, sometimes as good as 20 different 
suppliers. For example, Apple CarPlay, Android Auto comes from Google. So, 
all these systems have to be combined together and validated. And when the 
software development is complete and the integration starts happening, there 
are a large number of bugs or issues that come out, which are integration 
issues. 
Now, when you look at a complex system, significantly large software, the 
most critical operation that happens very close to the software or the vehicle 
getting launched is fixing all of these issues. And sometimes these issues 
could be in numbers of thousands, if not hundreds. So, the most bottleneck 
operation in such a case becomes who actually decides where the problem 
originated from because the software has been written by 20 different 
players. It is residing on 4 different computers. So, where is the defect 
originating from and how to go about fixing this problem? This is called a 
triaging problem. It is a very complex thing because not only you have to deal 
with complexity, but the number of people who can handle this in terms of 
understanding what the problem is and where the problem originated are 
limited and hence this operation gets bottlenecked. Now, this is a problem 
that we are solving by triaging as an AI-infused solution. So, when we get into 
the customer, we have understood what the source code is, we have 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 25 
understood what the architecture of the vehicle is, we have understood what 
the defect is, and then we have created an AI-based engine that allows what 
this one or two bottleneck resources used to do to immediately be done by 
the AI and as a result, again, significantly reduce the time to fix the problem. 
Also, the duration for which this bottleneck has happened, that also is 
significantly reduced and of course, at the end, the customer gets quality as 
an output and the vehicle launch happens on time. 
So, I gave you two examples. One, which is very specific to a complex system, 
the iPhone case that I talked about the phone as a key and the second 
example I talked about software development life cycle, where we are 
actually solving a complex bottleneck choked problem using AI, AI as the 
primary engine or tool to fix it. So, there are multiple such solutions that we 
are going to focus on this year in terms of going behind the customers. These 
have been validated, these have been working with the customers in the last 
few years and we feel confident that now we can actually go to more and 
more customers and allow them to leverage what we have. 
Kishor Patil: 
Thank you, Anup. So, basically, we believe that this is the direction in which 
the clients are going where they would like to have a solution ahead of time 
and we can make it available to their customers in a shorter duration and we 
can take full ownership so that there are no delays, overheads, which is from 
the client side. We do believe that this may take 12 months to 18 months, for 
a  large part of our business to convert into this, but naturally, specifically AI 
and some of the few solutions which we believe have potential would start 
in the next 3 months to 4 months. 
So, this is what I just wanted to mention today. I think we will be happy to 
take any questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question comes from the line of Karan Uppal from 
PhillipCapital India. Please go ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions from my side. Firstly, on 
the pivot to solutions-led offerings versus service-led model which we used 
to have. So, do we expect to gain market share from our peers given our 
solutions or you expect that could the outsourcing of work increase from 
OEMs versus the work which they used to do internally? That is part one. And 
secondly, with this solutions led model, do you expect any cannibalization of 
the existing revenue? If yes, if you can quantify it? 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 25 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Sure. Thanks for the question. This is Sachin Tikekar. So, let me answer the 
first part. Obviously, the solutions when you look at solving the client’s 
problem and Anup described two of them, what typically happens is in the 
second example, you saw that there is a hardware setup involved, there are 
tools involved, there is a workflow and then there are many companies that 
are actually providing different kind of software. So, if you have to provide a 
holistic solution, in order to leverage the solution and have the maximum 
benefits, you have to look at it holistically. So, our first effort is to take a 
broader view of the problem and provide a comprehensive solution to solve 
the problem. Now, in this case, what happens is we end up cannibalizing 
someone else’s business. That means we will be able to do it cheaper, better, 
faster for the client. If there is an existing business, a part of the business has 
been done by KPIT, then obviously that part gets cannibalized. But the thing 
is, when we provide the holistic solution, we get a much bigger wallet share. 
So, that’s the model that we are applying across the OEMs and the whole 
purpose is twofold. One is to solve the problem of the OEMs more 
comprehensively and help them get their vehicles in the production program 
cheaper, better, faster. At the same time, increase the wallet share for KPIT 
and also the margins. So, yes, the simple answer is yes, this will lead to 
increase in wallet share. I think that’s the answer to your first question. What 
was the second question? 
Karan Uppal: 
Does it cannibalize our revenue? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
I think I answered that to some extent and in some cases we will do it 
proactively in the interest of the client, but we always want to solve the bigger 
questions. So, we will not just cannibalize our own revenue, we will end up 
cannibalizing something much bigger. So, net-net there is a wallet share gain. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay, thanks for that. Second, on the geopolitical environment with the new 
tariffs being announced by the US for new nations and EU-US trade deal in 
question. How are OEMs reacting to it? Are they comfortable to spend on 
their new age R&D programs or they may again pause before some clarity 
emerges? 
Kishor Patil: 
I will talk about European OEMs. They have been saying that and you must 
have seen it, that they want to move towards a different supply chain in this 
case and that’s why basically even though there may not be a new spends, 
they are moving their spend from the local vendors to India. So, that is 
certainly a clear trend and that will happen. The second thing there is that 
they are trying to find out how they can get some new technologies. Some of 
the specific solutions that we talked about, I think that they would like to go 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 25 
for. So, I think the way they are looking at it, they are saving some money, 
they are investing cautiously in certain areas. Naturally, they are not spending 
all the money, but that is what is happening in Europe. In USA, we believe 
that the speed is very important because most of the OEMs in USA are 
significantly delayed on their vehicle programs and I think that , this is where 
they are looking for solutions and some of the solutions, that Anup 
mentioned, significantly reduce time for the production program and helps 
with  quality improvement which I think the biggest issue If you have studied, 
I think most of the US companies they have a higher overall warranty cost 
and so basically it is very important for them to have better quality and move 
faster with the production programs. But this is in pockets. Overall, it is also 
specific to some OEMs. Some OEMs are not spending and they are really not 
strategically taking a view, but few of them are doing it in US and also off-
highway commercial are at this point of time  positively looking at making a 
change towards this. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Just to add to Kishor’s point, the macro reading that we have from different 
OEMs is, I think this has been going on for the last one year, they have figured 
out ways to, this may continue for a while, everyday things are changing, 
especially coming from the US and hence I think different alliances are getting 
formed, but I think the OEMs have figured out a way that this is going to be a 
way of life and then they are prioritizing certain technologies and certain 
investments. At the same time, they are deprioritizing many others so that 
they have enough money to respond to these changes and meet the 
expectations of their consumers. 
Kishor Patil: 
So, there are one or two geographies which seem impacted because of the 
uncertainty, one of which is Japan. Basically, if you look at their overall market 
has shrunk. Most of them were having a good market share in US, which is 
under doubt now. Many of them were investing into US or Canada or Mexico. 
Now, many of them have kept their plan on hold or that is not helping them. 
So, that’s the one reason they are getting impacted. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay, thanks for the detailed color. This last thing on the TCV, Kishor sir, TCV 
was a bit muted this quarter. How is the pipeline looking and what’s the 
overall outlook for FY’27, if you can elaborate? Thanks. 
Kishor Patil: 
I mean, the first thing is that, during this time, I think when you get the orders, 
nobody’s ready to sign a very long-term deal most of the time, but there will 
still be a few. But the point is, this is the last quarter and it really depends 
upon what the budgets are remaining with a particular OEM. So, this, I would 
not read too much into it. But you know that we give any understanding about 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 25 
next year around April. But if I have to give you some understanding, I will 
make only two statements. One is, we believe that in the  last quarter that is 
Q4, we will improve, our growth will be higher, it will be the highest quarterly 
growth in FY26. I mean, anyway, we did not have much growth, but there will 
be higher growth in  Q4. That will be the highest growth quarter from this 
year. And our profitability will improve from what we have in Q3 in spite of 
our investments. This is one statement. The second thing is, we feel 
reasonably, I mean, and please recognize that we will tell you at end of Q4, 
but I am just giving you my feel right now. We will for sure grow next year 
higher than this year. And we believe that we will be in a position to do it. 
Now, some of these transitions, which we talked about exactly how much, 
when, time difference, we are a little bit not sure. So, we are not putting exact 
number right now or we will see what we can do by April, what we can talk 
about it. But this is the high level color, I can give now. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay, sir. Thanks a lot. I will fall back in the queue. 
Kishor Patil: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from 
Investec India. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Hi, good evening. Wishing you all a very Happy New Year. I had a couple of 
questions. So, one is, see on the solutioning, I think when we listed in 2019, 
we actually at that time spoke about maybe having prebuilt 15% to 35% or 
40% of whatever customer seeks to build. And that’s tested to be error-free 
code and thereby we accelerate for clients. I think this is more or less similar, 
but I think you’re doubling down. So, if you could give some context on what 
that doubling down is. And the second is a more conceptual question, is that 
considering that we are able to sort of up the ante on this and maybe prebuilt 
a lot more, shouldn’t it mean, and basically at lower cost, right? Time to 
market is shorter. Shouldn’t it mean that your deal velocity should be higher, 
right? Logically, because market share gains would reflect in higher deal 
velocity. So, just wanted your thoughts there. And do you think that is 
something that we should start seeing soon or that’ll sort of evolve over a 
period of time? How should we sort of think about this broadly? And lastly, if 
you could just give some sense in terms of, let’s say if you look at US, Europe, 
and maybe Japan, broadly, how are conversations or spends from our 
perspective, maybe within the top three or four customers within each of 
those geographies, is it, just some color that you could give qualitatively would 
be very helpful. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 25 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes. So, first thing is, thank you for remembering what we said in 2019. So, I 
think at that point of time, if you remember, we were moving towards the 
domains, which was electrification, autonomous, infotainment, then we 
moved to digital cockpit, that kind of a thing. So, basically we had created a 
certain, what I would say, visible demonstrations of what the client will get 
ultimately. And I can say that actual usage of those into the actual delivery 
was not more than 5% to 7%. Actual program, when we deliver, it was not 
more than 5% to 7% overall contribution form such demonstrations. So, it was 
more towards understanding the requirements, the client understanding, 
what could be the functionality, what are the additional functionality, what 
we could deliver, our ability, skills etc. This is what we could do. And this is 
what it is. Now, more and more, as Anup mentioned, this is not about projects. 
This is about a full solution, which you are giving to the client. And this 
includes people from client side who are working on this, people from us, 
there may be some people from other vendors, including some tier ones. So, 
this is a more holistic solution, which we are giving. So, there is a huge 
difference. And, we are expecting, I mean, I don’t know what over the period 
will happen, but at least 50%-60% kind of reusability benefit is in most of the 
solutions. As I mentioned, we have just  set this up. About 2-3 months back, 
we started making the changes. And that’s where Anup has a clear goal of 
bringing this transition. So, next six months, I think we should give here. And 
after that, we will be in a better position to say but of course, this we are 
doing because we expect that this will drive high quality growth for KPIT in 
the midterm. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Nitin, I think there was an external factor as well, which was, if you remember 
in 2019, this was the first time all the OEMs wanted to build software on their 
own, they started their own software companies, and they had the money 
and the time to do it. And the thing was, everything was built ground up. That 
was the approach that was taken, especially in all the SDV programs, if you 
think about it, times have changed now. Nobody has the time and the money 
to do this. And plus, there is a lot of learning from all the programs that have 
been delivered. So, the expectation is all of this will get cheaper, better, 
faster. That’s why we think that the adoption of our solution in today’s time 
is likely to have much bigger impact. There was one last question, Nitin, which 
was about the spend of our clients from US, Europe and Japan. So, as you 
know, the pressure continues on everybody, and they have done 
reprioritization. And from our perspective, we see an opportunity for us to 
grow in certain areas. One is digital cockpit, that is true across the three 
geographies. The second is obviously, as you get more and more connected 
vehicles, with the OTA in them, cyber security becomes a bigger concern. So, 
we are seeing a lot of spend in cyber security. Third is, given different 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 25 
countries have different approaches towards powertrains, so multiple 
powertrains, you cannot just have battery electric, the consumers want to 
have options. So, we see investment also in ICE now, as far as powertrains 
are concerned. In countries like China, navigation on autopilot has become a 
default, you cannot sell an electric vehicle unless you have navigation on 
autopilot in China. It’s going to the US as well as to Europe. So, that’s another 
area. So, these are the 3-4 areas where we have strength and we believe that 
the spend is going to get prioritized from the OEM’s perspective. Last but not 
the least, the cost reduction, the vehicle cost reduction from mechanical, 
electrical, electronics, and also software perspective is becoming more 
critical. And with the acquisition of Caresoft business, we are also ready to 
help the OEMs reduce their product cost. So, these are the areas where we 
think there is going to be a lot more traction as we get into FY’27. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Got it. So, just one last one as a follow up. So, when you think about what 
has changed from then to now, as you said, obviously, right now, their ability 
to spend is lower. And we are actually from whatever we are doing, we are 
helping them do it at a lower price quicker. But do you think that what we 
will see is maybe better margins because of the way we are approaching this, 
but lower growth versus historicals? Or do you think we will be able to get 
both because we will get higher market share? So, how are you thinking on 
this as you look at it going forward versus how it was in the past? 
Kishor Patil: 
See, I think we are looking at it in two, three different ways. We certainly 
believe that we can increase our market share in the medium term. I cannot 
say next quarter or quarter after, but in medium term. But we also believe we 
will be in a position to have a better solutions backed with AI and have as 
well the other normal solutions. We talked about other adjacencies we are 
talking about. And we do believe that both the commercial off highway and 
micro mobility would really bring more revenues. So, overall this  is what we 
believe. So, this is our growth strategy. And from that perspective, we do 
believe that we will be making significant investments. And that’s why I talked 
about earlier also what investment we are making. We will be in a position to 
be in the ballpark of the margins we have, little here and there, but similar 
margins in spite of the investment. But in the midterm, we are very sure that 
the margins will improve. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
On the growth side, do you believe it is directionally? How are you thinking? 
You think…? 
Kishor Patil: 
I did mention earlier. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 25 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
I got it. Perfect. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Kishor Patil: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from 
Serene Alpha. Please go ahead. 
Garvit Goyal: 
The first question is on this change in strategy. A few quarters back, we were 
speaking about a different strategy where we were speaking about getting the 
learning from China and providing services to the European OEMs, right? So, I 
am just trying to understand. Now we are speaking about a different, 
altogether different strategy, bringing some solutions. So, first question is, 
when we are speaking about the solution, is it applicable to the existing order 
book or existing pipeline that we are having? Or is it for the newer areas, 
newer upcoming pipeline that we will be getting in future? 
Kishor Patil: 
I think it is both. And as you have seen that, and I think Sachin mentioned 
that people prioritize what is actually required by them. So, many times there 
is a requirement, but they believe that certain features that they want to put 
in a car, they will prioritize it over some other things. So, that’s why, I mean, 
there have been many questions. I keep on saying, I don’t know what we call 
it, whether it be called cannibalization or changing in the priority of OEMs but 
that’s why the decision happens at that point of time from the OEMs. China 
remains important. We talked about it. I think, the reason the Chinese 
companies have been successful is that they understand the consumers very 
well and they created many solutions or features which can go in the car very 
quickly. So, that remains our learning and also the technology aspects. So, we 
continue to do that. You might have seen this time, this is the second OEM 
we have won which is a Chinese OEM, which we are very proud of. I mean, 
it’s not easy to win. And so I think the Chinese strategy is there and it will 
take some time, but we do believe that we will be successful over the period. 
Anup Sable: 
So, solution strategy is not a replacement to the adjacencies we talked about, 
defense, China, the European part of it. This is in addition to that. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Does that answer your question? 
Garvit Goyal: 
Yes. And secondly, the indications that we provided last time in Q2 regarding 
H2 this year, they have not yet reflected in Q3 as far as margins are concerned. 
And last time we also spoke on FY’27 to be a promising growth year. This time 
we are sounding a bit bearish while still guiding for a better FY’27. So, I just 
wanted to understand from you, like how to interpret this, means what has 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 25 
changed over the last quarter? And are we like still confident for a very good 
Q4 that we guided last time and a very promising FY’27? So, how to interpret 
it, sir? 
Kishor Patil: 
So, the first thing is that there is a change in Labour Code which was being 
discussed for last 3-4 years and it came in last 3-4 months. So, nobody knew 
when it would hit. It has one time impact and it has an ongoing impact 
specifically for this industry. So, that is point number one. Point number two, 
I would say that, I mentioned to you about the overall investments which we 
will continue to make. And I think we believe that it is very important from 
the company strategy viewpoint to continue to do that and actually double 
down on that. We have, and we will do that. Certainly, I would say that in Q3, 
, we have got a bit short by about a million dollar or so in organic growth. But 
that happens in this kind of environment by even some movement of projects 
from now to next quarter or so. So, this kind of changes happen in this kind 
of environment. And Q4, I mentioned that based on what we think, it will be 
better than all the three quarters we had. It doesn’t say much, but it will just 
say that there will be a positive growth organically and our profitability will 
be steady, including this cost, which will be higher than what it used to be. 
So, the quality of revenue should be better. And we also mentioned that the 
next year will be better than this year. Now, this is what we are saying based 
on the pivot we are taking in terms of solutions. As you know that we are a 
Company which will take a leadership first and start working on that. And it 
has generally given better results in the past. We have positioned ourselves 
and 4-5 years back, we took a bet and we worked on it, which was very 
difficult for many people to understand. And we delivered on that. We do 
believe that this will be a bet similar. It may take some time, but this will be 
an important pivot for us. 
Garvit Goyal: 
That’s it from my side. All the best for the future. 
Kishor Patil: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rishabh Rathi from 
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Rishabh Rathi: 
Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my questions. I was just trying to 
understand on businesses which we have already won over the past 12 
months. In your view, what are some of the milestones which need to be 
crossed before we can see some of these revenues, some of these businesses 
accelerating into revenues? And just secondly, can you share any early 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 25 
learning post the Caresoft acquisitions? What are the amount or magnitude 
of synergies you see from this asset? Thank you. 
Kishor Patil: 
So, For the pipeline, what we have won, the prioritization sometimes changes, 
so it gets slowed down. But many of these deals are over 3 to 4 years. So, I 
think these revenues will convert. I mentioned last time, we had given a 
number also that how much cannibalization had happened last year because 
of the drop. So, it doesn’t reflect exactly like what has been won from that 
perspective. On the Caresoft perspective, I think the integration, etc. we are 
already in the market. We are moving forward as Mr. Tikekar mentioned. I 
think we are also adding to their capabilities and adding one plus one to more 
than three. That’s basically the potential. Also, off-highway commercial, we 
see as a growth area. I mentioned that. And Caresoft gives us some good leads 
into that part. I would say that this is where we are. Also, on N-Dream, which 
is a small acquisition relatively, we see a high potential in that, specifically 
both in terms of growth and profitability. And it is already in two million 
vehicles, and we expect it to be about three million vehicles next year. So, 
this is how we started. And we are trying to see how, we can really leverage 
that platform for adding more services on the back of this engine. 
Rishabh Rathi: 
Thank you, and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vimal Jamnadas Gohil 
from Alchemy Capital Management. Please go ahead. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, I just had a question on the 
transformation that we are making. If you could take us internally, what are 
the metrics you’re tracking to gauge the progress of this transition? And as 
investors, how should we look at what metrics should we track, which you 
disclose in order to gauge what the progress means over the next 12 months 
to 18 months? The related question over there would be, ultimately, what are 
we looking at? What are the outcomes we are looking at? Maybe slightly lower 
in number? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Can you repeat the second part? So, first is, in the transition from services to 
solutions, what are the key parameters we will look at? What is the second 
one? 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: Internally, what are we tracking? And what investors, how should we look? 
They are probably more assured on the progress. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Yes. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 25 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: And the related question, sir, over there would be, how should we then, what’s 
the end outcome over here? Are we looking at secure customers? Are we 
looking at accelerated revenue growth, maybe a few years down the line, or 
maybe better margins? What’s the end outcome? Thank you. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
So, from the services to solutions, the one metric that completely changes is, 
what becomes most important to us is the revenue per employee. That’s 
something that we also write in our report. That’s one of the key measures 
that not only we track internally, but that’s something that makes sense for 
the analysts and investors also to look at. I think this becomes the most 
important. Other than that, I think there are many others that we have listed 
out that basically change related to the progress that we are making in terms 
of building up the solution, getting the market ready for that. And we have to 
also look at our CRM with a different length given the transition. 
Kishor Patil: 
So, I think what we will do is, at the end of the year, we will come out with a 
more detailed conversation on this. And we will share more details about it. 
Right now, we have some ideas. But in the next 3 to 6 months, we will have 
a better idea. But I guess in six months, we will be very sure about the criteria. 
And as you know, in the last 3 to 4 years, we started sharing as many things 
as possible as soon as we had a better handle on them. But we will share 
more at the end of the year. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
The second question is, what is the outcome? I think Mr. Patil already 
mentioned, you know what to expect. Obviously, increased wallet share from 
KPIT’s perspective. And of course, in the midterm, profitable growth. I think 
these are the two outcomes that we really expect in the midterm as we 
transition from being primarily a services company to primarily a solutions 
company. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: Understood, sir. Thank you very much and wishing you the very best. Thank 
you. 
Kishor Patil: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ankit Agrawal from 
Yellowstone Equity. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Agrawal: 
Thank you for taking my question. My question is related to Qorix as well as 
this solution-based shift. It sounds like what we are doing in Qorix is also 
solution-driven, although we are packaging it as a product. So, just want to 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 25 
understand what is the difference and also what is the traction we are getting 
on Qorix? 
Anup Sable: 
Qorix is both a product and a solution. Typically the complexity of a 
middleware software is you can never really take it shrink-wrapped. But the 
attempt is to make it as shrink-wrapped as possible. But whatever you deliver 
to the customer, there is always going to be an effort in terms of integration, 
the application software for that. So, that is the explanation on whether the 
Qorix is actually a product or a solution. So, it’s a combination of both. 
Kishor Patil: 
So, I think as you can see for some quarters there are fluctuations, this 
quarter we have got good revenues. it might not be true for the next quarter. 
So, it is based on the licenses. I think one thing I can tell you is there are again 
multiple changes which are happening. One is that, new vehicle programs 
have been pushed out because of the problems the OEMs faced in the existing 
program as well as keeping the spending in mind. I mean, I would say 
postponing the spending on the new programs. So, because of that, the 
middleware and operating system spend went down. And that’s the reason it 
doesn’t have as much traction as we had expected till now. But we believe 
this will be as you probably know that Qorix has become the part of a 
European Union software partnership which the European companies have 
made. And there are very significant OEMs who are a part of that. So, we do 
believe that this is something which is very unique and we feel that Qorix will 
have its fair share in some time. 
Ankit Agrawal: 
Okay. So, is it fair to say that Qorix is mostly focusing on middleware and 
architecture, whereas our solutions-based approach is granular across so 
many different domains? 
Anup Sable: 
Yes. Actually, Qorix is less than architecture. It’s mostly middleware. 
Architecture is a much more comprehensive subject which KPIT is handling. 
It’s not a part of the Quarix activity. Whereas KPIT is handling maybe across 
all the domains now, including because architecture is also a domain for us 
now. Including architecture domain, KPIT is handling solutions across multiple 
domains. 
Ankit Agrawal: 
Okay. Yes, that’s helpful. Okay. Thank you. 
Anup Sable: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Sandeep Shah from 
Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 25 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. In this pivot to solution-driven business, is it fair 
to assume as we are taking a lead in SDV ahead versus peers in terms of 
solution-based delivery method, we are planning to repeat the same thing, 
which will help us in terms of winning the further wallet share and may help 
some of the Western OEMs, both in the US and Europe, to launch the new 
model as fast as Chinese EV players or the OEMs are launching and taking the 
wallet share? 
Anup Sable: 
Yes, your line is not very clear, but let me explain what I understood out of 
the question. Your question to summarize is, is the solution offering that we 
have to the OEMs going to increase or better their time to market? Yes, the 
answer is yes. Most of the solutions that we are talking about, some of them, 
definitely some of them are really about very, very difficult things that the 
OEM does during the development of a vehicle. And because we have these 
solutions ready, we definitely feel that the time to market will significantly 
decrease for the OEMs. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just another related question, more as a bookkeeping. In a pivot to 
solution, we will not change any accounting policy in terms of capitalizing the 
development cost. We may continue to not capitalize and take it to P&L. Is 
the understanding correct? 
Kishor Patil: 
So, as you have seen for many years, we have not capitalized anything unless 
there is a new investor in a certain area. So, in the normal course of business, 
there won’t be any capitalization. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sameer Dosani from 
ICICI Prudential. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I hope I am audible. I am not sure whether this is 
already addressed. So, Asia, as a geography, has been declining for a few 
quarters. And what I understand, we had a mega deal here, we have a large 
client, and they’ve been backtracking or they’ve been reducing spending in 
certain areas. So, can you throw some light what will happen in Asia as a 
geography and when will we start growing for us? That’s my first question. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
We look at Asia in two regions. One is Japan, Korea, China. Second is India 
and Southeast Asia and Middle East. You’re right about a specific OEM, A, we 
have been doing a really large program and all large programs come to an end. 
So, we will go through that. However, what we have done in Japan is we have 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 19 of 25 
started working with a couple of others. And hopefully, you know, over a 
period of time, that will give us some growth, not only in Japan, but also in 
Korea. And as Mr. Patil explained, we have started to see some wins coming 
out of China. So, as a region, we believe that it will come back in some time. 
However, the India and Southeast Asia part will grow. It’s been growing for us 
and we see a lot more growth. Now that India has become the focus for most 
of the OEMs across the globe. So, it’s not only the India OEMs, the existing 
OEMs, the new OEMs, new age OEMs in India. But at the same time, the global 
OEMs want to come and look at India for India. And that poses an incredible 
opportunity for KPIT. And I think most of our solutions will be ready in time 
to help these OEMs launch new vehicle programs in India. So, we remain very 
bullish on India, not only now, but in the foreseeable future. That’s how I 
would, so that’s what I would say for now. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Asia will continue to remain stable in declining and then start growing, like it 
will take 6 months, 12 months, maybe even months. How do you think about 
that? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
I think we will see some ups and downs with really large programs. We have 
to make some adjustments. So, we will see some ups and downs. But, in next 
2 or 3 quarters, we will see growth coming back in Asia as well. Because we 
have been sowing seeds into new OEMs across Asia. And, some of them have 
started to grow. Some will take a little bit longer. So, I would say, by middle 
of next year, we should start to see growth coming back in Asia. 
Kishor Patil: 
Just to add to what we said, in Asia, we have broken this into two geographies, 
as Mr. Tikekar mentioned, and that you will start seeing, that we will start 
reporting also from next year. And we see a significant growth in the India 
and Southeast Asia and Middle East kind of geography. And as we say, even 
China, we see that. And we have, in Japan and Korea is where we will see a 
few ups and downs, but we will stabilize it. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Got it, sir. That’s good to hear. And second is, sir, when you speak about 
consolidation, right? So, like there are three buckets where you can 
consolidate, right? One is, obviously, taking work that is getting done in the 
OEMs, you outsource that and gain wallet share. Second is you gain wallet 
share from on-site-based vendors. And third is from offshore-led India 
players. So, obviously, consolidation would be a factor of all three, but where 
is the maximum share coming from at this point of time when you consolidate 
vendors or you try to win wallet share? 
Kishor Patil: 
It’s not exactly like that, but in Europe, it is from the on-site vendors too. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 20 of 25 
Sachin Tikekar: 
That’s right. I think it’s all three. In Europe, as Mr. Patil said, it’s mostly 
consolidation movement from largely local vendors to more of global vendors. 
And with solutions, you know, it really doesn’t matter whether it’s on-site or 
offshore, right? The world becomes a level playing field. So, we compete and 
we win against the competition. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Got it. That’s good to hear. And thanks for taking my questions and all the 
best for the future. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Bhavik Mehta from 
JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Hi, thank you. The first question is, if you look at your peers’ commentary over 
the last few weeks, everybody’s talking about a good demand outlook, positive 
deal conversion to revenues, which should be in excess going forward. So, 
just curious to know, do you share the same outlook or is it something 
different for KPIT team? Peers have been talking about good growth in 
automotive. 
Kishor Patil: 
So, I think we have given the sense of what we are saying. We have mentioned 
how the different geographies are behaving. We, of course, as you know, that 
as compared to most of our peers, we have a much wider scope in terms of 
clients and the market as well as the volume. And we are actually seeing the 
change in the behavior of OEMs and the requirements. And we believe that if 
this is the case , what steps we are taking are most important in terms of 
long-term growth potential, and that’s why we are talking about this growth. 
So, we would not generally make a statement. We would say that off-highway 
commercial, there is a growth which we would see, but not exactly the same 
statement in case of passengers cars across, on board. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
This second question is on AI solutions. So, we have seen a lot of IT companies 
and even some of your peers try this solutions approach or IT-based approach 
in the past, but haven’t seen much success out there. So, what is different 
this time? It gives you confidence that AI solutions can become a bigger part 
of your business in the next 2 to 3 years and is there any target you have in 
mind in terms of how much the solutions can contribute to revenues versus 
the course of the next three year period? 
Anup Sable: 
Last six months, I am personally actually executing projects where internally 
we are solving the problems using AI. That makes me more confident, makes 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 21 of 25 
us very confident in terms of what it can do and how it can be done. So, we 
are very clear about what AI can deliver to our customers. I would suggest 
you also listen to the interview that Anthropic CEO had given during Davos. 
We are in full agreement with him that we have the solution ready to solve 
our customers’ problem. I think it is up to the customer’s adoption now in 
terms of how they adopt AI quickly into their life cycle. But we are ready. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
And I think what has changed from last time, there are two things. It didn’t 
work as much. So, a lot of lessons learned. And I think this time, most of the 
solutions have been vetted by the client. And some of them are already been 
piloted during the course of this year and last. So, that gives us a lot more 
confidence that this time is going to take some time, as Mr. Patil mentioned, 
12 months to 18 months before we start to make the shift. And in the next 
couple of years, we would want the majority of our business to come from 
solutions. 
Kishor Patil: 
One thing I mentioned is we are focused only on mobility and that gives a very 
different advantage as such. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vidyadhar Ginde from 
Soham Asset Managers Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vidyadhar Ginde: 
Thank you. So, my first question is that in the last few quarters, when your 
growth has slowed down, has your share of the pie gone down or you’ve lost 
market share or the pie itself for you has gone down or is it both? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
So, basically, if you look at mobility, from passenger car perspective, their 
spend has gone down by 20% to 25%. It’s a dramatic, I think their volumes 
have gone down substantially, their profits have gone down even more. Except 
for one or two clients, we have not lost our wallet share in any of our T25 
clients. In case of majority, we have actually gained wallet share. So, basically, 
the pie has shrunk quite a bit and that’s the reality at this point. 
Kishor Patil: 
The other way to look at it, if you look at an industry, all other ER&D providers 
and you look at their automotive business, mobility business, in the year-on-
year, they have a significant reduction in this sector.  
Vidyadhar Ginde: 
So, my second question was, so your medium to long term outlook, if I am 
not wrong, will depend on whether these global OEMs which dominated global 
market share, whether they can stop losing market share to the guys who are 
ahead in the new world, which is Tesla and the Chinese guys. So, am I correct 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 22 of 25 
in assuming that your medium to long term outlook really depends on these 
guys or then making otherwise making dramatic market share gains in the 
challengers who are gaining market share? 
 
Kishor Patil: 
There are three answers to your question. First is, this was exactly the 
question people asked me in 2019. People said that there is a Tesla and Tesla 
will take all the business from all the OEMs. That was 2019. This was asked 
very often. That was number one. Number two, I would say that we have 
started working with Chinese OEMs and we have been successful in getting 
Chinese clients. This itself tells us that we are doing something right and , we 
are very sure that this automotive business is so critical to the economy, this 
forms roughly 15% of the GDP of most of the countries. So, it’s very critical 
and many OEMs will survive. So, actually the transformation will help. I mean, 
we would be of help to them. Third is, we are also going into certain different 
adjacencies as well as areas like off-highway commercial where we believe 
that we will be in a position to grow in that area. So, that’s the broad-based 
strategy we have adopted. 
Vidyadhar Ginde: 
So, just to take this forward, you are reasonably confident that a lot of your 
global legacy OEMs will survive, stop losing market share. Is that the case? 
Kishor Patil: 
That, I will say that they will continue to spend. That’s what I would say. They 
will prioritize their spend and they would take a call in terms of which are the 
profitable lines versus other lines. So, their volume, you cannot say, but the 
people will adjust their strategy to that line and most of the OEMs will 
continue, but I am sure there will be a few casualties. That’s what we 
mentioned earlier. 
Vidyadhar Ginde: 
What comes to my mind is the mobile industry where Nokia from being a 
market leader, you know where it is now. So, do you see at least all the guys 
put together here, at least it’s not just one Nokia, it’s a lot of OEMs put 
together? 
Kishor Patil: 
There’s a big difference in these two industries. 
Vidyadhar Ginde: 
You don’t expect that to happen? 
Kishor Patil: 
There is a big difference between these two because the shelf life of a mobile 
phone versus the life of a car which is there on the road for 12 years to 15 
years is very different. The type what it requires is very different. So, it’s a 
different ecosystem and life cycle. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 23 of 25 
Vidyadhar Ginde: 
Thanks a lot. 
Kishor Patil: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ankur Pant from IIFL 
Finance. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Pant: 
Hi, thanks you for taking my question. I have two questions. The first is, as 
you highlighted, mobility ER&D budgets have fallen sharply last year. So, just 
an initial sense of your conversations, what does it suggest for this year? Do 
you expect stabilization, in fact decline to continue? Or is there some growth 
also that you’re building in? Just wanted a sense. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Ankur, as I mentioned earlier on, of course, all the OEMs continue to be under 
pressure. So, the overall spend is not likely to go up. However, there are 
certain areas where they’re prioritizing spend. And I called out those areas 
earlier. And those are the areas where we actually specialize. We have deep 
specialization, digital cockpit, cyber security, then navigation on autopilot, and 
also multiple powertrains. I think this is where they’re prioritizing their spend. 
And we are also bringing in the cost reduction element from the vehicle 
perspective. So, these are the five areas that are in fashion in the minds of 
the OEMs. And we are ready to take those on. 
Ankur Pant: 
Thanks. And my second question is with respect to the solutions pivot. Now, 
historically, for AI and pre-built solutions, OEMs have been generally varied, 
given that there are risks involved in a vehicle. So, what is changing this time? 
And given the upfront nature of investments that you would need to make on 
this, what gives you the confidence that multiple solutions will see broad-
based adoption across OEMs? So, they would have been vetted by a few 
clients, but what gives you confidence in the broad-based nature of adoption? 
Kishor Patil: 
I think it is our experience. I think in both the cases we know, and now the 
few more discussions we are having, it is not a choice for them. It is not IT. 
They have a choice to do something or this or that. Here, they are stuck with 
the production programs, and they are not sure whether they can really come 
out with a vehicle. This happened with two OEMs, and now we have some 
more discussions. And in order to take it out, there are hardly any alternative 
solutions, and where we are ready to take the full responsibility. We are not 
just giving a tool. We are not doing what they tell us to do. We are ready to 
take full ownership and deliver. 
Ankur Pant: 
Perfect. Thank you, and all the best for CY’26. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 24 of 25 
Kishor Patil: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Rohan Nagpal from Helios Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Nagpal: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow up on the customer 
project that you said was coming to an end in Japan. I think after we 
announced the mega deal with Honda, JPY revenue went from being 
somewhere around 10 million a quarter to all the way up to 40, and now it is 
to 30. Where does this sort of bottom out in terms of this engagement? 
Because I think at the time that the engagement was announced, we said that 
KPIT will work with Honda through 2030. Has that been part of the 
reprioritization in any way? 
Kishor Patil: 
I think that is correct. We will continue to work with them, and there are 
different programs we are continuing to work with them. And this program is, 
as other programs it has delayed, so some of the new programs have been a 
little bit pushed out. And some of these changes are because of that, but we 
absolutely are strategically in place with OEM. And we will continue to work 
2030 and beyond. Typically, our OEM engagement, if you have seen, there are 
many OEMs who are working for 20 years, and the business has not got down. 
It keeps on going up, so it takes some time. This was a very large deal, and 
specifically I talked about the Japan part, where the economy has got 
impacted, specifically through the uncertainties and etc. So, there are some, 
what I would say that delays in the production program, for the taking up the 
new programs, investing into new programs, and that may impact a little bit. 
It will impact to some extent, but it is not going to be a zero or something 
like that. 
Rohan Nagpal: 
But are we close to steady state right now? Or is there more sort of, we get 
a better handle? 
Kishor Patil: 
So, I would say, we don’t know, in 1 or 2 quarters, it may go down further or 
not. But over the period, if you look at the end of the year, we would be more, 
because then the new opportunities which are happening, new programs 
which are happening will catch up. So, it’s very hard to tell quarter-to-quarter 
client-wise, we will never give any answer on. 
Rohan Nagpal: 
Fair enough. Okay, that’s it from my end. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Karan Uppal from Philip 
Capital India. Please go ahead. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 25 of 25 
Karan Uppal: 
Thanks for the follow-up. Just a bookkeeping question. So, interest cost has 
inched up in the last few quarters. Do you expect this to remain elevated in 
the next few quarters or maybe next year? And secondly, depreciation has 
also increased to Rs. 81 crores after full integration of Caresoft. So, shall we 
expect this depreciation line item to stabilize from here on? 
Priya Hardikar: 
Yes, depreciation line item will stabilize. This quarter, it had a full impact of 
N-Dream customer intangible as well as one month of Caresoft. So, it will 
stabilize. Second question was on the interest cost. In interest cost, we did 
have interest cost on the borrowing that we had the previous quarter as well 
as some of the interest cost on the deferred payment calculations and the 
acquisition accounting. So, yes, both these costs will stabilize now. 
Karan Uppal: 
So, Priya maam, this interest cost, shall we assume this Rs. 23 crores as a run 
rate for future quarters? 
Priya Hardikar: 
No, it can lower a little bit, but yes, more or less in the same range. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. And all the best for FY’26. 
Kishor Patil: 
Thank you. I think we are already over time. So, I think we should end the call 
now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As will take this as the last question and I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Thank you very much. So, thank you everyone for being on the call and wish 
you all the best. Thank you. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
