 
Registered Office: 23rd Floor, VIOS Tower at New Cuffe Parade, Off Eastern Freeway, Wadala, Mumbai 400037 
Tel: 91 22 6232 7400 / Website: www.rallis.com 
CIN: L36992MH1948PLC014083 
 
January 28, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500355 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: RALLIS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the third 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025 
 
Further to our letter dated January 10, 2026, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Analyst/Investors Call on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the third quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2025 held on Wednesday, January 21, 2026. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.rallis.com/investors/Financial-Performance 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rallis India Limited 
 
 
 
Sariga P Gokul 
Company Secretary & Compliance officer 
 
Encl: As above 
SARIGA 
P GOKUL
Digitally signed by 
SARIGA P GOKUL 
Date: 2026.01.28 
11:20:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Rallis India Limited 
Q3 & 9 months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
January 21, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. GYANENDRA SHUKLA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – RALLIS INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. BHASKAR SWAMINATHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – RALLIS INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Rallis India Limited 
 
 
January 21, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to the Rallis India Limited Q3 and 9 Months 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchstone phone. We have with us today Dr. Gyanendra Shukla, 
Managing Director and CEO; and Bhaskar Swaminathan, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's discussion 
may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement 
in this regard is available in the results presentation. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now invite Dr. Shukla to begin with the proceedings of the call. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: 
Thanks, qood morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today on Rallis India Limited Q3 
& 9M FY'26 Earnings Call. As mentioned, I have alongside myself our CFO, Mr Bhaskar 
Swaminathan. 
Let me begin the discussion by initially delving into the industry landscape, post which I will 
discuss Rallis Specific Developments. 
Talking about domestic market—Agrochemical demand remains weak due to stressed demand 
drivers (weather issues, low crop prices), leading to industry-wide volume decline. 
Farmer interest in purchasing high value products dropped due to lower crop and horticulture 
prices. South & West India saw sharp demand declines, while East & North remained stable. 
According to official data, all kharif crops barring paddy ruled 9-30% below the respective 
Minimum Support Prices during harvesting period Oct-Dec ’25. 
Rabi acreage is higher YoY and channel stocks are slightly elevated. Official dashboards 
confirm Rabi acreage up by ~3% YoY in wheat, oilseeds & Pulses as of Jan’26 1st week data 
which is supportive for Q4 sell-out and early Kharif placement. 
The sector is on track for 3-4% growth in FY26 to ~USD 9.6–10.0 bn. Seeds category remains 
a structural 5–10% CAGR story. 
Volumes will benefit from stronger acreage and moisture, but margins are expected to remain 
stable-to-soft. The market should favour low-cost producers with export breadth and tight 
working-capital discipline. 
Pricing power stays limited as global competition intensifies with China continues the primary 
supplier, capping realizations. 
Rapid resets in key technicals (glyphosate/glufosinate/paraquat) can reprice on-hand inventory 
and can compress margins. 
Export volumes are improving as inventories normalize, but realizations remain capped. Weaker 
currency would cushion margins but not offset broad price pressure. 
On the weather side, ENSO (El-Nino Southern Oscillation) is expected to run neutral through 
winter, reducing tail-risks from extreme anomalies. IMD guidance points to neutral ENSO (El-
Nino Southern Oscillation) through DJF 2026; negative IOD is weakening—less chance of 
disruptive extremes. 

 
 
Rallis India Limited 
 
 
January 21, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
The Draft Pesticides Management Bill, 2025 referring quality controls, lab accreditation, digital 
traceability & stiffer penalties is a structural positive for organized players. Proposed Seeds Bill 
measures which include registration/QR tagging keep compliance in focus and raise barriers to 
entry over the medium term. 
The global agrochemical market particularly crop protection market, valued at approximately 
$75 billion in 2025, is projected to grow at a CAGR of ~5.5%. Herbicide globally is the major 
category followed by insecticide and fungicides. 
Upside potential hinges on expanded acreage in the Americas and regulatory clarity for new 
genomic techniques (NGTs) in the EU, while trade policies and Chinese pricing represent key 
uncertainties. 
Export recovery is gradual as global inventories normalize. U.S. 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid 
Anti-Dumping/Countervailing Duties has reset landed costs and reshaped herbicide trade flows.  
Global reliance on China persists as it supplies ~99% of glyphosate production outside the US, 
~85% of US glufosinate imports, and ~100% of US atrazine as per 2024-25 data—exposing 
costs to tariff and policy shifts. 
Chinese producers are pivoting toward branded formulations & overseas registrations, 
increasing competition in value-added generics. This is something to watch out for Indian 
players. 
Leading seed companies prioritize disease-resistant, drought-tolerant, and pest-resistant 
varieties through advanced biotechnology and gene-editing innovations. 
Indian agrochemical exports to key markets like the US and Brazil are growing 5-6%, supported 
by destocking normalization. USDA WASDE data for Dec 2025 showed an uptick in the stock-
to-use ratio for Indian rice, but little change otherwise.  
Moving on to Rallis Specific Developments – We had an encouraging Q3FY26 performance 
despite unseasonal October rains and higher-than-normal reported crop damage. 
Our Q3FY26 revenue stood at ₹ 623 cr versus ₹ 522 cr of Q3FY25. Overall EBITDA for 
Q3FY26 stood at ₹ 58 cr, higher by 29% compared to Q3 of the previous year. Profit after tax 
stood at ₹ 2 cr versus ₹ 11 cr of Q3FY25, which is 81% lower than the previous year, same 
quarter. Exceptional items include gratuity provision of ₹ 40 cr on account of wage code 
implementation. 
Across the technical’s portfolio, we are continuously broadening our customer base and securing 
additional registrations with global players to drive share gains. 
In Metribuzin, we achieved higher volumes in Q3FY26 surpassing Q3FY25 volumes. 
Pendimethalin shows promising track with long-term demand remaining steady. Q3FY26 
volumes have surpassed Q3FY25 volumes. 
Hexaconazole & Acephate volumes had constraints in Q3FY26 in comparison to Q3FY25 
volumes. 
Capacity utilization has also improved. 
New Launches & Initiatives 
We launched one new Herbicide ‘Fateh Nxt’ during the quarter. In 9M we have launched 9 
new products - 7 Herbicides & 2 Fungicides.  
We launched NuCode under Soil and Plant Heath category- A biologicals platform covering 
bio-fertilizers, bio-stimulants, bio-pesticides.  

 
 
Rallis India Limited 
 
 
January 21, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Partnership announced with Paryan Alliance for FullPage® herbicide-tolerant rice technology 
in India. 
 
We have recently unveiled Idea2impact which is an open-innovation platform to co-create, 
validate, and scale farmer-centric solutions. It invites startups, researchers, and partners to 
collaborate with Rallis.  
We have launched Sampark Plus app for unified field operations. This will act as a demand 
creation platform for both seeds & Crop care businesses. 
 
We have been granted Indian patent for Metsulfuron Methyl+ Clodinafop-Propargyl 
+Metribuzin, a three-way herbicide combination for wheat. We have also been granted US 
patent for Mesotrione process. 
The near-term outlook remains positive, underpinned by healthy reservoir levels, increased 
acreages, and stronger engagement with domestic & export customers. We are focused on long-
term value drivers such as deepening customer-centricity, sharpening portfolio choices, 
accelerating product launches, expanding strategic alliances and farmer reach, and embedding 
digitalization across operations. 
That concludes with my opening remark. I will now hand it over to Bhaskar, our CFO for a 
detailed analysis of the financial situation. 
Over to you, Bhaskar. 
Bhaskar Swaminathan: 
Thank you, Dr. Gyanendra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our 
Q3 & 9M FY'26 Earnings Call. 
I will walk you through our Financial Performance for the Quarter, post which we shall 
commence the Q&A session. 
Starting with the top line for the quarter – our Q3FY26 revenue stood at ₹ 623 cr as against           
₹ 522 cr for the same period last year resulting in overall growth of ~19%. Overall volume 
growth has been ~28% with pricing de-growth by ~8%. 
Overall EBITDA for Q3FY26 stood at ₹ 58 cr, higher by 29% compared to Q3 of the previous 
year. Profit after tax at ₹ 2 cr versus ₹ 11 cr of Q3FY25, which is 81% lower than the previous 
year, same quarter. Exceptional items include gratuity provision of ₹ 40 cr on account of wage 
code implementation. 
Crop Care Segment grew by 18% to ₹ 580 cr in Q3FY26 from ₹ 492 cr in Q3FY25 due to volume 
expansion, new product promotion, & increased digital engagement.  
Moving to Seeds Business – Seeds Revenue grew by 46% to ₹ 43 Cr in Q3FY26 from ₹ 30 Cr 
in Q3FY25 due to volume growth driven by paddy, mustard and wheat. In the current quarter, 
we have achieved healthy product placements in paddy. 
Soil & Plant Health category grew by 16% to ₹ 73 cr from ₹ 62 cr in Q3FY26 in comparison to 
Q3FY25, registering both price and volume growth. We progressed in compliance in majority of 
the states post successful migration of bio-stimulant production inhouse. 
Exports (B2B) topline grew by 73% to ₹ 129 cr from ₹ 75 cr and have shown promising growth 
due to volume growth, expansion in customer base and driving capacity utilization of our plants. 
CSM Q3FY26 revenue also displayed positive run rate lodging 26% growth to ₹ 46 cr from ₹ 37 
cr. 
Moving into Domestic (B2C) – 13% growth in Q3FY26 registering ₹ 391 cr revenue vis-a-vis   
₹ 347 cr in Q3FY25, which was driven by volume growth of 25%. Volume was driven by strong 
performance in Fungicides primarily supported by potato and cumin crops. The negative price 
impact is due to liquidation of near expiry materials. 

 
 
Rallis India Limited 
 
 
January 21, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
For the nine-month period, topline revenue stood at ₹ 2441 cr reflecting growth of 9% year-on-
year. Crop Care revenue stood at ₹ 1,991 crore, reflecting 8% growth year-on-year, driven by 
volume expansion despite price softness. Seeds revenue increased to ₹ 450 crore, delivering 15% 
growth year-on-year, supported by cotton and maize along with improved contribution from 
licensed products.  
The B2C business recorded growth of 3% delivering ₹ 1401 cr of revenue. 
The B2B business recorded growth of 22% delivering ₹ 590 cr of revenue supported by volume 
growth and expansion of the customer base. 
In Crop care segment, expanding our customer base and product portfolio is strengthening 
business resilience. We are driving focused execution across the front line and operations—
optimizing the portfolio, rationalizing territories, eliminating overlaps, and simplifying costs 
across the value chain. We remain disciplined on capital efficiency across both fixed and 
working capital. 
In seeds segment, our primary focus will center on five strategic crops—Cotton, Maize, Millet, 
Mustard, and Rice—where selective concentration will drive operational scale and efficiency. 
We aim to methodically expand our presence across these crops while prioritizing profitability 
at every stage. 
Our digital-led initiatives are accelerating targeted reach and penetration, with momentum 
remaining strong. In parallel, we are rationalizing the portfolio and sharpening our focus on 
priority markets.  
At quarter end our inventory levels remain slightly elevated in comparison to the same quarter 
of last year and collections remain smooth. We have healthy cash and liquid balance of Rs. 455 
cr as of 31st December. 
In summary, we are implementing various initiatives, and we are committed towards achieving 
consistent, competitive, and profitable growth. 
That concludes our opening remarks. We can now commence the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Viraj from SiMPL. Please go ahead.  
Viraj: 
Just a couple of questions. First is, if you can give the volume price trend for the quarter in 
domestic, B2C and international business? And a related question is, we've seen a healthy 
placement in Q3 in the domestic business for us. So any color you can give in terms of the 
liquidation and the industry? It was going into Q2 -- I mean going into Q3 industry reported a 
lot of inventory in the system. So any color you can give on that? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So Bhaskar can give a specific number, but I can tell you -- so for example, there is a significant 
growth in our seed business compared to the same quarter last year. I think it is all because of 
the crops we were -- this is in spite of there was a weak mustard season. So I think we're in good 
shape. Our export business also has gone up significantly where there's no risk, right? Our top 
line has grown and export actually has grown by almost 73%. 
 
In seeds there was a growth of 46%. Soil and plant health 16%. So all those are good. The only 
challenge remains sometimes in domestic crop protection. That has grown by 13%. And I think 
it's a combination of our promotional activities, digital engagement and some of the activities 
we have been taking it combines with new launches. 

 
 
Rallis India Limited 
 
 
January 21, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
So I think we feel confident about what we have placed in the market. We are very careful in the 
way we track our basically placement and remainder of the inventory. Two things, a season is 
still on, a lot of displays will happen in January, February and March. So we need to have an 
inventory in the market. 
 
At the same time, we try to look at receivable situation because that's the best indicator of what 
is happening in the marketplace. At this point of time, it looks in line with what we should be 
doing. Bhaskar, you want to answer the question on volume and price? 
Bhaskar Swaminathan: 
I think the question is mainly on quality of placement as well as in terms of what is coming back. 
We are quite in control in terms of the returns, and that basically indicates the quality and focus 
with which we place in the market. In terms of the quarter, volume has basically played ~25% 
positive impact and price have played a negative ~12% impact. 
Viraj: 
Is this for the domestic B2C? 
Bhaskar Swaminathan: 
Yes. 
Viraj: 
Okay. And on the soil and plant health segment, I think last quarter, we were expecting approvals 
to come maybe by end of Q4 and a normalized environment starting into 2027. So the approval 
which you have got is just for us or generally for organized players in the industry, everyone, so 
the issue by and large addressed by everyone in the space or we have managed to get an early 
lead? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Yes. So I think see, in our agriculture business, what you miss is missed, right? Having said that, 
whatever regulatory changes happened, they are, by and large, good for large organized players, 
and that is reflected in recovery we are having. So here, we have grown both in price and volume, 
and we have been able to migrate our business to -- we've taken, for example, one of the 
biostimulant we had a challenge. 
 
So we have moved the production inhouse. And as a result, there is a growth of 16% in quarter 
3. I know towards the end of quarter 1 and quarter 2 were very challenging because of the 
regulatory constraints. So we have addressed most of those issues now. And I guess, I cannot 
really comment about competition, but I'm sure every company is taking such steps particularly 
large organized players, they would like to fix their house. 
Viraj: 
Okay. Just last question, I'll come back in queue. How large is the unorganized market was in 
the soil and health segment or the biostimulant space? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So see, I think it's a category which has 6, 7 subcategories. I would say, very difficult to put a 
number, but there are hundreds of players operating. Let's put it that way, right? The regional 
players, the national players, I certainly see that number shrinking and more authentic players 
coming up in the marketplace. It's very difficult to give you a number, but it's too many. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arjun Khanna from Kotak Mahindra Asset Management. 

 
 
Rallis India Limited 
 
 
January 21, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sir, the first question is regarding the Chinese VAT rebate, which will be discontinued. Now 
some of the products we export including, say, an acephate or ethion, etcetera. So how do you 
look at it in terms of the impact? I know formulations are not part of this. But in terms of 
technical exports, how do we see this play out for us going forward? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Yes. So we don't do ethion. We only do acephate, we do metribuzin, we do hexaconazole, we 
do metalaxyl, those kind of products. I think this rebate thing is a new, which is applicable from 
April. So we have to understand. I certainly believe when they remove the incentive by the 
month of April, how much they would have already supplied and have they supplied enough to 
cater to the market. 
 
So I think we have to wait for how it will evolve. I think generally, it's a positive movement to 
say, it probably reflects the challenges Chinese companies face in terms of overcapacity and also 
maybe this is an attempt by Chinese government to really encourage consolidation of players 
there because China has also a lot of players, those who are into technical fields and many of 
them are actually migrating to, what we call, registering their own product and participating in 
direct formulation market. 
 
So I think you'll have to wait for some more information to filter in as I know it is applicable 
only from April. But it will certainly lead -- I mean if there's not too much a production 
happening for a particular AI, it should lead to some price increase and some consolidation in 
players. 
Arjun Khanna: 
So we have seen a very strong third quarter, albeit the base wasn't extremely high, but yet the 
numbers are very robust. So given that in the fourth quarter, do you anticipate dumping where 
it may have an impact on a quarter or that is not something that we are seeing, say, in dispatches 
for Jan and Feb? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
No. So I think we have planned for a normal quarter. We don't advance sale or we don't 
unnecessarily delay the sale. I think we go by the seasonal demand. I think fourth quarter is an 
important from, (a) there is a crop on the ground. (b) for us, cotton season begins, again, there's 
some element of when the government announced cotton seed price because cotton gets planted 
early in northern part of India, we have to start placing. 
 
There's also some bajra seed business, which happens in quarter 3. So we have factored 
everything which is -- and this maize business as well. So I think we have planned for the normal 
quarter. Hopefully, we'll be able to sustain some momentum we have created. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. Sir, just the final question, in terms of our growth going forward. So how do we envisage 
the deployment of the cash on balance sheet because that continues to grow? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So cash on the balance sheet, obviously, one thing is, obviously, we need cash to meet our 
working capital requirement as we grow business. As we said, look, while we do not give a 
guidance, aspirationally, we want to grow in double digit, and we also want to expand our 
margin. 

 
 
Rallis India Limited 
 
 
January 21, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
So cash is helpful from that perspective because it also allows us to sometimes negotiate better 
prices, right, depending on the situation credit versus cash, kind of situation. Obviously, one area 
which I've been talking, we keep seeking opportunities where if we come across a good 
opportunity to grow inorganically, any of the verticals we operate, 3 particular verticals, we want 
to use that cash for those purposes as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jagveer Singh from Shade Capital. 
Jagveer Singh: 
Sir, in the presentation, you have mentioned some inventory liquidation in the fourth quarter. So 
what is the impact of this on our company Rallis India? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So look, you have to always place product in the market because it has to go from factory to 
CNF, CNF to distributor to retailer and farmers also end up buying a few days in advance at 
least before they want the space, the product has to be in the market. I think the numbers reflect 
what has been actually consumed and what might be lying in the market. The way we track these 
things is -- so we are hoping all of this will get liquidated. We will also be able to invite some 
fresh inventory, which is an ongoing business. 
 
Agriculture never goes completely silent in any part of the country. For example, Eastern region 
might start little early, particularly Assam, Bengal and all, tea plantations and all. The season of 
Apple start early in Kashmir and all. So I think it's a continuing business. All we are watching 
when we declare a quarter number, we have to ensure that we are not posting volume 
unnecessary in the marketplace when there's no demand. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. 
Abhijit Akella: 
So just one quick clarification on the numbers first, if I may. And by the way, thank you so much 
to Bhaskar and team for sharing the revenue breakdown, very helpful. But just to clarify, of this 
INR580 crores top tier revenue that you've reported for this quarter, is it correct to conclude that 
basically exports are INR129 crores, as Bhaskar mentioned, CSM INR46 crores and B2C 
domestic INR391 crores, I think that adds up to about INR566 crores, but are those the 3 main 
components? And what would the remaining piece be, if any? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So there's other small businesses, which we don't add here. For example, we have a household 
pesticide business. There's another small segment we have got. But these are the numbers he has 
given breakup for the majority in general. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay. So these are the only 3 components. And soil and plant health is over and above this, 
right? That is not part of crop care business? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Yes. Soil and plant health, we clubbed with the crop care. So I think when we say crop care, it 
has a crop protection, domestic exports, CSM as well as soil and plant health. Soil and Plant 
health is about INR73 crores. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Just on the seeds business, we've seen a further reduction in losses there, as well as fairly healthy 
revenue growth this quarter. I know in the past, you've talked about getting the seed business 
margins to significantly higher levels on a full year basis, closer to 25% or so. So what exactly 

 
 
Rallis India Limited 
 
 
January 21, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
are the interventions we are making? And how confident do we feel that we are on track, by 
when could we sort of aspire to get close to that target? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So I think seed business could be very chunky in growth depending on the new product launches. 
We had some momentum because of the North cotton hybrid, and now we have launched some 
products in maize and rice and bajra, we are seeing some momentum. I think the margin 
expansion primarily will happen because of operating leverages. We are well staffed team, our 
R&D cost is controlled. 
 
So our cost of doing business basically will go based on the inflation. So if we can deliver any 
growth higher than the cost of inflation. I think we'll be able to and when you have a new product, 
you're able to price it differently if it's a good product, you're able to sell more faster. So 
combination of new launches, expansion of the products we have got and benefiting from 
operating leverage, these are the 3 levers, I think, will help us drive margin. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Right, sir. Any sort of aspirational time line towards getting to that closer to mid-20s kind of 
margin level? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So I mean, obviously, I mean we always shy away from giving a guidance, but last year, I said, 
look, aspirationally in 5 years, I want to take my seed business closer to INR1,000 crores. Soil 
and plant health business, I want to grow by 4x from where it was, INR225 crores to INR700 
crores, INR800 crores. These 2 are relatively high-margin businesses. 
 
And then obviously, CSM also is a high-margin business, though it is small and in B2C, domestic 
as well as B2B export, we have to be competitive with Chinese players. We do get some brand 
premium in the domestic business. So I mean as I've been saying aspirationally, I want to grow 
company in double digit from a revenue perspective and expand the margin on an overall 
blended basis to 500 basis points in 5 years. 
 
So I'm on track, I believe, this year we had some setbacks in kharif, right, because of the 
excessive rain which happened in the month of August and September, that as a result, some 
sprays were missed. There was a lot of setback for the companies operating in soybean and 
cotton in herbicide segment. So all of those things will keep happening the way I have 
internalized it. Look, we have technically 4 segments, B2B, B2C within the crop protection, then 
I have a seed business and soil and plant health. 
 
There's a small fifth segment, I would say CSM, they will not all fire -- unlikely to fire all of 
them at the same time. All we have to ensure is that no, we are doing the right things in each of 
those businesses so that we are ready whenever opportunity presents. So focus on R&D from a 
manufacturing standpoint of view, customer standpoint of view to keep launching new products. 
Looking at partnerships to win contracts in CSM space, looking at new registrations and export. 
 
I think those are the things. For example, we launched this platform Idea2Impact, I think this 
would help us accelerate innovation because we believe with our brand equity, we are able to 
grow. We have that level of trust within the society where there are a lot of people, those who 
do innovation, they are not able to scale it up or take it from an idea to a product label because 
of the resource constraint. 

 
 
Rallis India Limited 
 
 
January 21, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
I think some of those ideas are also using to really start bringing new products, new ideas. We 
are spending on digital connect. We talked about Sampark plus app, which has gone live on 
Friday that will make sure the efforts related to very focused targeted work at the demand 
generation and connecting those villages, we operate all the way up to retailers and distributors. 
I think those are all the right efforts. 
 
And I guess, combination of all of that, I think very difficult to predict segment by segment 
revenue. But all of them actually help in all the other areas, every area. And rest all, we have to 
leave it to the season and crop prices, we don't control, rainfall, we don't control. So we will do 
what is right to stay focused on our business. 
 
We don't know what is in our control, right? And then we leave it to the factors and be vigilant 
in the marketplace so that we are managing our receivables well, we are managing our inventory 
well without compromising on the growth opportunity. And obviously, I talked about the 
leadership, now bringing new leaders, new ideas. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes. That's really helpful color. And just one last thing, if I may squeeze in. If you could please 
just share your outlook for the international business, sir, just in the context of all these tariffs 
and all of the uncertainty plus new crop prices and everything. How is the demand environment 
looking for the upcoming calendar year and maybe on the margin front as well, pricing/margins? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So overall, I would say, we have done well in spite of the challenges in fiscal year '27. We are 
still assessing the situation because of the new announcement from China and the new 
geopolitical context. We don't know how things will evolve. At the same time, there has been 
softening of crop prices, particularly corn and soybean in Latin America. I think we will continue 
to watch the situation. 
 
I don't want to give a, what we call, guidance on the international business. I know we have been 
able to recover from the setback we had in '24, '25. And I think our focus is to continue to seek 
registration, continue to seek partners, continue to add new customers. In fact, we have added 
more number of people on ground in international business so that we get more closer to what 
is happening in those countries and geographies. 
 
So that's how we are managing. Difficult to tell how tariff situation will evolve. I think there's a 
bit of uncertainty around that. But I think last year, it excluded technical. So it did not hurt us 
much. 
 
How things will change? Difficult to predict. It's very, very uncertain environment right now. 
And China, I mean there was a news I was reading a couple of days ago. Year-on-year basis, 
China has produced more technical, right, which means either there's a demand, which is 
growing fast or there's a buildup of inventory restarting. At this point of time, I see in the market 
inventory at the normalized level. And this volume pressure when it comes from China, 
obviously, it keeps pressure on the prices. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. 

 
 
Rallis India Limited 
 
 
January 21, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So first, on the seed business, can you give some indication in terms of how have we planned 
the inventories for the BigHaat for the next year? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So we have enough -- we have planned for enough inventory, not only for BigHaat for all the 
crops. This year, if you can see in spite of the challenges that we had on our supply side, we 
have been able to grow our revenue by 5%, 15% on a year-on-year basis. And last year, we did 
have challenges where seed production crop was not planted on time and all the crop came at 
the same time, as a result, there was delays in supplies and rains came early. 
 
So it became very chaotic to manage the business in the month of April, May and June. I think 
we have taken all the precautions, all the things are in place to ensure that we have sufficient 
inventory to grow the business. I think we have momentum and we have to capitalize on it. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
And secondly, on the technical business -- hello? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Yes. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So on the technical business, can you just give some qualitative comments on the gross margins 
that we currently are operating at? And how do we see this panning out over the next 2, 3 years 
in terms of internally, what are we doing to improve our efficiencies? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So I think, obviously, we keep looking at how can we become -- a, I mean, raw material cost, 
we have to keep looking at. The other area is basically ability to find customers where we can 
get more realization. But when I look at basically export business, I think there has been a 
significant expansion in our margin, which has exceeded, which has gone beyond 20%. It's a 
very, very competitive place. But when I add the CSM business, I think it is falling in the range 
of our blended margin of about 30%. 
 
Seed obviously, is a high-margin business for us, as we have been saying. And so it's really, I 
would say, challenges really on the margin front are primarily on export where we sell what you 
call catalog product. The other thing we have started doing is also domestic institutional business 
which, we don't talk. So whatever AIs we produce, we also have opportunity to sell domestically. 
 
I think that's most competitive. That's where we make lowest margin, but it ensures that our 
plants are running and we improve our capacity utilization. We don't sell on losses. We make 
probably mid-teens margin. But on an overall basis, if you say B2B business, when you look at 
the blended margin, it is in excess of 20%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from HSBC Mutual Fund. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So we appreciate your comments around the strategy to expand the margins by about 500 bps in 
the next 5 years. But when I compare 9-month basis performance, it seems that the gross margins 
have actually compressed by about 1%, maybe because of rising share of your B2B business. 
My question is how would you see these margins expanding in the near term over the next 1 
year or so? And what to drive that margin expansion? 

 
 
Rallis India Limited 
 
 
January 21, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Yes. So I think there are a couple of one-off items we had probably not have impacted. So for 
example, we were planning to launch an insecticide last year, and I keep talking about one 
product did not go as per the plan. Because when final product came out of the factory, there 
were some quality issues. 
 
So as a result, we had to take a provision. So a lot of it is actually related to provisions we create 
for the inventory when it doesn't go as expected, right? Some of it actually -- I would say, 
majority are related to that. So when you look at on a, what you call, if you take one-off items, 
I would say we would have marginally improved. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Is it possible to quantify this impact? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Yes. So this impact, if you see in excess of INR10 crores, roughly. Yes. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. INR10 crores. So how would your expectation be for the next year? How much of gross 
margin expansion do you think can come to Rallis on a blended basis? Any insights on that 
would be useful. 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
One is the gross margin. Other thing is really EBITDA. So when I talk about 500 basis points, 
we are talking about EBITDA margin improvement, right, and EBITDA margin improvement 
to me is more important because that's what ultimately translate to PAT and shareholder value 
creation. 
 
Because of diverse nature of business and competitiveness of the industry. I am not interested in 
losing on the market share because that's when business starts getting challenging. So, we can 
stay in the gross contribution range and marginally improve. But because of the operating 
leverage, we'll be able to sell more per person or per employee and as a result, we expand our 
EBITDA margin. So fixed cost actually does not grow as fast as your other business contribution 
comes. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So most of these 500 bps would actually result from operating leverage? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Operating leverage. 
Saurabh Jain: 
What could be the blended utilization of our plants? Any insights on that side? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So this year, all across plants, utilization has improved. And we are looking at various other 
initiatives around, which I can't say at this point of time. I think this year, say, it has been a 
significant improvement over last year. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. The other question I had, you mentioned that you have been able to bring a bioproduct 
in-house that saves you from the regulatory challenges. But can you make a comment on what 
is the exact status on the regulatory side on the biofertilizers, how the situation has improved 
over the last 3 months? And do any significant challenges still remain with the industry on this 
side? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
See, in countries like India, there will always be some regulatory challenges because the way 
our system operates. But I think, by and large, I would say, we are out of that situation, for us 

 
 
Rallis India Limited 
 
 
January 21, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
things are sorted. The other thing which I did mention is that, look, our seed team operates 
independent of Crop Care team. We have also launched a new brand for soil and plant health. 
And within that brand of NuCode, we have started launching products in different categories of 
soil and plant health, and we are seeing a good traction. 
 
So soil and plant health will have two sales and marketing engine driving the product in the 
marketplace because there's a significant opportunity to sell to more farmers because there is 
some uniqueness of distribution and customers are different. Other thing is that it's also better 
utilization of seed fixed cost because seed team carrying a new brand of soil and plant health. 
 
So it gives us volume as well as double leverage. I mean seed team is able to sell something 
beyond seed. It also gives them connected to the farmer because when you have to sell these 
products, you have to visit and meet more frequently, farmers and retail network. 
 
So in a way, I think that solves some of the problems related to soil and plant health. I think 
smaller players will eventually get weeded out over a period of time. We have instead of one 
channel to carry, we have two distinct channels to carry the product, and we keep adding 
products. So at back end actually it’s a common back end but front becomes you have two 
opportunities. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. So is the registration process and other things are good now? Is it working on speed for 
registering all of these buy sites? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So you can't say speed. But yes, it is sorted for us. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. Understood. One last question, if I may. Can you please tell us what would be your 
dependence for technical procurement from China on a blended basis? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So on a blended basis, still it is more than 40%. And I mean the challenge is not that all of that 
can be replaced. Not only it is there, it will continue to be there. Because some of the products 
probably given the complexity and the stage of product, at what life cycle they are, I have not 
one who says that, we'll be completely moving away from China. I think we have to have more 
partners in China to ensure that we continue to have access to a product for some of the things 
we do. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So when the China government says they're going to remove the export rebates, how much of 
that exposure would be for you when you think about the procurement from China? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So this is applicable post April. So let's wait for more details to emerge at this point of time, I 
think it's not negative for us. I mean it's common for everybody. It will not apply only to us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ramesh Shankaranarayanan, an Individual Investor. 
Ramesh S.: 
Congratulations on the performance given the challenging environment. So if you look at your 
third quarter B2C growth of 13%. How would it compare with the overall industry growth in the 
same segment or category? 

 
 
Rallis India Limited 
 
 
January 21, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So it's very difficult to comment about the industry because I mean not many people have 
reported numbers. So I don't want to speculate, but I think generally, rabi has been better 
compared to previous rabi. So depending on the portfolio, depending on the crop segment, 
people operated. For example, I can tell you, so we have done very well in crops like potato and 
cumin with fungicides and all. 
 
But somebody who had a weed herbicide, a strong portfolio weed herbicide companies would 
have done well. So again, it's across -- if somebody was depending on the grape, I think grape 
has been a challenging crop, cumin area dropped as a result, it has been challenging. So a very 
crop-specific and portfolio focused. There's no one comment I can make about what is happening 
in the industry. Different players would have got positively or negatively impacted depending 
on the crop they participated. 
Ramesh S.: 
Okay. So as you look at your aspiration numbers for seed and soil and health, what would be the 
growth capex you have to invest to achieve these numbers, excluding working capital. And in 
terms of your future focus on ROCE, would you see these 2 businesses driving your 
improvement in ROCE given the investment you need to do and the kind of growth you can 
expect in these 2 businesses? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So I think coming back to your question on capex, I think I have said it and I want to reiterate 
that, look, unless I have a very firm contract to make something for somebody. We are not going 
to put any significant capex ahead of what you call, market demand. I think we have enough 
seeds on the ground. We have enough plants and equipments on the ground to continue to grow. 
Having said that, there will always be a sustainable capex, which will continue to be required 
and that's all we have planned at this point of time. 
Ramesh S.: 
So on the CSM business, you said the margin is around 13%. So if you look at your, again, 
aspirational targets in CSM, do you see some traction in terms of getting higher value contracts 
which will improve the margins and return on capital for the CSM business? And what would 
be the aspirational revenue target in the next 3 to 5 years given the kind of opportunity that 
Indian companies see in CSM overall? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So look, when it comes to CSM, there are quite a few established players. And I guess they have 
built their reputation of being a CSM player. So it's not easy to take away business from them. 
What we have to see is that what is new coming in terms of patented products or unique 
opportunities. 
 
And that's where we are always in touch with and we are, I would say, rather more active in 
keeping in touch with those players. And we do have some small opportunities in hand at this 
point of time, and they are at different stages of execution. I think some of those opportunities 
we'll start seeing is contributing in a small manner from '27 onward. 
 
But there's no large, big molecule opportunities available even in the market. So -- but that 
business, I think, for example, with our existing partner, there's a new molecule coming. We 
probably will end up making for them. There are no INR500 crores of opportunities, I would 
say, at this point of time, which are available in the market. 

 
 
Rallis India Limited 
 
 
January 21, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as a last question and conclude the question-and-answer 
session. On behalf of Rallis India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
with us today, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Thank you. Thanks, everybody. 
