 
 
Registered Office 
Jai Kisaan Bhawan, Zuarinagar, Goa – 403 726 
CIN No.: L65921GA1967PLC000157 
 
 
5th Floor, Tower A, Global Business Park, M.G. Road, Sector 26, Gurugram - 122 002, India 
 Tel: +91 (124) 482 7800, Email: ig.zgl@adventz.com, www.zuariindustries.in 
ZUARI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
19 February 2026 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd,  
 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G  
 
              
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
 
 
 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400 051 
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai - 400 001 
NSE Symbol: ZUARIIND 
 
 
 
             BSE Scrip Code: 500780 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call conducted on 16 February 2026 
Ref:- Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended. 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
In continuation of our earlier letters dated 10 February 2026 and 16 February 2026 related to Earnings 
Call and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed herewith Transcript of the Earnings call conducted 
on 16 February 2026. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Zuari Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Yadvinder Goyal 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As stated above 
Yadvinder 
Goyal
Digitally signed by 
Yadvinder Goyal 
Date: 2026.02.19 
16:16:04 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Zuari Industries Limited 
Q3 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 16, 2026 
 
 
                   
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ATHAR SHAHAB – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ZUARI 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. NISHANT DALAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ZUARI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. YADVINDER GOYAL – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
ZUARI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. DARSHNI DESAI – MUFG INTIME 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Zuari Industries Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Zuari Industries Limited Q3 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now hand the conference over to Ms. Darshni Desai from MUFG Intime. Thank you 
and over to you ma'am. 
Darshni Desai: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and I extend a very warm welcome to all participants on 
Q3 FY26 earnings conference call of Zuari Industries Limited. Today on this call, we have Mr. 
Athar Shahab, Managing Director; Mr. Nishant Dalal, Chief Financial Officer; and Company 
Secretary Mr. Yadvinder Goyal. 
Before we begin this call, I would like to give a short disclaimer. This call may contain some 
forward-looking statements which are completely based upon our beliefs, opinions, and 
expectations as of today. These statements are not guarantees of our future performance and 
involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
With this, I hand over the call to Athar Shahab ji. Over to you, sir. Thank you.  
Athar Shahab: 
Thank you, Darshni, and I welcome all the participants to this quarterly call. On behalf of Zuari 
Industries Limited, I am pleased to be accompanied by Mr. Nishant Dalal, CFO; Mr. Yadvinder 
Goyal, Company Secretary; Mr. Jatin Jain, our Deputy CFO; and to give you an account of our 
quarterly performance. We commenced our crushing this season, which usually starts in the third 
quarter, the earliest commissioning the crushing was commenced on 26th of October this year. 
We also achieved the highest ever day crush which was 1.1 lakh quintal. We achieved highest 
ever Q3 crush which was 67.28 lakh quintal. In comparison, we had achieved 60.79 lakh quintal 
last year. The biggest highlight of this quarterly performance was that we achieved capacity 
utilization of more than 100%. It is quite unusual in sugar industry, but I am very happy to report 
that our factory achieved more than 100% capacity utilization in the third quarter. 
The sugar sales were a shade lower than the last year at 3.2 lakh quintal and that was primarily 
because of the quota that is given by the government. But we made up for it by sugar realization 
which was up by about 6%. Our power generation was also up by 6.7%. Ethanol production was 
up by 4.8%. And ethanol sales were up by 17.7%. So overall, I would say we put up a robust 
performance in the SPE division of the company. 
As far as our subsidiaries and joint ventures are concerned, our largest subsidiary, Zuari Infra 
World, continues to move ahead with its asset-light DM model. And by now we have achieved 
a Gross Development Value of INR3,100 crores. We have also made a recent entry into 
Bangalore. As you are aware, we are pursuing DM projects in Hyderabad and in Kolkata. Our 
flagship project which is St. Regis Dubai project is now nearing completion. 
The target was about 98%, but we have done 93.4%. We are now expecting to complete the 
project in all respects by the end of this financial year and commence the handovers by April of 

 
 
Zuari Industries Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
2026. Simon India, which is our engineering and construction company, commissioned the fifth 
evaporator project for PPL in this quarter. The value, contract value for this project was INR55.5 
crores. It has now got orders of about INR100 crores that it is executing for various clients. 
As I mentioned in my previous calls, the company is seeking to build deep technical capability 
and as part of that it is empaneling domain experts, it is collaborating with global technology 
licensors as well as research institutions who have proprietary process technology. It is also 
embedding artificial intelligence in all aspects of its operations. 
Zuari Envien Bioenergy Private Limited, which is our ethanol JV with Envien of Europe, 
commissioned its plant on 1st of January 2026. And we have locked in about 20,000 kilo liter 
of contracts, which will take us through October and then hopefully we will have the next round 
of OMC tenders which will give us the revenues in the coming financial year. We continue to 
maintain our strategic investments across our core portfolio. 
And as you are aware, we hold a sizable stake in Chambal Fertilisers, Zuari Agro Chemicals, 
little bit in Paradeep Phosphates, a significant stake in Texmaco Rail & Engineering and 
Texmaco Infrastructure & Holdings. The value of our listed strategic investments as on the 31st 
of December 2025 was INR4,600 crores, and which was a shade lower than the previous quarter 
because of the market movement. 
We continue to work on our de-leveraging exercise. Excluding working capital, the gross 
external debt of the company and its subsidiaries was INR1,848 crores, which was a shade lower 
than INR1,863 crores for the previous quarter. The inflows from Dubai project and an associate 
company are expected in the first quarter of the next financial year, which should help us repay 
major portion of the external debt. We are also working on other plans to de-leverage the balance 
sheet. 
Looking ahead, I think the SAP increase that happened earlier this year has largely contributed 
to the increase in sugar prices and we expect the sugar prices to remain stable and it is allowing 
us to offset the increase in costs that took place. Ethanol prices have remained stagnant which 
has negatively impacted the profitability. And we have kept on saying this again that it is high 
time that the government should reconsider and provide an increase in the ethanol procurement 
prices which is very important for everyone. 
The overall macroeconomic situation in ethanol market remains a concern. As some of you may 
have noted, there seems to be significant overcapacity in the ethanol industry and I think a 
resolution must be found out to deal with it. On the real estate front, we are working on securing 
more DM mandates in Southern states and Kolkata. 
We are also looking at, as I mentioned earlier, acquisition opportunities in the sugar sector. And 
last but not the least, we continue to digitalize and implement digital solutions across all our 
business verticals. So with this background, I now invite our CFO, Nishant Dalal, to please 
present the financial results of the company. Over to you, Nishant.  
Nishant Dalal: 
Thank you, Sir, and good afternoon everyone. I will begin by providing a brief overview of Zuari 
Industries’s financial performance. So on a standalone basis, the revenue of the company are up 

 
 
Zuari Industries Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
by 2% as compared to previous year Q3 and are at INR254.7 crores. Similarly, for the nine-
month period, the revenues remain similar kind of levels, these are INR727.6 crores, marginally 
up by 1%. On the EBITDA, we continue to maintain the EBITDA and EBITDA for Q3 FY26 is 
INR36.3 crores versus INR37.7 crores in the previous year. 
For the nine-month period, it is INR125.7 crores as compared to INR114.8 crores in the previous 
year. We continue to optimize our borrowing costs and they are coming down quarter-on-quarter 
as well as yearly. So for the quarter, there is a reduction of INR3.5 crores as compared to the 
previous year Q3. And for the nine-month period, the finance costs are down by INR9.8 crores.  
The PBT before exceptional items is INR4.5 crores for the Q3 FY26 as compared to INR2.6 
crores in the previous year Q3. And for the nine-month period, it is INR24 crores as compared 
to INR4.2 crores in the previous year. The exceptional items for this quarter includes an impact 
of INR2.81 crores on account of the new labor codes. 
On a consolidated basis, the revenue of the company is INR301.5 crores for Q3 as compared to 
INR274.1 crores in the previous year. And for the nine-month period, there is a jump to 
INR855.6 crores as compared to INR793.3 crores in the previous year. Similarly, the PBT before 
exceptional item for the Q3 is a loss of INR18.6 crores as compared to INR23.7 crores for Q3 
of previous year. 
And for the nine-month period, the PBT before exceptional item stands at INR154.9 crores as 
compared to INR53.2 crores in the previous nine-month period. Then few updates on the 
subsidiaries and important subsidiaries and joint ventures. So for Zuari Infraworld Limited, the 
income has increased to INR36.4 crores as compared to INR34.9 crores in the Q3 of last year.  
Similarly, Simon India, which is the EPC arm of the group, their income has increased to 
INR24.3 crores as compared to INR6.2 crores in the previous year Q3 period. On the joint 
ventures, our Oil Tanking joint venture has seen a significant increase in the income to INR7.4 
crores as compared to INR5.5 crores for the quarter. 
And it's primarily driven by the renegotiated rates for the tolling facility with the OMCs. A 
snapshot of the performance of the subsidiaries and joint venture is already in the investor 
presentation and the detailed financials are also there. I hope you got a chance to go through it. 
I now request the moderator to open the floor for discussion. Darshni? 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Viral Jain from SMG Finance. 
Viral Jain: 
Just two quick questions from my side. The first one was in cane crushing business segment. So 
as we see, as we saw that this segment has delivered the highest ever number in the Q3 at 67.3 
at 67.3 million versus 60.8 million last year. So just wanted to understand that can you help us 
to give a more clear picture with regards to the operational efficiency and agro economic factor 
that have enabled this performance? And how can we -- and how sustainable is this trajectory 
given on the nine-month basis as we saw there was a decline in the volume?  
Athar Shahab: 
See, as I mentioned to you, we have been working very hard on the cane development and cane 
procurement side. In parallel, we have also been working on improving our operational 

 
 
Zuari Industries Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
efficiency. Historically, plants like these will operate at 90%, 95% availability. But thanks to the 
continuous improvement that we have done, we have been able to operate it at more than 100%.  
In fact, we breached the 1 lakh quintal crushing on several occasions in this quarter and now we 
are consistently running it at more than 100%. I think the main issue then becomes the 
uninterrupted supply of cane. What you see in the nine-month figure is that in the previous year, 
we had run the mill in the month of April itself. And about 12 days, I think.  
Nishant Dalal: 
17 April -- 17days. 
Athar Shahab: 
17 days. So because of that the nine-month figure for the previous year is higher and this year 
the mill had closed by 31st March, I think. So that's why the numbers are lower. There was a 
general shortage of sugarcane in Uttar Pradesh which had affected everybody and we were also 
affected. But we are hoping that we should better that performance. It's been quite good so far. 
The Q3 has been quite good. 
In fact, currently also we are doing quite well. As we speak, today we have set another record. 
In fact, yesterday's performance of the mill is 1,11,000 quintal crushing which is again a record, 
11% over capacity. So we are very hopeful that, you know, we will better our performance and 
we will continue to double our effort in cane streamlining of cane logistics and cane 
development.  
Nishant Dalal: 
Adding on to that, if we talk about the general agronomics of this area, so if our mill is actually 
located in a very strategic position where the availability of raw material is not a critical concern 
for us. So during the season, it all depends on how quickly or how more we can crush. For us, 
we have been able to improve our cane payment cycle a lot over last three to four years. 
As a result of which our availability and confidence of farmers in supplying the cane to the 
company is going up every year. So this increase, you can say, crushing of the company, we are 
pretty confident that we will be able to sustain it and it will make, you can say, improvement on 
yearly basis.  
Viral Jain: 
Got it, sir. That was really insightful. My next question was with regards to the ethanol segment. 
So the ethanol segment have saw a sales growth of 17.7% year-on-year in Q3 supported by 4.8% 
increase in the production. So what can we expect or the utilization level are we targeting for 
FY27 and can you help us to give us a more clear picture on the ethanol blending program 
influencing the demand stability?  
Nishant Dalal: 
So if we talk on our ethanol production, so we can say with great confidence that we have 
improved our ethanol utilization and last year, you can say last sugar season, we have achieved 
the highest ever cane crushing days of 300 plus days. This year also if we are looking at, you 
can say, sugar season of '25-'26 or maybe let's say FY27, so we are operating our plant in a 
manner that we have sufficient our captive molasses availability to operate the plant for at least 
300 plus days. 
Plus we also at times scout for opportunistic purchase of molasses availability during off-season 
from the open market and if the economics set in, we procure the molasses from outside also to 

 
 
Zuari Industries Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
improve, you can say, our operating days for ethanol. Per se if we talk about, you can say, ethanol 
blending program of the government. So given that there is almost 16.7% increase in FR in SAP 
of sugar cane prices this year, the industry in particular was expecting that the government is 
going to increase the prices of ethanol, which has not happened so far, although multiple 
representations have been made to the ministry. 
Overall, today if we look at, if 20% ethanol blending is considered is kept as the benchmark, 
then the general feeling is that there is sufficient capacities which are available in India so as to 
meet the 20% requirement of blending. The going forward scenario is that if we increase these 
20% blending, then only you can say incremental capacity additions are expected and then the 
growth in ethanol sector probably in terms of quantity is expected. 
More so if we talk about, given that the price of sugarcane has increased, so the critical parameter 
is that in order to ensure the viability of even the existing sugar blending program, the prices of 
ethanol have to be remunerative so that the cost factors are, you can say, duly captured. And it 
had been happening so until 2022-23. Government had been consistently increasing the prices 
of ethanol whenever there was an increase in the sugarcane prices. 
Now you can say probably it is expected and probably you can say it will take some time to for 
that analysis or decision making to sink in. So that the prices of ethanol are kept at a remunerative 
prices. It had been a, the blending program had been a great success for the government of India 
and it has really saved huge, you can say, forex outflows for the country. And we expect that 
some decision on a, you can say, sustainable basis to attain the sustainability of the business 
model, some decision should happen on that regard.  
Athar Shahab: 
Just to add to what Nishant has said, as far as we are concerned, it is our stated objective to run 
our distillery to the maximum number of days in a year. If we take let's say 30 days for 
maintenance, annual maintenance of the distillery, it is our aspiration that we should raise it at 
run the distillery for 330 days in a year. So that's why I said twice that we plan to run it at 300 
plus days. Now, do we have enough molasses from the crushing that we do? The answer is no.  
So we have to supplement it by buying molasses externally, which we have done successfully 
during the last couple of years. And this year also we have done. So we are very confident that 
we should meet our distillery operation days target and therefore the production should be quite 
good.  
The concern that he raised was that the government has not increased the prices is a valid 
industry-wide concern, but we still are profitable. I think whatever prices are there we still are 
profitable. I see no concern there. The other concern is that the government has put a stop at 
20% or paused the blending at 20% currently. And we are all hoping that this blending 
percentage should be increased because that's important not only for us, but for everybody else 
who has set up distillery capacity. 
Viral Jain: 
 Thank you, sir, for answering all my questions patiently. That was really helpful. Thank you 
and all the best for the future. 
Athar Shahab: 
Thank you.  

 
 
Zuari Industries Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Mishra from Bawa Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Varun Mishra: 
 Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. A couple of questions from my end. So the average sugar 
like realization improved 5% Y-o-Y in Q3. Like how do we see the pricing trends evolving in 
the near term, especially with the government policies on exports and ethanol diversion like 
impacting the supply-demand dynamics? 
Nishant Dalal: 
So Varun, if we look at, you can say these demand-supply dynamics, I believe Indian sugar 
industry is very much well placed. We don't see a sugar glut in India, which is going to have any 
negative impact on sugar prices. I think it is my estimates say that sugar production is estimated 
at some 34.4 lakh million tons and diversion is around 3.4 million tons.  
That leaves 31 million tons plus there is an expected export of 1.5 million tons. So that will leave 
around somewhere around 29 million tons of, you can say, sugar availability in India and 
consumption being around 28 million tons, 29 million tons. So India should close the -- closing 
stock should be at similar level to the last years.  
And if we look at latest trend, you can say probably few trends which are emerging since last 
month, probably the 34.4 million ton of production is not going to be achieved. There may be a 
shortfall of 1 and 1.5 million tons of sugar. So more or less, you can say, the closing stock 
somewhere being around 5 to 6 million ton in India for this sugar season. So there is, you can 
say, no glut.  
And last one month performance of prices if you look at, so as more clarity is emerging on the 
production side of the sugar, so there are there is a firming up of the prices also of sugar which 
is visible since last 1 month, 1.5 months. So we believe that the improved realizations which we 
are seeing, they are supposed to sustain and more or less they should be able to we should be 
able to offset the increase in the cane prices which has happened in for this season and maintain 
our margin levels. 
Varun Mishra: 
All right, sir. And the second question is like on the power production, we see that the power 
production has increased by 6.7% Y-o-Y like in quarter 3, but it has declined by 11.5% in nine 
months. Similarly, with cane crush it has improved in Q3, but there is a decline in the nine 
months. So what could be the reasons, if you could elaborate, were there any operational 
challenges behind this decline, like such as the cane availability or any grid demand, like what 
could be, like could you throw some light on that? 
Nishant Dalal: 
We got Varun, so I think we answered this earlier because last year if we look at nine-month 
period, so we had an opening crushing of 17 days, 17 April 2024 the nine months of FY25 were 
having operations. But those 17 days were not available to in FY25-26. So it's because of that 
primarily your nine months numbers look a little skewed. However, if we compare on quarterly 
basis, you can see that both power generation, power as well as sugar cane crushing, everything 
is up. And that should be able to, you can say, make up for the trend for this year. 
Varun Mishra: 
Great, sir. And sir, any guidance in terms of like where can we see ourselves ending in Q4? 

 
 
Zuari Industries Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Nishant Dalal: 
So operationally if we look at, given that 67 lakh crushing is already there in Q3 and 90 days 
even if we operate 91 days if we operate our sugar mill properly and use 100% capacity. So 
another 90 million tons of -- 90 lakh quintals of crushing should be available with us. 
Varun Mishra: 
All right, sir. Great. That gives some good visibility, sir. Great. Thanks a lot, sir. All the best. 
Nishant Dalal: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Saumil Shah: 
Yes hi, sir. Good evening. So my question is on the Dubai project. So how much total value we 
can realize from that and how much of that we can expect by next quarter? 
Nishant Dalal: 
So our Dubai project if we look at, I think we have already stated that Dubai project, the 
completion is expected by 31st March and the formal handover to the buyers is expected to start 
from April month onwards. So if we are talking about Q4 specific, I believe until the project 
completion happens, we don't foresee any funds coming from Dubai. They should start from, 
you can say, Q1 of next year and we should realize I think earlier also in few of the calls we 
have indicated we expect somewhere around INR800 crores toINR900 crores of inflows which 
should come from Dubai project. 
Saumil Shah: 
Yes, so by Q1, my question was how much we can expect from that 800 to 900? 
Nishant Dalal: 
So Q1 and Q2 all together we can give you that visibility today. Exactly for Q1, we'll not be able 
to state right now. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And sir, in our real estate division, we are currently having four projects ongoing. But 
when we see our numbers, I mean, even if we get 8 to 10% DM fees, we are not seeing some 
meaningful revenues and profits from those. So I mean, by when we can see some meaningful 
revenue from these projects? 
Nishant Dalal: 
See Saumil our plan for taking this DM business to is to take it to multiple fold. Our target itself 
has been we had set ourselves an internal target to do DM projects for at least INR10,000 crores 
in the current financial year itself. And when you see that those, if we achieve those targets, so 
even considering the 10% of DM fee which you just stated, it becomes a meaningful size.  
And today if we talk about -- today you can say that development or business development is 
going very actively on the DM project side. As you can see, we have just now signed up a term 
sheet in the one of the biggest real market, real estate market of India in Bangalore also. And as 
we become more and more prominent, you can say that development or business development 
on GDV side will take a lot of impact. So I think we are very positive and we keep it as a key 
growth area for our business. And maybe it will take it may take some time, maybe few quarters, 
but DM is going to be a very big component of our overall growth strategy. 

 
 
Zuari Industries Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. Because sir, if we see our subsidiaries and our this quarter-on-quarter performance, most 
of our subsidiaries are making losses. So if we see sugar, power, ethanol, real estate, engineering, 
furniture. So I mean, if you could give us some roadmap for FY27, how shall we look at this? 
Nishant Dalal: 
I seriously don’t know which sugar power ethanol losses you are looking at. SPE remains you 
can say a very, it’s a core business for Zuari Industries and it gives at almost 8% to 10% EBITDA 
margins for us. And when you look at the subsidiaries part also, so my smaller subsidiaries are 
always profitable. If you look at the snapshot of the subsidiaries’ performance, there you may 
see you may see that Zuari Finserv, Zuari Insurance Broking, which are smaller in business. 
Even Simon India. 
Athar Shahab: 
For Simon India, Simon India probably has a small loss. 
Nishant Dalal: 
It's a small loss, but it's a EPC company. They are yet to book the revenue and which will get 
reflected in their income. So almost otherwise it's, you can say, more of operationally even the 
subsidiaries are performance is pretty well. It's more at the group level which is a debt overhang 
on us, which will take some time and then the picture will be completely different. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay, right. I was talking on the consolidated basis only. But when we are seeing the 
presentation, post-interest and all, in our results only we can see that most of them are in losses. 
Maybe that’s because of the interest cost and everything. 
Nishant Dalal: 
I think so. 
Saumil Shah: 
 Okay, okay. And sir, few days back we saw one, I mean, Zuari Agro's one notification that they 
are entering into mining or something. So can you please throw some light as a promoter? 
Athar Shahab: 
 See, they have just started to explore something in mining. But right now it is all very initial, 
exploratory and nothing firm as of now. 
Saumil Shah: 
 Okay. Okay. And sir, my final question is on the land side. So I mean, are we going to monetize 
any land, I mean, on the Goa part? And how much we still hold in Zuari Industries and Zuari 
Agro? 
Athar Shahab: 
Nishant will answer that question about the... 
Nishant Dalal: 
We hold almost 260 acres in Zuari Industries and probably similar kind of acres in Zuari Agro 
also. 
Athar Shahab: 
So we are facing some regulatory challenges in Goa and there has been a new law that has been 
passed which is restricting the land change in land use, etcetera. So we are examining various 
options, you know, various legal options, etcetera. And therefore, we are not factoring it into our 
deleveraging plans as of now. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. Okay. If I may squeeze in one more question, sir? 
Athar Shahab: 
Please. 

 
 
Zuari Industries Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Saumil Shah: 
Yes, on the other group company Texmaco Infra, we were going to launch it in Q1 of next 
financial year some big real estate project. So are we on track to do that? 
Athar Shahab: 
I think this question is best answered by Texmaco Infra. I think wherever questions pertain to 
other listed entities, it is best to ask them. But since you raised this question, my sense is that 
their project is on track and it should be launched in the first quarter of the next financial year. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Athar Shahab: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Navya Rajput from NRJ Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Navya Rajput: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, I wanted to ask that Zuari Envien Bioenergy 
commissioned its plant in January 2026, right? So how soon will this asset contribute 
meaningfully to consolidated revenues and margins? And also what offtake agreements are in 
place? 
Nishant Dalal: 
So if we talk about ZEBPL, so their plant got, you can say, commissioned from 1st January 
2026. We had, we did the complete construction trial runs, etcetera by 31st of December. So it 
will start generating the revenues from the current quarter. If we talk at the meaningful 
contribution to the consolidation, then let me highlight it: this is a joint venture of the company, 
50-50 joint venture. 
So even the consolidation happens, it will be a single line-item consolidation and it will come 
through, you can say, their share of profit or loss through joint venture. That way only it will 
come in our financials. On the offtake if we talk about, then we have very recently, I think after 
31st of December, we have done a contract for supply of INR2 crores liters of ethanol to 
institutional buyers.  
And that is probably take care of almost 50% of our capacity. More and more when the fresh 
tenders from the OMCs come in the current, current quarter or maybe next quarter, so we'll try 
to bid there and get, you can say, further allocations. 
Navya Rajput: 
 Okay. Okay, sir, got it. And sir, Simon India completed orders worth INR55.5 crores with 
INR98.7 crores under execution. Could you elaborate more on the pipeline visibility for FY '27 
and the sectors driving this demand? 
Athar Shahab: 
 I think right now we are just giving you the projects that are in hand which they are executing. 
As I mentioned earlier in previous calls, we are just taking baby steps to reestablish our 
construction business. We have started work in Paradeep Phosphates, in PPL Goa, which used 
to be the Zuari Agro plant earlier. And in the Mangalore plant of MCFL, which is also now 
merged into Paradeep. 
So all these places we are now working with their management in trying to look at their capex 
plans and how we could assist them. We are doing a variety of things: we are doing feasibility 

 
 
Zuari Industries Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
studies, we are doing initial engineering work, then we are doing detailed engineering work, and 
wherever possible we are doing EPC work. 
The idea is to develop very deep expertise in those areas where the Group is already present, 
which is the fertilizer segment where we make ammonia, we make urea, we make DAP, we 
make all kinds of NPK. And as part of the DAP plant, we make phosphoric acid, we make 
sulfuric acid. So you can say that Simon India is in that phase where it is really building those 
deep capabilities on the one hand. 
And on the other hand, it is also seeing how it can do its work, not in the traditional manner 
which used to be very labour-intensive, but by extensive use of artificial intelligence. So I think 
we will continue to take up projects, but the real value will come over a period of time when we 
have fully absorbed A, the deep domain knowledge and B, the AI part into our operations. 
Navya Rajput: 
Okay. Okay, sir, got it. Thank you so much for answering all my questions and best of luck for 
future. Thank you. 
Athar Shahab: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajiv Jain from Arken Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajiv Jain: 
Yes. Thank you for giving the opportunity. So firstly, you highlighted plans to secure robust DM 
mandates across Bangalore, Kolkata and Hyderabad. So could you elaborate on the scale of these 
projects and their expected contribution to consolidated revenues for maybe over next 2, 3 years? 
Athar Shahab: 
See, typically these projects are between INR750 crores to INR2000 crore. This is the range at 
which opportunities are coming to us. And the typical DM fee for these projects could be 
between 6% to 7% roughly. And as, as Nishant said, we have a stated objective of getting about 
INR10,000 crores worth of gross development value worth of projects. 
We have reached a milestone of about INR3,000 crores. And let's see what we can do by the end 
of this year. But I think every quarter you will keep getting these updates. One discipline that 
we want to follow is to keep updating the investors and market participants about the progress 
that we are making. And hopefully, you will see some progress. I think next quarter when we 
meet, we may have some better news to share with you. 
And one question that must be at the back of the mind of any participants is that why is the 
company pursuing DM mandates and why is it not buying land and why is it not doing JDAs, 
which is the more traditional way of doing business? And this question I have answered last year 
in one of the calls and I repeat that our, our first focus is on in completing our Dubai project and 
repatriating the funds. 
We have already invested a lot of money into real estate and that money has to be recouped and 
brought back. In the interim, one good way of growing the business and expanding our footprint 
is the DM model. It's not easy, it's very tough and challenging. You have to find a certain profile 

 
 
Zuari Industries Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
of partners who would be willing to cooperate and collaborate with you, those who see value in 
associating with the Zuari brand. 
So our company is looking at such kind of people who can collaborate with us. And we have 
seen some good results; the company has been able to secure mandates in, in Hyderabad, Kolkata 
and now recently in Bangalore. So you can make some, some estimates and some assumptions, 
but I think the picture will keep getting clearer every quarter. And maybe in, in some later calls, 
Nishant, we should invite the CEO of Zuari Infra World also to participate and provide first-
hand information because he has been driving this development. 
Nishant Dalal: 
Sure, sir. 
Rajiv Jain: 
Understood, sir. Thank you for elaborately answering to my question. So my second question is, 
so excluding working capital, external debt stood at round about INR1848 crores versus in Q2 
it was INR1863 crores. So could you maybe elaborate on the deleveraging roadmap, including 
the timelines for repayment and expected inflows from Dubai and associate companies, if you 
could throw some light? 
Athar Shahab: 
I think Nishant has already elaborated. Nishant has mentioned... did you mention the number? 
Nishant Dalal: 
Yes, yes. INR800 crores to 900 crores. 
Athar Shahab: 
So the number is between INR800 crores to 900 crores from Dubai. And there is an expected 
inflow from Zuari Agro Chemicals of about INR273 crores. So you add that up, and that’s a 
pretty substantial reduction in debt. That will happen throughout the next financial year. And 
sooner the better is our endeavour, but that will happen throughout the next financial year. 
Rajiv Jain: 
Understood, sir. Understood. All right. Thank you. That's, that's all from my side. Thank you for 
the opportunity and all the best for the future quarters. 
Athar Shahab: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishi Gupta from Goldstone Capital. Please go ahead. Sir, 
we can't hear you. Can you speak a little louder please. Sir, we can't hear you.  I am sorry to 
interrupt, sir. Your voice is not audible to us. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Yes. I want to congratulate both the people on the outstanding numbers on the figure front. The 
deleveraging map you have provided. And what about the IPO of Zuari Infraworld? How it will 
be? Because it will help in [inaudible]. And I read about Zuari Agro has converted around 46% 
land in Goa. We read about it. So, could you throw some light on this? Like INR900 crores, you 
will be… INR275 crores from Zuari Agro and INR900 crores from Dubai project will be able 
to leverage in the next year. And what about how it will be like if we go for IPO for Zuari 
Infraworld. 
Athar Shahab: 
The first question about the IPO of Zuari Infra World. I just want to place on record that there is 
no such proposal on the table. We are not contemplating any IPO of Zuari Infraworld. We have 
already laid out a roadmap for repatriating the funds from our Dubai project. And there is one 

 
 
Zuari Industries Limited 
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
question that you asked about Zuari Agro. I think we are not aware of what you asked. Maybe 
you should write directly to the company and get the clarification. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Okay. So, the sugar business will foresee a growth of 20% next year? 
Athar Shahab: 
We are not making any statements about the growth of the business and what percentage of 
growth that we will have. We are not making such forward-looking statements on this call. Our 
endeavour right now is to provide you a detailed account of our quarterly performance. Allow 
you an opportunity to compare our performance with the previous quarter as well as the same 
quarter in the previous year. 
We have given you numbers and data for 9-monthly performance. And there are some plans in 
the offering and particularly in relation to deleveraging, which has been a very important point 
for investors on which we have provided updates. Beyond this, we are not giving any statements 
on what could be the future growth in the top line or bottom line of the company. 
And I think we would encourage that you stay connected with us. You follow the updates about 
the company, the disclosures that we make from time to time, as well as attend our quarterly 
calls, which will give you a decent insight about how we are tracking. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Shah from Investing Alpha. Please go 
ahead. 
Pratik Shah: 
Yes. Sir, Zuari Agro Chemicals saw a 21% of increase in value. So what synergies are being 
leveraged across the fertilizer business, and how does this strengthen your position in the agri-
input sectors? 
Athar Shahab: 
See, I think this question is best posed to Zuari Agro Chemicals. I don't think it is appropriate 
that we answer these questions. We are -- Zuari Agro is an associate company, right? We do not 
manage Zuari Agro Chemicals. We have an investment, and that's it and I think you should ask 
this question to Zuari Agro Chemicals. 
Pratik Shah: 
No problem, sir. I got it. So okay, that's it, that's it from my side. Thank you. 
Athar Shahab: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question for the day, I would now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Nishant Dalal: 
So thank you everyone for joining this call. We appreciate your participation. If you have any 
questions, please feel free to reach out to us and our Investor Relation Advisor, MUFG IR. Thank 
you everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Zuari Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
