 
 
 
 
 
February 17, 2026 
 
To,                                                                           To,                                                              
Listing Operation Department                                Listing Compliance Department                          
BSE Limited                                                          National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
20th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                   Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001                               Bandra (East), Mumbai– 400051 
Scrip Code: 544432                                                NSE Symbol: IGCL 
Subject: Submission of the Transcript of Q3 FY 25-26 Earnings Conference Call held on February 12, 
2026 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) read with Schedule III Part A Para A of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are 
enclosing herewith the transcript of Q3 FY 25-26 Earnings Conference Call that was organized with the 
Analysts/Investors on Thursday, February 12, 2026 at 12.00 P.M. (IST) on Unaudited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the third quarter ended December 31, 2025.  
 
The aforementioned transcript of the ‘Q3 FY 25-26 Earnings Conference Call’ will also be uploaded on 
the Company’s website i.e. www.groupindogulf.com.  
 
We request you to take the above on record and treat the same as compliance under the applicable 
provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Indogulf Cropsciences Limited 
 
 
Sakshi Jain 
(Company Secretary and Compliance Officer) 
M. No: A67325 
Address: 501, Gopal Heights, Netaji Subhash Place,  
Delhi – 110034 (India) 
 
 
 
SAKSHI 
JAIN
Digitally signed 
by SAKSHI JAIN 
Date: 2026.02.17 
13:38:49 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Indogulf Cropsciences Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY AGGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. MANOJ GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. VIJAY VIR SINGH – VICE PRESIDENT – SALES AND 
MARKETING 
  
 
 
 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Indogulf Cropsciences Limited Q3 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. From the management team, we have with us Mr. Sanjay Aggarwal, 
Managing Director, Mr. Manoj Gupta, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Vijay Vir Singh, VP - 
Sales and Marketing. 
 
Let me draw your attention to the facts on this call. The discussion will include certain forward-
looking statements, which are predictions, projections, or other estimates about the future 
events. These estimates reflect management's current expectations about the future performance 
of the company. Please note that these estimates involve several risks and uncertainties that 
could cause the actual results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Aggarwal. Thank you and over to you, Mr. 
Aggarwal. 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Good afternoon, and a very warm welcome to Indogulf Cropsciences Q3 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. During the quarter, Indogulf delivered a strong and resilient performance with 
revenue growth of 17% year-on-year along with a healthy growth in profitability. This growth 
is particularly meaningful, given the backdrop of subdued crop prices, relatively lower 
agrochemical demands in some regions, and on overall challenging operating environment. 
For the 9M FY26, we have sustained robust growth momentum through all the quarters, 
supported by healthy traction in both our B2C and B2B segments. Our performance has been 
anchored by disciplined execution in the domestic market and continuous strengthening of our 
distributors' platform. 
Steady demand across key agricultural states enabled us to achieve volume expansion and 
deeper market penetration. Our focused distribution strategy, calibrated product positioning, and 
sustained field-level engagement with farmers and channel partners helped us capitalize on 
opportunities even as the broader industry faced headwinds.  
A key highlight has been the healthy progress of Abhiprakash Globus Private Limited, AGPL, 
in its first full year of operations. During 9M FY26, AGPL achieved gross sales of INR 54 
crores, reflecting encouraging market acceptance and effective execution of our distribution 
strategy. AGPL now contributes meaningfully to our overall growth. Operational efficiencies, 
channel alignment, and better product mix have supported margin expansion at AGPL during 
this period. 
Looking ahead, we see significant potential to expand AGPL's footprint into additional states, 
thereby strengthening our geographic presence and widening our customer base. We are making 
focused investment in expanding our distribution network, enhancing product capabilities, and 
intensifying farmer engagement incentives with our aim of building a sustainable and scalable 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
platform.  
From a portfolio standpoint, our diversified presence across crop protection, plant nutrients, and 
biologicals continues to be a key strength. In 9M FY26, all three verticals have delivered healthy 
growth, reinforcing the robustness of our strategy and field execution. 
While the crop protection segment experienced softer growth in Q3, primarily due to an 
extended monsoon and lower agrochemical off-take in certain pockets, our plant nutrients and 
biological business continued to perform well and demonstrated strong farmer trust. The 
growing contribution from these segments highlights the increasing acceptance of our 
differentiated offerings and the success of our farmer-centric incentives. 
 
On the channel side, we have consciously worked through the year to normalize inventory 
levels. While industry inventories remain somewhat elevated, we believe our own channel 
inventory is now at a more sustainable level. This positions us to benefit from improving demand 
trends. 
 
On the weather side, El Nino is expected to run neutral through winters, reducing tail risk from 
extreme anomalies. IMD guidance points to neutral ENSO and less chances of disruptive 
extremes. 
Moreover, the Draft Pesticide Management Bill 2025 and the proposed Seed Bill 2025 
collectively prioritize quality control, mandatory registrations and QR taggings, digital 
traceability, and compliance and stiffer penalties, which acts as a structural positive for 
organized large-scale players while creating higher entry barriers for unorganized smaller 
competitors. 
 
We see good potential for demand in Q4 FY26 and Q1 FY27, supported by a healthier balance 
in the supply chain and improving market sentiment. We are also making steady progress on 
our international growth agenda. 
 
During the quarter, we successfully entered and received initial orders from multiple new 
markets like Venezuela, Taiwan, and Sudan, which are expected to be executed in Q4 FY26. 
These orders are expected to support export revenue momentum and improve capacity 
utilization during the quarter. These new market entries reflect our focus on building a broader 
global footprint, diversifying revenue streams, and leveraging our product portfolio in high-
potential international markets. 
 
Overall, our performance in Q3 and 9M FY26 underscores the inherent strength of our business 
model. Our diversified portfolio, strong on-ground presence, and multi-brand strategy have 
enabled us to deliver growth and enhance profitability despite sectoral challenges. 
Our new launches, expansion into additional markets, and the strong showing by AGPL provide 
us with a solid platform for growth in the upcoming quarters. Looking ahead, we are positive 
about the expectations of normal monsoon, healthy reservoir levels, stabilization in key crop 
prices, improving export traction, normalizing inventories, and strengthening rural liquidity, 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
together creating a supportive backdrop for our sector. 
Against this environment, our focus will be on deepening our presence in core domestic markets, 
accelerating the growth of plant nutrients and biologicals, scaling up AGPL across more states, 
and further expanding our international reach. 
 
Further, with patent expiry of numerous agrotechnicals between 2024 and 2030 will create 
significant growth opportunities for the entire Indian agrochemical industry. With these strategic 
levers in place, we believe Indogulf Crop Sciences is well-positioned to deliver sustained growth 
and create long-term value for all stakeholders. 
 
With that, I pass on to Mr. Manoj Gupta to elaborate on financial and operational performance. 
Thank you. 
Manoj Gupta: 
Thank you. Good afternoon. I am pleased to walk you through our financial performance for 
the third quarter and 9M FY26. For the quarter ended December 31, 2025, revenue from 
operations stood at INR 1,161 million, an increase of 17% year-on-year. The growth was driven 
by strong contribution from both our B2C and B2B segments, supported by our focused 
distribution strategy and disciplined execution. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter increased by 16% to INR 117 million as compared to INR 101 million 
in Q3 FY25. The improvement in EBITDA reflects sustained operating leverage as we scaled 
revenue, along with the continued focus on the cost discipline and favorable product mix, 
including a strong contribution from the higher margin products and from AGPL.  
 
Profit before tax increased year-on-year to INR 74 million to as compared to INR 46 million in 
Q3 FY25, reflecting improved operating performance and better absorption of the fixed cost. 
Profit after tax for the quarter was INR 39 million, up by 5.6% year-on-year from INR 37 million 
in Q3 FY25. 
PAT growth in Q3 was impacted by higher tax provision related to earlier years. During the 
year, we have settled certain prior period tax liabilities leading to an increase in tax being 
provided in the current quarter. This is primarily an accounting adjustment and has a one-time 
impact on the reported PAT for the quarter.  
 
For the nine months ended December 31, 2025, revenue from operations was INR 553 crores, 
registering a robust growth of 19.3% year-on-year. EBITDA for 9M FY26 increased by 23% to 
INR 536 million as compared to INR 434 million in the corresponding period for the previous 
year. The improved EBITDA underscores the benefits of operating leverage, tighter cost control, 
and richer product and segment mix. 
 
Profit before tax for 9M FY26 at INR 391 million, up 33.2% from INR 294 million in 9M FY25. 
Profit after tax increased by 31% year-on-year to INR 28 crores as compared to INR 21 crores 
in the same period last year. The healthy growth in profitability for 9M FY26 reflects the 
improved earning quality, better absorption of the fixed asset, and strong contribution from 
AGPL.  

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
 
I'm just giving you the business mix and segment highlights. From a vertical standpoint, our 
performance in the 9M FY26 has been broad-based. Biologicals registered a growth of 15% 
year-on-year, plant nutrition recorded a strong growth of 23% year-on-year, and crop protection 
grew by 14% year-on-year during 9M FY26.  
 
The combined revenue of biological and plant nutrition increased to INR 56 crores from INR 
47 crores in the corresponding period last year, demonstrating increased acceptance of our 
differential portfolio and the positive impact of our farmer engagement initiatives. These 
segments are strategically important for us both from a growth and margin standpoint, and we 
are encouraged by their trajectory. 
 
Looking at our end-user segments, performance has been strong across both B2C and B2B. Our 
B2C business grew by 16% year-on-year in 9M FY26, rising from INR 2,597 million to INR 
3,016 million. Our B2B business delivered robust growth of 26% year-on-year, increasing from 
INR 1,736 million to INR 2,194 million. 
If I discuss the regional year-on-year growth for 9M FY26, Tamil Nadu grew by 80%, Haryana 
by 66%, Bihar by 58%, Uttar Pradesh by 31% and Himachal by 22%. (Note: this statement 
along with the underlying numbers was erroneously called out and now stands factually 
corrected) 
The balanced growth profile underscores the strength of our multi-channel approach. While the 
B2C business continues to provide brand strength, better realization, and closer farmer connect, 
the B2B business adds scale, operating leverage, and support better utilization of our 
manufacturing and sourcing capabilities. 
 
AGPL has also contributed meaningfully to both growth and profitability during the period, 
with improved channel alignment and a favorable product mix supporting margin. As the MD 
highlighted, we see significant potential for further scale-up in the business of AGPL. Thank 
you. We can open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Maitri Shah, Sapphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Maitri Shah:  
Yes, hello. Good morning. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are. Please go ahead. 
Maitri Shah:  
Yes, good morning. Few questions. Firstly, you mentioned that we have export orders from the 
3 countries. 
Moderator: 
Sorry for interrupting, there is an echo that is coming from your end. 
Maitri Shah: 
Yes. So could you quantify the export orders we have currently in the hand? 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Yes, for these countries, almost around INR 4 crores to INR 5 crores orders we have in hand. 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Maitri Shah: 
And what sort of margins are there on this order, if you could give me the difference between 
the domestic and the export order margins? 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Export order margins range from 7% to around 18%. 
Maitri Shah: 
Secondly, what sort of targets do we have for FY27 and FY26 on the overall guidance and also 
from the exports, if you could mention that? 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Pardon, can you repeat the question? 
Maitri Shah: 
Yes, any guidance for FY26 and FY27 on revenue and margin? 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Sorry, I cannot commit for any forward-looking figures. But definitely, the opportunities look 
better. And as we have mentioned that last 9 months, we have grown in all our segments, and 
we have put the desired actions and desired strategies on place. So we look forward for growth 
in all the sectors. 
Maitri Shah: 
Okay. And since our margins are so volatile quarter-on-quarter, any sort of steady state number 
we could give that mean for this year and maybe next year as well? 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Your voice is actually breaking. Can you repeat the question, please?  
Maitri Shah: 
Yes, sure. Quarter-on-quarter margins have been so volatile because of the seasonality. If there 
is a steady-state number we can provide for the full year basis on the margins, if that is possible. 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Full year margin, Manoj you can… 
Manoj Gupta: 
The full year margin trends will be approximately on the same lines, but we cannot commit that 
what will be, because we are working hard on these things as we have shown in the 9 months. 
So better margins we are expecting in the next 3 months also. 
Maitri Shah: 
In the same line as quarter 2 or maybe even higher, if you could give, like not a number, but 
maybe just an inclination of where we are seeing it? 
Manoj Gupta: 
See, this full year, definitely, our margins will grow. But quarter-to-quarter, sometimes it is 
difficult to say because the quarter-to-quarter, it depends on a lot of variations. 
Maitri Shah: 
But no guidance you can give us to quantify? 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
No, at present, no. At present no. 
Maitri Shah: 
Okay. Yes, that is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ram, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Ram: 
Thank you for the opportunity. First, sir, the capacity expansion that we are doing, what is the 
progress on that? Are we on track to complete them by year-end? 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Due to this GRAP situation in Delhi NCR, 2 to 3 months have been impacted and maybe there 
will be a little delay in that project by those 2 to 3 months. Maybe by Q1 end of 2027, we will 
be starting our new facility as well. 
Ram: 
And sir, how much contribution will they have, the new facilities in our revenue for the next 
year? 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
See, revenue figures, we cannot comment. But definitely, with the expanded infrastructure and 
with our strategies online, we are looking forward for growth in all the 3 sectors, especially our 
B2C business, brand business, we are planning for some new products as well in the coming 
year also. And we are looking forward for the expansion with the two companies, Abhiprakash 
and Indogulf. So with product basket enhancement as well as infrastructure enhancement, the 
growth will be there. 
Ram:  
Okay, sir. Sir, last one, during the last con call, you mentioned that Q4 is relatively stronger. So 
given the water level availability in Q3, so how was the sowing and how do you see Q4, like? I 
do not want numbers, but you tell me, do you see it stronger year-on-year? How do you see Q4? 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Of course, our last three quarters has been consistently growing, and we have done some 
strategic planning and strategic execution, and the results are before you. All the three quarters 
have been exemplary, great. Q4 definitely we are looking forward for growth as well, and we 
are in the mid of Q4, so I think the growth will be there. 
Ram:  
Okay, sir. And sir, these tax expenses that we have this quarter, can you elaborate more on that 
and how do you see them in the coming quarters? So can you explain them a little bit more? 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Can you repeat, please? 
Ram: 
Tax expense which has dented our bottom line this quarter, the tax expense for the previous 
years? 
Manoj Gupta: 
Yes, that actually was the accounting adjustment, because in the assets and liability sides, there 
was the previous year tax liabilities were lined. So one-time we have cleared it. It will not impact 
in the forthcoming quarters. 
Ram:  
So in the forthcoming quarters, we will have a steady-state tax rate and there will not be any 
adjustment? 
Manoj Gupta:  
No, no, no, there will be no adjustment. This is the one-time adjustment. 
Ram:  
Okay, sir. Just one suggestion, sir, a qualitative guidance could be given. Like, in the first 
quarter, you gave a guidance of 30% - 35%, then now we are not seeing any guidance. So we 
just request you to give us a qualitative guidance. How company is seeing the growth, so that 
some idea can be taken about the future growth of the company? 
Manoj Gupta: 
 
Okay. 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Ram:  
So on that front, Q4, you have mentioned that our Q2 and Q4 are strong quarters, Q3 is normal 
and Q1 is the lowest. So now Q4, how do you see it? Do you see it normal as compared to 
previous Q4s, or do you see it little bit subdued like Q4 of the last year and year before that? 
Sanjay Aggarwal:  
Okay, so Ram, this year had been a very unforeseen year for the industry as a whole. You can 
see the peers as well, the listed peers. And that is the reason that we don't want to give any 
guidance. But definitely we want to speak by our performance. 
And last three quarters have been speaking about Indogulf towards - which direction we are 
working, how we are working, and where we want to be. So, we are more or less now consistent, 
and even Q3 had performed quite good and we are happy with the results as well. 
 
So, the growth will be there, the plans are in place, the products are in place, the network is 
increasing. Abhiprakash is doing pretty well. As I had mentioned that we will be opening some 
more states in Abhiprakash, especially in the central part of India. We had already taken some 
steps for that. So, we are looking forward for the growth, but we don't want to give any figures 
or anything. The performance should speak rather than our guidance. 
Ram: 
Thank you so much, sir. The management commented that the performance will speak is enough 
for us. We are wishing you very good luck for your future, sir. Thank you so much. 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Yes, thank you, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nivendra Shah from Alfa Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Nivendra Shah: 
Yes, hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is, by when is the new plant at 
Barwasni expected to be operational? And what is the contribution that you expect from the 
same plant? 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Okay, so as I mentioned to the earlier speaker, Ram also, that due to GRAP situation in Delhi, 
this time the GRAP extension has been there, which is beyond our control. And there is a delay 
of 2 to 3 months, and we expect by end of Q1 FY27, the plant shall be operational. So, the 
advantage of this infrastructure expansion will be reflected in our performance. We are looking 
forward for good growth in the coming years and I think that addresses your query. 
Nivendra Shah: 
Understood, sir. Thank you. Second question would be, there is a lot of traction in the expansion 
into new geographies that you all are doing. So, are there any more such expansions planned? 
And if yes, could you highlight some of the regions? 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Yes, as I mentioned that we shall be opening few more states in Abhiprakash Globus in central 
part of India. Already we have recruited some zonal team, and in next few months, central part 
of India, which was yet not started in Abhiprakash, that will be started. And in overseas 
geographies as I mentioned, three countries have been added this year and we are looking for 
some more opportunities and possibilities in the coming year in overseas geographies as well. 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
Nivendra Shah: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Thank you, Nivendra. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Arjun Gupta with MK Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Arjun Gupta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is, sir, what kind of volume growth was achieved 
in the current quarter? And also if you could highlight the state-wise contribution to that? 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
What kind of volume growth? 
Arjun Gupta: 
Yes, sir. 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
You want to understand the volume growth? 
Arjun Gupta: 
Yes, sir. 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Yes, so broadly there were not much price impact if we compare overall situation. A little dip 
was there in few of the products, but more or less it was balanced. So whatever growth you can 
find, that is majorly quantitative growth only. 
So the percentage which our CFO has shared, that reflects both value-wise growth as well as 
quantitative growth. Quantitative growth rather will be a little 1% or 2% more because there is 
a little average drop in the prices, which shows that quantitative incremental growth is higher 
than the value-wise growth. 
Arjun Gupta: 
Sure, that's helpful, sir. And my second question is, I think, we did not see any new product 
launches in Q3. I think it was 12 in H1 and 9M FY26. Is there anything planned for Q4? 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
No, actually the product launches are usually done in Q1 and sometimes in Q2 of the year 
because those are the initial months where we do our state-wise launches and we start the 
campaigns on those products. 
So we are prepared for Q1 also this year, four to five products already we have shortlisted and 
we are planning. So the products which had been launched in Q1 and Q2 this year continue to 
add value to our topline in Q3 and Q4 as well. 
Arjun Gupta: 
Understood. Thank you. That's it from my end. 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
Yes, thanks Arjun. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we have reached the end of 
question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. 
Sanjay Aggarwal: 
So I thank all the investors, all the participants today and we are looking forward for good 
closing of this year and the we have budgeted great for the next year as well. To all investors, I 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
want to acknowledge for your confidence, for your trust on Indogulf Cropsciences. Thanks a 
lot. Have good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Indogulf Cropsciences Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This document has been edited to improve readability  
 
Contact information:  
investors@groupindogulf.com 
 
 Registered & Corporate Office:  
501, Gopal Heights,  
Netaji Subhash Place,  
New Delhi – 110034  
Corporate Identification No: L74899DL1993PLC051854 
