                                                                                                                          
 
 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
IRDAI Registration No. 145 | CIN: L66000DL2008PLC182918 
                                    Registered Office: C-98, First Floor, Lajpat Nagar, Part 1, Delhi-110024 
Corporate Office: 3rd Floor, Capital Cyber scape, Golf Course Extension Road, Sector-59, Gurugram-122101, Haryana.  
Website: www.nivabupa.com | Email id: investor@nivabupa.com I Tel: +91-124-6354900 
February 03, 2026 
 
Ref: NIVABUPA/EQ/2025-26/92 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Symbol: NIVABUPA 
 
Scrip Code: 544286 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings call 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We hereby enclose Transcript of the Earnings call on Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 2025, held with Investors/Analysts on January 29, 2026. 
 
Transcript shall also be available on website of the Company at www.nivabupa.com . 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
 
Aparna Sharma 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
APARNA 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by 
APARNA SHARMA 
Date: 2026.02.03 
17:08:18 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited  
Q3 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNAN RAMACHANDRAN - MANAGING 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, NIVA BUPA 
HEALTH INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED  
MR. VISHWANATH MAHENDRA - EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, NIVA BUPA 
HEALTH INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. ANKUR KHARBANDA - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER, NIVA BUPA HEALTH 
INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. BHABATOSH MISHRA - CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER, NIVA BUPA HEALTH INSURANCE COMPANY 
LIMITED  
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANSUMAN DEB - ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Niva Bupa Q3 FY'26 Earnings Conference 
call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. 
Please note that any statements and comments made in today's call that may look like forward-
looking statements are based on the information presently available to the Management and do 
not constitute any indication of any future performance, as future involves risks and uncertainties 
which could cause results to differ materially from the current view being expressed. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ansuman from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Ansuman Deb: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It gives us immense pleasure to host the Senior 
Management of Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited for their Q3 FY'26 Results 
Conference call. 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Krishnan Ramachandran – Managing Director and CEO. Over 
to you, sir. 
Krishnan Ramachandran: Thank you very much, Ansuman, and thank you to each and every one of you who has joined 
this call. 
Let me start off our presentation: 
There has been a number of very, very important developments in Q3, specifically from a policy 
standpoint and also a number of industry initiatives are picking up momentum. 
So, I thought I would spend a minute or two to walk you through all of what is happening from 
an overall industry landscape standpoint. 
• 
I think the first one is the awareness campaign, which all of you are aware of. But just 
to reiterate, the industry is committed to spending a sizable amount to the tune of Rs. 
120 crores-Rs. 140 crores every year on spreading insurance awareness, general lines 
as well as health, health being a significant part of this spend. This campaign, one 
more burst of this campaign is currently live as we speak. So, this is an important 
initiative which is being sustained by the industry. 
• 
The second important initiative is how we build a more transparent, a more sustainable 
and better ecosystem of insurance and hospitals for the benefit of the policyholder; 
promoting both access to high quality care as well as affordable care. And as you are 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
all aware, there is a significant common empanelment initiative underway. There is a 
lot of focus on bringing about commonality around evidence-based practice of 
medicine through standard treatment protocols and use of technology. While the 
overall initiative is underway and we are making great progress, I do want to update 
all of you that we are very excited that Dr. Prakash, who's an outstanding clinician as 
well as somebody who has deep experience in the insurance industry, being the Joint 
Managing Director at Star Health, has now joined the General Insurance Council as 
the CEO for Health. So, I think his leadership will be very, very instrumental in driving 
and giving fresh impetus to a number of initiatives around health insurance and health 
care that the industry has embarked on. 
• 
I think the third big one, which was a big topic of discussion last time, is specifically 
how is GST going to play out as far as economics as well as consumer demand is 
concerned. The signs are clearly quite positive as far as Q3 is concerned. And my 
colleague Ankur will give you an update on business and Vishwanath will give you 
an update on what it's meant from a financial performance standpoint. 
• 
And the last update on, along this theme is the insurance amendment bill, which got 
passed. 
I guess a few key highlights: 
Of course, a big one from our standpoint is the 100% FDI, which really clears the way for more 
foreign participation, not just in Niva Bupa, but also into the industry. But a few things which 
have been topics of discussion amongst us several times. 
So, I just thought I would highlight what is not there that was expected to be there is the 
composite license has not come about. The ability to generate fee income through value-added 
services is not there, as well as open architecture on agency is not there. So now there is certainty 
in terms of what the bill or the Insurance Amendment Act contains. So, I would say that's the 
other big policy update as far as Q3 is concerned. 
Coming on to the business performance of the Company itself: 
On a like-to-like basis, I want to repeat, because of the accounting change, we will still continue 
to focus on giving you an update both on an N as well as 1/N basis. But on a like-to-like basis 
for 9 months, we overall had a growth rate of 26% as a Company and a retail growth rate of 
33%. Our 9-month PAT was Rs. 208 crores and our retail market share improved for the 9-
month period to 10%. 
I am also particularly proud that we have been recertified for the sixth time in a row as a “Great 
Place to Work”. We have sustained a very “High Trust Index Score”. We will figure in the “Top 
100 Companies, Great Places to Work in India” and also in the top 25 in “Banking and Financial 
Services”. 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
And I cannot overemphasize how important a KPI this is for us because, as you all know, this 
business is a daily execution-intensive business. And talent, we believe, is a significant 
differentiator. And this KPI, gives you, the audience, the investor, the analyst, a sense on how 
well we are doing on what I believe is the most essential raw material for our sustained success. 
A couple of key customer metrics on NPS: 
We have improved by 5 percentage points. 5 points, rather. Our blended NPS stands at 58. Our 
cashless NPS holds steady at a very strong 67 and we continue to maintain best-in-class claim 
settlement ratios at close to 95%. 
And last time when we spoke, I gave you a brief update on how we are transforming our value 
chain using AI. We will give you a more robust update when we do our next call. But just to 
give you a flavor, while we are already fairly mature when it comes to using, let me just call it 
traditional AI techniques such as machine learning, we are also making significant progress 
using Gen AI. I updated, we were on the implementation path of Sprinkler. So, Sprinkler has 
gone live. And we are adding, continuously adding, infusing AI capabilities, which the product 
has to offer. We also have a functioning AI Lab, as we speak. And every element of the value 
chain, and we put this out in the investor presentation, we are working through how we transform 
it using both traditional AI as the exciting generative AI capabilities through the large language 
models. 
At this point, I am going to hand over to Vishwanath for an update on our financial performance. 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening, everyone. 
So, to start with profit, profit after tax under IFRS increased by 74% from Rs. 120 crores in 9 
months last financial year to Rs. 208 crores current financial year YTD. The profit for Quarter 
3, Rs. 77 crores in current financial year, against Rs. 60 crores last financial year. This is after 
taking into account one-off impact of around Rs. 20 crores on account of impact of new wage 
codes, related to past service cost for gratuity and leave encashment. 
Combined ratio for 9 months under IFRS has improved by 50 basis point to 102.9%. If we 
remove the one-off impact of gratuity and leave encashment, the COR comes to around 102.6% 
for same period. While there is increase in overall loss ratio by 1.1%, mainly because of mix 
change, this has been more than offset by reduction in expense ratio by 1.6%, resulting in 
improvement in combined ratio. Retail loss ratio on IFRS basis for 9 months in current financial 
year is 66.9%, which is a shade better than last financial year nine month retail loss ratio of 67%. 
The expense of management, EOM ratio for 9 months improved to 35% from 39% in last 
financial year on without 1/N basis. When calculated on 1/N basis, the ratio stood at 36.3%. This 
improvement is driven by mainly decrease in gross commission ratio as percentage of GWP 
from around 23% in H1 this financial year to around 21% in Q3, mainly due to including GST 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
as part of commission. Most importantly, because of operating leverage, where the expenses 
have gone up by 13%, GWP has gone up by 32%. The allowable EOM including additional 
allowance comes to 35.9%. And hence on without 1/N basis, we are compliant and with 1/N 
basis, it is higher by around 40 basis points. We are very confident that we will meet the 
regulatory requirement on both 1/N accounting and without 1/N accounting for current financial 
year. 
Annualized investment yield for 9 months is 7.3% with AUM of around Rs. 9,000 crores. 
Solvency ratio is at a healthy level of 2.49. So, that was financial highlights for 9 months. 
Let me now hand over to Ankur for more detailed update on business. 
Ankur Kharbanda: 
Thank you, Vishwanath. Good evening, everyone. 
Overall, our growth in Q3 was 31%. And for the 9 months, it is 26% overall. And when I give 
you new business numbers, the growth in Q3 was 46%. And the total of YTD, which is 9 months 
is 30%, which helped us to gain market share from a 9.6% in H1 to a 10.2% in Q3 and taking 
our overall market share to 10% in the first 9 months. 
Let me now go to channel-wise and give you a view on some of the large channels: 
Agency saw growth of 43% in Quarter 3 and for the 9 months the growth is 32%. When I give 
you numbers for bank and non-bank financials as NBFCs, the Quarter 3 growth was 27.5% and 
19% on a YTD basis. And most importantly, our digital, direct digital channel, the business 
overall grew by 70% in Quarter 3. And overall, they are maintaining a healthy growth of 49%. 
And last time, I updated all that GST will have a very positive impact. And all our Q3 numbers 
are signaled to one of the reasons is also we got tailwinds from GST. And important to share 
that Q3 volume growth was also 29%. And the value growth additional was 15% there, which 
means the ticket size went up by 15% in Q3. Vis-à-vis H1, H1 volume growth was 22% for us, 
and the value growth, which is the ticket size growth was only 5%. 
These are the highlights of this quarter and overall, 9 months performance on the business side 
and the channel side. I would now request Dr. Bhabatosh to talk about the products and the claim 
side. 
Bhabatosh Mishra: 
Thank you, Ankur. 
Our most recently launched product Reassure 3.0 has found really great favor with the market. 
It has in a short period of time become the fastest growing product. This product, if you may 
recall, or if you may know has very unique features. This is India's first inflation proof product 
for lifetime. With unlimited sum insured, it beats the high level of medical inflation that our 
country continues to witness. With features like comprehensive OPD wellness and prevention, 
it offers coverage not traditionally as for hospitalization, but also for complete suite of OP 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
expenses like diagnostics, various consultations and pharmacy as well. With Niva Bupa One 
membership available in certain variants of the product, customers can access superior services 
or really wide comprehensive suite of health checkups in top tier institutions, faster delivery of 
services and assistance programs throughout their journey, whether it is with regards to 
application policy or claims or endorsements. Complete customization is possible through a 
range of optional benefits like global coverage, varied pre-existing waiting periods, small to 
medium size co-payments, very small to high-deductible options. Interestingly, a tiered network 
which accrues discounts to customer and many more. 
On our Digital Health Services through our health ecosystem, we continue to witness wide 
adoption. On an average more than 50,000 annual preventive checkups and diagnostic tests are 
booked through our mobile app as a digital asset. Nearly 3,000 HRAs are completed on the 
platform. We also went live with Phase 1 of completely upgraded and revamped provider page 
to help our customers make right health care setup decisions. This also allows them not just to 
review the ratings, clinical and other parameters of the hospital, but simultaneously compare 
multiple hospitals to make the right decision. Our app continues to enjoy 4+ rating, 4.2 on iOS 
and 4.4 in Android. And our MAU, monthly active users, continue to grow at nearly 600,000 
active users on a month-on-month basis. 
Happy to announce that our PPN or preferred provider network grows from strength to strength. 
Now having presence in 47 cities in India with nearly 1,100 hospitals and thus the contribution 
of PPN to overall has gone up to 20% of total claims coming through PPN and consumer 
experience, superior consumer experience at PPN exhibited through NPS of 80 plus now. 
Over to you, Krishnan, sir. 
Krishnan Ramachandran: No, I think just to summarize before we throw this open to Q&A, we did have a strong Q3, at 
least the early signal with respect to some of the, specifically the change around GST, the signs 
are definitely positive in terms of both volume and value increase. And in spite of, there is a hit 
on account of GST on non-commissioned services and there is also the one off which 
Vishwanath mentioned on account of labor code changes, we have had a strong Q3. 
So, that's it from our side. Over to every one of you for your questions, comments, suggestions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Supratim Datta from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the retail claim loss ratio. So, the retail claim 
loss ratio has been broadly stable at around 67% despite the very strong growth in new business. 
Just wanted to understand why is that, because typically new business would have a lower loss 
ratio? So, just wanted to understand, is there any other offsetting factor that is going into this, 
which we should be aware about? That's one. Second thing on the growth side, there has been 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
GST tailwinds, your ReAssure 3.0 product has seen very significant traction as well. But are you 
seeing these GST tailwinds continue into January as well? And, is that traction continuing? Or 
should we think of it as more of a structural tailwind as compared to one-off impact that would 
have played out for three months? And I just wanted to understand, how the trends there are 
playing out? And then, lastly, Vishwanath, on your commentary around, the regulation bit. Just 
wanted to understand that there are multiple initiatives, you are right, being taken by the General 
Insurance Council. But when it comes to medical inflation or commissions, we are not seeing 
any improvement at an overall industry level. So, when should we start seeing these initiatives, 
which either the General Insurance Council or companies are taking really flow down to and 
resulting in the industry profitability improve? How far are we from that point? And what really 
needs to change for that to happen? If you could throw some light there. Thank you. 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
Supratim, I will just start with loss ratio. So, loss ratio is stable around 67% and see, this is based 
on earned premium and all the business growth. Of course, we have been consistently growing. 
But the one which Ankur mentioned, the supernormal growth in last quarter, the earned premium 
of this will take time. So, the mix change we have to see not only in terms of GWP, but more 
like earned premium. It will reflect over a period of time. So, in that sense, if we look at our 
planning, our modeling, etc., this loss ratio being stable itself is, I mean, looking pretty good to 
us. 
Ankur Kharbanda: 
And on your next question in terms of GST tailwinds to sustain, from October to November and 
to December, the December growth was even better. And January also looks very healthy to us, 
which to me looks like it's not a one-time benefit which we have got. Looks like a sustained one 
to us. 
Krishnan Ramachandran: And Supratim, in terms of your question on broadly the two sets of initiatives, right, or three sets 
of initiatives. Let me take the one on acquisition cost first. I would say as an industry, and we 
updated last time as well, that the GST impact on commissions would be passed through. That 
is evident in our data, right? If I look at gross commission ratio for H1, it was 23%. For Q3, it is 
21%. So, there is a 2 percentage point fall. And largely this is on account of GST. That's one 
example. Also, as you may be aware, on senior trail, the commission rates have been dropped to 
for many, many participants, 10% including GST. So, that's another. And, the senior book is 
between 15% and 20% of several companies; several large platforms. So, that's another 
significant development, which is actually operating at the industry level. So, clearly there is 
action happening, and that action is also evident in the data, at least in terms of what I just told 
you. With respect to, look, the other point is the awareness campaign, where GST has certainly 
been an important tailwind. But more broadly, I think the overall spend on awareness should 
play out. I am sure there is some impact of that in terms of the business growth numbers that 
Ankur alluded to. But these are things that take time to play out with any such campaign. This 
is a multi-year impact item, not something that you can expect to see results for in a quarter or 
two. That's generally how sustained brand building and awareness works. Now, to the point on 
what is happening on the hospital side. Look, there are close to a thousand hospitals that are 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
empanelled with common rates with the industry today. Again, and these are at rates of the 
industry with its collective bargaining power has empanelled these hospitals. So, for sure, the 
impact of this and this number will go to 5,000 in the next 6 to 9 months. So, the impact of this 
will also play out. But let me also add, it's not just tariffs. I would say tariffs is only one part of 
what the industry initiative on, with respect to hospitals about. It's also about standardization. 
So, last time I mentioned that, we have standardized protocols for seven medical conditions. We 
have also standardized protocols for seven treatments. This is also having an impact. We are not 
yet in a position to quantify it for you. But for sure, this will have an impact on claims cost and 
therefore ongoing affordability of health insurance. 
Supratim Datta: 
Got it. Just one follow up question there, Krishnan. On the senior citizen plan, it has come down 
from 15 to 10. I just wanted to understand can this be extended to the other products as well? 
Because not a lot of effort is really required to drive renewal business. And the renewal 
commissions actually goes as the person ages as well, because the premium goes up. So, I wanted 
to understand if this could be extended for the entire renewal piece as well. 
Krishnan Ramachandran: Supratim, it's always about keeping a balance. And it's about taking a measured approach, 
because as I mentioned last time, we want to make sure that as we do this, of course, there is a 
win for the customer, distribution and us. So, it is about finding the balance over time. So, could 
it be done? The answer is yes. But, it's about having a balanced approach and measured approach 
to do some of these things. But the point really is in the last 12 months, there has been some 
fairly serious action. 
Supratim Datta: 
Got it. Understood. And just one data keeping question. What is the IFRS loss ratio in 3Q FY'26? 
And if you could also mention the gross-earned, the insurance revenue from IFRS, those two 
could be helpful. 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
So, Supratim, on IFRS result, this time we are publishing all the results, including with limited 
review by statutory auditor. So, they should be there in Stock Exchange's website. Maybe in an 
hour or so. So, you will get everything. But we can talk about, you wanted to know, quarter three 
IFRS loss ratios overall? This is 64.4%. 
Supratim Datta: 
Okay, that's helpful. 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
And you will get all insurance revenue, etc., everything. 
Supratim Datta: 
Okay, that would be very helpful. Thank you, Vishwanath. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line on Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Vishwanath, can you spell out your group claims ratio for 9 
months, current year, and last year? Just to understand, because overall loss ratio is lower than 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
the retail. So, naturally, the group is better. So, just if you can give the color, how the number is 
and how it has changed from last year. 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
Yes, Sanketh So, group loss ratio last year was around 57%. This year is 62%. That's the 
increase. And that has to do mainly with mix change. And you can see the drop in expenses, I 
mean, this is one of the factors. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. And just related to that point, maybe I don't know the corporate plans, if they have 
helped to reduce your EoM or accelerate the compliance of your EoM. Just wanted to understand 
whether the behavior in that business has been in line with your expectations? So, when it comes 
to the 4th Quarter renewal, you will continue to do it? Or any thoughts on those lines? Or how 
the contracts are behaving? Suppose you want to withdraw any compliance burden with respect 
to EoM? 
Krishnan Ramachandran: So, Sanketh, as we have always maintained, we write this business wherever we believe it makes 
economic sense for us. So, in terms of writing corporate business, it is not about EoM. It is about 
doing it for entirely business reasons. In fact, this portfolio has actually grown slower for us. It's 
grown at 12% this year, just to give you a sense. So, we write this business when the pricing is 
supportive for us, and also when our value proposition is resonating. So, compared to last year, 
this business is only growing at 12%. So, materially slower than the Company's overall growth 
rate. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, Krishnan. So, actually, that was my next question, that if your group growth is 12, 
and if the corporate part also has grown by 12, then your banca business has meaningfully slowed 
down. Maybe I am asking this question very similar to the previous quarter, whether this is 
market share loss, or in general, disbursements being weak, is leading to that slowdown? 
Ankur Kharbanda: 
No. So, on the banca side, as I mentioned, Sanketh, our growth is 27.5% in Quarter 3, banca 
NBFC. And YTD, we are almost at 20% growth on the banca side. It's not slowing down overall. 
The 12%, which Mr. Krishnan mentioned, was on the B2B side, employer-employee side. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay, understood. Okay, maybe I was looking at the wrong number. Sorry, my bad there. So, 
understood that point. And which means, eventually, means that your mix in the favor of benefit-
based products improved. So, which should be boding well for overall loss ratios in group 
business to improve going ahead compared to 62, what you reported now? 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
Yes, in future, you are right. So, when we look at this next year, because this is basis earning, 
the weights of earning, and that's why we are here, yes. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. And lastly, two questions. One is, can you spell out contribution of your long-term 
policies in the fresh business you are doing? You said that the growth is on fresh 47, if I got the 
number right. So, how much was the contribution of long-term in the current 3rd Quarter or 9 
months? And how was it in 3rd Quarter last year and 9 months of the last year? And the second 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
question is on solvency. See, our solvency was 300 plus, now has dipped to 249, maybe because 
of 1/N accounting thing. Assume profit pools remain slow and the growth remains as strong as 
it is in the IGAAP numbers, the solvency is based on IGAAP numbers. So, do you think these 
numbers will see a challenge or you will go for a sub-debt? I know it's too early to ask, but I just 
wanted to understand when the convergence in the profits will happen and therefore it might not 
trigger solvency to fall below 200? 
Ankur Kharbanda: 
So, let me take the first one. Sanketh, our overall multi-year policies has been stable since last 
year. There has been not very significant change over last year to this year. This is hovering 
around 20%-21% even in last year and this year as well. Neither the quarter wise there is any 
change which I should highlight here. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, this 20%-21% is on total premium, including renewals. If I consider only new-new, then 
also the number is same? 
Ankur Kharbanda: 
Around some change, but not very significant here. I don't have immediate handy number, but 
not very significant is what I will tell you. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, Thanks. 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
Yes, on solvency, Sanketh. So, as you know, there is a seasonality in IGAAP profit and Quarter 
4 is always heavy in terms of results, so we don't see that to be challenge. 2.5 should only go up. 
So, I mean, it is as per our plan when we raise this capital. So, we are good with that. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. Perfect, those were my questions. 
Krishnan Ramachandran: The growth on banca that Ankur mentioned is the channel growth. It doesn't necessarily translate 
into, channel has both retail as well as group. So, just keep that in mind, as you think through 
how it will play out over time. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Yes, I understood, Krishnan. Thanks for the clarification. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, you mentioned about seven surgeries or something, which 
is kind of agreed rates. So, is it with the entire hospital network or how is it? And what would 
be the contribution of these, say, in your 9 months claims? 
Bhabatosh Mishra: 
Thank you, Prayesh. It's not on rate, what Mr. Krishnan referred to is, as an industry, most 
players have come to an agreement to apply evidence-based medicine, driven standard protocols 
for hospitalization in seven common, seven most common infectious diseases. Now, the same is 
also available, ratified by and thus is available on General Insurance Council's website as well. 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Now, all the insurers, one of the challenges that we used to, as insurers face is ambiguity about 
admission criteria in infections mostly. Now, these guidelines, as I said, very evidence-driven 
guidelines were created. These were circulated and discussed with more than 10,000-15,000 
providers and consequent to their input, and with their input, these have been agreed and have 
been put on General Insurance Council's website. That removes any ambiguity whether a 
hospitalization was necessary or not. This is about standard treatment protocols and guidelines 
and not about the cost. 
Krishnan Ramachandran: Maybe you should stick with the ICMR standard treatment workflows. 
Bhabatosh Mishra: 
Yes. So, as you would have heard, as many of you know, ICMR also has come up with standard 
treatment workflows or call it care pathways or guidelines for a range of more than 100 health 
conditions and diagnosis and procedures. Industry is at actively and at advanced stage of 
adopting this premier institution's very scientific body of work on creating these guidelines under 
the aegis of General Insurance Council. That is, as I said, at a fairly advanced level. This removes 
ambiguity and awards a lot of clarity even to consumers. Based on very clearly when is the 
admission required and whether the treatment is appropriate or not.  
Krishnan Ramachandran: Whole point, Prayesh, is we tend to talk a lot about tariffs, but actually the larger impact of how 
medicine plays out is on admissions, is about over care, it's about unnecessary care, right? So, 
the whole drive from an industry standpoint, in addition to, of course, common empanelment is 
on standardization, right? And the idea is, look, when we have standards on when is an admission 
necessary, what is the appropriate standard of care for a particular presenting diagnosis, right? 
And these are all, medicine is science. So, the idea is to, as an industry, of course, in 
collaboration, in consultation with hospitals, do this so that we have a handshake that is great 
from a consumer standpoint, both from an experience as well as from a cost angle.  
Bhabatosh Mishra: 
And if I may add, Prayesh, there the common empanelment, which Mr. Krishnan referred to 
earlier, again, driven through General Insurance Council, where already thousand hospitals have, 
we have achieved closure and sooner than later, likely to go to 5,000 is a combination of both 
standard tariffs with them and the simultaneous activity, standard treatment protocols, 
guidelines, what is already live and through the ICMR in combination addresses both the 
components, which is appropriate care, right admission at right cost. 
Krishnan Ramachandran: And do visit the council website to get a flavor of what these protocols are about. They are 
displayed on the General Insurance Council website. 
Prayesh Jain: 
I will do that. Just more color on it. So, obviously you would have been, you would have a better 
understanding on this with respect to what has been the average claim sizes on these diseases 
and current tariffs or whatever savings. Do you think that those are significantly or materially 
lower than what we are looking at average claim size on these diseases right now? 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Bhabatosh Mishra: 
As I mentioned, the standard protocols primarily are about admitting the patient when admission 
is required based on clinical condition and parameters. 
Prayesh Jain: 
There could be number of reasons it can go wrong? 
Krishnan Ramachandran: That's correct. So, in our, for example, post-monsoon, we have historically witnessed a 
significantly high level of admissions, for example, for dengue fever. Now there is a protocol on 
when an admission is warranted. And by the application of this protocol consistently as an 
industry, we are in a position to say, hey, all of the signs and symptoms and presenting diagnosis 
does not warrant an admission. And an unwarranted admission is actually harmful to the 
customer. So, that, it will lower admissions, completely eliminating the claim as opposed to 
dealing with average claim size. 
Bhabatosh Mishra: 
And very important to note these two points, if I may add. One is because we had circulated to 
all providers, all hospitals and have taken their input and then only finalized. That means 
customer is not inconvenienced. Hospitals also know the protocol that is applied. So, 
unnecessary admissions are avoided, and consumers are not inconvenienced in that. Otherwise, 
once somebody unnecessarily admitted at the claim stage, only if you apply, maybe you are 
doing the right thing, still possibly customer may face some hardship that is also eliminated by 
providing clarity and removing ambiguity. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. Thanks for that detailed explanation. Last question, just on the commission bit again, 
there has been a very strong fresh growth in this quarter. And the commission ratios have come 
down. And with respect to passing on GST, is that a concluded agreement with all your partners 
or there are still negotiations going on and possibly some impact of it could come in the later 
quarters? Is there anything on that sorts? 
Ankur Kharbanda: 
We have closed all discussions, and we have passed it on to our distributors. And as I mentioned 
earlier, they've also seen the results of this GST. Their overall income is not getting impacted. 
They're all very happy that overall, business is going up. If you look at all the distributor 
businesses, overall business is going up. That's a very good news. Yes, there is an impact, but 
overall income impact is not there. Percentage impact may be there. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And isn't this fresh growth and in spite of that lower commissions, could you explain that? 
Ankur Kharbanda: 
The growth numbers are much higher, which means the overall business has gone up for them. 
The ticket size has gone up for them. 
Prayesh Jain: 
My question is on your IGAAP commission ratio. In spite of the fact that we had such a strong 
fresh growth, the ratio has come down. What explains that? 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
There is 2 percentage point, around 1.67 percentage point drop in commission ratio. Prayesh, 
that accounts for both new renewal mix, which would take it upward and passing on this 18% 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
GST. So, whatever commission we are paying on retail book, so it is divided by 1.18. So, if you 
just, let's just take a 70% retail book, if there is no change in this, so it should go down by 12.6%, 
just to give you mathematics. So, 21 divided by 1.126. So, it should have been lower, but it's not 
lower because of this change in mix where we have higher new business. 
Prayesh Jain: 
I will take this offline. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shobhit Sharma from HDFC Securities Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question is on the recent letter, which we have 
received from the IRDAI on the EoM. So, though the letter mentioned about the revised 
methodology for calculating EoM, but why I am asking this question is because there is a lot of 
noise and there is a lot of statements made by the government and the regulator around the higher 
distribution cost. So, do you expect that the overall EoM for the industry should be brought, 
would be brought down by the IRDAI and how prepared are we on that? Secondly, interestingly, 
you have given a slide on the claims ratio on the IGAAP side, how it has moved. So, I just 
wanted to understand, last year, you mentioned that there was a favorable impact of 1/N 
accounting. So, can you help us understand that? And on H1, you mentioned that the 1/N impact 
was around 5.2%, somewhere close to that. This at the end of 9-month, this has gone up. So, I 
just want to understand why this has happened, because during the quarter, you would have 
received the second installment of the long term premiums underwritten last year. So, that's it. 
And lastly, on the loss ratio, usually Q3 on a seasonal basis should have a lower loss ratio, but it 
seems it has gone up as compared to the last quarter. So, have we inched up our reserving? So, 
these are my questions. 
Krishnan Ramachandran: Sure. On EoM and commission, there has been a lot of discussion in the media, but in terms of 
what the position is, whether something is happening, if something is happening, how will it 
happen? To be honest, nobody has an answer to that. I would be just guessing, even if I told you 
anything on that. So, that's really where things are as far as both these topics are concerned. As 
of now, I guess the topic, as far as we are concerned, is what happens with respect to our own 
EOM, with respect to our glide path and compliance. And there Vishwanath has already 
confirmed that with respect to what is the regulation of the day, we are well on track to comply. 
On the IGAAP and loss ratio, I will ask Vishwanath. 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
So, loss ratio has not gone up, it has gone down. If you compare H1 to Q3 on retail side, group, 
of course, is a function of many things, including mix. So, retail loss ratio has gone down. And 
now your question on IGAAP. So, IGAAP, we mentioned that there is a one-time impact of one 
large group, which will get normalized in next quarter because the renewal is due on 1st January 
and that has been renewed. So, just to address that. And impact of 1/N accounting, maybe we 
can take offline. It is not very straightforward; that there is impact of business which was 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
deferred last year, that plus what we are deferring now. So, net of, if you do, so that's the impact 
we have shown of 1/N, 5.9%. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay. Vishwa, just one more thing, because of the claims, so because of the GST rationalization 
on the consumable side, on the claims side. So, have you experienced any kind of reduction in 
the claim size or claims cost? So, that's one. And on the expenses side, anything else other than 
the commission rationalization we have done? 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
Yes, I can take both the questions and both are quite related also. So, we have done analysis in 
depth, looking at claims, what was the, let's say medicine cost, individual medicine cost, pre-
GST and post-GST. So, we have seen there is certainly reduction in those. And if I can just share 
with you, for this, the impact is around 50 basis point on combined operating ratio. Of course, 
on loss claims is higher. Second part on GST, non-availability of input tax credit on other 
expenses. So, we have done 2-3 things. One, of course, we rationalized our expenses. We 
negotiated with some of the vendors. All those things have helped, but still there is impact on 
account of that, which is reflected in Q3 results, which incidentally is closer to that 50 basis 
point as far as COR is concerned. So, they almost nullify each other. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay. So, Vishwa, so you mentioned the 50 basis impact, this is on the 9-month number or for 
the quarter number? 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
It is for the quarter. The 9 months would be because H1 there was nothing. So, it is, you can see 
on underwriting basis. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avnish Tiwari from Vaikarya Change LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
On the positive things you mentioned about industry-wise efforts to control the claims, how 
much they would have benefited in terms of 9 months? Because the reported number shows sort 
of a flattish kind when I look at IFRS numbers. And if you look at a cohort-wise, because you 
have a mix of new, which helps you here, but if you can internally look at the cohort-wise to 
make a quantitative assessment, how much of impact, positive impact, these industry-wide 
efforts would have taken? 
Krishnan Ramachandran: Look, I just want to emphasize that the industry-wise efforts are again, like the awareness 
campaign, on the claim side, these are multi-year efforts, right? It's not that there is one action 
that fills, that you will start to see results in one quarter. So, these are multi-year efforts. And 
also, the fact of the matter is, with these efforts as well, there will be an inflation that will operate. 
And the fact that claims ratio is flat last year to this year, in spite of an aging book, and 
Vishwanath also mentioned with respect to earnings, I would say that means that effectively 
inflation has been at some level negated, right? So, that also gives you a sense of overall what is 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
happening in our portfolio. As far as the retail cohorts are concerned, I would say it's in line with 
our expectation, as well as planning. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Okay, so you also give this claims cost index, which is showing a not too much increase so far 
in this 9 months, right? Is that representation of all these efforts you are making? Is it fair to sort 
of draw a quantitative inference? 
Krishnan Ramachandran: It's a reasonable proxy for you to look at. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Got it. And your cohort seasoning impact of the claims ratios, is being nullified by the new fresh 
mix ingredient. That is also a fair assessment. I think if, let's say, you didn't have this, what is 
going on in terms of seasoning and the new offsetting it, then you would have seen slightly 
improved ratio on the claims. Is that fair to think? 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
You are right. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Okay. Another question I had on this one, if I had to look at the claims ratio you report in IFRS 
versus the claims ratio you report in the 1/N basis, there is about 8% gap. Can you help me in 
this accounting wise, what causes this much gap? 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
Yes, sure. So, IFRS, the claims ratio is on 1/365 method. So, which is in a way, true reflection 
of underlying claims and earnings. So, this is consistent. On IGAAP, there are two impacts which 
are playing. One, because under IGAAP, we don't have DAC. So, we know that that issue is 
there. In terms of claims, the claims ratio is calculated on 50% earning. So, we set off 50% of 
NWP as UPR. So, in that sense, there is a seasonality impact. Also, seasonality is accentuated 
because there was 1 or 2 large groups which were written on 1st January, which will get renewed 
on 1st January this year, which are already renewed. And next year, next quarter, when you see 
for whole year, that will be more normalized. And also on top of this, there is a 1/N impact also, 
because some of the business of multi-year is now deferred, which was not the case historically. 
So, there is a lot of noise. 
Krishnan Ramachandran: Yes, I would just add, and we have said this consistently, and I think all of you agree that the 
right way to look at our financials is on an IFRS basis. The Indian GAAP Accounting has a lot 
of noise, as Vishwanath mentioned. Also, because of the change in accounting that was 
introduced last year. Also, the regulator has also indicated that IFRS will become the local 
standard of accounting April 1, 2027, onwards. So, we will have to bear with this noise for this 
quarter as well as four quarters next year. But after that, it should hopefully be all IFRS. 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
Yes. And just to mention, our IFRS limited review accounts for 9 months, along with the 
auditor's attestation is available now on the Stock Exchange website. So, you can also download 
from the stock exchange. 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Got it. And the last piece on this, that the pricing increase, which is being taken by the industry-
wide, including yourself, is that, if you look at 9-month '26, is it sufficient or more than sufficient 
to cover the medical cost inflation, all of those factors and problems in the industry? Or is this 
still what you probably will need to come to a profitable level for the industry? 
Krishnan Ramachandran: I am not sure I understood the question. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
I meant to say that the price increase you take on your products, right? 
Krishnan Ramachandran: Yes. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
The pricing increase, you talked about a few things in the call, but are these price increases 
enough, given that you have made some controlling effort towards the cost inflation side on the 
medical cost and industry? But now, are we meeting, matching that criteria where prices and 
costs are converging to each other, or still the cost inflation is ahead of price increase? 
Krishnan Ramachandran: I think we have consistently maintained that our approach to pricing is to do it annually and to 
do it high single digit. That approach or strategy does not change. What that high single digit is, 
is a function of what is the underlying inflation that we are seeing. And as you pointed out, 9 
months this year has been relatively all right, benign. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Great, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sucrit D. Patil from Eyesight Fintrade. Please 
go ahead. 
Sucrit D. Patil: 
Good evening to the team. I have two questions, both forward looking. My first question to Mr. 
Krishnan is, with rising healthcare inflation and increasing penetration of retail health insurance, 
how is Niva Bupa refining its product design, underwriting framework and distribution mix to 
drive sustainable growth? In this context, how do you balance expansion into your customer 
category with maintaining long-term claim discipline, customer experience and the existing 
portfolio quality? That's the first question. I will ask the second question after this. Thank you. 
Krishnan Ramachandran: Sure, look, I will reiterate what we have consistently maintained as our approach to building a 
sustainable portfolio, is our underwriting approach of, which is basis, lifetime value. This is a 
fairly sophisticated and mature algorithm that we have been working on for the last, close to 6 
years now, which is about matching the product, the sum insured, with the economics that we 
part with to distribution, geography, channel, age, etc, etc. And we are in a position to therefore 
then indicate, predict when we underwrite a particular risk, is it going to be sustainable over the 
long term, specifically with respect to how the cohorts behave. So, I think this approach has 
stood us in good stead. And this is fundamentally the approach that we use to select risk. Now, 
in terms of building a sustainable portfolio, this is the most powerful lever. But there are other 
levers that we have mentioned in the past, and I will reiterate some of them. One is, a discipline 

 
Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
around inflation-driven price increase every year. We believe that it's better to do single-digit 
price increase annually as opposed to bunching it up over 2-3 years, where it ends up being a 
sticker shock and results in selective lapse. So, this is the other pricing discipline that we have 
maintained. There is a lot of work that we are doing on the claims side, both from a cost 
management and coincidentally, also improving customer experience. Dr. Bhabatosh referred to 
the preferred provider network. There is a bunch of industry initiatives that I spoke about, 
including medical protocols, etc, etc. So, I think that is the other lever that we use to build a 
sustainable portfolio. And also, on the renewal book, there is continuous opportunities to 
upgrade customers to more appropriate products, more appropriate sum insured. So, there is a, 
steady cross-sell, up-sell rhythm. And nearly one in five of eligible customers do get cross-sold 
or up-sold at the time of renewal. So, it's taken together. This is what we call our approach to 
portfolio management that delivers what we believe will be sustainable over time. 
Sucrit D. Patil: 
Thank you. I have just one question to Mr. Vishwanath. Again, it's a forward-looking one, just 
want to understand your vision on this. Given the constant volatility in claims ratio and the ever-
evolving regulatory compliance, how are you thinking about margin sustainability and profit 
normalization over the short to medium term? Additionally, can you elaborate on how capital 
allocation, investment tactics, and operating efficiency initiatives are being aligned to support 
growth while strengthening return metrics and keeping the balance sheet strong? 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
Yes, sure. See, our medium-term target is to get to ROE of high teens, let's say in next two 
financial years. And we are on IFRS basis, and we are very much there in that trajectory. So, 
and for that, of course, like Mr. Krishnan mentioned, underwriting, claims, growth in business, 
all those are levers which we are using. But if you see our trajectory of profits and ROE in last 
three years, and all those numbers are available in public domain on IFRS audited accounts, you 
will realize all those things, including maintaining loss ratios and operating leverage and 
economies of scale are helping us to achieve the target of high teens ROE in next two years' 
time. 
Sucrit D. Patil: 
Thank you, and best of luck for the next quarter. 
Vishwanath Mahendra: 
Thank you. 
Krishnan Ramachandran: Thank you very much, everyone. Appreciate the questions and your patient listening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint, as that was the last question, I will hand the conference over 
to Mr. Krishnan for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Krishnan Ramachandran: I already said my thank you. Thank you to everyone for being with us on the call, your questions 
and very patient hearing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
