 
 
UFLEX/SEC/2026/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   February 21, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subject   : Transcript of the earnings conference call conducted on February 16, 2026 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call 
conducted on Monday, February 16, 2026, at 4:00 PM IST. 
 
Request you to take on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For UFLEX LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
(Ritesh Chaudhry) 
Sr. Vice President - Secretarial &  
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/l, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Code :  UFLEX 
The BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationships Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building,  P J Towers,  
Dalal Street,  Fort,   
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code :  500148 
RITESH 
CHAUDHRY
Digitally signed by 
RITESH CHAUDHRY 
Date: 2026.02.21 23:02:22 
+05'30'

 
UFLEX LIMITED 
 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026, 04:00 P.M. IST 
 
Page 1 | 25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. 
SUMEET 
KUMAR 
– 
EXECUTIVE 
VICE 
PRESIDENT, FINANCE, UFLEX GROUP 
MR. SURAJIT PAL – VICE PRESIDENT, HEAD OF  
INVESTOR RELATIONS, UFLEX LIMITED 
 
HOST: 
MR. RONAK OSTWAL – ARIHANT CAPITAL 
MARKETS LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACTIVE Q&A PARTICIPANTS: 
o 
Aman Sonthalia - AK Securities 
o 
Chirag Singhal - First Water Fund 
o 
Kaushik Poddar - KB Capital Markets 
o 
Saket Kapoor - Kapoor & Company 
o 
Krisha - Groww Capital 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 2 | 25 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to UFlex Limited Q3 and 9M FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
                                              I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ronak Ostwal. Thank you, and over to you. 
Ronak Ostwal: 
Thank you. Hello and good afternoon to everyone. On behalf of Arihant Capital 
Markets Limited, I thank you all for joining the Q3 and 9MFY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call of UFlex Limited. Today from the management, we have Mr. Sumeet Kumar, 
Executive Vice President - Finance; and Mr. Surajit Pal, Vice President, Head of 
Investor Relations. So, without any delay, I will hand over the call to Mr. Surajit Pal, 
Vice President, Head of Investor Relations, for his opening remarks. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Surajit Pal: 
Thank you, Ronak. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for Q3 
and 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of UFlex Limited.  
                                             Let me draw your attention to the fact that on this call, our discussion will include 
certain forward-looking statements, which are predictions, projections or other 
estimates about future events. These estimates reflect management's current 
expectations about the future performance of the company. Please note that these 
estimates involve several risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results 
to differ materially from what is expressed or implied. 
                                             I would now request Mr. Sumeet Kumar, Executive VP, Finance, UFlex Group for his 
opening remarks, following which we will open the forum for question-and-answer 
session. Over to you, sir. 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Hello. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you so much for joining UFlex Q3 and 9M FY 
'26 earnings call. I am Sumeet Kumar, Executive Vice President, Finance. In fact, I will 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 3 | 25 
 
take this opportunity for those joining us for the first time to briefly introduce UFlex 
and our business operations, for those who are joining us for the first time. 
                                              UFlex Limited is India's largest multinational flexible packaging and solutions 
company, uniquely integrated across the entire packaging value chain from raw 
materials to finished consumer ready packaging solutions. Our integrated ecosystem 
begins with the production of virgin PET chips and recycled PET chips, which form the 
backbone of our BOPET based films. 
                                             Our packaging film portfolio includes BOPET, BOPP, CPP, recycled PET films and a wide 
range of value-added specialty films, which includes ALOx, specialty films, high barrier 
films, et cetera. These upstream capabilities are complemented by strong 
intermediary products portfolio of high-performance inks, adhesive coatings, 
holography solutions, printing cylinders and engineering equipment, enabling a full 
in-house capability, quality control and operational efficiencies. 
                                             At the downstream end, we provide complete packaging solutions, including flexible 
laminates, pouches, tubes and aseptic liquid packaging cartons. We serve leading 
global brands across FMCG, across food and beverages, pharmaceutical, personal 
care and industrial Sectors. This fully backward integrated model enhances supply 
chain reliability, drives innovation to strengthen sustainability initiatives and 
positions UFlex as a comprehensive one-stop packaging partner globally. 
                                             Now before I come to performance about the quarter, in fact, I would like to highlight 
that this was a challenging quarter in terms of the macro headwinds. There were two 
major macroeconomic events, which were the drivers under which we have done this 
quarter, and nine-month performance. and both coming from domestic as well as 
international. 
                                              So overall, for our international markets, we had the impact of the U.S. tariff-related 
uncertainty as a major driver, impacting the performance, and at the same time, we 
were in the midst of a GST transition, and as GST rationalization had an impact within 
India to a great extent. And despite such a challenging demand environment in 
certain segments, we remain focused on operational discipline, product mix 
improvement, cost optimization and long-term value creation. 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 4 | 25 
 
                                             All of that is reflected in the numbers of the quarter, which are, for the nine months, 
we clocked a revenue of Rs. 114,157 million, which on the corresponding period of 
last year was up 0.8% year-on-year. We had reported EBITDA at a stable level of Rs. 
13,571 million which is more or less in line with last year's EBITDA of nine months for 
the same period. 
                                             We had a normalized EBITDA which was at almost Rs. 13 billion, which was down 9.6% 
year-on-year and margin at 11.4%. We had PBT, which was up 136% to Rs. 1,863 
million, which was supported by lower exceptional impact versus last year. And we 
had a major swing in the PAT at Rs. 1.21 billion versus loss of Rs. 263 million in the 
nine-month period of last year. 
                                             Coming to the performance for the quarter 3, per se, we had revenue at Rs.36, 329 
million versus Rs. 37,775 million, which was 3.8% down on the corresponding quarter 
of last year, and that was largely on account of volume softness because of the factors 
mentioned below and also because of a lot of import-related pricing pressure in the 
market. We had a reported EBITDA, which rose 9.7% at Rs. 4,596 million, and there 
was a margin expansion of 180 basis points quarter-on-quarter at 12.7%. 
                                             During the quarter, we also had foreign exchange and derivative gains of Rs. 201 
million, which were adjusted, resulting in a flat normalized EBITDA for the quarter. 
And hence, the normalized EBITDA was at Rs. 4,395 million, which was up 12.8% on 
a sequential quarter basis and margin overall improved to 12.1%, which was a 200-
basis point expansion quarter-on-quarter. 
                                             We had the profit before exceptional items, which increased 56% quarter-on-quarter 
to Rs. 643 million, and PAT stood at Rs. 361 million, which was up by 34% on a 
sequential quarter basis. and EPS was at Rs. 5.01 per share.  
                                              I would like to touch upon slightly on the aseptic packaging business. Our aseptic 
liquid packaging business delivered steady growth during the period with volumes 
increasing by 2.3% year-on-year to 1.8 billion packs as against 1.76 billion packs in 
corresponding quarter 3 of last year. And for the nine-month period, volumes grew 
4.4% to 5.9 billion packs as against 5.7 billion packs in the 9 months of last year. 
reflecting strong execution and improved product mix.  

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 5 | 25 
 
                                             This reinforces the structural growth potential of the aseptic packaging category as 
we see. And looking ahead, as we know, quarter 4 and quarter 1 are seasonally the 
strongest quarter for aseptic packaging business. So, the current quarter and next 
quarter are expected to witness much better prospects, supported by category 
tailwinds and pre-season loading.  
                                             We expect this momentum to strengthen and anticipate a robust season and summer 
in FY '27. Assuming trade inventory liquidation and inclement weather conditions are 
now largely behind us. We expect our aseptic packaging business to have a total sales 
volume of close to about 8.5 billion packs in the next fiscal, subject to overall F&B 
beverage industry behind. Thank you. 
                                              I would now request if you have any questions, I would love to take that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question comes from the line of Aman Kumar from A 
K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aman Kumar: 
Sir, so far, so good we are doing very well as far as turnover is concerned. Sir, but 
could you please outline the company's road map for debt reduction? And are there 
any specific leverage targets or timeline over the next 1-2 years that the investors 
should be aware of? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes. So, in fact, we see at the current leverage level, we see this trend seems to be 
plateauing at the current level. We must keep in mind at this stage that we are near 
commissioning stage for 3 of our large projects, which includes our 12 billion packs 
expansion of aseptic liquid packaging facilities in Egypt. We are having almost 40,000 
tons recycling plant at the near commissioning stage in India, and we have also woven 
polypropylene bag, which is 80 billion bag production capacity in Mexico. So, we are 
almost at the end of this 3 major project commissioning, and given that we largely 
feel that now on, it will be a leverage, it will be a function of improving EBITDA as a 
result of this project being operational, and significantly, it should reduce the 
leverage overall. We are not looking at this debt level in isolation. We look at the 
impact of the bearing on the leverage. So, with the improving EBITDA and largely this 
capex cycle being at the juncture that we are, we expect this leverage should be more 
or less should peak at the current level. 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 6 | 25 
 
Aman Kumar: 
Sir, you have told that you will freeze the debt level to this level, but again you have 
announced the BOPP project. So, every now and then you are announcing projects 
and keeping the debt level to a very high level. So, whenever there is a downturn in 
the economy all over the world, I think the company will be in deep trouble, if we 
don't look into to control the debt, because in the past Mr. Bhatia used to say that 
the debt will not increase any more, but again we see there is an increase in the next 
quarter. So, I think you have to assure the investor that this is the maximum debt the 
company will have and then how the management will repay this debt over a period 
of time.  
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes. So, in fact, thank you for this point, and in fact, we take this point in the spirit of 
the guidance that the concern about this leverage is something which is very much 
on top of our priority too, and we look at it as an interplay of the debt level, the 
current debt level and the current capex. But at the same time, we see this improving 
more on account of this EBITDA improvement from here.                                              
                                              So, what I can say is that we see this leverage ratio, which is at the current level, more 
or less being at the peak. And so far as no reduction of that, it will be an interplay of 
overall repayment which, in fact, is during the year. And at the same time, EBITDA 
improvement will lead to this leveraging coming more under moderation is what I 
can say. 
Aman Kumar: 
And sir, which key markets are currently performing well for UFlex and where we are 
facing challenges? And what factors are driving the differences in performance across 
geographies? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes, so in fact, as you see that we now have current revenue mix of close to about 
44% coming from within India. We have 56% of the revenue now coming from 
overseas markets. We see that overseas, Egypt and Mexico as the two largest setups 
outside India definitely driving the growth.  
                                             And while most of the market, not just in India, but as you know this tariff-related 
uncertainties have also resulted in our packaging films business, which contributes to 
almost two-thirds of the overall revenues, also being impacted because of the US-
related headwinds and also tariff-related uncertainties, a lot of exports were 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 7 | 25 
 
reoriented to the non-US market. And that meant that to some extent even the 
Europe or Middle East North Africa market, which are the other major markets that 
we operate in, were also impacted by this kind of supply gap mismatch, and that also 
resulted in some kind of pricing pressure on the realization.  
                                             Now the good part is that we see in the current quarter that trend in fact is showing 
some signs of reversal. As we all know that now this tariff-related thing is easing those 
uncertainties which will mean that this will be stabilized going back to the normal 
supply chain operations. That will help us improve our performance in these major 
markets and also definitely in India where we have already seen the prices improving 
and there is a price recovery for BOPET films currently at about 100 ton, likewise we 
have seen marked improvement in the BOPP films.  
                                             During the quarter as we started the quarter, these were the things which were 
actually weighing on the industry as a whole, but we see by the end of the quarter 
and more particularly in the current quarter, those trends being reversed, so we are 
confident that overall we feel that this is will result in the current quarter and on 
more pronounced basis in the next fiscal these things to hold extremely good for us. 
Aman Kumar: 
So, this is the domestic scenario. What about the international scenario as far as 
BOPET and BOPP is concerned? Do you think that the margin will improve like India 
overseas? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes, so in fact I can talk about the way we see the market improving because if you 
talk about this, US market currently has the major imports of BOPP films. So, US itself 
is not a local producer of BOPP and with the increased demand of BOPP it is being 
catered by different markets. We definitely see US market as a major prospect for 
the BOPP films for industry, for us as a whole. Overall, we see that Egypt and largely 
Mexico plant being benefited by this overall demand which is showing a sign of 
improvement. 
Aman Kumar: 
Sir, could you share the expected commissioning and stabilization timeline for aseptic 
packaging plant in Egypt, the recycling plant in Noida and WPP plant in Mexico? 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 8 | 25 
 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes, so largely it seems to be very much on course. I think I can say that between the 
current and the next quarter we should see these three projects being commissioned, 
give and take a few months here and there, but I expect that between now and end 
of the first quarter, we should have all these three projects up and running. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chirag Singhal from First Water Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on ASEPTO. So, what are the target 
volumes for FY'26 and if you could also help me with your targets for FY'27 and FY'28? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
So, in fact, we see that in the current nine months ended December '25, we had total 
of 5.9 billion packs as against 5.7 billion packs in the nine months of last fiscal. Largely 
we see that this year we should be having this total aseptic packaging business to be 
in the range of around 8.5 billion packs, though we expect that this can be slightly 
better, but we are keeping our guidance to about 8.5 billion packs.  
                                              Next year onwards, as we are almost near commissioning stage of the similar capacity 
in Egypt and now with the full impact of the extra 5 billion packs expansion in India, 
and with increased capacity utilization and particularly as I said quarter four and 
quarter one being the peak season, we expect that to translate a better utilization of 
these capacities. So, I can say without putting a number that it should show a 
significant improvement from the current year’s numbers of 8.5 billion packs or 
thereabout. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Is it possible to give a range at least for FY '27? Because you will have India as well as 
Egypt up and running. So, just trying to understand what kind of increase in volumes 
we should expect? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes, so, in fact, we are very, very upbeat about the current quarter, and we feel that 
by the end of this quarter, we would be in a fairly good position to give a proper sense 
of the numbers to expect from fiscal '27. I think that will be an appropriate time 
because we have to first reach a stage of commissioning of the aseptic liquid 
packaging facility in Egypt and once we have that, first year of course will be a ramp 
up and utilization level we have to calibrate as to what extent of course it will be 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 9 | 25 
 
linked to the market demand and everything. But we feel that both the facilities firing 
together and the improved demand should also lead to a much more improved 
number in the next fiscal. At this stage, I'll rather wait for another quarter to give a 
specific number guidance for the next year. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. And this Egypt plant, are you expecting the commissioning to happen in current 
quarter or in Q1? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
I am expecting this between current and next quarter. We are just around the corner 
about commissioning of that plant. I think it may be somewhere within 90 days from 
now, so that can be either end of this quarter or somewhere in the first quarter. I will 
rather put it as over the next 90 days or so. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. Next question is on, specific locations' capacity utilization. So, if I look at 
Mexico, Hungary, Poland, there was a sharp dip in the capacity utilization during the 
quarter. So, what were the key reasons and what should we expect for the coming 
fiscal? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes. So, in the most places, I think this is this is not different from the overall theme 
which impacted the packaging films production volume to some extent. And Europe, 
Poland, Hungary, as you talked about, were also to a great extent impacted by the 
reorientation of the exports and a little bit of supply glut. And that meant that, to 
some extent, these production volumes were curtailed. 
                                             But at the same time, having said that, the trend seems to be reversing many places 
largely as a fallout of things happening in the U.S. Thankfully, that should result into 
restoring of the normal utilization level for these markets as well. But overall, if you 
ask me to answer your question, it was impacted for the same factors that I 
mentioned earlier, of U.S.-related for out also impacting the non-U.S. market verses, 
including EU. 
Chirag Singhal: 
And what are you guiding for like capacity utilization at these 3 locations for the 
coming fiscal? 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 10 | 25 
 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Overall, we see it will be at the level where it was earlier, which is about 80% plus 
kind of capacity utilization which is what we can expect from this. 
Chirag Singhal: 
So, Poland, which is showing at 56.7% in Q3 even that you are saying it should go to 
80% odd in the coming fiscal because the rest are not as low as Poland, but I'm just 
trying to get a confirmation. 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes. So overall, in fact, we are saying that these 3 locations put together looks like 
improved capacity utilization and for Hungary and more particularly for Poland, if I 
request Surajit to pitch in, he had a point to make, I request him in to add. 
Surajit Pal: 
Yes, Chirag, you must be aware that, you know, this is seasonally pretty diminutive 
character in Europe, particularly in Eastern Europe, plus holiday season. So, every 
year similar kinds of things happen, but this time along with this seasonal fallacy we 
also have the impact of this extra supply from the kind of films which we have 
received which was actually destined for US but because of this uncertainty, that has 
actually flooded the European market as well as North Africa and Middle East. That 
is one of the reasons.  
                                             Another reason is that when this kind of opportunity are seen by the market players, 
particularly the warehouse guys or the wholesaler guys, they were also holding less 
because they were expecting price will come down. As a result of it, they were not 
buying very big quantity, they're not giving big commitment. Now once these various 
multiple countries are making deals with US and more or less this uncertainty has 
tapered off, and everybody is getting back to normalization. 
                                             These things we are already observing in the reflection of price realization both in 
India and export market. And that's why Sumeet had suggested that you might be 
seeing much better improved quarter in Q4. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. Got it. Just one last question on the PET resins plants. Both the plants that we 
have. What was the capacity utilization in Q3 and again the same, what are you 
guiding for in FY'27? 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 11 | 25 
 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes, so Egypt plant operated at about 45%-46% capacity utilization in quarter, and for 
nine months about 57.8%. In fact, this was on back of the commissioning of this Egypt 
plant in the quarter four of last year. So, in very first year in nine months of operations 
we have seen a utilization close to about 60% since commissioning last year. And 
India's Panipat plant for PET chips in fact had overall nine-month capacity utilization 
of close to about 79%. For the quarter, again for the same reason, it was slightly less 
compared to previous year at 68%. 
Chirag Singhal: 
And is it fair to assume full capacity utilization in the coming year? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes, for the coming year in fact we'll see, number one, this capacity utilization steadily 
improving. And from a nine-month utilization of 58%-60% we should see Egypt plant 
utilization in the range of close to about 80%. And for Panipat plant we expect this to 
be further improving from the current level of 79% to upward of 85%-90%. 
Surajit Pal: 
To add to what Sumeet's commentary is that we have also technically improved 
ourselves in Panipat more into BG grade chips, so what it means is that even if we 
stay at the similar kind of utilization, our realization will be much better, our margin 
profile will be much better in Panipat. So, we are not focusing on, say 75-80 for initial 
two years is pretty good utilization level. 
                                             So, if you cross 80%, then you are thinking of or 90%, you're thinking of putting up a 
new plant, which is not required actually at this point of time because given the 
government's initial phases of implementing PET chips and recycled PET chips and all 
these things. So, the situation that has tumbled out is that we are focusing more on 
value addition. 
                                             And if government implementation expands more and more across the industry, 
there will be more demand for value-added BG products or bottle-grade chips 
product, where we are focusing more, so going forward you can say that we are 
definitely going to increase our capacity utilization but quality value utilization. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets 
Private Limited. 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 12 | 25 
 
Kaushik Poddar: 
What is the kind of margin you are looking at? Right now, you are at EBITDA margin 
of 12%. What is the kind of margin you are looking at for this quarter as well as for 
the next year? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
So, overall if you see, in fact, we are still not at 12%, we are at 11.5% kind of margin 
for the nine months. We definitely see that margin, while it has shown on a sequential 
quarter basis, it has seen an expansion of 200 basis points over the previous quarter, 
which is currently at for nine months it's about 11.5%. We see it in the range of about 
12% or so for the year as a whole. 
                                             And moving forward, as the product mix improves, as we are able to realize the price 
realization is better for our packaging films and for value-added films, that should 
show a consistent and steady improvement, but as for this fiscal, we expect this to be 
in the range of 12% or so. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Can we expect a better margin next year? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes, that's exactly what in fact we see as unfolding because as a result of, I said that 
improved product mix, we see a more of cost rationalization and also better price 
realization from our overseas and Indian market. All this translating into a better 
EBITDA margin, improving from 12% further upwards. And this is what we can see as 
a trend, as an expectation in the next fiscal of FY'27. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
See another thing, these three plants that are coming into operation this quarter and 
next quarter. I think the projection given was that these three plants will give an 
incremental turnover of Rs. 2,000 crores with a margin for these three plants at 20%. 
Are you sticking to that? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes, so I think just to place it in the right perspective, these three plants once 
commissioned, the numbers which are indicated or what we are discussing is in 
context of the full capacity utilization of these three plants. And as we definitely 
expect and it's not very much expected that this utilization will a ramp up over a 
period of time.  

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 13 | 25 
 
                                             So, say for the next fiscal if we are having a 60%-70% utilization. We can accordingly 
calibrate the numbers, but we expect on a full capacity utilization yes, these numbers 
do hold good and we should get an incremental revenue on account of these three 
projects' contribution of close to about Rs. 2,000 crore - Rs. 2,500 crores with the 
margin which if not at 20%, we can expect a high-teens margin there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and 
Co. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, as you mentioned that there were external factors that led to lower utilization for 
the film segment, especially domestically. So, in terms of the exit of Q4, what should 
the film segment utilization levels be that we may expect or and if as an entity 
including aseptic as well as print packaging everything, where should we land for Q4 
which is seasonally also a better quarter? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes, so when we talk about quarter four, we will have to basically look at it more, I 
would like to give a more nuanced response to that coming from different segments. 
For packaging films to start with as we see this was a quarter of softer demand, this 
was a quarter of pricing pressure. And definitely that all translated into a little bit I'll 
say resilient but not robust performance for the quarter. 
                                              And having said that for quarter four for packaging films as such we expect that now 
the worst, the challenge is behind us and which is very much reflected in the current 
signals that we are getting from the market. As you are aware the prices have firmed 
up, in fact it has held up and now holding up at the level of 110 or thereabouts for 
BOPET and likewise for BOPP. 
                                              And if you see in the quarter performance we also definitely had a marked 
improvement in our flexible packaging business contributing to the overall revenues, 
so, while overall numbers stay one, but at the same time within that if you actually 
analyze a little bit, you will find the packaging business has already started showing 
signs of improvement from the successful GST transition. And we also expect that a 
lot of de-stocking which is over will result into much better prospects for flexible 
packaging business.  

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 14 | 25 
 
                                             For aseptic business as you rightly said the quarter four is definitely and typically one 
of the better quarters. Quarter one being the best and quarter two also is very good. 
So all that for the different segment, I think will look good, look promising for us for 
quarter four overall as the performance. 
                                             And on back of this behind us, we expect these numbers to be much better for quarter 
four as a whole, and definitely as we talked about the three projects on the 
commissioning, I think the full impact of that or at least the substantial impact of that 
will also be seen in the fiscal '27, so, here on in fact I am very confident that we see 
starting quarter four improved trajectory which we will be more particular about 
rather than chasing a number. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. So, you mentioned about prices for the film holding, so can you give some 
color on how the spreads are shaping up for the commoditized film for both BOPET 
as well as BOPP for the month of February or what was the January and February 
trends? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes, so in fact, if you see, it had gone all the way low of almost like Rs. 90 per kg we 
are talking about BOPET films, which with a steady increase and also a part of the 
conscious strategy to some extent, has resulted and the pricing pressure from import 
of those films now subsided as a combination of these things the prices have been 
steady, have held up and now reached the level of close to about 110 on the BOPET 
side. 
                                             Likewise on BOPP, if you see the prices are for the different grades, which is TNT and 
NTT, so, you see the prices of NTT, largely the segment that we operate in, is at prices 
of Rs. 120- Rs. 121 per kg now, which has again improved significantly from the 
previous month. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir RM also moved in that bracket and putting pressure on margins or these are 
all demand led and RM being same the conversion margins are higher? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
So, RM it's actually an interesting aspect that we need to understand that RM was 
also to a great extent also to do to some extent as we gather from China. And as RM 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 15 | 25 
 
was in fact weighed down by a lot of imports from China and because of Chinese 
producers chasing the volume more than  
                                             the price, but we understand off late there has been a conscious shift or at least a 
direction from Chinese government to rather focus more on holding the price and 
not chasing the volume. And with that we expect that off late the trend has been that 
RM prices have been more consistent. And moving on, I think it should be more to 
tracking the RM prices rather than moving in different direction, so largely the prices 
uptrend and all will also be underscored by the same trend being followed in the raw 
material prices. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir last point come again I missed you. 
Sumeet Kumar: 
I was telling that raw material prices in fact have now shown some kind of steady 
trend and to some extent it was also to do with, what we gather from the landscape 
is that there is a direction in China also about focusing not on chasing the volume, not 
on increasing the volume but focusing more on price realization, which has meant 
that there is no undue pressure on the raw material prices which has also reflected 
in the firm prices for the packaging films. 
                                             Largely we feel that this trend, which like tracks the raw material prices, will continue 
and that's where we feel that there will be some kind of steady trajectory for both 
the raw material as well as for the end packaging films prices. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. And now coming to the debt part as the first participant Aman sir had 
mentioned about, the debt being at the higher levels I think so. Just a case in point 
sir what are our current maturities going ahead for the next financial year? I think so 
peak debt, is our net debt is Rs. 8,000 crore, so what is our first-year current 
maturities for the coming ensuing year? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes, so in fact when we talk about the debt profile, this is actually important also to 
understand that number one, it has to be also seen that we see an improvement in 
the debt profile in the sense that cost of funds we see, it may be a little premature 
for me to give specific, but we are working on a plan where we see cost of funds 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 16 | 25 
 
steadily going down. And as we are significantly done with this three projects' capex 
plan. 
                                             So, we feel that a combination of three factors, which is like these three projects' 
major capex cycle being over, number two, the translation or result of this into a 
positive improvement in EBITDA, and number three, the cost of funds is expected to 
come down further based on certain plans that we are working on, we see this debt 
profile and moving forward, it will give a lot more comfort to all of you. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Can you give me the current maturity part? And then sir small point, even with the 
rationalization of cost for the finance cost is going to rise since we will be capitalizing 
projects in the ensuing two quarters. So, the absolute number will go up? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes, but at the same time given the repayment cycle, it  kind of offsets each other. As 
you rightly said the capitalization is done with the capex spent part, so that way the 
debt part will not be showing an increase on that count. At the same time, very rightly 
pointed out by you that it will reflect in that being expensed out which will definitely 
mean slightly higher interest cost per se. But what I was alluding to was the cost of 
funds, so we expect cost of funds to come down based on the plans that we are 
working on. 
Saket Kapoor: 
What is the current blended cost of funds, sir? My last two questions. 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes. So current blended cost of funds will be about 7%, 6.9 to 7% blended cost of 
funds. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And can you give the number for the current maturity for next year? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
It will be close to about Rs. 1,450 crore to Rs. 1,500 crore. The CT LTD, the current 
maturity over next one year. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Krisha from Groww Capital. 
Krisha: 
So, in the last earnings call top-line growth guidance stood at 5% and EBITDA to be in 
the range of Rs. 1,800 crore to Rs. 1,850 crore. So, are we confident of achieving the 
same? Can you provide some guidance range for EBITDA margins? 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 17 | 25 
 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes. So, in fact EBITDA margin I said that for the FY'26 fiscal, we expect it to be within 
the range of 12% translating to an EBITDA which largely should hold the guidance 
given earlier of Rs. 1,800 crore to Rs. 1,850 crore for the year as a whole, so we are 
confident with this improved performance in quarter four which we are expecting 
and we are witnessing to some extent, we feel that that guidance holds good in terms 
of EBITDA expected numbers for FY'26. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question comes from the line of Aman Kumar from AK Securities. 
Aman Kumar: 
Sir, my question is that we are setting up a liquid packaging plant in Egypt. And we 
have already expanded our capacity in India. Since lot of export was happening to the 
market where Egypt will cater. So, do you think that since export market will now be 
taken care of by Egypt plant, so how we will sell from this Indian plant? So, we can 
fully utilize the capacity here? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes. So, largely, if you see, right now, at 8.5; expected 8.5 billion packs of capacity, or 
number of packs for the fiscal, it's largely being catered to by the plant in India, which 
is at Sanand. Of course, you know that 7 billion capacity we expanded by another 5 
billion packs to 12 billion packs here. And given the demand, which is from overseas, 
is largely expected to be catered from the plant in Egypt. 
                                              Why we chose Egypt was also because you'll realize that Egypt generally is a 
destination, is a geography with very stable tariff regime, very stable trade relations 
with most of the major markets including US and EU, so Egypt for us was a strategic 
decision to set up this expansion of facility. 
                                             From there we see that as a gateway catering to many markets which were not to the 
fullest extent being catered to from here. So, we see that these will be very 
complementary to each other rather than being in any kind of conflict in terms of 
market. 
Aman Kumar: 
Sir, because 40% of our production, the capacity when it was 7 billion, the 40% was 
exported. Now our capacity is 12 billion pack, and the export market will be taken 
care by Egypt. So are you confident that we will be able to sell 12 billion pack in India 
only? 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 18 | 25 
 
 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes, so I think this is where to some extent, we are actually relying on two things. 
Number one, we expect an exponential growth in industry segment per se for liquid 
packaging and on top of that in India we are already the market leader and we expect 
to further consolidate that position from number two to the leader. 
                                             That will mean that there is a lot of upside in terms of market demand within India, 
which of course will be catered and that has been the reason for us to strategically 
invest in expansion of the capacity. Had we not been confident of the domestic 
market demand, we would have first added the overseas facility to look more at the 
export market. 
                                             We see this India market and also the larger global market being of great prospect for 
our liquid packaging business and hence both the things of the same capacity looks 
like we are confident of that being leveraged in a position to cater to the increasing 
market share and holding the margins to great extent. And that's what we expect 
from our liquid packaging business on a whole. 
Aman Kumar: 
Sir, what is the reason for dip in the chemical business in this quarter? 
Surajit Pal: 
So overall in fact chemical business, yes, it was it was actually a combination of the 
change in the product mix and also something to do all derivatives and value-added 
products largely reflecting the broader trend in the in the underlying industry 
segment, which were also impacted. But we feel just like other segment this is also 
stabilizing, and we expect a better performance from the chemical segment as well. 
Aman Kumar: 
Sir, one more question that we have invested lot of money in this commodity film 
business whether it is BOPET or BOPP or CPP. So instead of putting money in 
commodity film where it like it requires lot of capex. Why are we not invested in 
value-added film where the capex is quite low, but the margin are quite high? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes. So actually in fact if you see that's exactly what I was meaning by improved 
product mix in the sense that on one hand we have the base layer as the base 
packaging film, but most of the places including Egypt, including Hungary and other 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 19 | 25 
 
places we have also invested and added the capacity of, as I talked about, metallized 
AlOx and ultra-high barrier films and those are now forming an increasing share of 
the overall packaging films segment, because on one hand this does not mean the 
incremental capex of the same proportion and also it helps in terms of the better 
realization. And in most of the evolved markets, in fact, there is a great demand for 
these high-barrier, metallized, value-added specialized films, and that's where these 
segments as things stabilize in US and other places, we expect that investment and 
strategic focus on this high value-added film segment will hold good for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets 
Private Limited. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
We are going to start another year in another 15 days. Do you see any change on the 
EPR front as far as your company is concerned? 
Surajit Pal: 
EPR in fact is very close to our heart. It is a very strategic investment from our side, 
and we feel that this government is also equally committed to this thing, translating 
into what we believe should be something which should be of excellent prospect for 
us. And if you see the general guidelines about the EPR mix for rigid, flexible as well 
as, you know, multi-lateral multi-material flexible plastic, where there were 
guidelines talking about 30% to 10% or 5% of this recycling material, the government 
has only pushed it out to some extent and largely it has meant that what was 
expected to happen by this fiscal is only going to pan out play out in the coming Years. 
                                             There has been a window available for next 3 years to make up for what was not 
implemented now. And that also shows in our view the commitment of the 
government of the highest order. We feel that this will mean that sooner or later as 
more and more manufacturers adopt this, it will help our strategic investment in this 
and should hold good for your company. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
I mean, do you see as a result your margin also coming up? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes, overall, in fact we see as when the actual implementation of this happens, that 
will largely track the increased utilization. And we being one of the best entrenched 
players in the recycling capacity, we will be the early beneficiary and should be able 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 20 | 25 
 
to get the benefit of our significant strategic investment in that as this starts getting 
implemented resulting in the numbers of this renewable mix. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, as you mentioned that the current 
maturities are at peak of Rs. 1,450 crore- Rs. 1,500 crore, sir? Is that number correct 
for the next year? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes, that's over the next year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So we should be, Yes, so for the next year should we expect that debt to decline by 
that number itself or on an absolute number, because net debt to EBITDA would be 
a misnomer with the contribution from the new projects, still we are just 
contemplating and planning for the next year. So, on an absolute number basis will 
this number be reduced, the opening the closing number for December? 
Surajit Pal: 
So, as I said that in isolation looking at the net debt number will not give the right 
perspective in the sense that we see this EBITDA performance for the next fiscal to 
improve making this leverage ratio net debt to EBITDA ratio which in our opinion has 
peaked at the current level to improve. 
                                             Now with the repayment or current portion of the long-term debt or repayment over 
next 12 months of Rs. 1,450 crore- Rs. 1,500 crore and there is a remaining capex of 
close to about 1200 crore, largely it should square off. We don't expect any significant 
addition in the debt, but at the same time improvement in the leverage profile based 
on the improved EBITDA is what I can say, not necessarily reflecting in the reduced 
debt number, but we can see improvement in the leverage ratio. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Is it the 1,200 which you mentioned right now will be spent for the next 
financial year in which project? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
So, some part of this as we talked about these projects which are yet to see the full 
completion and commissioning. Yes, we have about 36 million, we are about close to 
about Rs. 350 crore of capex spent which is remaining post after the quarter 3 for our 
Egypt aseptic plant. 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 21 | 25 
 
                                              We will have for remaining capex of close to about Rs. 110 crore-Rs. 120 crore for the 
recycling plant at Noida. And we will have; the next one will be the BOPP Dharwad 
plant expenditure. So all put together, that is the residual capex which based on the 
current plans for the capex seems to be tinkered to a significant level over the course 
of next 1-year. 
                                             So given the repayment of this and remaining capex requirement of so much, I think 
largely it will kind of offset each other, holding the debt level, I don't say that it will 
come down in the immediate year, but this has to be seen in the context of the 
improved EBITDA and resulting in a leverage ratio being better is what we can expect. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. That point is well taken. Now just to conclude, see we are operating in various 
geographies, so in the net debt numbers if we could provide us in next time in the 
presentation with geography-wise working capital debt as well as long-term debt, so 
that will suffice some understanding of where the debt is currently being held. That 
would give us much more clear picture about the same.  
                                             So that bifurcation would suffice lot of our queries where the debt is held in which 
geography and then we can contemplate about the currency translation and other 
issues also, the risk part there itself. That is different ball game. My request is that if 
one can look forward presentation of debt geography-wise segmentally, so that will 
suffice the issue? 
                                             And then we are operating in all across the globe, sir what kind of systems, IT systems, 
SAP are in place wherein we get real-time position of all the plants that are operating 
across the globe, or do we need to accumulate data post the quarter end and how do 
we reconcile things, sir? 
Surajit Pal: 
Yes, so I think there were two parts to your question. One was related to debt profile 
and you were specifically looking at this split of long-term and working capital and 
also to get some sense of India and overseas. So, in fact probably kind of adding an 
inkling of this and from our side, if you actually see Slide number 24 of the 
presentation shared, there is already a profile, a split given of long-term debt and 
working capital. 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 22 | 25 
 
                                              So long-term debt is about 74% of the total debt and working capital and short-term 
is 26%. Likewise, within the long-term debt, there is a split given of domestic and 
overseas. So domestic at 40% and overseas at about 60%. And largely you will also 
see this also bringing out a very clear pointer that 60% of the overseas business is in 
line with our major growth plans which are from overseas. This debt is aligned to our 
capex investment, major growth plans and that largely is being reflected in the split 
between domestic and overseas business at overseas debt at 40%-60%.  
                                             Coming to the second point which you made about the IT system, ERP 
implementation as a policy, in fact in all locations we follow the uniform ERP Oracle 
that is already implemented across all locations, all entities, so there's nothing like 
quarter end scurry for the numbers and trying to collate those numbers based on a 
parallel Excel kind of MIS, so that is very much part of the ERP implementation which 
has been done across all the entities, across all the geography. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So then, sir, what should investors read into always declaring of results on the 
penultimate day of the statutory requirement? Every quarter, either our results are 
declared on 10, 11 or 12, that is the penultimate day which remains or 14. In fact, 
since we are on the call of UFlex will discuss only the other. In fact, the industry itself, 
the entire concept for the film industry, every results for the film packaging film 
industries are at the fag end, either on 10 to 14 are the numbers, so we will be 
speaking to other companies on their platform, but I would like to know from the 
UFlex team that what remains pending that we need to come up with results only on 
the penultimate day? 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Yes. So, the number one, first of all, let me assure you that this is not because of 
anything pending as such. This is not something to do if it is related to the ERP or 
Oracle system implementation, as I told that is something which is already in place. 
It is not something that results in any holdback or delay in terms of getting the data, 
so we take your point that penultimate day or a day before and all maybe something 
that can be a pointer can be a suggestion for us to look at. 
                                             And having said that, I think about other industry players, I should not be commenting 
on that. But maybe to some extent we being the industry leaders to some extent this 
may also be somewhere closer to these major industry players announcing the 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 23 | 25 
 
results. But I take your point, I think this is a suggestion which is welcome suggestion 
and it is not for any kind of constraint or anything, it is largely something that we can 
talk about. 
                                             I will refrain from talking about other players in this who have more or less as you 
rightly said announced around the same time. So that part I will not comment on, but 
I take your suggestion as a welcome suggestion to see if we can actually push it a bit 
ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir, just look at the bottlenecks and get them get sorted out, so this will help your 
investor community and since we set the benchmark, so the other people will also 
follow suit. That is what my understanding was. And lastly, sir one more request if we 
could also have on our conference call our Vice Chairman CEO Mr. Anantshree to 
spare time with the investing community since there is no representation from the 
promoter. 
                                              Although sir this is not to undermine your or Surajitda or Manoj Pandeyji's 
significance or credibility, but it is just a humble suggestion from minority 
shareholders that there should be some representation in one form or the other 
either on a half-yearly basis or on an annual basis wherein we hear from the promoter 
who are also a partner with us in this entire profile. 
                                              I think so all others are professional people including you, Surajit da and Manoj 
Pandey ji who are conducting and answering us during the course. So that's again a 
humble suggestion if that could be deliberated on the merit of it and look forward.  
Sumeet Kumar: 
Most definitely. I think that is a suggestion which is definitely worth checking home. 
And as you rightly said that, I mean, at the end of the day, in our own humble ways, 
we try our best to do justice to this presentation. But I understand there is a 
difference always in terms of a strategic vision in the road map ahead. Hearing it from 
the promoters does have a different impact, at least in terms of vision. So, this point 
is well taken. We will definitely take it to the promoters to get it. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, only to add to that vision and everything is being informed by them to you, and 
you are deliberating and extending to us. Am I correct on that front, sir? 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 24 | 25 
 
Sumeet Kumar: 
No, that point I will say that is despite with all humility, I'll say that's something which 
basically needs more understanding. It is not something that we hear and we are 
communicating to you. This is actually from the management side with all 
responsibility it is something which is on behalf of UFlex. Whether you hear it from 
Mr. Anantshree Chaturvedi or from us, it will be the same message coming from the 
common goal. But at the same time, hearing it in the strategic vision ahead. Of course, 
there can't be any substitute to the promoters, the founder. That point is well taken. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir, with all humility I made my submission, sir, not to pinpoint on any aspect and 
we are totally satisfied with the way the calls are conducted, presentation are given, 
updates are sent, so no questions on that. But we would definitely want to have our 
promoters’ representation on the calls going ahead. And that’s all from my side. 
Thank you, sir. And all the best to the team for the coming ensuing quarter, sir. 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Thank you. We need your wishes. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I 
would now like to hand the conference over to management for closing remarks. 
Surajit Pal: 
Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time, questions, and continued 
support. The transcript of this call will be made available shortly on our website at 
www.UFlexlimited.com. We value this platform as it enables us to engage 
meaningfully with our investors and stakeholders and look forward to keeping you 
updated on our progress in the coming Quarters. Wish you all those present here. 
Thank you. 
Sumeet Kumar: 
Wonderful experience interacting with you. We welcome your questions, suggestions 
and a lot of insights, and look forward to engaging with you again. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 

 
Q3 and 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL: February 16, 2026                         
 
 
Page 25 | 25 
 
(This document has been edited for readability and may contain transcription errors. While efforts have been 
made to ensure accuracy, the Company assumes no responsibility for any errors. For the exact version, please 
refer to the Earnings Conference Call webcast.) 
Note: This document has been translated from Hindi to English wherever Hindi was used during the call, to 
assist non-Hindi-speaking Readers. For the exact text, please refer to the Earnings Conference Call - Webcast. 
Contact information: 
Mr. Surajit Pal, Vice President, Head of Investor Relations 
Mr. Manoj Pandey, Manager, Investor Relations 
Email: investorrelations@uflexltd.com 
Corporate Address: 
A - 107 - 108, Sector - IV, Noida - 201301 (U.P.), India 
Phone No.: +91 120 4012345 | Fax No.: +91 120 2556040 
Corporate ID: L74899DL1988PLC032166 
