 
 
 
1 | P a g e 
Registered Office:  
Unit 4, Plot No 105, Halol Vadodara Road,  
Village Nurpura, Taluka Halol, 
Panchamahal, Gujarat 389 350 
Tel: 2676- 227600 / 227700 
Corporate Office:  
Polycab India Limited  
CIN: L31300GJ1996PLC114183 
#29, The Ruby, 21st Floor, Senapati Bapat Marg,  
Tulsi Pipe Road, Dadar (West), Mumbai 400 028 
Tel: +91 22 6735 1400 
Email: shares@polycab.com 
Web: www.polycab.com 
Date: January 22, 2026 
 
To 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai, MH - 400001 
To 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
C-1, G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai, MH - 400051  
 
Scrip Code: 542652    Scrip Symbol: POLYCAB  
ISIN: INE455K01017 
 
Dear Sir(s) / Madam(s), 
 
Subject: Submission of Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on January 16, 2026. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on January 16, 2026. 
 
Kindly take the same on your record.  
 
Thanking you  
Yours Faithfully 
 
For Polycab India Limited 
 
 
 
 
____________________ 
Manita Carmen A. Gonsalves 
Vice President Legal and Company Secretary 
Membership No.: A18321 
Address: #29, Ruby, 21st Floor, Senapati Bapat Marg,  
Tulsi Pipe Road, Dadar West, Mumbai – 400028 
 
 
MANITA 
CARMEN 
ALBERT 
GONSALVES
Digitally signed by MANITA CARMEN ALBERT 
GONSALVES 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=400104, 
st=MAHARASHTRA, street=FLAT NO 8BUILDING 
NO 9PIRAMAL NAGAR S V ROADMUMBAIBESIDES 
PATEL PETROL PUMP 400104, l=MUMBAI, 
o=Personal, title=9350, 
serialNumber=e9923616fb581748338360a9dcca
7ddbef53792338962e492591c02f91606f5f, 
pseudonym=06cc99809d91787cadb069ca8ac6e
070, 
2.5.4.20=d6b37cc9b008ba4c44a5e26aead891e74
cc85aea24a8e6ad4562fa78a0802a6d, 
email=MANITA.GONSALVES@POLYCAB.COM, 
cn=MANITA CARMEN ALBERT GONSALVES 
Date: 2026.01.22 19:17:12 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Polycab India Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 16, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NIYANT MARU– CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
POLYCAB INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. SHASHANK YAGNICK – HEAD STRATEGY – 
POLYCAB INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. CHIRAYU UPADHYAYA – HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – POLYCAB INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to the Polycab India Limited Q3 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Niyant Maru, Chief Financial Officer, Polycab India 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Niyant Maru: 
Thank you.  
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope all of you are staying 
healthy and safe. I am Niyant Maru, CFO, at Polycab India Limited. On today's call, we will be 
discussing the Q3 FY26 results, which were approved by the Board of Directors earlier today. 
We will be referring to the earnings presentation, financial results and financial statements, all 
of which are available on the stock exchanges and on the Investor Relations section of our 
website. 
 
Joining me today from the management team are Shashank Yagnick, Head Strategy; Chirayu 
Upadhyaya, Head Investor Relations.  
Before we get into quarterly performance, I would like to share a very important update 
announced at the Board meeting today. 
 
It gives me immense pleasure to inform you that the Board of Directors at its meeting held today 
has approved the redesignation of Mr. Bharat Jaisinghani and Mr. Nikhil Jaisinghani from 
Executive Directors to Joint Managing Directors of the company with immediate effect, subject 
to approval of the shareholders. 
 
Over the years, Bharat and Nikhil have played an integral role in shaping the Company's growth 
trajectory, strengthening the market leadership and building a strong foundation for a long-term 
value creation. Their deep understanding of the business, strategic clarity, and hands-on 
leadership have been key contributors to the Company's success. I'm confident that, in their 
enhanced roles as Joint Managing Directors, they will continue to provide strong leadership and 
guidance, and work closely with the Board and the management team to steer the Company 
towards sustained growth and newer milestones in the years ahead. 
 
With that, let me now take you through an update on the macro environment.  
The year 2025 marked a pivotal phase for the global economy defined by shifting trade dynamics 
and heightened geopolitical and tariff related uncertainties. Elevated U.S. tariffs disrupted the 
established supply chain and moderated global growth, even as labour market remains resilient 
and inflationary pressure eased across the major economies. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
Against this backdrop, the global economy is expected to grow at around 3.2% in 2025, 
reflecting a period of stabilization amid persistent trade tensions. Overall, the global 
environment in 2025 has been characterized by steady but uneven growth, improving inflation 
dynamics and cautious monetary easing across regions. 
 
India continues to stand out as a clear outperformer in this global landscape, demonstrating 
remarkable resilience and adaptability. With Q2 FY26 GDP growth at 8.2%, India continues to 
be the fastest-growing major economy, underscoring the strength of its internal growth engines. 
In November 2025, India overtook Japan to emerge as the fourth largest economy globally, 
reaching a GDP of USD 4.19 trillion.  
 
Domestic consumption has witnessed a notable revival following last year's direct and indirect 
tax. Credit growth has strengthened meaningfully, with total credit uptake reaching INR11 
trillion in November '25 compared to INR9.5 trillion last year. 2-wheeler sales also increased by 
18.1% YoY over the September- November period, while passenger vehicle sales rose by 7.3% 
during the same time frame, reflecting improving confidence among consumers and businesses 
alike. 
 
Encouragingly, this recovery has occurred alongside a continued moderation in inflation. 
Headline inflation has trended lower, led by easing food prices, while lower global energy prices 
have provided additional relief. Despite currency depreciation during the fiscal year, the pass-
through to inflation has remained limited. Core inflation across both goods and services has 
stayed relatively benign. 
 
In this favourable macro backdrop, the RBI delivered a 25 basis point policy rate cut, revising 
its growth forecast upwards to 7.3% for the year and lowering inflation projection to 2%. For 
the next fiscal year, first half inflation expectation has been revised downwards to 4% compared 
to 4.5% earlier. The rare combination of strong growth and softer inflation enabled the Monetary 
Policy Committee to proceed with the rate cut, taking cumulative easing to 125 basis points 
during the calendar year.  
Investment activity has also gathered momentum. Rising capacity utilization, strong investment 
announcements, and improving credit offtake points to a broad-based recovery in economic 
activity and increasing job creation. 
 
The real estate sector remains healthy with launches and sales across the top 7 cities closely 
tracking the previous decade high. The affordable housing segment is also witnessing renewed 
momentum supported by lower borrowing costs and rising household incomes. At the same time, 
government capital expenditure has accelerated meaningfully with approximately 59% of the 
FY26 capex outlay already utilized by November 2025, a 28% YoY increase. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
Overall, we are witnessing signs of recovery in consumption and this improving demand 
environment is expected to translate into a revival in private capex, complemented by sustained 
public investment, providing strong confidence in India's growth outlook. 
 
I would now hand over to Shashank to take you through the financial performance for the quarter 
and the year. 
Shashank Yagnick: 
Thank you, Niyant.  
Let me now take you through Slide 4 of the earnings presentation.  
For the quarter ended 31st December 2025, we are pleased to report that our Company delivered 
46% YoY growth in consolidated revenues, driven by strong execution in the Wires and Cables 
(W&C) segment and healthy growth in the Fast Moving Electrical Goods (FMEG) business.  
EBITDA for the quarter grew by 34% YoY with EBITDA margins at 12.7%. Excluding the one-
off impact of ~₹ 219 million on account of gratuity provisioning due to the implementation of 
the new labour code, the EBITDA margins would have been ~13%. 
 
At the PAT level, the Company delivered its highest ever Q3 PAT at ₹ 6.3 billion, reflecting 
36% YoY growth. PAT margins stood at 8.3% for the quarter.  
Finance costs came in at ₹ 687 million, while other income stood at ₹ 505 million. A detailed 
breakdown of these line items is available on Slide 17 of the presentation.  
We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet, closing the quarter with a net cash position of ₹ 
30.3 billion. On working capital front, same as last quarter, inventory days continue to be higher 
as we built up inventory in anticipation of strong demand in Q4 FY26. And correspondingly, 
given the use of letters of credit for raw material procurement, payable days were also higher, 
resulting in the working capital cycle to be at 27 days at the end of Q3 FY26. We expect this to 
normalize to our long-term steady range of 50 to 55 days in the coming quarters. 
 
Capital expenditure for the quarter was ₹ 3.4 billion, taking the 9M FY26 total to ₹ 10.9 billion, 
in-line with our Project Spring guidance of investing ₹ 12 billion to ₹ 16 billion annually through 
FY30. 
 
On a 9-month basis, I'm proud to share that 9M FY26 revenues, EBITDA and PAT are the 
highest ever in the company's history for any 9-month period. Revenues grew 30% YoY, 
crossing ₹200 billion milestone. EBITDA grew 47% YoY, with margins strong at 14.2%. PAT 
grew 47% YoY, with PAT margins of 9.6%. 
 
 
 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
We now move to Slide 6.  
The W&C business delivered very strong performance, recording 53% YoY revenue growth 
during the quarter. This growth was led by domestic W&C business, which posted an 
exceptional 59% YoY growth, supported by robust demand conditions and sustained commodity 
price inflation. In volume, the domestic W&C business recorded nearly 40% growth, reflecting 
healthy underlying demand. 
 
This strong performance underscores a further strengthening of our market position with 
continued market share gains in the domestic market during the quarter. Execution excellence 
under Project Spring remains a key enabler driving superior market execution, improved 
relationships with our channel partners and consistent outperformance. 
 
During the quarter, wires growth outperformed cables, driven by pre-stocking by channel 
partners amid elevated copper prices. Within the cable segment, institutional sales growth 
outpaced the channel sales, reflecting strong traction in project-led demand.  
 
Looking at the broader environment, demand remains robust across key sectors. Government 
capex surged nearly 28.2% YoY in the first 8 months of FY26 reaching ₹ 6.6 trillion versus ₹ 
5.1 trillion last year, also 12.4% higher than in the 8-month period in FY24. Additionally, the 
government of India released a loan of ₹ 1.25 trillion to states for capital expenditure during the 
same period. 
 
The private capex cycle in India is showing signs of recovery aided by the monetary policy 
support and the stimulative impact of CST rate cuts on consumption, laying the foundation for 
sustained investment growth. The real estate market remains strong, following last year's record 
sales and launches, a trend that should continue to support wires demand in the coming years. 
 
Our international business maintained its steady momentum, recording a 5% YoY growth during 
the quarter, despite a high base and contributing 6% to the consolidated revenues. Backed by a 
healthy order book, we remain confident that this growth trajectory will continue in the coming 
quarters. 
 
Segment profitability was impacted during the quarter due to multiple factors, primarily on 
account of continued commodity price inflation and depreciation of the Indian rupee. Between 
September 2025 and December 2025, copper and aluminium prices, in rupee terms, increased 
sequentially by approximately 21% and 11%, respectively, which represents an unusually sharp 
escalation over a short period of time.  
 
In order to avoid demand disruption, arising from elevated input costs, the Company took a 
strategic decision to pass on the increase in raw material prices in a staggered manner. While 
this approach resulted in near-term margin pressure at the Company level, it enables us to protect 
volumes, gain market share and further strengthen relationships with our channel partners. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
Moving on to Slide 8 for an update on the FMEG business.  
The FMEG segment sustained its impressive growth momentum, delivering a 17% YoY increase 
in Q3 FY26, and consistently outperforming the industry in-line with our Project Spring growth 
aspirations.  
Within the segment, the solar business has been a standout performer, growing more than 2x 
compared to the same quarter last year, driven by strong uptake under the central and state 
rooftop solar incentive scheme. With favourable support and strong demand visibility, we expect 
this momentum to continue in the coming quarters. Other product categories delivered steady, 
in line performance, reinforcing the segment's balanced and resilient portfolio. 
 
Importantly, the FMEG segment remained profitable for the fourth consecutive quarter, even 
while strategically ramping up our A&P investments to strengthen brand presence and drive 
long-term growth. As we continue to scale, we expect profitability to expand further, reflecting 
the leverage in our business model. 
 
Looking ahead, we are confident in the long-term potential of the FMEG segment and remain 
on track to achieve our Project Spring targets of 1.5x - 2x industry growth and EBITDA margins 
in the range of 8% to 10% by FY30, positioning the business for sustained growth and value 
creation. 
 
Moving on to Slide 10, which provides an update on our EPC business.  
During Q3 FY26, EPC revenues grew by 4% YoY, reaching ₹ 4,069 million. This quarter, we 
commenced execution of our existing orders under BharatNet scheme, which is expected to 
generate ₹ 4.5 billion over the next 3 years for project execution and an additional ₹ 3.5 billion 
for 10 years for project O&M.  
Segment profitability stood at ₹ 272 million, translating to a margin of 6.7%. Looking ahead, 
the annual sustainable operating margin is expected to remain in the high single digits over mid- 
to long term.  
That was the update for the quarter. Thank you, and we are now open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Sonali Salgaonkar from Jefferies. 
Please go ahead.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Congratulations on a strong revenue growth. I have 3 questions. First, a strong revenue growth 
in the C&W segment, would it be able to quantify what is a volume growth for this quarter YoY? 
Shashank Yagnick: 
For both domestic cables and wires, our volume growth is about 40%. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Right. And any more detail you would like to share as to which end-user industries contributed 
higher, because 40% is very significantly higher? 
Shashank Yagnick: 
We have witnessed sustained momentum in both government and private capex. The real estate 
sector, particularly in the top 7 cities, has seen healthy level of launches and sales, closely 
tracking with previous decadal highs. We are also seeing a recovery in affordable housing 
segment. Additionally, due to the commodity price inflation, there has been some channel 
stocking happening for wires, which has also contributed to the higher surge in top-line. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sir, my second question is on the EBITDA margin. We understand the reasons that you have 
outlined in your presentation as to why the QoQ drop was there in the EBITDA margins. So, 
two-three follow-up questions: firstly, such high volume growth would intensively result in good 
operating leverage, right? So that is one. Secondly, I think you did take a price hike of about 6% 
YoY. So, could you help us understand what exactly led to this fall of EBITDA margin both 
YoY and Q-o-Q? 
Shashank Yagnick: 
There are multiple factors at play. The primary reason has been the sharp rise in commodity 
prices. From January 2025 till January 2026, the copper, in rupee terms, has risen almost 50% 
and aluminium almost 25%. And in this quarter itself, the 22% inflation has happened in copper 
price compared to previous quarter. 
 
We had taken a conscious call to pass it on in a staggered manner. While we have been revising 
prices, the full impact of the input cost increase has not yet been passed on. As a result, there is 
typically a time lag in recovering the higher input costs, which has impacted margins in the near 
term. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, Sonali, as Shashank mentioned, when the copper prices rises so high, you have to take a 
conscious call of how you want to pass on. Because if you look at this specific financial year, 
from April till December, the copper prices have risen by 35%, and this is including the rupee 
depreciation. And similarly, if you look at aluminium, aluminium has risen by 27%. 
 
Out of the 35% of copper rise, 21% which happened within this quarter itself, and 11% of that 
has happened in December itself, right? So, we have consistently passed on that cost price 
inflation to the end customers month-on-month, but we have taken a conscious call that such 
high 35% passing of inflation can't be done every month and hence, we will do it in a bit of a 
staggered manner. So, we've been doing it. We've taken a bit of a price hike at the end of the 
quarter, we have again taken a bit of a price hike towards the beginning of this quarter as well. 
But still, we haven't passed on the complete price hike or the commodity pricing inflation. 
Hence, if you look at the financial statements, you realize that most of the decline in the EBITDA 
margins have been at the gross margin level. 
 
You are correct in mentioning that such high top-line growth will result into operating leverage, 
which is very much visible, if you look at everything below the gross margins. So, we have 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
realized a lot of improvement as far as our operating leverage and everything is concerned. But 
yes, this is a conscious call what we have taken.  
What you also need to appreciate is what we were able to achieve through this staggered passing 
- see, if you look at our performance in this year, our W&C segment has grown 35% YoY and 
that too on a base where we are operating at 2x of the second largest player. The staggered 
passing on of copper prices to our end customers have also resulted in the improvement of 
loyalty of those customers with us because they don’t  have to take the brunt of reduced demand, 
neither of lower margin. 
 
We'll definitely be passing on whatever commodity inflation will be coming off, gradually, but 
this is something that we have taken a strategic call. Since you've been following this sector for 
many years, you will recall that even in FY22, similar commodity price inflations were there, 
where copper had gone up by 40%, whereas aluminium has gone up by almost 25%-27%. 
 
Even at that point of time, Polycab’s margins had taken a hit for a quarter or two, but then we 
had gradually recovered back those margins. So, we believe that something similar should play 
out. There can be margin impact for a quarter or two. But if you take a more longer-term view, 
we should be able to recover some of our margins back. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
May I just ask what is the quantum of price hikes that we have taken at the start of this quarter - 
you mentioned before? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
The total price hikes that we would have taken within this quarter will be almost 75% to 80% of 
whatever commodity inflation was there. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Understand. Got it. And just one last question on the exports. While there has not been a de-
growth, but how do you foresee the exports to shape up in the coming quarters? That’s it from 
my side. Thank you.  
Shashank Yagnick: 
So Sonali, on exports, the majority of the revenue that we have accrued during this quarter has 
come from geographies other than U.S. As and when orders from U.S. comes in, they will further 
add to the revenues. We have, in fact, seen strong performance in regions such as Middle East, 
Latin America. Overall, all geographies are contributing meaningfully, and we have a healthy 
order book, which is expected to translate into revenues for the segment in the coming quarters. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Any reason why the U.S. is weak this quarter? Is it tariff related? 
Shashank Yagnick: 
Yes, it is tariff related. This remains a global overhang and is impacting players worldwide, not 
just in India. We are currently awaiting a final resolution on this matter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay Gattani from UBS. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Akshay Gattani: 
Congrats on the strong set of numbers. So, you highlighted 40% domestic volume growth. In 
your sense, what would have been industry growth and where is your market share trending 
now? Any qualitative colour will also be helpful. 
Shashank Yagnick: 
It's very difficult to provide market share perspective at this stage, given that we are the first one 
in the industry to announce our results and others are yet to report. Once the remaining larger 
players publish their numbers, we will have a better visibility in terms of exact market share 
gains. In terms of  performance, we've seen very strong volume growth as well as value growth. 
However, it would be premature to currently comment on the market share until the other 
companies come out with their results. 
Akshay Gattani: 
Got it. And second question, sir, like you highlighted, strategically, you have not passed through 
all commodity inflation to protect the demand. Do you think if the way copper and aluminium 
are moving up, if this continues, there could be some demand curtailment, some temporary 
demand postponement? 
Shashank Yagnick: 
It's very difficult to comment on the commodity prices. However, from demand perspective, we 
are very confident that the growth momentum will continue. We are seeing healthy traction 
across government and private capex as well as the real estate sector, with significant 
investments flowing into power utilities and infrastructure. From that perspective, we do not see 
demand as challenge for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Puneet Gulati from HSBC. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Can you also give some sense of breakup between what is the difference in the performance 
within Wires and Cables separately? 
Shashank Yagnick: 
Typically, our mix of cable and wires is in the ratio of 70-30. However, in this particular quarter, 
we've seen wires growth outpace cables growth, leading to a marginal increase in wires share by 
a few percentage points. Additionally, in the value terms, the growth in wires would be higher, 
largely due to significant increase in copper prices. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood. And in terms of price hike, can you also divide between how much price hike you 
took in the previous quarter? What did you do in the current quarter starting January? And how 
much do you still need to take to make up for the commodity inflation? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, Puneet, as I mentioned to Sonali, we've passed on almost 75% to 80% of the commodity 
inflation, which was there during the quarter already within the quarter. The remaining will 
happen during this quarter. 
Puneet Gulati: 
The January hike, which you said that you've already taken or yet to take? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
We've taken partially and we will further pass on further increase in prices gradually. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Puneet Gulati: 
That's helpful. And secondly, if you can also give some colour on what you see on your 
distributor side. How much of this demand would be just restocking and how much would be in 
consumer driven? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, Puneet, see, as Shashank had mentioned, we largely see restocking happening mostly on 
wires rather than cables. Generally, when our distributors stock inventory, they maintain roughly 
30 days worth of inventory. At the end of the previous quarter or beginning of this quarter, the 
channel inventory was in the range of around 40 to 45 days. So around 10, 15 days of additional 
inventory was there.  
But of course, the demand is pretty strong. Even till date in this quarter, we are seeing very good 
sales happening, and there is definitely very good secondary and tertiary sales which are also 
happening. So, the demand hence is very strong.  
If you recall in the last 3 to 4 quarters, every quarter, we've seen similar pre-stocking happening 
because commodity prices have been continuously going up. Even then every successive quarter, 
we see improvement in terms of growth rate. So that means the fundamental demand itself is so 
strong. 
 
So, I don't think there's any reason to worry. Anyways we are coming into Q4 where executions 
are at its peak and everybody would want to achieve the yearly targets, be it government or be 
it private side. So Q4 should be another good quarter for us, and we are quite optimistic on that. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Excellent. Just lastly, if you can also give some sense of how does your capacity utilization stack 
up currently? 
Shashank Yagnick: 
So, our capacity utilization in the quarter was in the early 80% range. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from PL Capital. 
Praveen Sahay: 
My first question is related to the institutional sales, as you had highlighted, this time the 
institutional sales has outperformed the distributor sales. So, can you quantify in that in terms of 
percentage? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Praveen, generally, our mix of distribution versus institutional sales is around 90:10. But this 
time around institutional sales had grown faster than distribution sales, hence, it would have 
improved by about a couple of hundred basis points. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. And also, as you highlighted about this institutional sales, there is the capex led private 
or government and the real estate, both has done well. So also, if you can give some more colour 
on that how is the real estate contribution for the wire, which has also outperformed? 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Shashank Yagnick: 
I think if I got your question correctly, you're asking about the real estate market. So see, we've 
studied some data where at least in top 8 cities, both the number of launches and volume of sales 
has been quite robust in 2024, and the same momentum is continuing in 2025. We expect the 
same growth momentum to continue in the coming quarters as well, so the demand does not 
appear to be a concern. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
To add to Shashank's point, we have been talking since a couple of quarters now that while we 
have seen majority of the positive demand on the premium side, recent data also suggests that 
there is a pickup happening even on the affordable side. So that is something where we have 
been targeting to improve our market share since last 2 to 3 years. You are aware that we had 
introduced the Etira brand, which was to compete with the unorganized players in Tier 3 to 5 
cities. And we have seen very good growth happening in Tier 3 to 5 cities through our launches. 
Over and above that as well, even in Tier 1, Tier 2 cities, our focus has been more on Class 2 
wires, wherein we are definitely seeing a lot of market share gains for us. So, both of them are 
working, even the industry growth is picking up pace, and we are also seeing a lot of market 
share gains because of initiatives that we are taking with these projects. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So just lastly, if you can you give us some colour on the volume growth for the W&C out of 
40% of volume growth in overall, how much is wire, how is cable? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, Praveen, let me give a very clear distinction between top-line growth as well as volume 
growth. For us in the domestic business, the volume growth has been around 40%. Both cables 
and wires have grown at pretty much similar pace in terms of volume. In case of revenue, as 
Shashank had mentioned, since wires are copper-based and copper has seen more inflation, for 
us, wires growth at a revenue level was 70%, whereas for cables, the growth was around 50%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Avendus Spark. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. I have only one question. This is regarding the cable 
segment. If you can call out the top 3 or 4, 5 sectors which are driving the sales growth. I think 
power T&D would be one of the sizable sectors, which would be driving the growth. What 
would be the approximate contribution of that? And yes, so all these segments, how they are 
growing, which is growing faster, which is growing relatively slower, if you can give a broad 
context. 
Shashank Yagnick: 
See, major consumption, if you go to product category level in cables, happens in power cables, 
control cables, which largely goes to power infrastructure and utility infrastructure. That's the 
primary demand sector. And followed by that, there is strong growth that we are seeing in 
industry segment also. And if you look at key verticals, manufacturing, utility, government, all 
of them have picked up a good amount of demand. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
And the contribution of Power T&D in the overall cable demand, how much will it be? Any 
sense on that? 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Shashank Yagnick: 
Almost 30% for us. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
30% Okay. And the second largest segment would be up after that? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, Ravi, your normal power cables, which are the LV/MV, they go across different sectors, be 
it power, utilities or your normal institutional infra everywhere your power cables are used. So, 
they will be the maximum in terms of the salience within the industry. At an industry level, 
around 40% to 45% of the cables sold will be low voltage and medium voltage cables. 
 
Then that will be followed by control cables and what we call flexible cables. Now both of these 
are used in a separate set of industries. Flexible cables are something which we use in our day-
to-day life, for example, cables, which are for your laptop for the TV, AC refrigerators. Those 
are called flexibles. They are which are the third largest. 
 
Then you have control cables where you need to have a signal pass on where you can control 
the outcome kind of cables. So, these are used across different sectors. Control cables at an 
industry level, the salience will be somewhere around 15% to 20%, whereas flexible cables, the 
salience will be between 10% to 15%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pulkit Patni from Goldman Sachs. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Just a couple. Firstly, you mentioned that copper price increase has been unprecedented and 
which is why you took the active call of passing it on in a deferred way. Is it also true that 
customer in that case would have had significant sort of restocking which means probably what 
typically plays out for a few days could have played out for maybe a couple of fortnight, i.e., in 
case copper prices don't move much, our Q4 numbers may be slightly negatively impacted 
because of this massive destocking? Is that a fair assumption? 
Shashank Yagnick: 
So, as Chirayu mentioned earlier, the restocking has been largely in case of wires. Typically, 
cables, do not see any significant stocking, and we continue to see an uptick in the real estate 
segment as well. Historically, similar event has also occurred in FY22, where we saw that after 
one or two quarters, subsequent quarters continued to show growth momentum. So, we don't 
believe that there's going to be anything different this time. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Okay. So, it's not that there's unusual stocking that has happened despite copper price increase. 
That's how I should read that answer. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Yes, Pulkit. As I mentioned, there is a bit of an elevated inventory as far as wires is concerned. 
But since the demand itself is pretty strong, we are quite confident that there won't be any 
slowdown in terms of momentum in Q4. Even in case of cables, as I mentioned, Q4 is generally 
the peak when you see the demand for cables and from across different industries. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 
And hence, we are quite sure of absorption through whatever new demand is coming in. 
Commodity prices are obviously something which we can't control. And we wouldn't know how 
it will play out in Q4. To the best of our ability, we'll try and pass on whatever price hikes we 
can to the end customers in such a way that the demand is not impacted. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Okay. Secondly, on your ad spend, which is considerably higher and almost 3x of what your 
quarterly ad spends are, is this the new run rate? Is there some new thought process in terms of 
gaining market share? How should we look at this from an outer-year perspective? 
Shashank Yagnick: 
See, you need to appreciate that this is the time of the year when festive activity is higher, 
particularly in second half of the year. During this period, we make a conscious call to step up 
our investments in brand building, including associations with a few celebrities. So this is a 
strategic call. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Pulkit, as far as run rate is concerned, see, we've given a guidance that we want to spend around 
3% to 5% of B2C top-line every year on A&P. Even with this increased spend of this quarter, 
we are hardly at around 1.5%, currently. So, every year going ahead, we can definitely see an 
improvement or increase in our investments towards A&P. 
 
But it will be difficult to say that this will be every year or every quarter run rate because first 
half of this year, we didn't spend materially on A&P. This quarter, we did spend. Q4 is again a 
quarter where you start doing more A&P because you are in pre-summer season and you want 
to do more spends for your fans sales. 
 
So, there are those quarterly variations which happen. Second half of the year is always heavier 
as far as investments on A&P is concerned. But on a yearly level, going ahead, as we've been 
guiding, we want to take A&P spends up to 3% to 5% of B2C top-line, and that is something 
that we'll plan to do gradually. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance 
Company Limited. Please go ahead.  
Keyur Pandya: 
First question is on the profitability side. Just want to understand, so Q-on-Q, generally Q4 is 
bigger than Q3, saying that backdrop, should sequentially margin be better than Q3 since we 
will have better operating leverage? 
Shashank Yagnick: 
Yes. I mean it should definitely get better. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
In Q4, as far as the gross margin level is concerned, as I initially mentioned, to the best of our 
ability, we will try and pass on the price hikes, whatever are required to be done to the end 
customers. We are not sure whether copper prices will continue to move up or go down. 
Whatever it might be the mix we will try and pass on whatever it is to the end customer as much 
as possible. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Keyur Pandya: 
Understood. And just one more follow-up on the profitability side. So generally, we have 
maintained profitability margin in a particular range of 12% to 14% for cables and wires. And 
just to reaffirm, our profitability is linked to percentage margins, right, and not some specific 
rupees per tonnage, something like that. So, copper inflation in general helps in maintaining 
those percentage margins. 
Shashank Yagnick: 
Yes, your understanding is correct. And if I had to add to that, to refer to our Project Spring 
guidance, we've given a long-term guidance of 11% to 13%. But in the near term, yes, what you 
mentioned is correct. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Understood. But basically, it is a percentage margin that is internalized. And not rupees per ton 
kind of metrics. 
Shashank Yagnick: 
Yes. It's not rupees per ton. It's percentage annualized. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Jain from Macquarie India. 
Ashish Jain: 
Sir, my first question is on, again, cable and wire margins. So, one is the one-off employee cost. 
Is it booked in any specific segment or where is it in the segmental results? 
Shashank Yagnick: 
No, it's not in a specific segment. It's across. 
Ashish Jain: 
Okay. And this is one-off, right? This is not recurring from next quarter onwards because this is 
a onetime for retirals or -- and secondly, like in the presentation, we have listed 300 bps impact 
on margins due to unfavourable product mix and all. So that is largely higher institutional sales 
or -- because exports was anyways not doing that well for us. So, is it largely the higher 
institutional sales or there's something else also within that to drive such a margin here? 
Shashank Yagnick: 
We've already explained this, but I'll briefly summarize. There are three to four key factors at 
play. First, due to copper price inflation, we've delayed or staggered our pass-through of rising 
prices to our customers. Second, there has been an unfavourable business mix change wherein 
institutional business has grown faster than channel business in this quarter. Third, our 
contribution from export has also marginally declined. So, all three factors coming together has 
resulted in some bit of drop in margins. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Ashish, if you recall, in last year Q3, the contribution of exports to the Company's top line was 
at about 8.3%, whereas in this quarter, it is at about 6%. So that contribution has gone down. 
While obviously, you are correct in mentioning that exports for us has been relatively soft, but 
even within quarter-on-quarter comparison, the contribution has gone down. So that was one 
point. The other 2 points were as Shashank mentioned. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Securities. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Umang Mehta: 
I have two questions which are linked to each other. First one was in terms of cables, this 
acceleration from, say, 20% plus volumes to 40% now, which segments, I mean, from the data 
that you see, which segments have seen the most kind of uptick versus last quarter? 
 
And the second one was given that 80% of your sales are through distributors, it would mean 
that even a large portion of your cable sales are through distributors. Wouldn't they logically 
tend to upstock cables also when they see aluminium and copper kind of go up just like wires 
stocking happens? Those were the two questions. 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So Umang, as far as cable sales to distributors are concerned, distributors are kind of servicing 
institutional demand, right? So, depending on when the project requires a specific cable 
shipment, that is to the extent that the distributor would stock up on that product. Compared to 
wires, cables are significantly bulkier, so to store them over a certain extent, even the distributors 
wouldn’t be able to do so. Plus, cables, even in terms of average pricing, cables are very 
expensive compared to wires. All those distributors would have a limit to the extent that capital 
is available to them. And if they lock it up in something which is cables and which might not 
have a demand from an institutional project right away, then they might lose out on investing in 
products like wires or even in FMEG where there might have better demand. 
 
So generally, even though cables are through distributors, we don't see distributors stocking up 
cables. To a small extent, it might be possible, but largely, this is a wires phenomenon, not cables 
phenomenon. Sorry, your first question was on cables. I couldn't get that. Can you repeat please? 
Umang Mehta: 
Yes. The question was that this acceleration from 20 plus to 30, which segments have seen the 
highest uptick versus last quarter? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, you are aware that since we are not directly supplying to the end customers, we don't have a 
full visibility on which sectors are generating what kind of demand. We get to know to the extent 
that our distributors will give us visibility to or to the extent that we generate that demand from 
the end customers for our distributors. 
 
So, it will be very difficult for me to guide you that in specific this quarter, what will be the 
segment which will be driving what percentage of demand for the cables. But maybe on a yearly 
basis after the Q4 call, during the Q4 call, we will be able to give you much clearer or maybe a 
bit better guidance on the sectors that are generating what kind of demand. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from Nuvama Wealth Management Limited. 
Achal Lohade: 
Two questions. First, on the growth. If I understand right, essentially, the copper aluminium 
price will be up 40%, 50% on a Y-o-Y basis. If we assume the same price continues for next 2, 
3 quarters, right? So do you see any impact on the demand given the budgets will take a hit in 
that case or the customer will have to rework on in terms of their requirements? Is there any case 
for such risk? 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Shashank Yagnick: 
So, I think as mentioned earlier, we have zero control over commodity prices and therefore it is 
difficult to comment. There continues to be some uncertainty around price movement, which is 
beyond one’s control. However, from a demand perspective, visibility in the coming quarter and 
the quarter thereafter remains strong, and we continue to see healthy momentum. So, we don't 
see any difficulty with respect to demand. Does that answer your question? 
Achal Lohade: 
Yes. So essentially, you're saying you're not seeing any impact of such a steep increase in the 
commodity price on the demand as such for next 2 quarters? 
Shashank Yagnick: 
Yes, absolutely not. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. The second question I had was with respect to the margins. So, if I see the inventory is 
what we carry, we do carry substantial inventories like even for the current quarter closing, we 
are talking about close to ₹ 6,000 crores worth of inventory, right, raw material plus finished 
goods. So, in a rising price scenario, wouldn't that benefit actually initially before it's really, I 
mean, if you could explain to the inventory cycle as to how it plays out, how much typically we 
hold, how much and how it gets sold out eventually? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So Achal, you are aware that for us, we hedge our inventory. So ,our pricing is not at the time 
of procurement, but it is done at a future time once we have an order for that inventory. So, while 
we obviously have been carrying higher inventory levels, inventories are not priced, they will 
get priced in the future. And that is something which is there for stability of our margins, which 
we've been following for over a decade now. So, we don't see scenarios of inventory gains or 
inventory losses just because we price it at a future date. The higher inventory that we are 
maintaining is because of the reason, as Shashank mentioned, that we are anticipating good 
demand for Q4, similar to what we had done at the end of Q2 and which played out quite well 
for us in Q3, that we were able to service a lot of end customer’s demand because we had higher 
inventory. And obviously, we have a lot of capacity. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vidit Trivedi: from Asian Market Securities. 
Vidit Trivedi: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Most of the questions have been answered. I just 
wanted to know what's the margin profile when it comes to the institutional sales, the retail sales 
and the exports? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
So, margins in exports are definitely much higher as compared to domestic margins. When we 
export cables, obviously, it again depends a lot on the geography that we are exporting. But 
generally, historically, we've been making at least around 15% of EBITDA margins in our 
exports. If you look at the domestic sales for us, cables versus wires, in cables, generally, we 
make anywhere between 9% to 12% of EBITDA margins. Whereas in case of wires, it is 
between 15% to 16%. Obviously, there are variations on a quarterly basis depending on the 
commodity prices, demand, et cetera. But generally, this is the range of margin profile across 
the different businesses. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Vidit Trivedi: 
Got it, sir. Just one last clarification. As you have mentioned that the price hike during the quarter 
is almost 70% to 80% of whatever the commodity has reacted. Is it fair to assume that it is 
minimum in the range of 10% to 15% overall price hike? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
You can obviously compute the commodity inflation, which was there in the past quarter, along 
with the rupee depreciation, just give a multiple of 75% to 80% to that. More or less you'll get 
the amount of pass-through. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
So, in terms of FMEG, two questions. Can you articulate more on the business of fans, how it 
has shaped up again, that business is also facing some of the regulatory headwinds. And again, 
commodity prices have also gone up. So how is the performance in case of fans. Secondly, if 
you can share more details on the solar business. I guess you initially mentioned that it has grown 
100% Y-o-Y. But at least what is the current revenue run rate, EBIT margin in that business, et 
cetera? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Sure. So, on the fans business, as we've been discussing during the quarter as well, initially 
during the beginning of the quarter, the uptake was pretty low because as you are aware, the 
summer season this time around was softer, and there was a lot of channel inventory, which was 
there during the year. 
 
And those inventories were getting liquidated during the beginning of the quarter, in October 
and November, and hence, the offtake was pretty slow. In December, it took off in a small way 
because there was BEE transition, which was to be implemented from 1st of January onwards. 
And hence, there was a bit of good uptake in December. 
 
And on an overall quarterly basis, the fans industry would have been largely flattish or a small 
degrowth and our performance was also pretty much in line with the industry. As far as the Q4 
or Q1 FY27 expectations are concerned, it will depend a lot on how the coming summer season 
is expected to be. Definitely, because the new BEE norms are getting implemented from 1st of 
January, there will be a bit of price hike that everybody will be taking. I believe the price hikes 
would be in the range of 2% to 4% and which will be taken during the course of first 1-1.5 
months of this calendar year itself. But to a larger extent, the uptake and performance of next 
quarter and the quarter to come will depend on how the next summer season is. 
 
As far as your question on solar is concerned, solar, as was mentioned in the opening comments, 
had a very good quarter, another very good quarter after having 1-1.5 years of very good offtake 
momentum. We expect even Q4 to be very strong. You would have seen that we had actually 
launched a newer range of 350-kilowatt solar inverters last quarter, and that did very well for us. 
 
The outlook is very positive from our side. We believe solar, which is already the largest 
contributor for us on the FMEG segment, will continue to grow even faster in the coming couple 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
of years as well, since all the government schemes are already getting implemented and are in 
motion. Hence, from our side the outlook is very positive. 
 
As I had mentioned in the previous quarter's call, the margin profile of solar is currently in high 
single digit, and we are maintaining that. To a certain extent since solar has now become the 
largest category for us in FMEG, that is one of the reasons why for FMEG has become profitable. 
And that is what we had mentioned in our earnings presentation as well. But the business mix 
or the product mix change, which has gone through, wherein solar has become the largest 
category, switches and switchgears have been doing quite well since last 3 to 4 years, Conduit 
pipes and fittings is doing much better, all of that has contributed to FMEG now becoming 
continuously profitable for us. And every year going ahead now, we believe that FMEG will 
continue to improve its profitability towards the guided range of 8% to 10% by FY30. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
This is very helpful. Just second question. You have mentioned in the PPT that we have grown 
59% in domestic C&W, and we would have gained market share. So roughly, what will be the 
market growth, means upwards of 50%, upwards of 40% where you look at the market growth 
per se? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Aniruddha, getting exact market growth for this quarter will be very difficult at this point of time 
because we'll have to wait out for other larger listed companies to come out with their results for 
the quarter over the course of next 2 to 3 weeks. But I would definitely believe that growth would 
have been higher in this quarter compared to what it was in the first half. To the best of our 
estimation, in the first half of this year, industry growth was at around 15% to 16%. I believe the 
industry would have been more closer to 20% at least. And this is the entire industry put together, 
organized plus unorganized. But specifically, for our market share gains, that we would have 
realized within this quarter, I think we should probably wait out for another 2 to 3 weeks to get 
to know the exact numbers of our peers. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
No, that's surely, and we will wait. But like if 59% is our growth and market growth maybe 20%, 
that's a massive jump in the market share for us. Is that a fair understanding? 
Chirayu Upadhyaya: 
Yes, so Aniruddha, that's something that I was mentioning. We need to appreciate the fact that 
in spite of a 300 bps decrease in our margin profile, we were able to deliver 34% profitability 
growth in this segment. And that is on the back of such high 59% domestic growth. There's 
obviously a bit of an export growth as well. I think our strategy is working very well. 
 
We have been working on the ground since the inception of Project Spring where we are going 
into each and every whitespaces that we have, within cable as well as wires, be it product 
category or geography. We are working very extensively with our distributors and trying to 
improve their growth as well as our wallet share of their growth. So, all of these initiatives are 
helping us. You know in the first half as well, we had grown cables and wires at 26% YoY. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
While as I mentioned, we believe the industry growth would have been around 16%, whereas in 
this quarter, we've grown at around 60%. So definitely, we have gained a lot of market share. 
Moderator: 
We will take that as a last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Niyant 
Maru for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Niyant Maru: 
Thank you, everyone, for your attendance. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Polycab India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining with us today, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
  
 
