 
 
 
Control Print Limited, C-106, Hind Saurashtra Industrial Estate, Andheri-Kurla Road, Marol Naka, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400059, India 
t. +91 22 28599065 / 66938900 | f. +91 2228528272 | e. ho@controlprint.com I w.www.controlprint.com  
CIN. L22219MH1991PLC059800 
MUMBAI (Regd.Office). AHMEDABAD. BENGALURU. CHANDIGARH. CHENNAI. COLOMBO. DELHI. GUWAHATI 
HYDERABAD. JAMSHEDPUR. KOLKATA. NALAGARH. PUNE. 
 
 
 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
To, 
The Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code – 522295 
The Listing Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol - CONTROLPR 
 
 
Ref: Transcript of Q3FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement),            
Regulations 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) 
Regulations, 2015, read with para A of part A of Schedule III thereof, please find attached 
Transcript of the Conference Call with the Investors / Shareholders of Control Print Limited 
(‘the Company’) fixed through Kaptify Consulting held on Friday, January 30, 2026 at 02:00 
P.M. IST on Q3FY2026 of the Company. 
 
Further, the said Transcript will be made available on Company’s website at 
www.controlprint.com. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Control Print Limited 
 
 
 
___________________ 
Murli Manohar Thanvi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Place: Mumbai  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Murli 
Manohar 
Thanvi
Digitally signed by Murli Manohar Thanvi 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=5297, 
pseudonym=a5yqlw0g62t8xipj4bomz9erk17vnh
cd, 
2.5.4.20=677fa5f6bf2172f6b4ded0d82372674a0
d22bfbf3d8c030a77124220e770efef, 
postalCode=342301, st=Rajasthan, 
serialNumber=d93e27ab1de4dee4c41c4b4d9da
5045dee4481ce2b6fd1866d4b97b3223fbdba, 
cn=Murli Manohar Thanvi 
Date: 2026.02.04 18:08:54 +05'30'

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
 
Q3 & 9M FY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Shiva Kabra - Joint Managing Director  
Jaideep Barve - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 32 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q3 and Nine Months FY26 
Post Earnings Conference Call of Control Print Limited.  
 
Today, on the call from the management team we have with us, Mr. 
Shiva Kabra, Joint Managing Director; and Mr. Jaideep Barve, Chief 
Financial Officer.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business and 
performance highlights for the period ended December 2025, the 
growth perspective and vision for the coming year, post which we will 
open the floor for Q&A. Over to the management team. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. Good afternoon everybody. My name is Jaideep Barve, and I 
work as the Chief Financial Officer of Control Print Limited. Welcome 
you to the earnings conference call for the third quarter of FY '25-'26. 
At the outset, let me wish you a happy and prosperous 2026.  
 
We appreciate that you have taken off time from your busy schedule to 
attend this call. Mr. Shiva Kabra, the Joint Managing Director of 
Control Print Limited also joins me on this call.  
 
For first-time joiners on the earnings call, more information about our 
company can be obtained by visiting our website. Just for information, 
the detailed presentation has already been put up on the website as well 
as in the investment presentation notification for this call.  
 
So let me provide you some highlights of the performance of CPL on a 
standalone basis for the third quarter of FY '25-'26. On a standalone 
basis, the total revenue till Q3 is approximately INR322 crores, which 
is a good growth from approximately INR280 crores till quarter 3 of FY 
'24-'25. Just for information, the total revenue for FY '24-'25, '23-'24 
and FY '22-'23 was INR395 crores, INR347 crores and INR295 crores 
respectively.  
 
Regarding the operating revenue, this is INR109 crores for the third 
quarter. Corresponding period of FY '24-'25, this was INR94 crores. 
Coding and marking represents 92% of the business. There has been a 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 32 
 
steady growth in the coding and marking segment. Pipes, food, 
healthcare, dairy, steel and metal, cable and wire continue to be our top 
performing business verticals. We are market leaders in cement, 
plywood, sugar and dairy. The business outlook remains bold for the 
track and trace division in FY '25-'26. We have developed new solutions 
and acquisition of new customers has been another plus point.  
 
We are getting good traction in the co-packing activities in the 
packaging division. A pipeline is also being generated for new 
machines, laminates and co-packing.  
 
The mask lab has now been re-established into a safety division along 
with masks, hard hats, ARC fast shoes, helmets, gloves, blankets etc. 
were also sold this quarter. On a standalone basis, the cost of goods sold 
is around 41%, 42%, 43% of the operating revenues in Q3, Q2 and Q1 
respectively. Just for comparison, for the entire year of FY '24-'25, the 
COGS was approximately 42%. That said, we remain committed to 
optimize the procurement costs and also look closely into the economy 
efficiency and effectiveness of operations. This we feel can definitely 
lead to reduction in the operating costs thereby increasing the gross 
margin. 
 
Manufacturing costs are approximately 2% of the operating revenue. In 
the earlier periods, this was around 3%. Employee costs are 19%, 16%, 
18% of the operating revenue in Q3, Q2 and Q1 of this year 
respectively. Depreciation is 4%, and this is in line with the previous 
periods. Other expenses are 14% of the operating revenue in Q3. On an 
annual basis, this has remained steady at 13% to 14% in the previous 
periods. 
 
Overheads will also be closely tracked with an aim to increase the 
overall profitability of the company. The EBITDA growth is at 21% Y-
o-Y. PBT excluding the exceptional items was at 35% Y-O-Y growth. 
The PAT growth was lower at 19% due to higher tax provision in this 
quarter.  
 
The way forward, we wish to consolidate the existing coding and 
marking business. We would like to increase the install base, provide 
more robust solutions. An increase in prices has already been 
implemented. We want to develop new solutions and capitalize the 
available market opportunities in the track and trace segment. Similarly, 
the packaging business, both in India and overseas, will be closely 
monitored and the emphasis will be towards increasing machine sales, 
co-packing and the laminates. The overseas subsidiaries will definitely 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 32 
 
be continued to monitor with focused growth targets. We have already 
provided them business plans and they have been asked for execution.  
 
I will now leave the floor open for questions. We will be happy to 
address them. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session , 
All those who wish to ask the question please use the option of raise 
hand. We will wait for a moment till the question queue assembles.  
 
We will take the first question from Mr. Saket Kapoor. Please go ahead. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yeah. Namaskar, Jaideep ji. Namaskar, Shiva sir. And thank you, 
Kaptify team for hosting the call. I hope I am audible.  
 
Moderator: 
Yes, Saket.  
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yes, Saket. Yes, Saket, we can hear you. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
So Shiva sir, firstly, if you could just explain to us, all the investors, 
how have our foreign subsidiaries and the consolidated results, 
performance? What factors have again led to these lower profits on 
consolidation? And what's the roadmap ahead for you? And I'll just 
come up with follow up once you start answering. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So, last time I said that, we should have a lower loss in this quarter and 
almost like a breakeven in the Q4 in our foreign subs, mainly the Italian 
one. You know, Codeology and Markprint are like combined about 
breakeven. So it's not that important. And what's happened is that we 
had, you know, we've come up with a new model, a new machine, a 
new packaging machine in Italy. But -- okay, so what happened in the 
past, I'll explain it to you.  
 
It's a long story. The reason why -- a lot of these machines were sold in 
the past. And I think that the quality control and that, you know, getting 
from a 90% machine to 100% machine takes a little bit of more effort. 
So what happened is we didn't want to make or repeat the same mistake. 
So we're using more of a Control Print style of quality control and 
working out here to make sure the product is extremely reliable and 
robust. Because if that doesn't happen the customer's not going to have 
the confidence to take the production on it.  
 
So we've not been able to execute orders or like besides one machine or 
something, I think in the last quarter, this Q3 and Q2. So, because of 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 32 
 
that, we have a little bit of a backlog. So it would have -- the numbers 
would have looked better if we were able to execute the orders and hook 
the revenue and then have got the profit. So now we are almost, like 
we're pretty much through the machine. We've got that first one out, 
we've got the second one. For the first time in Italy, I think we're making 
two machines which are exactly the same. And if this happens, and 
hopefully we should start actually executing a few of the orders we 
have, which will help make the numbers in Q4 and maybe Q1 of 
financial whatever this '26-'27 better.  
 
So I'm expecting that it's not like we're not on target, but there's some 
execution issues, where we as a company -- and obviously for us, the 
technology is first, and then comes all the other aspects of it. So as we 
do that, I think that we're going to get a much better result going 
forward. So and it's so like, I think the results are slightly worse than 
the reality. But like I said, it's not like we're not losing money, but we 
should have been losing less money than what we were. 
 
So I don't think we're too far off our guidance. I think I had said 
something like a INR1 million something, maybe it's more like a 
INR1.5 but we're not, we should do better. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
So to just understand it, it is the lower absorption of cost, fixed cost that 
has resulted in these lower profits on a consolidated level and going 
ahead with the dispatch of the machinery, which is there in the order 
book and already ready to be dispatched, we will be seeing better 
operating numbers. This is a correct understanding, sir? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, that's correct. That's correct. So I mean, I can also tell everyone, 
see, we have like about an INR800,000 Euro R&D cost. This is like the 
direct R&D, people are just assigned for R&D only, and something else. 
So there's also other expenses associated. So if you, if we actually, 
whatever R&D they're going to do is going to benefit us globally, 
because those same products are available for sale in India and Asia 
Pacific, and you know, maybe in the future, North America and other 
places. 
 
So, I will say that it's also because we expense all R&D, we don't 
capitalize anything. Because this is what we do in India. And I think 
Jaideep may be better. So, I do think that also, and I don't want to make 
an excuse that it's an accounting style or anything. Because we've 
followed this for a very long time. So I think -- but it's also making the 
Italian performance look a bit worse, because they're not portioning the 
cost of their development to the other areas where the machines are 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 32 
 
being sold. So that's where the difference is. But the technology is 
benefiting Control Print worldwide, if you understand. So the 
technology they're developing is benefiting Control Print worldwide, 
but all the costs are being apportioned to Italy. So, it's also making them 
look a bit worse than what they are. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir.  
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yeah, I will join the queue for the follow up. Thank you, sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Yes. I request all the participants to limit your questions to two per 
participant. We'll take the next question from Rushikesh Bhise. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Rushikesh Bhise: 
Thanks for taking my question. And congratulations on good set of the 
top line numbers. So my question is to Mr. Shiva Kabra, we spoke in 
July, wherein you said that the gross margins were impacted due to the 
higher raw material costs in the packaging business. And at that time, 
you had said that you're doing some R&D wherein you are trying to 
crack something wherein -- which can help you in some cost saving. 
And that could lead to better gross margins. So now when we see the 
numbers, the gross margins have actually become better for the 
consolidated numbers, but then the EBITDA has actually gone down. 
So I just wanted to know, like what exactly is the scenario over here? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So to answer your question, what the situation is as such, we're 
still working on development of the single polymer recyclable material. 
It's now under final trials. That's also one reason the machines are being 
delayed, because the machine needs some modifications to work with 
this material. It doesn't work at full speed, but it at least gives us an 
option of recyclability. So as a result there are also like I said, partly 
machines are delayed. Now, we are purchasing the materials from 
elsewhere and selling it, reselling it, as per the customer's requirement. 
And definitely when we manufacture the material, it will be cheaper, 
but also we have no focus on the recyclable material. 
 
So the margins have not changed much in this meantime. If anything, 
with the euro going up or something, I don't know exactly, something 
or the other. It might have slightly increased, our prices would have 
slightly increased, but with a slight lag. So I don't know if -- I don't 
know till now if there's any benefit of all of these things. I think it's 
going to take another four months, because we have some pilot line that 
we're starting in Nalagarh, which we'll shift later. So the line itself will 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 32 
 
only be delivered in March and probably by the time it's commissioned, 
it's going to be like April or May. 
 
So, it's more of a pilot line, but we'll still be taking some production out 
on it. But it will be relatively cheap to operate. It's just a lower volume, 
but we're talking about our volume, it will still work. 
 
The second question you had, what was the margins? And then you said 
something about the EBITDA, slowed down the EBITDA. So yes, there 
is a question that's there and Jaideep and me are looking at very closely, 
because both the other expenses and the employee costs have increased 
sharply. I know some part of the employee costs or something like 
gratuity and some provisions or something that has been made, which 
Jaideep will give you a better read on that. So that's some part of the 
salary cost. But even if I take that out, there is a salary -- there's a 
significant employee benefits cost increase. And the second part is that 
the other expenses have also increased. So we're actually taking a look 
at both of them quite closely. Jaideep, I don't know if you've got that 
number somewhere in this presentation. 
 
But so, yeah, so the gross margin, okay, it's sort of dipped to 58.1% 
from the previous, but I wouldn't give it too much importance right now. 
What I think is that the most important thing is that both the cost 
increase, the other expenses and the employee benefit expenses. And 
now I said like, I said that some part of the employee benefit expenses 
was some sort of increase in some sort of provisions, which Jaideep will 
tell you. 
 
And then the bigger part of the cost is there's some major part of the 
cost is an increase in the employee benefit cost. So we need to really go 
deep into that, to be honest, to understand what's -- where all these 
things have happened from and how this came about. And then the other 
expenses also increased. So on both of these things, Jaideep is doing a 
deep dive. So, maybe Jaideep can answer that question. 
 
Rushikesh Bhise: 
All right, that's quite helpful. Essentially, broadly, you're trying to say 
that at a gross margin level, the projects that we were -- trying to say it's 
yet to be fruitful. It is going to take like another four months to another 
reflected into the gross margin, if I'm understanding it correctly. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, it will take four months to introduce the product. And then 
obviously, once we introduce that and our cost of manufacturing is 
significantly lower, then obviously what we are importing from Europe 
is basically much higher than what we get from here. So it will 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 32 
 
definitely make the margins better. But what's important is the volume 
of the business should increase, in the meantime, for which the 
machines need to be placed and work perfectly. So I think that that's 
also, so both things are important, but the margins will improve in the 
packaging business as a result of manufacturing locally.  
 
Rushikesh Bhise: 
All right. Thank you so much. That's very helpful. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Rishikesh. We'll take the next question from Vikram 
Hirawat. Please go ahead. 
 
Vikram Hirawat: 
Hello, everyone. Good afternoon. My question is to you, Mr. Shiva. So, 
this is more product related. I was wondering if laser printers pose any 
significant risk to the consumable business. Now I'm aware that Control 
Print does manufacture laser printers, but they don't -- from my 
assumption, they don't really have the same sort of recurring revenue 
from consumables. Because once you supply that, there's no ink that 
goes into laser printers. And I'm aware that certain industries are, for 
example, the pipe industry is now using laser printers for marking 
solutions. Is laser printer a threat to the consumables business or to the 
inkjet printers? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, so if I can answer that question, the lasers have been around for 
about two decades now. And I don't deny that, at least what I've seen in 
the 90s, or even in the late-90s, they started especially in certain high 
speed bottling lines and certain things. So they have some fundamental 
limitations. And I'm going to go through this. So this is technical. So, 
the first thing is they don't work on all materials. Okay.  
 
The second thing is they don't give a contrast. So for a lot of people who 
want a branded type of print, they're not going to get a contrast. So like 
you said, when you print on a pipe, it won't give a contrast on it if it's a 
LLDPE drip or HDPE drip irrigation pipe. What it'll do is like an 
engraved print, which doesn't work for most people's branding.  
 
The third issue with, for our own purpose, in terms of the laser business, 
it's a different model, because there are less people, so the cost is less, 
because you also need less of a service thing. But there is also an AMC 
element to it. And the lasers have a life of about five years. So what you 
do is the frequency of replacement of the laser's more -- or more 
frequent. 
 
And there is like an IBE in terms of maintaining the fume extractors and 
changing the filters of the laser and doing some other things. So there's 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 32 
 
a lot of direct consumers more for service type of a contract and a spares 
contract that for the services and spares that you're selling. And then the 
life of the machine being a bit less, you keep replacing the machine 
every four or five -- I mean, of course, in the pharma industry and other 
things with a low usage, it might even be seven, eight years, but 
fundamentally, in most companies, you replace like every four or five 
years.  
 
So from an earnings perspective, it's not that much different to us. But 
yeah, there is an element in both things. But the most important thing 
that the lasers don't work on everything. There's a big safety issue with 
lasers, specifically when you mentioned pipes, or all chlorinated 
compounds or halogenated compounds, iodine, bromide type 
compounds, chlorine, what will happen is the moment you use a laser 
on it, it will create a chemical reaction on the surface. So it will, for 
example, release chlorine gas at that point of time. And the chlorine gas 
will attack someone's throat and eyes and also convert into hydrochloric 
acid by reacting with the moisture in the air. So both things are very 
dangerous.  
 
Now, in India, so if you look at the laser, fundamentally, it's a class 1 
safety that's around it. It comes under some IEC rules, I've got all the 
technical details, but I'll have to explain later. So the laser needs to be 
completely enclosed. It releases a whole bunch of small micron size 
fume particles when you print. So we capture them with a fume 
extractor, but still some are released. Now what happens is like abroad, 
what we've seen is that the laser is growing, but it's not increasing 
because in a lot of lines, people find it a struggle to enclose the entire 
line.  
 
So if I have a form fill seal machine, or even a pipe machine, where the 
laser's there, it needs to be enclosed completely. It needs to be that if the 
safety is open, the entire line is interlocked. So the laser will switch off 
at the power level itself, and the line will stop and so on. So in India, 
see, none of these things are being followed, even though we are also 
part of the same rules. So I don't know what's going to happen. But in 
general, like when we talk to the larger customers, and I agree that even 
they look at other people. So I'm not sure what's going to happen. In 
general I will say that even the so called big companies out here don't 
follow the same sort of safety norms that they in their own markets of 
Europe and America or something. But I think they're more cognizant 
of these issues. 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 32 
 
So I think even as awareness grows, these things will happen. So in the 
pharmaceutical industry, again, when they have a lot of particles out 
there, it's in a clean room environment. So they have issues of using 
lasers. So there are pluses and minuses in this whole situation. So a 
technical question of what you're asking, but fundamentally, whatever 
we're seeing abroad, in Europe, in Japan, in America, and of course, 
also in India, that the Chinese guys are very aggressive in using laser 
for everything without any safety measures or any thought. But 
elsewhere in the world, people are much more circumspect, they're 
cognizant of the safety issues, and the technical issues. 
 
And the other thing with the laser specifically on some materials, it will, 
because of the thermal energy, it sort of engraves into the material. So 
when you have certain thin materials, or where the barrier property is 
very critical, it will also cause pinholes in that material. So like I said, 
there are multiple issues. 
 
We also in the packaging industry, and people are being forced to use 
more recycled material, even though nobody's doing it right now. But 
that's going to happen. So what happens is recycled materials behave 
differently than the virgin materials. So when you print on the recycled 
material, you might not get the same print quality, might be much more 
uneven. So there are various pluses and minuses in this whole aspect, 
but I think laser will keep increasing at a gradual rate. I think for us in 
our business model, it's not really an issue. 
 
But I don't see from your fundamental question, I guess it's been around 
for a long time, unless there's some method of overcoming, especially 
the safety issues, and then the issues in terms of contrast on the material, 
there's no -- I don't see it ramping up very fast. 
 
Vikram Hirawat: 
To sum it up, you're saying that you this is not -- for now you don't 
really see a big threat to the fundamentals of the business. And also, 
there's some sort of industry risk or substrate risk. And you cannot really 
apply laser to every particular product is what I'm trying to -- it's what 
I've understood. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, so the laser is restricted, definitely to certain products where it's 
there. Like I said, certain people specifically, because you mentioned 
pipe, I've answered that. I'm seeing in certain places, people can use the 
laser, but it has safety issues. So some people are still using the laser. 
So you can use it on LLDP drip irrigation pipes, for example, but you 
can't really use it on any of the PVCC, PVCU, PVC, or any of the 
chlorinated pipes. So I'm just trying to say that there is an element to 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 32 
 
the whole thing. On a LLDP drip irrigation, or HDP pipe, when you do 
it, you need a lot of energy to get a small engraved print. 
 
Now for a lot of customers who want to brand their product, the 
contrast, they want much more contrast and visibility. You get my point, 
because if it's just for internal traceability, that type of print is fine. But 
if you want that the customer should know that it's a Supreme Pipe, for 
example, and see it and you want a great logo, or whatever then you 
need to have a high contrast print on it, which you can't get with a laser. 
 
So what I'm saying is, there are multiple issues in the laser adoption. 
And therefore the laser has picked up slowly. In China, it's picked up 
faster, because in certain cases, a lot of cases, most cases, they're 
ignoring a lot of safety-related issues around the laser. The safety 
regulations are already in place. And obviously -- but it's still, even in 
China the coding market has not decreased. It's just maybe a higher 
percentage of lasers has happened. But the rest of the market, even 
including the CIJ market is still growing, or at least stable. 
 
Vikram Hirawat: 
Okay. All right. I think that's -- you've answered my question. Thank 
you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Ansh Khimavat. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Ansh Khimavat: 
Thank you for taking my questions sir. Sir building on the previous 
participant's question, just trying to understand as to where was the delta 
in the gross margins and the employee cost? Can you just throw some 
colour on that? Also on the other expenses? 
 
Moderator: 
There is a lot of background noise.  
 
Ansh Khimavat: 
I'm sorry, can you hear me now?  
 
Moderator: 
There's background noise. 
 
Ansh Khimavat: 
Just a moment. Is it clear now? 
 
Moderator: 
Yeah, better now.  
 
Ansh Khimavat: 
Yeah, hi. My question was regarding the decline in gross margins and 
the increase in employee costs and other expenses. Can you just throw 
some colour on that as to where have we seen the delta over there apart 
from the gratuity and the other provisions that we've made? There 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 32 
 
seems to be a considerable movement in the employee costs per se. So 
that would be my first question. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Jaideep, please? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, hi. I think I'll take this question, Ansh. So what's happened is that 
as you rightly said, the employee costs have risen in the Q3 as compared 
to the Q2. And that is basically a result of adjustment of provisions. So 
you are aware of the new labour code, which has been mandatorily 
applied. So since 21st of November, now we are under the new regime 
of the new labour code. 
 
So as per the mandate given, we have to absorb all the past service costs 
also. So we had a major impact because of the gratuity provision. And 
also we made some kind of staff incentive provision. So that's the result 
why like the staff costs, the employee costs have risen. Other expenses 
are on the higher side. But definitely we are looking at more cost control 
measures, like basically business promotion expenses or travel 
expenses have grown as compared to the past quarter. 
 
We would like to concentrate more on the control aspect. And definitely 
we'll try our best to get a reduction on this and optimize the cost. So in 
the Q4, we'll make sure the results are better in terms of the overheads 
as well. 
 
Ansh Khimavat: 
But sir, in your note 5, you have said that there is no material impact on 
the new labour code. So there seems to be some kind of mismatch over 
here, sir.  
 
Jaideep Barve: 
I'm not getting the last, Ansh. 
 
Ansh Khimavat: 
I'm sorry. I'm saying, sir, in your note number 5, to notes to the 
accounts, you have mentioned that there is no material impact because 
of the labour code. So I'm just trying to understand as to then… 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
A couple of crores. It may be increasing in terms of the delta, but it's 
not a material impact on our overall results. Do you understand what 
I'm saying? If we're saying like the increase is -- what I think is -- 
because I don't know what the exact numbers are again, but I think that 
the employee cost increased by something, but okay. 
 
So about a couple of crores was the provision is my approximate idea.  
 
Ansh Khimavat: 
It increased by INR5 crores.  

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 32 
 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Its part of the delta, like he said, but it doesn't explain the entire delta. 
That's what I said before. But if you take out that amount, then the delta 
looks less, but it's not material now overall results. I mean, you have to 
be honest about that. 
 
Ansh Khimavat: 
Okay. And sir my next question would be on the impact on the India-
EU FTA. Where do we see ourselves placed because of this? And do 
we see the foreign players being able to enter the market per se, and 
being able to take our share in the market? Can you give some colour 
on that as well? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I can't hear you clearly. Could you please repeat this again? 
 
Ansh Khimavat: 
I'm sorry. Is it better now?  
 
Shiva Kabra: 
A bit better now. Yeah. 
 
Ansh Khimavat: 
Yeah. I was just asking regarding the India-EU FTA, do we see any 
foreign players entering the market post this FTA? Do we see any kind 
of movement coming from Europe in this space? Do we see anyone 
taking our market share, taking our business from us? Can you just 
throw some colour on this? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
It's absolutely of no consequence either way. It may make our exports 
a bit cheaper. I don't know actually what the duties were previously on 
stuff from India to there. The three main competitors, B2J, Domino and 
Markem-Imaje are all manufactured in China primarily. And then 
Domino and MI have an assembly line right at the end for Europe. So 
they get the entire kit and they get like a sort of CKD or SKD or 
something and they just assemble it here. But since none of the three 
are manufactured in Europe anyways to begin with, none of the imports 
are going to come via Europe. So I don't think that fundamentally 
anything changes. 
 
And more importantly in our business, like I said, it's a sticky business 
because most people have a printout. Everyone is competitive. The 
service network needs to be there. Everything else needs to be there. 
And those are, I'd say the most important critical factors for people to 
be successful in this business. So I don't think we are going to benefit 
much. I don't think we're going to in any way be impacted definitely 
negatively. We're not going to be impacted negatively. I don't think it 
makes a difference to our three key competitors. Yeah, I don't see this, 
I'd say not really having an impact on our business per se. 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 32 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Ansh.  
 
Ansh Khimavat: 
All right. Thank you. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
One year down the line, if it happened before, it could have helped a 
little bit in that the packaging machines and the packaging materials that 
we import from Europe would become a bit cheaper. But by the time I 
think this FTA is ratified, we'll already have all the production of the 
packaging materials. I don't see it being useful in that aspect. 
 
Ansh Khimavat: 
Okay, sir. That's all. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Vinit Thakur. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Vinit Thakur: 
Hi, sir. Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I actually 
wanted to know a couple of numbers. So what would be our segmental 
performance in volume, as sales volume? What would be the sales 
volume of printer and installed base for nine months? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So Shiva, I can answer this question. The printer sales for the nine 
months are a little over 2,100 printers. And our installed base is about 
22,000 plus printers. 
 
Vinit Thakur: 
And sir what's our revenue breakup by region and by segments? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So within the coding and marking, we have four different streams of 
revenue. So one is the printers, the other is the consumables, then the 
spares and the services. So the breakup for the Q3 is 18%, 58%, 7% and 
15%. 
 
Vinit Thakur: 
Oh, thank you, sir. And sir, what would be our opinion about the Europe 
operations? When can we see a reversion of EBITDA margins? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah Shiva, You want to take this question? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Can you just please repeat that question.  
 
Vinit Thakur: 
I wanted some clarity, sir, since we were doing '23, '25 and '24 and 
FY22 to '24. And since Europe, we have fallen down to around 19%, 
what would be -- when could we assume we could get back to the 
original margins or we would stop bleeding money in Europe 
operations? 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 32 
 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I think, okay, I mean, I cannot say anything to everyone, but like if 
I look at it on a standalone basis, which is what is more important for 
us, the standalone basis carries, like I said, the track and trace business 
is breakeven. It might even be making money, depending on how we 
apportion the overhead. It's making money -- I'd say on a marginal basis 
it's profitable now. 
 
The packaging business, even in India and Asia, is loss making as of 
right now. And obviously, in Italy and stuff like that, we have a much 
bigger losses that we are taking on that account. Now there are three 
different businesses fundamentally or four different businesses. One is 
a coding and marking. I'd put the digital printing in that. That's like one 
business. That is still growing. The profits are there and the margins are 
consistent and the profits have increased. Although we are still doing a 
breakup exactly of where the other expenses and the employee benefit 
expenses have increased, but we believe that the business has grown 
further in profit, in line with the revenue, if not more, okay. 
 
I don't want to give the exact breakup because we're not providing it in 
the presentation. But fundamentally, that business' grows margins and 
revenue -- there's revenue growth of, I don't know, like 14%, 15% or 
something of that sort in the standalone business. Some part of it has 
come from the packaging and the track and trace, which have grown 
faster, but from a much lower base. And that business is a profitable 
business. And the margins are increasing because our costs are not 
increasing that fast. But we're doing exact check up, because the other 
expenses is something that we are confused about, because we've not 
looked at in that depth.  
 
From the employee costs, I can say most of the employee costs which 
have increased have increased in the packaging business, maybe the 
track and trace business and the other things, and especially 
international business. Now, as the packaging business ramps up in 
volume, like I said, we get past some of these technical niggling issues, 
which we believe we've resolved and we're able to execute the orders in 
this quarter and the next quarter, it's a slightly lengthy process because 
even though the machine is now fixed, the customer still has to come to 
the factory, do a factory acceptance test and all these other types of 
things, which is a bit of a different, longer drawn out process as 
compared to what we do in our coding and marking business, where we 
just -- it's like a ready-made product and we just ship it.  
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 32 
 
So my view is that as the packaging business moves up in terms of 
revenue, and I do believe that in Q3 or Q4 of this financial year, this 
coming financial year, even in Italy, it's going to be breakeven. And in 
India, it will be profitable, hopefully by Q1 or Q2 of next year -- no, Q1 
of next year. So I think as that happens, and the losses of the packaging 
business come down, even if we're not making money, the standalone 
and the consolidated will sort of merge. So my gut feeling is that if you 
can make as much money in India in the packaging business as what 
they may lose in Italy in Q1 and Q2, at least we'll be sort of on a 
breakeven basis on the overall thing. 
 
And then we'll see a sort of homogenization of the standalone and the 
consolidated. And then the margins across the board will be quite 
similar. And then obviously the longer term plan is that the packaging 
business will grow and will be profitable in and of its own. And so will 
the track and trace business, I definitely expect them to contribute 
significantly to the bottom line in the coming financial year.  
 
So if I looked at the business and I sort of x-rayed and I looked at 
different segments, then I think that the core coding and marking 
business is still as profitable on a gross margin basis, surely. I can say 
that. But I think even if -- because we've not done that deep dive and 
apportioned the expenses perfectly between the businesses, but even if 
-- from whatever I can see from the employee point of view and other 
direct costs which are measurable for us, it has grown in profitability. It 
has grown in percentage margin in an EBIT basis. It has grown. 
 
Vinit Thakur: 
Thank you, sir. And one last question. 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry, may I request you to rejoin the queue, please? 
 
Vinit Thakur: 
Okay, we'll rejoin. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Shubham Jain. Please go ahead. 
 
Shubham Jain: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, Shubham. 
 
Shubham Jain: 
Sir, my question would be, if we are operating in an oligopoly market 
itself and we have so much of unutilized capacity, why has our market 
share remained or capped at around 20%-odd? Is it the barrier to taking 
share from Videojet or Domino a matter of technology or is the lock-in 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 32 
 
of consumables at the competitor side stronger than what we could have 
anticipated in the past? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Oh, Shubham, can you hear me clearly?  
 
Shubham Jain: 
Yes, sir.  
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So, I mean, I think this question has been answered in many 
concalls. Fundamentally, it's a very sticky business and we have 
actually grown our market share slowly over the last few years. But 
because it's a sticky business, it's difficult for the competitors to take 
our customers and for us to take our competitors' customers. So it 
happens, but it's a bit of a slower business. But technology-wise, I think 
we've got the best product stack right now, definitely. 
 
Shubham Jain: 
So, what could trigger a market share increase, let's say, hypothetically? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So definitely one of the gains we've had is more like in our non-CIJ 
products and where, especially the Thermal Inkjet and the Piezo where 
we've gained market share. So as technologies change, like some earlier 
person was talking about laser. So sometimes people are more open to 
using someone else's CIJ and then a second supplier's laser going 
forward or a second person's thermal transfer or Thermal Inkjet. So, I 
think that's one area where we feel maybe that's some opportunity to 
gain market share. And the second is to just continuously perform a bit 
better and just taking these small market share gains because they're 
very profitable.  
 
So, even though the market is growing at 10% and we're growing at 
14%, that's still quite profitable for us. It's -- because an extra 4%, 5% 
is -- yeah, it's a lot of money. 
 
Shubham Jain: 
Right. Sir, and the second question would be, we are running some pilot 
projects with Pharma cos. And what is the typical gestation period from, 
let's say, pilot to getting a full scale rollout? And what could be our 
potential, let's say, value addition in top line and bottom line, if you 
could, from that, if you could just…  
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I cannot answer the top line and bottom line part, because it's all 
hypothetical. But right now, the pilots are sort of over. But there's a lot 
of negotiation going on right now. Some contractual elements to the 
negotiation, it's not just a commercial negotiation, there's also legal 
aspects to it. So we are in the process of trying to finalize those deals. 
But it's one of those things that we have to go carefully because it's -- 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 32 
 
this is not a regular type of a sale of product. This is a patented 
technology we are giving and there are certain restrictions in what the 
customer expects us to do and what we can provide and so on. 
 
So I think, given that we have two of the top 5 or 10 customers in India 
and in previous thing, so, I think we have closed it now to in the 
finalization stage, commercial negotiation stage. But we are trying to 
close that hopefully in this quarter. 
 
Shubham Jain: 
Okay. Sir lastly, what is the... 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
It'll be soon. It'll be soon. But like I said, there's a little bit of back and 
forth, because both people have given it, us and our customers have also 
given to their legal teams just to make sure. So when lawyers get 
involved, everything slows down and it costs a lot more money. 
 
Shubham Jain: 
Okay. Okay. Thank you, sir. I'll join the queue. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Nitin Grover. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Nitin Grover: 
Yeah. Good afternoon, sir. My question is for Mr. Jaideep Barve. I hope 
I'm audible. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, you are. You are. 
 
Nitin Grover: 
Okay. Okay. Thank you for that. So, first of all, congratulations for an 
impressive growth in the top line, okay. You have published the 
numbers. I'm sure you can throw some colour on the significant increase 
that we are seeing in the employee cost. Okay. I think you did mention 
that some part of it relates to the change in the labour codes and another 
is on account of the increase in the provision on the side of incentive, 
right? Just wanted to understand what is the policy that you are 
following in terms of making a provision for incentive? Are you making 
an upfront provision for incentive before the sales happen? And because 
of that, there is a mismatch because the increase is quite significant. 
When I look at the numbers, it is a 28% increase in employee cost over 
last year and 22% over the previous quarter. And it is definitely 
impacting the overall profitability that we are seeing for Control Print 
for the third quarter. Okay. So, yeah, thank you. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. So Nitin, I would like to address your question this way. See, 
incentives are always a result as of like a planned structure process. So 
we identify the employees who need to be incentivized. We also have 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 32 
 
sales incentives policies. We've got incentive policies for the service 
managers plus we've got incentive schemes for the back office team. So 
as and when, I mean, for the people where the results can be quantified 
like sales and services, I mean, everything is calculated. For the others 
where it is more of a non-quantified basis, what we do is that based on 
our experience and based on the performance, we prepare a list and we 
get it approved and then the provision is made according to that. 
 
Nitin Grover: 
Thank you for that. See, your overall employee cost is like 23% of sales. 
I am looking at the consolidated numbers. Do we expect a similar 
percentage to continue as we move forward? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
See, we are definitely looking at optimization of not just the employee 
costs, but we are also looking at optimization of even the cost of goods 
sold and the other worlds. So definitely, we will see some kind of a good 
improvement in the periods to come. 
 
Nitin Grover: 
Okay, fine. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Jaideep. I appreciate it. Thank 
you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Prateek Jha. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Prateek Jha: 
Yeah. Hi. So sir, my question is, like could you share some guidance on 
the printing core business? What kind of industry growth do you expect 
over like, let's say, three to five years? And how do you see your 
company growing in that period? Also, if you could, like, give us some 
colour on the track and trace business, how you see that evolving? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So Prateek, to answer your questions, now specifically looking 
at the coding and marking business, it's going to grow at 10%, 11%, 
12%, depending a little bit on the Indian economy, like we're assuming 
that India is going to grow, so like 6%, 7%, and then coding and 
marking is going to be like 1.5 times that and so on. And we've been 
doing a bit faster than that. We feel that our product portfolio is better 
than the competitors. So we will continue growing at that. 
 
Right now, considering our line-up and everyone else's line-up and our 
edges compared to everyone else's, for the next year or two, I think like, 
because I can't predict five years down the line, but I'm sure we'll grow 
at the market. But maybe in the next year or two, if we still maintain 
our product edges in, the thermal engine and the PSO and certain other 
things, we may be able to grow it faster than the market, like about 15% 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 20 of 32 
 
growth rate, according to me, give or take, a couple of percent here or 
there.  
 
And obviously, if we maintain that edge, which we feel we've got a 
strong -- organization is strong, everything, maybe we'll maintain that 
15%-ish growth rate for a longer period. Like I said, it's going to -- there 
is a technical element to it, although I know I said that it's very sticky. 
But you know, it's also -- there's a technical aspect to it also. The product 
does matter.  
 
The second part of the thing was the question regarding the track and 
trace business and how it's evolving. So, I said, like I said, it's already a 
few hundred crores, like Jekson, ACG, those types of people are there. 
We're coming with a slightly different strategy. We're doing some more 
plain vanilla stuff right now. Now we've sort of finalized certain 
elements where we should be able to go for more high value added 
business. And for us, it's more of a fusion of the track and trace into 
something which is going to give much more business intelligence to 
the customer, rather than just meeting a compliance requirement. 
Because anyway you have to meet the compliance, but how can we sort 
of connect that to resolve some of the customer issues? 
 
So first, let me try to conclude those two contracts, let's try to conclude 
them and roll them out. They're pilots, they're big pilots, like the pilot 
has to be commercialized now. And if that happens, we'll be busy with 
that anyways for quite a long time. And then we'll have to see what the 
market reaction is and whether -- what we believe we're providing the 
customer as a benefit, what the customer believes he's getting, if he's 
getting it, the market is big. And if he's not actually -- the theoretical 
benefit versus the practical benefit is not there, then yeah, we'll still sell 
stuff, but then you might not grow at that same rate. So, it's very difficult 
to say. 
 
We're making a technology platform play in both the packaging 
business and the track and trace business and digital printing. So they're 
very different from the coding and marking business, where it's a very 
established platform and everyone knows what they're getting. 
 
Prateek Jha: 
Thank you, Shiva. Just a small follow-up question. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So it's difficult to predict is my point because these are like, they can be 
hockey stick type of growth or they can just not take off. It's very 
difficult for us to predict. 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 21 of 32 
 
Prateek Jha: 
Just a small follow-up question on track and trace. So, as of now, the 
demand that you are seeing, is it purely from the compliance perspective 
or you are also seeing companies doing it by themselves? The reason 
I'm asking is that I've seen a couple of organic players, they are putting 
QR codes on their products so that you can see that from where it's been, 
the exact factory it is coming from and etc. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So those are all like children's things. No. So the reason is the 
compliance. So, there's a thing called L1, L2, L3, L4, L5, which means, 
when L4 and L5, the information that you print is connected to that of 
the regulators, and people down the line in the supply chain and so on 
and so forth. So what people are printing a little QR code or a thing and 
it's leading to a website link, that's just basically a little bit of marketing 
type stuff that they want people to go onto the website and claim 10% 
and get his information or something. 
 
But no, what the pharmaceutical companies are regulated or the top 300 
brands or something of the sort is regulated and for these customers, it's 
a regulatory and a compliance matter. So they don't have any -- so they 
have to comply with the norms and even in the export segments in some 
countries, there is a requirement of this. So fundamentally, like it's a 
compliance-based business. And then we are trying, which is our 
strategy, that if you're doing the compliance, and we're getting so much 
data, we're printing so much data, why can't we do more things on top 
of that and really resolve some of your burning issues.  
 
So that's what our fundamental take is, but it's a compliance-based 
business in pharmaceutical. Other people are doing it. Those are like, 
not, these are not mission-critical applications, I'll put it that way. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from Trushank Jani. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Trushank Jani: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, earlier you mentioned that 
we've taken price hike on our printers. So are we the only ones who 
have taken a price hike or our competition has also taken a price hike 
and whether these price hikes are to match the commodity inflation or 
should this price hike result in any sort of gross margin expansion? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I think, Jaideep, you can take that one. But it is more not on the printer 
so much as the materials or the consumables and the services. And it 
was just lagging from our side. We had -- there has been some cost 
increases, my belief, but I think Jaideep could answer this better. 
Jaideep? I think maybe he's gone off the call. 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 22 of 32 
 
 
Trushank Jani: 
Sure, I'll ask my next question. I've recently met a company who had a 
packaging solution similar to V-Shapes, but it was not V-Shapes. It was 
some Chinese supplier. So I wanted to know if you're aware of any such 
Chinese competition there in the market and how does our patent 
protect us against such competition? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So, the patent protection is quite fundamental. There are two 
companies that are there in this business. One is Easysnap, which was 
founded by the person who's founded V-Shapes. And that uses an older 
patent. Now that patent itself is being violated by the Chinese 
companies. And they do have a patent in China, but someone needs to 
go to China and sue those people and so on. And it's not easy to do that 
with a small Chinese company, because the guy will shut it and his 
brother or sister will open a new company or something.  
 
So we'll have to go after the customers or something of that sort. But 
we don't have any, to be honest, real presence in China. So we don't 
know how to get all this stuff done. We do have patents in other 
countries. And we are not afraid to take legal options. So for a large 
customer out here, employs one of those machines, we're not afraid to 
go to court. Now the Easysnap patent will expire.  
 
Trushank Jani: 
In terms of those printers and as well as the per unit price, how would 
that work with us? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Finish this thing on the packaging machine. Now if the Easysnap patent 
will expire at the end of the year, so the Chinese people will be able to 
copy that type of machine. It has fundamentally some limitations, which 
is the reason we purchased V-Shapes because we figured out that this 
technology is going to have a benefit. And we have a patent still 2036 
in all major jurisdictions. We've also filed a whole bunch of patent 
extensions and different types of patents to cover like packing powders 
in our format or using the single polymer like a homo-polymer 
recyclable material, for example, or switching to a paper-based 
material, which is more than 70%.  
 
So we've also been filing a bunch of other or working on a bunch of 
other projects. So we expect that with an ecosystem of IP, things around 
this, it will make it difficult for people to get into the business because 
you cannot service all the needs of the customers and so on. So right 
now, the Chinese guys who are selling are fundamentally as of right 
now out of patent of the Easysnap. People are not copying the V-Shapes 
machine as of yet. It's more complex, much more complex to make. 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 23 of 32 
 
They will copy it. Whenever they do, we will sue them, that's as simple 
as it is. 
 
Trushank Jani: 
Okay. And currently, the Easysnap technology, which is there, how is 
it competitive in terms of pricing wise, say per unit sachet and the 
printer -- the packaging machine itself versus our solution? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
They're very similarly priced. The main difference is that Easysnap is 
running on an older technology. So the speeds are much lower. And 
also, because the way they cut the material without a shape, it's much 
more difficult to do that consistently. So the material tolerances have to 
be much lower. And if the material tolerances aren't perfect, and the 
setting of the machine is not perfect, then the chances of you making 
too deep a cut and the material leaking, or you're making too shallow a 
cut and the product not snapping increases quite disproportionately. 
 
So, yeah, Easysnap is not the main issue out here. The main issue right 
now is for us to just grow the market. It's not a sort of, competitive 
situation. It's more of I think all customers know that our product is not 
superior. 
 
Trushank Jani: 
Okay, I understand. Thanks. I'll get back in the queue. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from Samarth Singh. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Samarth Singh: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. Just a question on our cash flows. 
Assuming our packaging business breaks even and we're doing about 
INR50 crores of cash flow a year, how much of that were going to 
CapEx to maintain the 15% growth in the coding and marking business? 
And how are we thinking of the balance and plans to utilize the same? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I think, approximately what we depreciate, we spend about that 
much as maintenance and other types of CapEx. We don't even spend 
that much. But part of the depreciation is also certain things that we've 
invested in certain tooling, certain other things that we do. So I don't 
think that fundamentally, the CapEx is required. There is some CapEx 
that we are doing in terms of the development of the homopolymer for 
the packaging material, and its manufacturing and certain other things. 
But we don't expect either. We don't expect -- for our coding and 
marking, digital printing, track and trace business, there's no CapEx 
needed. The capital investment out here is the R&D, frankly speaking, 
and whatever projects we do on those fronts.  
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 24 of 32 
 
Samarth Singh: 
So but the R&D... 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
The cash flow is probably higher than INR50 crores. I'm not sure what 
it is. Jaideep will give you a better number. But yeah, I think we 
continue to maintain that, I think. 
 
Samarth Singh: 
So, the R&D is expensed, or is it capitalized? That's the first one. And 
the INR50 crores was from the presentation that you have posted for 
this quarterly results. So I got the number. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So it might be on a consolidated basis, I think. Our standalone profits 
are higher. What's happening is some of that money is going into 
funding the losses and the other things of our subsidy, but Jaideep will 
-- Jaideep, are you here? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, I'm there. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes, if you can just answer this question about the cash flows. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So Samarth, what happens is that R&D costs are expensed out in the 
books of accounts. 
 
Samarth Singh: 
Okay. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. Other expenses in the BSE filing, it will come under other 
expenses. Is this correct, Jaideep? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. And regarding your question on whether any capital expenditure 
is required for the core coding and marking, I mean, there's nothing 
major as planned for the core coding and marking, which Shiva has also 
mentioned, because we are at the moment running at about 65% to 70% 
of our capacity. So we don't foresee anything like a major CapEx in the 
coding and marking. 
 
Samarth Singh: 
So just to understand, so out of the INR50 crores or INR60 crores of 
cash flow, we are paying about a dividend of INR15 crores a year. What 
is the plan for the balance? Are we looking at more acquisitions or…? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
It's very early to say whether we are looking for acquisitions, but I 
mean, if we come across, we might consider, I mean. 
 
Samarth Singh: 
Okay, thanks. And the second question was just on our expansion into 
the Middle East, who are the competitors there right now? 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 25 of 32 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So if I may answer that question, fundamentally this expansion in the 
Middle East is not really -- it's for a very -- it's a small type of setup that 
we're doing. It's not a major setup. So it's just meant to help service the 
customers that we already have in certain segments where we are very 
strong. So for example, you know, it could be in stuff like steel or 
something. So it's purely like about four or five people working for that 
entire market. And it's meant more to be in certain niche industries and 
applications where we have some like definitive technological 
advantages compared to our competitors and to sort of replicate the 
same across the Middle East and Africa. 
 
So it's not like a heavy duty. We don't want to have like even 20 people 
that we are going to -- like we have like four, five people, I think, 
assigned to that area. 
 
Samarth Singh: 
Got you. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Nikunj Bhanushali. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Hi, am I audible? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, yes. 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So I just wanted to understand how are 
we standing today on the packaging business? So I think we have 
established a machine in India and we are trying to seed the market. So 
what sort of response are we getting from our customers? And what is 
the market telling us right now? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Could you just repeat that again? I'm sorry. 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
So for the packaging business, the V-Shapes business, right, we have 
established it in India as well to seed the market, right? We have put up 
a machine and we are doing co-packaging for our customers. Is that 
right? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
That's correct. 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Yeah. So what are we hearing right now from the market? What are our 
customers telling us and how is the traction there? And are we seeing 
any demand and any growth there? 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 26 of 32 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, so I think what happened was, there is demand. We have more 
machines installed in India also. But all of them are not working 
completely because of some niggling issues. So what's happened is as 
we got more into the business, we found out more issues because what's 
happening is people want to take like 100,000 packs to test the market 
and see how the format is and to test everything. Now what happens in 
that given situation is that they have a lot of technical issues because we 
struggle to print that much in such small quantities and certain other 
things. So as a result of this whole thing it's been a bit strange. 
 
But the market is good. It's actually quite positive. And I have no 
problems with the way the market is shaping up and it's definitely 
picked up in the last couple of quarters. Now we're really working on 
trying to execute the orders that we have, especially for co-packaging 
and get the guys who bought the machine streamlined so that -- because 
even they have the same thing that a lot of -- like those guys are 
exporting but then the customers they are not taking one product and 
continuously running it. They have a range of different serums and face 
creams and I don't know whatever stuff that they use. And it's a bit 
painful because we need to fundamentally provide for all of those 
different situations.  
 
So to print it, to test each material, test the compatibility, do the stuff, 
whether you make a billion or you make like 10 pieces, it's the same 
amount of work for us. So to get the artwork to qualify that. So we've 
been working a lot on streamlining the process. We especially had a lot 
of problems in printing smaller batches and our turnaround times, 
because it takes three months for us to get something reverse printed 
and laminated and sent back. And most customers want everything in 
30 seconds. 
 
So we've been working a lot on streamlining our own supply chain 
because getting the machine installed and the stuff, getting the licenses, 
all those things was one part. But we were not so equipped maybe to 
get those quick turnarounds for a lot of customers. But the demand is 
definitely increasing both here and in Italy. So I think now the things 
are much more streamlined. Even our own team is a lot more confident 
that we can execute the co-packaging orders. And as a result, they are 
much more comfortable in taking a lot more orders. So yeah, that's what 
the thing is. 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Right. You mentioned four machines we have established, right? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Can you say that again, please? Can you say that again? 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 27 of 32 
 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
In India, we have sold four machines, right? Is that what you said? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes. 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Okay. And just in case of our acquisitions, how are each one of them 
doing? If you could share some numbers, like Codeology and 
Markprint, what are their nine month numbers? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Jaideep, if you can help out on this, please. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. So the nine month numbers for Codeology is like, they're picking 
up the business, in fact, but there's still something to catch up. So for 
Codeology, I mean, the entire consolidated Codeology Group, we are 
having a loss of about 147,000 pounds as of now. And for Markprint, I 
mean, it's a good position, though not a great position. Markprint 
generates profits. So we are not overly worried about that. However, the 
scale of business can definitely be improved for Markprint. 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Right. Majority of the losses are coming from the V-Shapes, right, the 
Italy business? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
The major losses are coming from Italy. You're right, correct. 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you, Nikunj. Sir, due to time limitations, that was the 
last question. Would you like to give any closing comments? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I think we can take the rest of the questions, if its there. No problem.  
 
Moderator: 
Okay. We'll take the next question from Moksh Ranka. 
 
Moksh Ranka: 
Hello, sir. I just wanted to ask about your international subsidiaries. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Sorry. I just wanted to say because, I mean, obviously, someone is 
waiting a while to ask a question. It would not be fair to not let them 
ask questions. So sorry about that. Please continue, Moksh. Sorry. 
 
Moksh Ranka: 
Yeah. I just wanted to ask about our international subsidiaries. When is 
the turnaround expected for all our subsidiaries? And could you provide 
some more colour as to the current operations and or any other timeline 
for the turnaround there? 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 28 of 32 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So, Moksh, like I said, Codeology is profitable in their current business. 
Not massively so, not minorly so. They're just like a bit profitable 
because the UK market has been a bit down. The losses they're making 
are marginal. It's mainly because they are also -- we have asked them to 
invest in the V-Shapes business. And we are establishing a co-
packaging and a full marketing setup in the UK also. And that's why 
they're taking some expenses for licenses, for other things and whatever 
to start off.  
 
The marketing business is already profitable and we expect to not only 
to remain profitable, but to grow in profitability. And we're working on 
that. So we've got some great applications. There's some good stuff that 
we're working with them. Although Italy business is fundamentally 
what we're all talking about because that's the major loss-making entity. 
I mean, Codeology market is not really that relevant in terms of the 
overall factor, although Italian business is the main one. And I'm 
expecting in Q3 and Q4 of financial year '26-'27, they will be breakeven. 
And I'm expecting that Indian business in packaging will be breakeven 
at least in Q1 and Q2 and profitable by Q3 and Q4. 
 
And so hopefully, I'm hoping that next year, the packaging business as 
a whole will be breakeven if I combine it across India and Italy and even 
the UK and so on. Does that answer your question? 
 
Moksh Ranka: 
Yeah, yeah. That's it from my side. Thank you for answering my 
question. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you Moksh. We'll take the next question from Madhur Rathi. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand regarding 
the solution that we are offering in track and trace and how is it different 
from ACG and the other players because I understand none of these 
players manufacture printers as we do. So if you could just help us 
understand how is our strategy different, and can we do a partnership 
with the likes of ACG who do packaging and all by supplying our 
solutions to them? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So that's a very good question. Our solution is quite different to what 
they're doing. Like I said, everyone is doing the compliance. The big 
players in that are ACG, Jackson and PharmaSecure and Optel, which 
is more of an international player. And we're also one of those guys who 
has the entire solution from L1 to L5 and we get entire compliance done. 
The difference between us and the other players is that we are focused 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 29 of 32 
 
more on meeting the compliance needs like them, but also using our 
printing capabilities, our software capabilities and other stuff to offer a 
more comprehensive solution to those pharmaceutical customers, so 
they can tackle other business issues of theirs. I can't tell you exactly 
what it is.  
 
Like I said, if we finish this negotiation and we roll out the pilot and I 
get a permission from the customer, I will make a presentation on this. 
Like we make a white paper and a presentation which we'll provide to 
everyone, maybe whatever it is. So let me just finish this thing. 
Hopefully, I will conclude everything and move ahead. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. And sir the second question was, recently there was a publication 
that your seed companies need to have a barcode and they need to have 
traceability on their packaging. So can that be an additional market for 
our track and trace solution along with our printers and the consumables 
that we provide? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Definitely agrochemicals, including like pesticides and seeds, and also 
I believe to some extent fertilizers in the future are also going to come 
under this regulation. But what I know is like, I don't know if it's been 
notified, but not like it's been delayed or something has happened. So if 
you're saying it's official now. So people have started doing it, 
especially in the agrochemical industry for the pesticides. But I don't 
know if everyone is already executing. Obviously, if that happens, then 
the addressable market increases. But normally, in our past experience, 
the government doesn't mandate it and say you have to do it. 
 
It's a different business. And so yeah, I don't know if the -- from what 
my knowledge is that the government has not mandated as yet. It's 
something that is supposed to happen, but delayed once or twice and 
you don't say like we're going to pull your product from the shelf. Past 
experience shows that people don't really -- but yeah, it will increase 
the addressable market for sure. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir just a final question from me. Sir, how do we plan to scale up 
these labour applicators and the barcode scanners that Codeology 
produces in India? Because I suppose that there will be a lot of customer 
synergy, product synergy versus the printing solutions that you are 
providing. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
In fact, I'm in the Nalagarh factory right now, and the Codeology team 
is here and they've come specifically to give the training on the entire 
print and apply, manufacturing and setup. So it was a bit delayed, but 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 30 of 32 
 
now we expect to really go ahead and move on it. So they will keep that, 
because you do it, you have some issues. And now we're ready for the 
second round of real training and manufacturing out here. So hopefully 
after this, we'll be in a much better position to actually execute and start 
selling the solution to customers rather than being a hypothetical tool in 
our kit. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, that was from me. Sir, thank you so much and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Rahul K. Please go ahead. 
 
Rahul K.: 
Hello. Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. Yeah, just a few questions 
from my side. So for the first one is like, I would like to understand on 
the standalone basis, right, this time, our EBITDA is lower compared 
to last time. Is it due to the product mix or something else? Because, 
yeah, our revenue is also like higher from last quarter. Yeah, that is my 
first question. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So Rahul, this has been addressed earlier in this conference call. But 
Jaideep, if you want to repeat the thing. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
See, I'll tell you what, Rahul, I mean, as we've been saying, there has 
been an increase in the costs related to employee benefit expenses, as 
well as other expenses. And you've explained the reasons why they are 
and management is definitely committed to take a closer look and 
monitor them. And we hope for a better Q4 in terms of the margins 
achieved to optimize the costs. 
 
Rahul K.: 
Okay, sorry, I joined a bit late. Sorry, if I have repeated the question. 
The second question is on the V-Shapes, right? So I think so last concall 
also I attended like, we were expecting somewhere around Q4 to 
breakeven on V-Shapes, if I'm not wrong, that was -- so like, now it is 
delayed. Sorry, if you have already addressed it. But if I can recollect, 
yeah, that was what was said in the last call. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So we said earlier that what happened was we had some slight 
technical issues in terms of being able to send out the machines. 
Because we wanted to, like I said, some minor improvements need to 
be made on the machine. And therefore, we couldn't really ship that 
many machines in Q2 and Q3. We've shipped one machine, I believe, 
finally. And in this quarter and next quarter, we should ship the 
remaining machines that we had like a few machines, like not a huge 
backlog, but we have a few machines that we need to ship out that will 
reduce the losses in Q4 and Q1 or help us do it. 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 31 of 32 
 
 
So that will definitely help improve the overall performance. And at the 
same time, we're also getting a strong push in the co-packaging 
business. I won't say it's particularly profitable, it's more to help 
popularize the product and scale people up so that they start becoming 
machine customers and/or do the co-packing elsewhere with our 
package, and so on. 
 
So I think from that perspective, it's looking positive. Yeah, and I said, 
I had given a specific guidance in Q1 and Q2 in India will be breakeven 
in the packaging business and profitable by Q3 and Q4. And in Q3 and 
Q4 of this coming year, I expect Italy to be breakeven. So there will be 
losses, but they'll be on a declining platform from now on. 
 
Rahul K.: 
Okay, and one last question. Like, do we maintain the current like mid-
teen growth, what you like projected in the earlier calls? So we maintain 
that guidance? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Can you repeat that again, please? 
 
Rahul K.: 
So I was saying, like, we projected mid-teens growth, right, in the 
previous concall. So do we like project that we stand on that projection, 
right, or do we have...? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Right now, I think we've got the nine month figures and so on. Jaideep, 
I don't know but we -- like some 16% growth or something, something 
like that.  
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, it's 16% growth, correct. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So yeah, hopefully, we'll continue on a standalone basis in that zone or 
something. So yeah, I mean, for three quarters, and obviously, like I 
said, if the coding and marking market is going at a certain pace, and 
then hopefully, we'll be able to go faster than that. So we'll probably 
maintain that for this year for nine months. And of course, next year, 
we'll definitely see for next year. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Okay, thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sir, since that was the last question, would you like to give 
any closing comments? 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 30, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 32 of 32 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Just want to thank everyone for participating and really appreciate your 
time. Obviously, I think a lot of questions regarding the gap between 
the standalone, the consolidated, and then because of some tax reasons, 
the PAT looks a bit poor. But we're quite convinced that the standalone 
and the consolidated will start merging in this coming financial year. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, thank you so much, everybody. It was nice to have you on the 
call and keep supporting us. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you to the management team. And thank you to all 
the participants for joining on this call. This brings us to the end of this 
conference call. Thank you. 
