BRAND CONCEPTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
CIN – L51909MP2007PLC066484 
                                4th Floor , UNO Business Park, Indore Bypass Road,Oppo Sahara City,  
                                                               Bicholi Mardana ,Indore, Madhya Pradesh - 452016                  
Phone: 91-731-4223000, Fax- 4221222/444  
 
 
 
 
 
 
       Email: info@brandconcepts.in  
 
                  Date:19.02.2026 
 
 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
           To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
           BSE Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department   
 
           Listing & Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
 
 
 
           Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
 
 
 
           Dalal Street,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
 
 
           Mumbai - 400001 
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051 
 
Symbol: BCONCEPTS 
 
 
 
           Scrip Code: 543442 
Subject:  Transcript of Investor Call held on 16th February, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, copy of transcript of the Investor call 
held on 16th February, 2026 at 01:00 P.M. (Indian Standard Time) to discuss Company’s 
performance for the Q3 & 9M FY26 on ended 31st December, 2025 for the FY26 is enclosed.  
  
The aforesaid 
information is 
being 
uploaded on the Company’s website at 
www.brandconcepts.in. 
 
We request you to kindly take the above information in your records. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours faithfully  
For Brand Concepts Limited,  
 
 
 
Swati Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M No. A33016 
  
 
 
Swati 
Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Swati Gupta 
Date: 2026.02.19 
11:53:27 +05'30'

 
 
 
BRAND CONCEPTS LIMITED 
 
Q3 & 9M FY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Abhinav Kumar - Whole-Time Director and CEO 
Mr. Kalyan Maheshwari - President, Finance 
Mr. Nabendu Chakraborty - COO 
Mr. Manish Peshwani - VP, Commercial 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q3 and Nine Months FY 
2026 Post Earnings Conference Call of Brand Concepts Limited. 
Today on the call from the management team, we have with us Mr. 
Abhinav Kumar, Whole-Time Director and CEO; Mr. Kalyan 
Maheshwari, President, Finance; Mr. Manish Peshwani, Vice 
President, Commercial and Mr. Nabendu Chakraborty, COO. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. I would 
now request the management to detail us about the business and 
performance highlights for the period ended December 2025, the 
growth perspective and vision for the coming year, post which we will 
open the floor for Q&A. 
 
Over to the management team. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Hi. Very good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining the call. So 
just giving a few highlights. In terms of the revenue, we've grown 
strongly by 23%. You would also see an expansion in the gross 
margins, but that is primarily from the fact that the manufacturing is 
coming in-house. However, the expenses of the same goes below in 
the line items, and hence probably the expenses would look right now 
a little swelled up. 
 
Overall, I think it's been a good quarter for us. We've expanded. We've 
gained more market share. And in terms of our offline business, we've 
fared fairly well. Online, of course, we continue to do well. Our B2C, 
which is an initiative that we had taken, the B2C business has been 
growing pretty well. We've grown by more than 18% in our B2C 
business from last year, which is selling to the end consumer directly 
through various platforms. 
 
Going forward, our focus areas are going to be also optimising 
efficiency in various different channels. While one phase has been 
where we have been expanding, now I think we'll be entering a phase 
where we'll also sort of optimise our efficiencies across various 
different channels, specifically pertaining to the large format stores. 
So that's a focus area for us. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
The existing current quarter, which is Q4, will also mark a major 
milestone for us. We're going to be launching the two new brands that 
we have signed, which is Superdry as well as Off-White. This quarter, 
we'll see the initial launch of these brands. 
 
So I think this entire year has been very, very significant for us. We've 
aspired to become a house of brands, and we've added new brands, 
and we've successfully launched a couple of them. And now we are 
going to launch the next two brands from our portfolio. So overall, I 
think we're happy with the space that we are in. And from here, I think 
the company is sitting on the right base to sort of capitalise on the 
future prospects. 
 
That's from us. I'm happy to take questions because I know the Q&A 
round takes a longer time. So opening the round for Q&A. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
All the participants who wish to ask the question may use the option 
of raise hand and if unable to do so, you can put your question in the 
chat. 
 
Moderator: 
Abhinav, until the question queue assembles, I'll ask a question. 
Where is the competitive intensity now between the incumbents in the 
travel and luggage space? I think that is one question that everybody 
wants to know about. Secondly is how are the pricing trends now 
behaving? And third, again related to this is that there are other 
players also who've started advertising, marketing different brands 
coming into luggage, etc. How do you see that as competition? And 
what are you doing to face to that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So I think the competitive intensity is still very, very high. There are 
newer players still entering the market. And since they are in the 
unlisted space and this sector has become an interesting sector for 
everyone. And hence, raising capital has been fairly easy. So in fact, 
all the competition, you name a brand and everybody today has raised 
funds, right, from the new entrants like whether it is Mokobara, 
Assembly, Uppercase, EUME, Nasher Miles, all of these are 
obviously funded companies, right? And hence, the competition 
intensity is there. 
 
But I believe competition is always good for any category. Ultimately, 
competition grows the overall category. You might feel the heat for a 
couple of quarters or a couple of years. But ultimately, it results in 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
expanding the category. I've always been saying way back, I used to 
say that this is a sort of a white space industry. And hence, it was also 
we had a huge grey market or that kind of a business over here, which 
was not a branded business, which was an unbranded business. So 
now this entire category, with all these players coming in and 
marketing happening, everything happening, product development 
happening, so I think it's a very interesting phase for our industry. 
 
Going forward, over the years to come, I think this is going to expand 
the market, expand the branded market, and the organised sector is 
going to benefit from all of this. But currently, yes, a lot of these 
brands, a lot of these companies, they continue to burn and hence, 
there is a bit of a pricing pressure, which is there. However, I believe 
that with our own manufacturing also coming into place, I think we 
are well poised to sort of tackle this. 
 
And in terms of our premium and super premium brands, there, we are 
seeing a lot of traction even at the upper end of the pricing spectrum, 
which gives us a lot of confidence that if your brand is right, the 
product is right, the customer is willing to pay the price. So I think 
that's the clear strategy that we are taking. With our Masstige brands, 
obviously, we'll have to play the price game. But with our premium 
and super premium brands, I believe going forward, we can sort of 
take the premium route and be a little insulated from those pricing 
pressures. So yes. 
 
And again, reflecting upon your last question in terms of marketing, 
we've also upped our marketing game. We've started sort of doing 
marketing for individual brands. Earlier, our marketing spend was 
lower. We've increased that in our budget. Digitally, we are very, very 
strong now. Our digital presence is increasing day by day. So I think 
as a company, we are very well poised to tackle any sort of 
competition which comes our way. I hope I've answered your 
question. 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, yes, Abhinav. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from chat from Anubhav Shah. He's 
asking, thanks for detailing the key pointers on Slide 1 in your 
presentation. Can you update us on the progress of Juicy Couture? 
That's his first question. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So Juicy Couture, very, very happy to share we are already -- 
for example, this quarter, it has done really well. We are almost at a 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
run rate of now ₹17 crores to ₹18 crores at wholesale for the annual 
year. So this quarter, we've done almost ₹4.4 crores in one quarter. 
Considering the fact that we launched in Q1 and by Q3, we've reached 
this kind of a run rate, I think it testifies our belief in the brand. And I 
see this as a very, very good opportunity for us. So it's going good, 
Touchwood, the brand is getting established very well. We're 
expanding offline, online, everywhere. So digitally, we are now more 
poised to expand Juicy Couture a little more digitally, which should 
unlock the potential of the brand. 
 
Moderator: 
His next question is, can you also share the thought process for Off-
White and where are we on that front? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So Off-White for us is our first foray into the luxury space. And we've 
signed our first store in Bangalore. We'll be doing the brand launch in 
Bangalore, Mall of Asia, it would be the first store, which hopefully 
we should be able to launch it in March. Off-White actually is a very, 
very strategic this thing for us. It opens up whole new horizons for us. 
So it's a niche segment. As I've always said that you should never shy 
away from experimenting, but you should never bet your shirt on the 
experiment. So experimenting in a niche segment is always better 
rather than experimenting in a mass segment where you're dealing 
with huge volumes, huge investments and all of that. 
 
So this will give us an understanding of the luxury industry. It will 
give us an understanding of apparel. It will give us an understanding 
of various different categories. And till now, whatever response that 
we're getting for Off-White is fabulous. So all the luxury retailers, the 
premium retailers of the country, they're absolutely on to keep the 
brand. So we've signed contracts with them. We've already signed the 
MOUs with all of them. And you will find Off-White in various 
different multiple channels. 
 
So till now, very, very happy, Touchwood with the response that we're 
getting. We've not launched the brand yet, but there's a lot of 
expectation from the brand. So we're getting very positive feedback. 
 
Moderator: 
And he is asking by when do you think this two and Superdry will 
start contributing to the revenue? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, I think give it about two seasons at least. So this is going to be 
the first season, spring/summer. I think from fall/winter onwards, we'll 
start seeing the traction. So first season, you go small, you buy 
limited, you launch, it's more of setting up, right? So from second 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
season onwards, you start seeing the true colours, as we're seeing in 
Juicy Couture as well. So I think from Q3 onwards, again, you'll start 
seeing some colour happening in Off-White and Superdry both. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have another question in the chat from Aishwarya. 
What capacity are we at in our manufacturing? What is the current 
utilisation rate? What is the incremental EBITDA saving eventually 
from there? That's her first question. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. The capacity that we are at, currently, the lines which are 
operational, we are at a capacity of about 25,000, 26,000 pieces a 
month. And in fact, in one of the months, we have actually produced 
full 100% capacity also. But on an average, we're doing about 20,000, 
22,000 pieces a month because of multiple changes or whatever, line 
changes and everything. 
 
In terms of EBITDA expansion, we had hoped for a 10% to 15% 
EBITDA expansion from our own manufacturing in that category. 
However, looking at the current pricing, and the competition over 
there, the pricing competitiveness currently going in the market, we 
are passing on that benefit to the end consumer. So I think, over the 
years, once we reach economy of scale, that's when we'll start seeing 
the true benefit and the true colour of our own manufacturing. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is how is the inventory situation of finished goods 
or semi-finished goods? And how do we see the sales flow moving? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
How do we see the sales? 
 
Moderator: 
Sales flow moving. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Sales flow moving. Okay. So I think inventory right now, if you will 
see, obviously, it's increased from the last financial year, March 
ending, whatever inventories we had. Currently, the number of days of 
inventory has increased from there. But it is owing to all the new 
brands that we are taking right now, it's obviously in the beginning, 
you'll have to stock up. So the inventories and new brands plus the 
new manufacturing as well. You need to have raw materials, you need 
to have all of that. So initial inventories fall up because of this. But I 
see all of this settling down, I think in the next two to three quarters, 
we will start settling all of this down. 
 
In terms of the revenue or the sales flow, if I say, I think we are 
delivering a healthy 23%, 24% kind of a growth right now. And I 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
think considering our size, considering the competition, considering 
all of this, I think it's a very, very good growth that we are delivering. 
So we are happy with this growth. Now our focus is going to be a little 
more on improving the efficiency of the channels rather than just 
going on for growth. But at the same time, not to forget that with the 
new brands also coming in, I think growth is not a challenge for us. 
 
Moderator: 
There's another question from her. Are we doing anything with your 
own brand vertical? Also since others are also trying to build their 
own brand, don't you think it could be a good strategy to start building 
up your own brand as well using our existing network? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So building our own brand, yes, I think it is there in our list. Today or 
tomorrow, we would, for sure, do that. But right now, I feel it's not the 
right time because creating a new brand and when you're competing 
against all the funded players, I think in the last year or this year itself, 
in our segment, I think there has been a fundraise of more than ₹1,000 
crores, right, put together. So people putting in money very, very 
heavily to just build the brand. While they are achieving a certain top 
line, their bottom lines are all haywire. But since they are not in the 
listed space, it's a private equity space. So that's how this entire thing 
is operating. 
 
So I believe, as a company, we should hold on, focus on, we've taken 
new brands. These brands resonate very well with the consumers. And 
there is enough and more potential right now with all these brands. So 
with these brands itself, we can easily cross ₹500 crores, ₹600 crores. 
In fact, these brands are good enough for ₹1,000 crore kind of revenue 
as well. So we're not going to right now focus on that. We want to do 
one thing at a time, do justice to us. 
 
We've just expanded into manufacturing. We've just taken new brands. 
All of this takes a toll on your resources, your balance sheet, 
everything. So we want to focus, we're going to stay very, very 
focused get this right, get this moving. Once we cross the ₹500, ₹600 
crores, then if I take out and build a plan of ₹10 crores, ₹20 crores, 
probably my balance sheet will be able to take that plan. Right now, I 
don't want to burden too much the balance sheet. So it is there on our 
agenda but not right now. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. There is another question from another participant in the 
chat, Ashish Sharma. He's asking, can you throw some light on 
Bagline? This time, your presentation is missing the slides on number 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
of stores. How many new stores did we open in Q3? And what's your 
target for next year? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So we haven't opened any new store in Q3. As I said, we had done a 
new identity. We launched a new identity of Bagline in Q2, and we 
are studying that results. We're studying the same of it. We are now 
replicating that identity in a new store. We are expanding that. So if 
we have, for example, 500, 600 square feet in the same mall, we're 
asking a bigger area so that we are able to showcase all our brands and 
do justice. 
 
But in the meanwhile, we've obviously opened single brand stores. So 
we've opened Juicy Couture. This quarter, we'll be opening Off-White. 
We're opening another Juicy Couture store. And we are also 
contemplating that should we also look at opening more of mono-
brand stores as well. So for example, Tommy Hilfiger Travel Gear. So 
in totality, today, we have about 56 stores, out of which 50 stores are 
Bagline, four stores are Tommy Travel Gear and two stores are Juicy 
Couture. 
 
Now the results that we are seeing in the two stores of Juicy Couture 
and four stores of Tommy Hilfiger, we feel that with those results, 
mono-brand stores, because it gives you a complete brand experience, 
so we're contemplating with that. And hence, you might probably see 
opening of more mono-brand stores also in the upcoming quarters. 
 
But we're not in a hurry to open a lot of stores. 50, 55 stores are good 
enough. As I said, the focus is more on improving the channel health. 
So we'll be going through each and every store, cutting down the tail. 
You always have a tail in retail, right? So you'll always have some 
best-performing stores, then you have an average and then you have 
those laggards. And time and again, you need to cut that tail so that 
you are still very efficient and robust. 
 
So you will see that in the next couple of quarters, we are actually in 
the process of cutting the tail. But we will not shy away from opening 
new stores. If we're getting a good property, we are evaluating all the 
properties, we're evaluating all the new developments. So you will see 
announcements of new stores as well. 
 
Moderator: 
And his next question is, where do you see your revenue margin, 
profit profile for the next year and next three years? You can share 
growth rate as well since you may not want to give absolute targets. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So I think I believe the growth rate should be anywhere between 20%, 
25% CAGR for the next three years. I think we can easily achieve 
that. So we should be on that path of doing a 20%, 25%. And I think 
from next year onwards, you will start seeing from FY 2027, which is 
next year, I believe that you would be seeing a very, very good 
improvement in our bottom line, in our margins because the brands 
would have sort of settled, the factory would have sort of settled. So 
we expect a good increase in our bottom line. 
 
So it's difficult for me to put it down as a percentage, but I think in the 
next three years, we would aim to be about 12% to 13% EBITDA. 
And currently, our borrowings have also gone up, obviously to fuel all 
of this expansion. So we are currently at a debt equity ratio of 1:1.5. I 
believe an ideal is 1:1. So in the due course of time, whenever it is 
required and for that itself, actually, promoters have also subscribed 
and we are getting in debt equity coming in. 
 
So with all of this, also the aim is that how do we bring our interest 
costs down because today, the interest costs are also because of the 
borrowing, the interest costs are on the higher side. So once we start 
pruning all of this, I think you'll start seeing a very, very healthy PAT 
margin in the next two to three years. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have another question from Pawan Sehrawat. Pawan, 
you can unmute and go ahead. 
 
Pawan Sehrawat: 
Can you explain a bit more on your statement that you have executed 
a full brand license for JC Apparels? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. So JC, when we launched, we have taken the license for 
handbags, bags as a category, all our categories, which is bags and 
accessories. We have taken the license for that. But we have taken a 
special sort of permission. Our contract also detailed that we could 
open Juicy Couture stores where we could keep apparel and other 
categories as well. But we have not signed the license for it. So it was 
just a retail license that we had that we could open stores. 
 
Once we launched our first store and we launched the apparel in that 
store, we launched the apparel on our website as well, and we got 
stocked out in like no time. So the demand for apparel was amazing. 
The quality of apparel was amazing. So looking at that response, and 
because we are investing, we have already invested quite heavily into 
that brand, we have the brand, our initial contract was for 15 years, so 
we said we should go ahead and block the apparel category as well 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
with us. So hence, we went ahead and now we've signed the master 
license for apparel as well. 
 
So entire apparel, handbags, accessories, all of these categories are 
now with us. There are a couple of categories which obviously we've 
not signed because we are not experienced or masters in that category. 
But the apparel, handbags, accessories, all of this is with us. And now 
that contract is also almost 20 years. So that's actually a good news 
that we have. 
 
Pawan Sehrawat: 
Okay. Got it. So my other question is that can you throw some lights 
on status of UCB? Like what size have we reached in this brand? And 
by when do you see it becoming ₹100 crores? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So UCB, I'm actually happy to share in Q3, it's a brand which has 
grown the maximum. So we've done almost a 50% growth year-on-
year from last Q3, right? So I think we are now beginning to see green 
shoots in UCB as well, though I would still say that we are doing well. 
Last year also, we did well. This year, I think we'll end up at a growth 
of almost between 30%, 35% for the annual. 
 
And at a retail value, if I talk about, we'll be close to ₹65 crores, ₹70 
crores at retail. And hence, the wholesale would be close to about ₹35 
crores, ₹38-odd crores, between ₹35 crores to ₹40-odd crores is what 
we'll be ending up with. If everything goes well, I think another three 
to four years, it can easily, three years, I think it can become ₹100 
crore brand. 
 
Pawan Sehrawat: 
Okay. And one more question actually regarding your depreciation. 
What led to a lower depreciation in Q3? Is there any change in your 
depreciation policy? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. So earlier, we were calculating, we've been conservative always 
when it comes to our accounting and finance, we've always been very, 
very prudent. So we always adopted a WDV method, right, which 
leads to higher depreciation in when you have a higher CapEx. So it 
was advised by our consultants and our auditors. 
 
We checked with them. And we also checked what are all the other 
companies doing. And I think everybody takes an SLM method. And 
because these years are going to be CapEx heavy, hence, we've 
changed our policy from the WDV method to the SLM method. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Pawan Sehrawat: 
And also your interest costs have moved up. So where are we in our 
working capital debt versus the end of H1? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I think I already mentioned that we are at a 1.5 debt-equity ratio. 
Working capital days you're saying, is it? 
 
Moderator: 
Working capital debt. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. So we have about -- in terms of working capital debt, we have 
about ₹100 crores of CC now including everything, the factory, retail 
division, all of that. 
 
Pawan Sehrawat: 
Okay, that's it from my side. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have another question from Aishwarya Mishra. 
Aishwarya, you can unmute and go ahead. 
 
Aishwarya Mishra: 
I would like to know, would you be able to share the revenue breakup 
among your key categories for Q3 and nine months? Where you are 
seeing significant change? And which category do you think can scale 
up the volumes from here? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So I think the current Q3 figures, if I talk about Travel Gear, is 
roughly around 60%. Our Small Leather Goods is roughly about 33%, 
and the balance 6% to 7% is now Women Handbags. So we're seeing 
green shoots in Women Handbags. I always mentioned that we are 
lower over there. And hence, now we're gaining traction over there. So 
I think all the three categories have potential to grow. And I would be 
pegging my bets on all the three categories. I don't see any rhyme or 
reason why any of the categories would not grow from here. 
 
Handbag is a massive, massive opportunity. I think every brand that I 
speak to today, every fashion brand, everybody is focusing on women 
handbags. It's a massive category, massive value unlock. So I think we 
are there in the right place at the right time, and we'll see a lot of green 
shoots happening over there. Travel Gear and Small Leather Goods, as 
I said, they are a little more mature categories. They're already there. 
So they'll continue to grow as the market expands. 
 
Aishwarya Mishra: 
So I would also like to know, is there any update on the CSD channel? 
Have we entered into it, or we are still working on the same? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Aishwarya, we entered. We entered like, this is going to be our second 
full year of operations. And Touchwood, I would say that it is doing 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
really, really well over there. We, in fact, very recently executed 
product changes, certain pricing changes. So the efficiency also of that 
channel, I believe, in the next year would be far better. So 
Touchwood, it's going very well. 
 
Aishwarya Mishra: 
And what kind of sales are we doing there? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Okay. So I think this year, we'll be ending around close to ₹40 crores 
at wholesale top line. 
 
Aishwarya Mishra: 
And where is it clubbed in our revenue mix? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Traditional Trade. Last year, the figure was about ₹26 crores, ₹27 
crores. We ended at ₹26 crores, ₹27 crores. This year, we are ending 
at close to ₹40 crores. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Ashish Sharma. Ashish, you can go 
ahead. 
 
Ashish Sharma: 
Good afternoon. With current investment in manufacturing and COCO 
store expansion, what is the expected EBITDA margin for FY 2026 
and FY 2027? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I think I already answered this, Ashish. But I'll just repeat. With 
manufacturing, we had expected a 10% to 15%. So manufacturing 
essentially would give you a 10% to 15% jump in terms of your 
margins. But manufacturing is, we have to remember that 
manufacturing is only for hard luggage and backpack, which is close 
to about 50% of our overall turnover. So you can do the math. 
 
But currently, with the pricing pressures and everything, we are 
passing on this benefit to the end consumer, right? So as the economy 
of scale happens, right now, the plant can go up to 2.5 lakh pieces a 
month. But currently, we're operating at 1/10 of that, right? But you're 
building, you set up, everything is over there. And hence, initially, it's 
front-loaded. The expenses are front-loaded. With the economy of 
scale, I think the margin intake will start getting better. And that's 
when you'll start seeing it adding to the bottom line. 
 
Ashish Sharma: 
And what digital marketing initiatives are being scaled to support 
online growth and customer retentions? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I think digitally, we are now very, very active. We are active not only 
on, so our performance game is very good. And the kind of ROAS that 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
we generate is actually very, very good. So in certain brands, we've 
generated a ROAS of eight to 10 as well, which is sort of unheard of 
in the industry. But Touchwood, because the brand's charm, the brand 
power is already established, so hence, we get a benefit in our 
marketing as well. So one is that. 
 
We are now looking at going brand by brand in terms of marketing. 
So this year, you will see a major investment happening even in 
Tommy Hilfiger. Till date, we've not done a brand-specific heavy 
investment in Tommy Hilfiger. And considering it is our largest 
brand, I think this thing is right, the stage is right that we sort of invest 
into the marketing of that brand. But all the marketing that we're 
doing, it's all digitally aligned. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Anubhav Shah. 
Anubhav, you can go ahead. 
 
Anubhav Shah: 
Can you throw some light on the management bandwidth aspect, with 
so many brands now in your portfolio? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. A very good question here, Anubhav. So we have been investing 
into increasing our bandwidth. And hence, overall, the costs have gone 
up because we've been investing into people, but I can say this with 
the utmost sincerity and clarity that the team that we have in place is a 
brilliant team, very, very happy with the new people also who joined 
on these new brands. 
 
The very experienced team. Everybody comes in with at least 12 to 15 
years of experience, worked with the top most brands, worked on 
₹500 crores, ₹800 crores of revenues and all of that. And wherever we 
require, we are not shying away from having consultants as well. So 
we have a panel of consultants as well. 
 
So we're taking this entire approach. We're strengthening the team, 
and we will continue to invest into manpower because at the end of 
the day, it's the team which takes you there. So very happy right now 
with the current bandwidth. There will be one or two new 
announcements also in terms of some senior people joining us. We 
will be making them shortly. 
 
Anubhav Shah: 
Okay, and my another question is, what's your vision for next three to 
five years? 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, three to five years, I think the vision is, how do I say, if it is 
only in terms of revenue, I can say that, okay, in the next four to five 
years, we aim ₹1,000 crores. But actually, the vision is not only from 
the top line perspective. The vision is that we deliver a very, very 
good, healthy, we are a very healthy company. We want to be a very, 
very healthy company when it comes to top line, bottom line, your 
balance sheet, all of that. 
 
So I think the focus for the next two years now would be how do we 
improve our efficiencies. Now that we have all of this, we need to 
scale and we need to scale it efficiently. So that's going to be the 
focus. 
 
Anubhav Shah: 
Okay, and my last question is, are we done with the integration of the 
soft bag manufacturing? And is there any plan to move everything to 
one location? If yes, then by when? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I didn't get your question, sorry. 
 
Anubhav Shah: 
I'll repeat it. Are we done with the integration of soft bag 
manufacturing? And is there a plan to move everything to one 
location? If yes, by when? 
 
Moderator: 
He's saying are we done with the integration of soft bag 
manufacturing, yes. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, the soft bag integration was already done, Anubhav. So I think it 
was effective 1st of April 2024 itself, correct? It was 1st of April 
2024. Because the order got, it was effective 1st of April 2024. So 
hence, all the results that you see are on consolidated figures. In fact, 
if I talk about only the retail division, our growth percentages are 
higher because in the manufacturing, you have now a higher share of 
in-house consumption. Hence, it doesn't reflect on the top line. So yes, 
that integration was done. 
 
And bringing everything to one place, yes, that is on the cards. But as 
I said, right now, we've made our first investment. It's a heavy CapEx 
that we've done for our hard luggage plant to shift the soft luggage 
over there, we'll again have to invest into building, construction and 
all of that. 
 
And on the parallel, we have our warehouse also, which is requiring 
investment. So we want to take it step by step. So I think two years 
down the line is when we can expect that we'll sort of start executing 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
the plan of moving this to one location. But yes, that is on the cards 
that we move everything to one location. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Since there are no further questions, Abhinav, would you 
like to give any closing comments? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. I think we are very, very well poised. I think we have all the 
arsenals that we need in our kitty. And now it's time to unlock the true 
potential. So looking forward to a great next financial year is what I 
can say. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you to the management and all the participants. 
This brings us to the end of Q3 FY 2026 call. Thank you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Perfect. Thank you. Thank you everyone, for joining. 
