 
 
20th February, 2026 
 
To, 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd,
BSE Ltd.,
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400051
Mumbai – 400001
NSE Code – JGCHEM 
BSE Code – 544138 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam,  
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Financial Performance for the 3rd 
Quarter and Nine months ended December 31, 2025 held on Monday, February 16, 2026.  
Further to our letters dated February 16, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable 
provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, we are enclosing the transcript of the earnings 
conference call for the Financial Performance of the 3rd Quarter and Nine months ended 
December 31, 2025 held on February 16, 2026 at 04:00 p.m. (IST) 
This information will also be available on the Company’s website at www.jgchem.com. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For J.G.Chemicals Limited 
 
 
Swati Poddar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
SWATI 
PODDAR
Digitally signed by 
SWATI PODDAR 
Date: 2026.02.20 
11:53:58 +05'30'

Page 1 of 23
 
  
 
 
 
“JG Chemicals Limited 
Q3 & 9 months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 16, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANIRUDH JHUNJHUNWALA – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, JG 
CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. ANUJ JHUNJHUNWALA – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – JG 
CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL – GENERAL MANAGER 
 
(ACCOUNTS & FINANCE), JG CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. DHIRAL SHAH – PHILLIP CAPITAL (INDIA) 
PRIVATE LIMITED 

JG Chemicals Limited
February 16, 2026
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to JG Chemical Q3 and 9 months FY26 
Conference Call, hosted by PhillipCapital Private Client Group. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dhiral Shah of PhillipCapital PCG. Thank you and 
over to you, Mr. Dhiral.  
Dhiral Shah: 
Thank you, Rudra. Good evening everyone. On behalf of PhillipCapital Private Client 
Group, I welcome all you to Q3 and 9 months FY26 earnings conference call of JG 
Chemical Limited. Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. 
Some of the statements made in today's earnings concall may be forward-looking in 
nature.  
 
Such forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainty which could cause 
actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management 
beliefs as well as the assumptions and the information currently available to the 
management. Participants are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-
looking statements in making any investment decision. 
 
The purpose of today's earnings conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness 
around the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under view. Today from 
the management team, we have Mr. Anirudh Jhunjhunwala, the Managing Director and 
the CEO of the company; Mr. Anuj Jhunjhunwala, the Whole-time Director and CFO of 
the company; and Mr. Amit Agarwal, the General Manager, Accounts and Finance. 
 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Anirudh sir for his opening remarks and then we 
will open the floor for question and answer. Over to you, Anirudh sir.  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you, Dhiral. Good afternoon everybody and a very warm welcome to JG 
Chemical's earnings call for the third quarter. I would like to thank all of you for taking 
the time today to join us. I will begin with a brief overview of the company, followed by 
some key operational and strategic highlights for the quarter and for the nine-month 
period. 
 
As you are aware, JG Chemicals Limited is India's largest manufacturer of zinc oxide and 
the country's leading zinc recycling company. We cater to a diverse range of end-user 
industries which include rubber, tire, ceramics, paints, pharmaceuticals and cosmetics, 
specialty chemicals, and many more industries. 
 
We serve over 200 domestic and more than 50 global customers, including all leading 
Indian tire manufacturers and nine out of the top ten global tire companies. Our 

JG Chemicals Limited
February 16, 2026
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
manufacturing network comprises today of plants in West Bengal and Andhra Pradesh 
with a combined capacity of nearly 70,000 metric tons per annum. We offer 80 plus 
specialized grades of zinc oxide as there is no one-size-fits-all approach when it comes to 
zinc oxide and each customer has their own specification. 
 
Our Naidupeta facility remains the key competitive advantage for us, being the only IATF 
certified plant globally and holding also the WHO GMP certification along with other 
pharmacopoeia certifications.  
                                             Today, sustainability and recycling remain core to our business model. We focus on 
maximizing the use of recycled zinc, which reduces costs, reduces the energy 
consumption, the carbon emission, and also the environmental impact. Our circular 
economy-led approach supports resource efficiency and also aligns well with the 
environmental needs and also reinforces our long-term ESG and growth strategy. 
 
As part of our sustainability drive, we have recently commissioned a new solar power 
energy generation project at Naidupeta and this helps us increase our renewable energy 
content. This was Phase 1; further investment in renewable energy will be done to take 
our share of renewable power even higher. Apart from this, we also continue to explore 
and work on various sustainability initiatives and the company is fully committed to its 
sustainability goals. 
 
Friends, now let us look at the capacity expansion and the new project initiatives that the 
company is taking right now. The greenfield project, which was already announced at 
Dahej, Gujarat, continues to progress in line with our planned timelines. This state-of-the-
art facility will significantly strengthen our presence in western India and also enable us 
to be closer to our key customers in that region. 
 
Work at the site is advancing well, with civil construction currently underway, and 
machinery installation is expected to commence over the next couple of months. We 
expect to commission this Phase 1 of the zinc oxide production in the first half of FY '27 
itself. Once operational and stabilized, this facility will play a pivotal role in boosting our 
overall capacity and supporting our long-term growth strategy. 
 
In addition to this Dahej project, we have also undertaken a brownfield expansion at our 
Naidupeta facility to support future demand. Our existing capacity remains adequate for 
near-term requirements and these expansions will further strengthen our ability to cater to 
the customers in future. 
 
As part of our focus on new projects and initiatives, I am also pleased to inform you that 
during the quarter, we also made very significant and meaningful progress on the recycled 
rubber project. Pilot-scale trials for our recycled rubber project have commenced and the 
initial results are very encouraging. Further details on this will be made available at the 
opportune time. This would be a specialized product and increase the content per tyre 

JG Chemicals Limited
February 16, 2026
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
from the house of JG. 
 
Let me now dwell upon the and give you a perspective on the industry scenario. As you 
are already aware, tyre and rubber forms a significant demand contributor as far as we are 
concerned. Demand momentum in the tyre industry remained healthy during the last 
quarter. The tyre industry has benefited from the GST-led reforms. The reduction in GST 
rates from September '25 has improved affordability and overall customer sentiments 
across both OEM and the replacement market. 
 
Good and widespread monsoons have also revived the rural economy, supporting the two-
wheeler and the agriculture tyre demand across the Tier 2, Tier 3 markets. The automotive 
industry continues to witness strong momentum across vehicle segments, supported by 
infrastructure development, improving freight movement, healthy consumer demand, and 
favorable financing conditions. 
 
In international markets, the demand for radial commercial vehicles, off-highway tyres, 
and passenger vehicle segments remains strong, with India now emerging as a credible 
global sourcing base for these category of tyres. 
 
India is well-positioned now to emerge as a leading automobile hub, which is expected to 
act as a key growth driver to the auto ancillary sector, supported by both domestic as well 
as rising export demand. The demand in the last quarter has been robust and the same 
momentum is being experienced in the current quarter also. Our customers today are 
operating on good capacity utilization. This has therefore led to leading tire manufacturers 
in India announcing significant capex plans of over INR12,000 crores over the next 2 to 
3 years, which provides us with a strong visibility on long-term volume growth. 
 
When tire invests in growth and capacity expansion, your company JG Chemical is a 
direct beneficiary. The Union Budget 2026 presented by the Honorable Finance Minister 
further enforces India's commitment to manufacturing-led growth. 
 
The continued focus on capital expenditure with infrastructure allocation exceeding over 
INR12 lakh crores is expected to improve logistics efficiency and support demand 
momentum across automobile and other sectors. 
 
Recently, with the trade agreements with EU and the US, we are hopeful that the export 
opportunities for some of our customers would also grow significantly, which had become 
subdued over the last few months, and thus we feel that these customers would now again 
come back to higher level of productions. 
 
Apart from rubber and tire, we are also seeing encouraging traction in the non-rubber 
segment such as pharmaceutical, ceramics, specialty chemicals, and agriculture. Our 
focus on product customization and customer-specific solutions continue to strengthen 
our partnerships with them and improve our penetration in these areas. 

JG Chemicals Limited
February 16, 2026
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
Over the long term, we remain committed to increasing the contribution of non-rubber 
allocation to drive margin expansion and also portfolio diversification. Overall, as a 
company, we remain optimistic about the long-term growth prospects of the Zinc 
chemical business and our ability to gain more market share driven by strong customer 
relationships, product innovation, our focus on sustainability, and capacity expansion. 
 
With this brief overview, I would now request our CFO, Mr. Anuj Jhunjhunwala, to share 
with you financial highlights for the quarter and the 9-month period. Over to you now, 
Anuj.  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you. Good afternoon once again to everyone on the call. I will now take you 
through our financial performance for the third quarter and the nine month ended of the 
current fiscal, followed by some operational and business updates. 
 
I am pleased to share that in this quarter, your company witnessed its highest-ever 
quarterly sales, EBITDA and PAT. The improved performance was driven by strong 
demand across most customer segments. 
 
For Q3 FY '26, our consolidated revenue from operations stood at INR249 crores, 
registering a year-on-year growth of almost 19%. This strong growth during the quarter 
was driven by higher realization, improved capacity utilization, and increased mix of 
specialized orders. 
 
These factors collectively enhanced operating leverage and supported the sequential 
improvement in margins. In terms of key figures, the EBITDA for the quarter was INR26 
crores, the PAT was approximately INR18 crores. 
 
Overall, the quarter reflects improved operational efficiency and stronger profitability 
supported by disciplined execution and a favorable product mix. On a 9-month basis, the 
revenue from operations was INR687 crores, EBITDA was about INR71crores, and PAT 
was at INR50 crores. 
 
As mentioned by Mr. Anirudh, the GST reductions implemented in September have led 
to a meaningful improvement in demand across the automobile industry, which has 
obviously had a direct impact on the tire segment as well. This momentum has continued 
in the current quarter, supported by improving customer sentiment and industry activity. 
 
We remain optimistic that these trends will sustain in the upcoming fiscal, providing 
strong growth visibility for the tire industry and related value chains. In addition to this, 
various FTAs which have been signed between India and the West also bode well for 
general manufacturing industry in India. 
 
In addition to the tire industry investments which was mentioned earlier, we are also 
seeing various automobile and its ancillary companies announcing new capex plans in the 
immediate future. All this bodes well for the general demand in India and I feel our 

JG Chemicals Limited
February 16, 2026
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
country is fully geared up for attracting new investments from both Indian and foreign 
companies going forward. And to meet this demand, JGC is also expanding its capacities 
to ensure that it has enough capacities available to cater to the demand which will follow. 
 
With this, we can now open the floor for question and answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Mohit Chugh from Subh Labh Research. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Chugh: 
Sir, my first question is, I wanted to understand more about pricing scenario. Given OEMs 
have commented about offsetting the input cost pressure with volume growth and 
operating leverage, are we noticing some free hand in pricing to increase our margins? 
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: 
Could you repeat your question please once again the first part of the question? 
Mohit Chugh: 
Sir. I wanted to understand more about pricing scenario. Given the auto OEMs have 
commented about offsetting the input cost pressure with volumes growth and operating 
leverage. So we are noticing some free hand in pricing to increase our margins? 
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So as a company, we believe in responsible pricing and whether the demand is muted or 
is in a buoyant stage, the company has very long-standing relationship with our customers 
wherein any cost pressure on the company is passed on and is absorbed by our customers, 
and in indirect they obviously try to pass it on to their OEMs.  
 
But having said that, I think our relationship is quite matured that where each one, you 
know, plays their part and we do not try to take any unfair advantage of the customer. Any 
cost increase on the company's side, definitely we try to pass it on to the customers, and 
because we operate in a premium segment, more often than not it is absorbed by our 
customers and it is appreciated.  
 
Similarly, if there is any possibility of cost savings, etcetera, from our side, we also 
continuously try to pass it on to the customer because if the customer benefits, ultimately 
we benefit in the long run in terms of value and relationship.  
Mohit Chugh: 
Okay sir, very understanding sir. Sir, my second question is on the inventory side. Like I 
have been noticing some price increase in zinc, so if you can throw some light on how 
will our margin look in quarter 4 with increasing prices?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: See, as we have maintained before also, as a company, generally, we are agnostic to zinc 
prices. Whether zinc prices go up or go down does not really affect our margin profile on 
the core business. Because if you understand how the pricing works, basically our product 
is priced on the LME, which is the London Metal Exchange where zinc is quoted, and 
also the raw material that we buy is also based on the same London Metal Exchange.  
 
So in effect, it's a pass-on model wherein supposing in the month of January we have 

JG Chemicals Limited
February 16, 2026
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
bought our raw materials basis the LME of January, in February we sell our zinc oxide 
basis the price of zinc on the LME in the month of January. So it's an M minus 1 model. 
So technically, there is no difference in or lag in the pricing mechanism.  
 
However, when obviously zinc, when you're seeing a favorable impact on zinc prices, 
then we also carry a core inventory on which obviously gains can be accrued. So in the 
last quarter, we have seen in the last few months zinc prices going up, so obviously those 
gains should accrue in the current quarter on the inventory which the company carries. 
But generally speaking, it doesn't matter whether zinc is 3,000, 3,500, or 2,500; it doesn't 
matter that way.  
Mohit Chugh: 
Okay sir, okay sir. That's very helpful, sir. And sir, my third question is on rubber plant. 
If you can help me explain the supply chain of used tires, basically what is the procurement 
channel of used tires? If you can help throw some light on it.  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: So as far as this business is concerned, the procurement of used tires would be both 
domestic and international. For international, it's a controlled mechanism wherein you 
need to take a license. And once you have the license, you can import. In the meantime, 
you are free to procure domestically.  
 
Domestically, this comes through traders and dealers who are basically scrap collectors, 
scrap tire collectors. In fact, going forward, there is also a model wherein as we scale up 
and as we set up the industrial scale, we will also look at tie-ups with large tire companies 
wherein their rejects and their replacements would flow directly to us. So that is also a 
model. But yes, so it's a combination of three models: directly from the tire companies, 
from the domestic market, and from the international market.  
Mohit Chugh: 
Okay sir. And a last question if I can just squeeze in. If you can provide a revenue mix 
between tire and non-tire in quarter 3.  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So the rough revenue mix, as we've guided earlier, it was earlier about 90% rubber and 
10% non-rubber, which became 85% rubber and 15% non-rubber. I would say we are in 
the 83% to 85% range for rubber and the balance 15% to 17% would be non-rubber. And 
as we mentioned earlier, as we go forward, the mix of rubber would also reduce, not 
because of lesser growth in rubber, but obviously rubber will continue to have good 
growth, but increased, more products and more application areas which we're focusing 
on.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Kaushal Sharma from Equinox Capital Venture 
Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Kaushal Sharma: 
As you said, sir, there is more demand challenge going ahead in zinc oxide facility of 
around 40,000 MTPA and that is being commissioned in H1 FY '27 as expected. So what 
kind of revenue potential are we expecting from this, and how are we going to ramp up 

JG Chemicals Limited
February 16, 2026
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
once the capacity is online? And sir, my second question in on your recycle rubber project 
that we are investing in recycle rubber project, so what kind of capex are we investing in 
this and the capacity we are putting?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So I'll take your first question first on the revenue potential from the new projects that 
we're doing. So the Dahej project would have a capex of total INR100 crores and it has a 
revenue potential of about INR900 crores plus over a couple of phases. So in first phase, 
we'll obviously not be putting up the entire capex; it will be about INR45 crores-INR50 
crores and the revenue potential should be in the range of about INR400-odd crores for 
that. 
 
And on the rubber project, I think it's still early days; we would not like to give any 
guidance on the revenue potential and the capex. We are working on it and as we 
mentioned, it's a trial plant, it's a pilot plant right now. Once we move ahead with that, 
we'll share all the requisite details with the market in due course. 
Kaushal Sharma:  
Okay sir. And sir, we are also changing our product mix like non-recycling rubber 
segment we are moving, so what kind of revenue mix are we expecting going ahead like 
1 to 2 years? And the revenue potential are we seeing from non-rubber segment and could 
you please explain the EBITDA margin difference in both the segments, if possible?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So your voice is a little muffled. But if I... 
Moderator: 
Your voice is breaking. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
Yup now is it -- hello? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So I've caught on to the question that you asked. So just to clarify just to answer to his 
point, the revenue mix between rubber and non-rubber would change to about 70-30 I 
think in the next 2 to 3 years’ time. That's what our internal target is.  
Kaushal Sharma: 
And sir the EBITDA margin could you guide like in the segmental EBITDA margin how? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So as we've mentioned earlier the core EBITDA margin of the company is around 10 to -
- between 10.5% to 11%. That's the basic EBITDA margin that we aspire to make. And 
as we you know increase the contribution of specialized products with operating leverage 
etcetera, this would increase to about 13% to 14% minimum in the next 2 to 3 years’ time. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
Okay sir, got it. Thank you very much sir. I'll join the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ashmita from Electrum Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Ashmita:  
Hello, thank you for the opportunity sir. Just wanted to understand that the gross margins 
have declined on a Y-o-Y basis. So could you elaborate what were the key drivers behind 

JG Chemicals Limited
February 16, 2026
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
this compression and going forward, what gross margin range should we look at?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So if you see, as we mentioned that in our business there is a lag effect of materials flowing 
in, there's imports which happen, sometimes there could be a couple of months' lag 
between the date at which we've contracted with a supplier and the time at which the 
material is actually consumed. 
 
There could be certain time differences; there could be a 3-to-4-month difference between 
the time of the contract and the time of actual consumption in the factory. So that's why 
we've always guided that rather than looking at the gross margin number on a standalone 
basis, it's always better to look at a lower number on a more operational efficiency number 
of the EBITDA or a PBT because that gives a more holistic view of the performance of 
the company for the particular period under consideration. 
 
So if you see the 9-month number for last fiscal and current fiscal, our EBITDA margin 
is more or less in the same range barring I think 70-80 basis point difference because of a 
lower EBITDA in the first couple of quarters. So I think the right way to look at our 
business is not just on the gross margin, but on the EBITDA margin segment. Because a 
lot of other factors also come into play in terms of delays in usage of the material which 
was contracted earlier.  
Ashmita:  
Sure, sir. Second question would be could you just share the planned capex for the 
brownfield expansion at Naidupeta and the incremental capacity addition? I think I missed 
the last participant's question, I think was related to this.  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala:  
So the incremental capex would be under INR5 crores because a lot of the common 
utilities infrastructure is already in place in Naidupeta and approximately the capacity 
expansion would be for about 4,000 to 5,000 tons approximately.  
Ashmita:  
Okay. And lastly would be could you please provide the details on the volume growth for 
the quarter and 9 months for zinc oxide?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala:  
So as a company policy due to confidentiality reasons, we do not disclose exact volume 
numbers. But I am happy to say that we have registered double-digit volume growth in 
our zinc oxide business in the current period.  
Ashmita: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. That would be it from my side. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Deep Gandhi from Ithought 
Portfolio Management Services. Please go ahead.  
Deep Gandhi:  
Yup, hi sir. Sir, firstly I think you highlighted that there were some kind of inventory gains 
due to zinc price increase. So can you quantify the amount of inventory gain in Q3? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
As I mentioned that the zinc prices rose in Q3, so the inventory gains for that weren't 

JG Chemicals Limited
February 16, 2026
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
really much accrued in Q3. They would rather flow in bit by bit in Q4, I would imagine.  
Deep Gandhi:  
Sure. And sir, just again continuing on this question and talking more about the balance 
sheet. So I mean historically if I see, our cash flow conversion has been quite poor because 
I think our main raw material is zinc whose prices keep are quite volatile. So I mean in 
this environment when the zinc prices have increased quite significantly, so going ahead 
do you think you'll have to increase the quantum of debt in order to manage the working 
capital?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So currently if you see our balance sheet, we have over INR150 crores of cash available, 
cash and cash equivalents in the company. Further, if you see the cash flow generated 
from operations in this particular 9-month period is fairly healthy. So obviously ours is a 
business which requires about 100 days of working capital. 
 
So if we increase our turnover by say INR200 crores, that means we need to have about 
INR60 crores-INR65 crores of incremental working capital. But if we are doing a turnover 
of say INR1,000 crores and with a 11% EBITDA margin, we are more than -- the cash 
flow that is generated from the business is more than sufficient to finance any incremental 
working capital requirement. 
 
So there's absolutely no question of taking on any debt because the company anyway has 
surplus cash and the current cash flows and the future cash flows that we plan to generate 
should more than sufficiently take care of the working capital financing that is required.  
Deep Gandhi:  
Sure sir. And sir coming on to the new plant, can you first highlight what utilization are 
we currently operating at and then maybe I'll ask my other question? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala:  
So currently utilization would be in the late 70s of the achievable capacity and we've 
always mentioned that our target is to be in the 80% to 85% range, 85% to 90% max is 
what we like to do. And that is why as a matter of our prudent strategy, we always believe 
that our capacity expansions and our projects should get commissioned before our 
customers start commencing their new projects.  
 
So we believe that in this current calendar year 2026, we will commission the Dahej plant, 
we will also increase the capacity in Naidupeta. These put together would add a reasonable 
amount of capacity which would cater to the incremental demand from the tire companies 
which will start trickling in large numbers from 2027-2028 onwards.  
Deep Gandhi:  
Sure. And when you mention 80%, 85%, 90%, that is basis the achievable capacity, not 
the name plate, right?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala:  
Yup, absolutely. We are most happy at 80% to 85% achievable capacity utilization; that’s 
for a chemical plant, that is at best one should imagine for efficient running of the plant.  
Deep Gandhi: 
And sir what will be the difference between the name plate and achievable capacity, I 

JG Chemicals Limited
February 16, 2026
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
mean, is there a 15%, 20% gap or how what is the range of that? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
See we handle complex scraps, so this is zinc scrap that we are increasingly using more 
and more of scraps instead of virgin and scraps comes in different qualities etcetera, so 
the chemistry also changes. So 15% is a fair number, 15% to 20% of the name plate, that 
has to be struck off when it comes to running the plant efficiently. 
 
Again, please watch out for efficiency, that is also very important. Because you might go 
up to 90%, 95% but then you lose out on efficiency. We are almost -- we are making more 
than 80 grades. So all this thing combined, I mean we are most happy if the plant runs 
between 80% and 85%.  
Deep Gandhi:  
Sure sir. And sir coming on to the new plant, I mean we are quite near to commissioning 
now. So you might have visibility in terms of how the scale-up will happen for the first 
phase. So if you can broadly guide say in one year, two year how long do you think it will 
take for us to reach full utilization for at least the first phase of the capex and when you 
say it will come in H1 of FY27, will it be say towards the end of Q1, towards the end of 
Q2, any specific timelines you can share?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala:  
I would say the commencement should be in Q2; that's our internal target. And in terms 
of full utilization, I would say about 2 to 2.5 years should be the base case scenario for a 
reasonable utilization and then we'll start the expansion for Phase 2. And some of the 
utilities etcetera common infrastructure which has already been planned keeping in mind 
Phase 1 and Phase 2.  
Deep Gandhi:  
Sure sir. And last question from my side. I mean I think in the budget there was also some 
announcement of removal of duty on import of zinc oxide, so is that even relevant for us 
and do you think that will benefit our business also or are there some provisions which do 
not allow us to take that benefit?  
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala:  So there has been no removal of duty on zinc oxide; there was a removal of duty on zinc 
scrap, zinc scrap which was the last year budget. But that does not really impact us because 
the item that we manufacture is zinc from which we manufacture is zinc dross. We are 
working with the government, there should have been removal of duty also on zinc dross 
because zinc dross is also a form of zinc scrap.  
 
So ideally duty should be removed when the Honorable Finance Minister has announced 
that zinc scrap should no longer attract duty import; it should automatically be extended 
to zinc dross also. We are working with the government to ensure that this is done. As and 
when this is done, obviously this will be beneficial to the company because our raw 
material cost goes down. So it will definitely be a good thing. It should have been done in 
the first place; it has been a slip and now sometimes it takes a little longer to get things 
rectified than one would imagine.  

JG Chemicals Limited
February 16, 2026
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Deep Gandhi: 
Sure, sir. That was helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Hello, good evening sir. Thank you so much for taking my question sir. Firstly 
congratulations on a great set of results. Sir, I'm just a bit new to the company so pardon 
me for some naive questions sir. Sir, just wanted to know in terms of like our performance 
in Q3 we've achieved like I think the highest revenue that we've ever done, but then why 
have we not been able to recreate the EBITDA that we've usually had in the past? So just 
wanted to be able to link that up to like we should get benefits of operating leverage right? 
So how do we reconcile that sir?  
Anuj Jhunjhunwala:  
So you see, as we mentioned, there is a lag effect on inventories which keep flowing in. 
There's domestic material which is purchased, there's imports also. So all this causes some 
impact on the exact translation of a increase in prices, increase in volumes etcetera to the 
bottom line. I think we expect that the margin accretion which we're talking about should 
accrue in Q4. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay fair enough sir. So and just wanted to know sir in terms of FY27 sir you know our 
plant is nearing full utilization. And we'll be commissioning another plant so any kind of 
revenue guidance that you know we can have for FY27 sir? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So you know we mentioned that our internal targets are that every three to four years max 
we want to double our revenues. So last year we closed with about INR857 crores of top 
line. And I think this year our based 9 month revenue is close to INR700 crores. So I think 
we should be closer you know I mean if the same run rate continues we will be definitely 
over INR900 crores, INR950 crores of revenue in this particular financial year. And next 
year also we should be able to increase by a similar number given the growth plans that 
we have and the new products launches that we have in the pipeline. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay fair enough sir. And sir just wanted to know like when we are saying that we want 
to increase our EBITDA going forward sir so the new plant will be catering to more value 
added products that's one of the bigger drivers or what would be the top two drivers of 
you know EBITDA margin sir? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So it will obviously the new plant is you know in Gujarat it has a lot of speciality chemical 
companies. And a lot of speciality customers are located in and around the western region. 
So the new plant would definitely cater to them along with the tyre industry and the 
ceramic industry which is also in close proximity to the Dahej plant. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Dhruvin Kadakia from SKP Securities. 
Dhruvin Kadakia: 
Actually most of my questions have been answered just one question that remains is for 
this year in terms of realization per tons for zinc oxide as well as zinc sulphate what kind 

JG Chemicals Limited
February 16, 2026
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
of growth are we seeing and what kind of growth in realization do we expect in the coming 
years going forward for them? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So you see the realization per ton of zinc oxide is directly related to the prices of zinc on 
the LME. And if you see on the 9 month basis there has not been much change in the price 
of zinc on the LME. If you see the April to December average for 24 and 25 the LME 
average are more or less the same so the average selling price per ton is more or less the 
same for zinc oxide. 
 
Zinc sulphate prices have increased slightly because of increase in the prices of the key 
raw material which is zinc ash and sulphuric acid in the last couple of last three to four 
months these costs have increased. So obviously these have then been passed on to the 
customer and prices the realization per ton of zinc sulphate has increased slightly over a 
9 month period. But I don't have the exact number with me offhand I can share it with you 
offline on zinc sulphate. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Jigna Kaliwada from Coheron Wealth. 
Jigna Kaliwada: 
Yup, I just had a couple of questions. So the first one is that you had mentioned that you 
are looking out for some inorganic acquisitions and you are going to announce relating to 
that in the coming few months. I just wanted to know what is the status of that? And the 
second question… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you ma'am your voice is breaking. 
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: 
Your voice is not clear at all. 
Moderator: 
Jigna can you please re-join the queue? 
Jigna Kaliwada: 
Yup, yup sure. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Dhiral Shah from Phillip Capital. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Yup. Good evening, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So on a YOY basis what is the growth 
that we have seen on the zinc sulphate side? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
On a YOY basis on the zinc sulphate side a growth is about 3% to 4%. 
Dhiral Shah: 
So this is particularly for the Q3? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
I am talking about 9 month basis. 
Dhiral Shah: 
And in  the Q3 sir? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
Q3 would be similar I mean not much different. Maybe a percentage higher or low. I don't 
have the exact number offhand ready but it will be similar. 

JG Chemicals Limited
February 16, 2026
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
But sir any particular reason why we have not able to grow double digit you know on a  
low base? 
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: 
See while the base was low but we must also understand that prior years the zinc sulphate 
market was not good and the last financial was a better year so -- and the company had 
just started that time so we could take advantage of that. Current year the business has not 
grown as we would have expected on the volumes is because with the zinc prices going 
high the farmer community is always a little more sensitive to the zinc prices. And because 
of sulphuric acid and zinc both going up there is obviously a little slowness in demand. 
 
Basically this demand has to come, but it gets pushed. So people tend to push away the 
use of micronutrients like zinc sulphate etcetera. They try to push it that look -- instead of 
putting it now, we may put it after two to three months. So as and when this comes, it will 
be a effect of a pent-up demand coming in, but for the time being we noticed that there 
was a slight slowness in the off-take. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay and sir whatever expansion that we are doing on the Naidupeta side of let's say 5,000 
tons, so this is on the zinc oxide side or zinc sulphate side? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
Currently it's only planned for zinc oxide. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay and sir what is the utilization of zinc sulphate as on date sir? Maybe nine-month 
basis? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
Currently we must be utilized about 60%. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay, and sir, you also mentioned that we are investing on the solar power to increase our 
renewable portion to the overall power cost, so what kind of saving that we might see in 
the coming years, and what is the investment that we are doing on the solar? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So we've invested about INR2.5 crores or so in the first phase of solar power generation. 
This solar power generation is expected to commence this month, and we would be going 
in for future expansion of our solar power generation in both Naidupeta and in the Dahej 
plant. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay, and sir what kind of saving we are expecting from this sir? And how much this will 
cater to our overall power requirement on the renewable side? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So, our renewable power -- the share of renewable power, our target is to go up to about 
55% to 60% in four years' time and with phased investments over the next three to four 
years' time we feel this can be done. And in terms of the saving, I would say based on our 
understanding and our workings, the IRR of a solar power plant basis the current power 
cost etcetera, that we have is close to about 18% to 20%. 
 
So I would say it's a decent investment if we look at it from a return on investment 

JG Chemicals Limited
February 16, 2026
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
perspective; the return on investment is about 18% to 20% per annum. So it's a decent 
saving I would say. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay and sir, what was the contribution on the export side on a nine-month basis as well 
as in Q3? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So export share is about 13% to 14%. I would say give or take 1% on a three-month and 
a nine-month basis. And as we've guided earlier, exports will be in the range of 10% to 
15%. Yes, the base gets higher, so the volume number in exports increases, but we don't 
expect this export share to become 25%-30% in the near future. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay. So that's all from my side. Thank you so much sir. 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kaushal Sharma from Equinox 
Capital Venture Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
Sir, I just have a one follow-up question on your solar project, like, you have put one solar 
project. So what kind of margin improvement from this project and the capex and the size 
of the project in the Phase 1, and we are also putting another Phase 2 project. So what 
amount the capex is required, and how would it impact on our EBITDA margin sir? If 
you please explain it? 
Anuj Jhunjhunwala: 
So I think, I just answered this question that the first phase capex was under INR2.5 crores, 
and we expect that the return on investment on these projects is about 18% to 20%. So I 
think, the incremental profitability per year should be about INR60 to INR70 lakhs per 
year over the next four years, each year. So this will be the incremental profitability 
because of the solar project. I think I just answered this question in detail before this. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
Okay sir got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, 
I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Anirudh Jhunjhunwala: Thank you, Rudra. Thank you to all the participants who have participated in today's 
earnings calls conference. I hope we have been able to answer most of your questions 
satisfactorily, and at the same time offered insights into our business. If you have any 
further questions or you would like to know something more, please reach out to our 
Investor Relation Managers at Valorem Advisors; they would be most pleased to answer 
you. Thank you and thank you once again for joining us today. Have a good day. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PhillipCapital Private Client Group, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
