 
 
Ref: NEPHROPLUS/SE/2025-26/21 
February 18, 2026 
 
To 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544647 
Through: BSE LisƟng Centre 
To 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: NEPHROPLUS 
Through: NEAPS 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Investors’ Conference Call on Q3 & FY26 Financial Results 
Ref.: Regulation 30, 46(2) and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated January 30, 2026 and February 11, 2026, please find 
attached Transcripts of the Investors’ Conference Call held on February 11, 2026 on the 
unaudited standalone and consolidated financial results of the Company for the quarter and 
nine months ended December 31, 2025.  
 
The transcript of the said Conference Call has been uploaded on our website at 
www.nephroplus.com    
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
(Formerly Nephrocare Health Services Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Kishore Kathri 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: F9895 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
Kathri 
Kishore
Digitally signed by 
Kathri Kishore 
Date: 2026.02.18 
17:18:47 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“Nephrocare Health Services Limited Q3 and 9 Months 
FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 11th February 2026 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIKRAM VUPPALA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, NEPHROCARE HEALTH SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. KAMAL SHAH – CO-FOUNDER, NEPHROCARE 
HEALTH SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT SINGH – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, NEPHROCARE HEALTH SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. PRASHANT GOENKA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, NEPHROCARE HEALTH SERVICES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. GAURAV TINANI – AMBIT CAPITAL PRIVATE 
LIMITED 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will welcome you all to Q3 and 9 months FY ‘26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Nephrocare Health Services Limited hosted by Ambit Capital. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements do not guarantee the future performance of the company and may involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Gaurav Tinani from Ambit Capital. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Gaurav Tinani: 
Thank you. Good day, everyone. On behalf of Ambit Capital, I welcome you all to the Q3 and 
9 Months FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call of Nephrocare Health Services Limited. 
We are pleased to have with us the Management represented by Mr. Vikram Vuppala - the 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Kamal Shah - the Co-Founder; Mr. Rohit Singh - Group 
Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Prashant Goenka - Group Chief Financial Officer. 
We will have the opening remarks from the Management followed by a question-and-answer 
session. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vikram Vuppala: 
Thank you, Gaurav. Good evening, everyone. Thanks for joining this call. This is our first 
Earnings Call. I would also like to thank all our guests, teammates, shareholders, and partners 
enabling us to list on December 17th on the Indian Stock Exchanges and for their continued trust 
and confidence in NephroPlus. 
Since this is a maiden call, I would want to spend some time on the Indian Healthcare industry, 
dialysis market at a macro level, and also key insights about our company itself. Later, our senior 
leadership team will share more details, including the Q3 FY ‘26 and 9-month FY ‘26 
operational and financial highlights. Post that, we will open the floor for a Q&A session. 
Speaking on the India Healthcare industry, it operates through a complex interplay between 
public and private sectors, with service delivery historically dominated by private service 
providers and financed largely through out-of-pocket expenditure. Good news is that in recent 
years, Government has increased healthcare spending as a percentage of GDP, helping to reduce 
financial vulnerability among households. Beyond traditional hospitals, the private sector is 
increasingly driving the evolution of India’s healthcare delivery through rapid growth in non-
hospital settings, such as diagnostic labs, single-specialty clinics such as dialysis, IVF, oncology, 
home healthcare, and telemedicine platforms. This shift reflects a broader move toward more 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
accessible, specialized, and cost-efficient care models. Single-specialty providers have evolved 
from small hospital settings more towards clinic-based models, as many high-frequency 
procedures with low complication risk can effectively be managed outside a tertiary care hospital 
setting. The transition from an unorganized to an organized market, coupled with scalable 
business model and strong unit economics, has significantly accelerated the growth of single-
specialty providers. Key growth drivers for single-specialty include superior clinical expertise, 
enhanced patient experience, improved affordability, better access, and also rapid adoption of 
technology. 
Now, let me spend some time on the Dialysis business itself: 
Rising NCDs, non-communicable diseases such as diabetes and hypertension, are causing 
increasing incidence of Chronic Kidney Disease, which is called CKD, globally. If CKD is not 
managed well, overtime it leads to the last stage of CKD, which is called Stage 5, also called 
End-Stage Renal Disease, which means both the kidneys have failed completely. At that time, 
you either require a dialysis to survive or a transplant. Dialysis just replicates kidney function. 
It removes excess fluids from the body, and also it removes toxins from the bloodstream. 
Now, Dialysis business has many unique characteristics, and hence it is needed to understand it 
separately, rather than grouping it among other healthcare service providers. Five distinct 
characteristics of this business are: 
1. 
Each dialysis session lasts 4.5 hours, including the actual session time of 4 hours and 
the pre- and post-treatment time. And dialysis clinics can only offer 3 sessions per day 
per machine, morning session, afternoon session, and evening session. Hence, it is a 
fixed capacity business, almost like airlines, which have fixed number of seats on a 
plane. The only major way to grow this business is to keep adding seats or capacity, 
and that is how all the global dialysis networks have grown across the world. 
2. 
Dialysis is a life-sustaining chronic treatment that our guests need 3 times a week. 
Hence, proximity to their home is very important, and hence it requires a widely 
distributed network with small to medium clinics to take the treatment closer to 
patients’ homes. As real estate in any clinic is limited, the only major way to increase 
capacity is to add new clinics to any dialysis network. While airlines will be happy 
with 100% utilization, dialysis clinics cannot go beyond 85% as we need to keep some 
spare capacity for patients coming in breathless and requiring urgent dialysis. 
3. 
Globally, Dialysis is a reimbursed business, as it is very expensive. Three times a week 
at a $20 price point translates to roughly 2.5 lakhs per year for every patient in India, 
which excludes other hospitalization costs, medication costs, and various laboratory 
costs for these patients. India operates at the lowest price point in the world, while 
middle-income markets operate at 5-7x our price, and developed world operates at 10-
20 times our price. Across the world, hence, dialysis treatment is reimbursed by either 
insurance or some form of government payment. Even today in India, more than 30% 
of the patients pay out-of-pocket, which becomes quite a significant burden on their 
families. 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
4. 
Unlike other single-specialty businesses, dialysis is a monoline business. For 
everyone, anyone with kidney failure, it is a standardized single line of treatment that 
lends itself to scaling in a distributed network fashion. Unlike others, paramedical staff 
play a much bigger role in dialysis service, rather than super-specialists like 
nephrologists, which again lends itself to scaling to Tier-2, Tier-3 markets, where 
nephrologists’ availability is very limited. 
5. 
Any dialysis network requires massive scale and complete 100% operational focus to 
achieve sustainable margins in this business. We, in fact, were EBITDA negative for 
11 years as we scaled aggressively to reach that critical mark after which the operating 
leverage started to kick in. At small scale, no one can make decent margins regardless 
of price point, as it is a high-fixed-cost business. Also, there are so many cost items in 
a dialysis service. If 100% focus is not provided, there will be many leakages which 
will reduce the margin significantly. 
Now, let me talk about NephroPlus specifics: 
NephroPlus was founded 16 years ago by Kamal Shah and me to truly redefine dialysis care in 
India. As Co-Founder himself is on dialysis for the last 28 plus years, we understand customer 
needs, wants, and wishes better than any other dialysis network in the world. In 2010, dialysis 
was almost like a death sentence wherein nephrologists would just ask patients to settle their 
financial matters, ask them not to work, ask them not to travel. Average life expectancy was less 
than one year. Kamal and I, we truly wanted to change the way dialysis was done. We figured 
out a way to eliminate cross-infections in dialysis which would otherwise affect one-third of the 
patients on dialysis. These cross-infections were Hepatitis C, Hepatitis B, or HIV. We also 
wanted that truly patient-centric care based on Kamal’s own experiences was provided in every 
single NephroPlus Clinic. Every clinic was designed with cheerful interiors, Wi-Fi access, 
certified paramedical staff, and with the staff who genuinely cared for our guests’ wellbeing. 
We started as a standalone dialysis network in Hyderabad with our first 2 clinics in 2010, but 
then realized Indian market was not yet ready for outpatient standalone clinics. We understood 
that people with kidney failure, while they are severely immunocompromised, the Government 
still did not recognize standalones at that time, and hence, dialysis routinely was almost always 
performed inside hospital settings in India. While this is not true for the rest of the world, 
throughout the world, other than India and Indonesia, dialysis is performed in a standalone 
outpatient setting, whereas in India, it slowly, over the next 5-10 years, it will convert into 
standalones, and hopefully so with Indonesia. When hospitals started asking us to manage their 
dialysis departments that is when in 2011, we pivoted to a captive or shop-in-shop model, 
wherein we started partnering with hospitals in a mutually beneficial revenue share model. 
Now, historically, hospitals used to run dialysis departments on their own in India. Why would 
they want to partner with us? As mentioned earlier, you require massive scale in dialysis and 
100% focus in dialysis to generate sustainable margins in this business. Massive scale is needed 
for four reasons. One, to derive synergies from procurement of specialized equipment and 
consumables. Two, build capacity to recruit large number of specialized paramedical staff, like 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
nurses and technicians. Three, to have your own in-house biomedical team to optimize your 
biomedical costs, which can get very expensive. Four, to develop technology products to monitor 
quality and overall operations in a widely distributed network setting. 
Now, hospitals, due to their very low scale in dialysis service, do not make any margin, and 
hence it is not their focus. Their profit drivers will be much more Acute Care departments, like 
the way we say CONGO, Cardiac, Ortho, Neuro, Gastro, Onco, rather than routine dialysis 
service. But then why do hospitals in India offer dialysis services? Because the nephrologists 
want a large dialysis unit for their practice, and also because hospitals make good returns from 
adjacencies of dialysis service, such as transplants, ICU admissions, lab investigations, 
pharmacy sales, and fistula procedures. But hospitals should ideally be focusing on Complex 
Acute Care and not a Maintenance Dialysis Care. 
Now, hospitals can still get these margins from the stated adjacencies if they partner with 
NephroPlus. As NephroPlus team delivers great clinical outcomes and service levels, and 
dialysis volume grows significantly, the adjacencies value also grows commensurately for the 
hospital. Now, this model is proven in India with as close as 300 private hospitals, including 
majority of the large hospital chains having partnered with NephroPlus to run their dialysis 
departments. But even now, in India, 80% of the dialysis market is unorganized, which means 
hospitals are running in 80% of the clinics’ dialysis departments on their own. This unorganized 
market is slowly and surely getting converted to organized market, and this trend will continue 
over the next 10, 20, 30 years. 
Now, identifying this as a trend, NephroPlus undertook measured expansion across India with 
our hospital partners. After our expansion in Hyderabad, we expanded to other cities in South 
India first, and then North India, and later in West India, and finally in East India. And now, we 
are catering with hospital partners across 25 states and more than 290 cities across in a pan-India 
format. 
Secondly, we also have forayed into public-private partnership projects, PPPs, across 4 states, 
namely Andhra, Bihar, Uttarakhand, and Karnataka. Across all healthcare PPPs, dialysis PPPs 
have been the most successful projects in India so far. Government has realized that it cannot 
provide dialysis services very efficiently. Think of Air India, just to get the picture. And it has 
realized that there should only be a payer and regulator in this service, wherein private partner 
brings scale and efficiency, along with expertise for the benefit of co-operations. It is a single 
line of treatment for every single patient, so billing is very straightforward and verifiable. We at 
NephroPlus are very selective about which PPPs we participate. We did only 4 PPPs in the last 
16 years. So every few years, we come across a very good PPP, we participate and try to win. 
Majority of the PPPs, we bid, but we lose, because our price point is higher, because our quality 
is better. This has been beneficial for us too, as we get good volume and good contribution 
margins, which feeds into our efficiency engine. 
Then came international expansion in 2020. In early 2020, when Kamal and I were thinking 
about next wave of growth at NephroPlus, we realized that we could either grow vertically into 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
other adjacencies of dialysis, or grow horizontally in dialysis into other countries. We realized 
that we have become very good at dialysis, and we wanted to double down on it, as globally it 
is an $80 plus billion market, and expand into other geographies. We explored Southeast Asia, 
Middle East, to begin with, found Philippines to be a decent market, entered it with a small 
acquisition, and then kept on growing over the last 5 plus years. Today, in 5 years, we have 
become the third largest network there, which puts us in a strong leadership position, and we 
may be getting into number 1 position in the next few years. 
In 2022, we won a good dialysis PPP project in Uzbekistan, which the Ministry of Health floated 
there, which was a global tender, and it has been a good ROCE accretive project for us. Two 
years ago, we created a JV in Saudi Arabia to set up our operations there. Currently, it is in an 
investment phase, but over the next several quarters, Saudi Arabia will start generating topline 
and bottom-line for us. With high realizations in these international markets, we have 
substantially increased our revenue per treatment, while maintaining decent margins and 
accretive ROCEs due to our India platform. Going forward, we will continue to be 100% focused 
on the dialysis market without any distractions, and go deeper into existing geographies via 
organic and inorganic expansion, and explore newer geographies to expand our global presence. 
Our growth will come from 3 drivers: 
1. 
Existing clinics ramp up on a little bit of volume, a little bit of price, wherever possible, 
and this growth is fairly predictable in nature. 
2. 
Roll-ups of clinics in existing countries. This is a lumpy business but is reasonably 
predictable on an annual basis. 
3. 
Most importantly, foray into new countries or do large acquisitions for PPP projects, 
for which we cannot put a timeline, and hence is not predictable at all. 
On this backdrop, speaking of our guidance going forward, we will want to maintain a revenue 
CAGR guidance of 15%-20% over a period of 3-4 years. We cannot give any guidance for the 
short-term or an annual basis. The third growth driver, which I mentioned before, is a big needle 
mover for us, but is quite unpredictable. In a particular year, we may have solid growth from the 
third growth driver. Next year, we may not, but overall on a steady state basis, we should be 
growing revenue at a CAGR of 15%-20% over a period of 3-4 years. We hence will not be giving 
any annual guidance. At this scale, we are gaining operating leverage and we will continue 
expanding over the coming years. In parallel, we are investing significantly in technology to 
drive efficiencies across NephroPlus, while continuing to unlock deeper synergies from these 
investments. Despite progress, large proportion of dialysis patients, particularly in emerging 
markets, still lack access to quality care. Over the past 16 years, NephroPlus has worked to close 
this gap to a strong focus on patient-centric care, clinical excellence, and expanded access in 
Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities. 
Looking ahead, we remain firmly committed with singular focus to our vision of enabling people 
on dialysis worldwide to lead long, happy, and productive lives. Our journey has just begun. 
Now, you must have seen strong results in Q3 FY ‘26, and 9-month FY ‘26 that we published 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
last night. We had a few favorable drivers, such as Philippines’ price increase in October 24, and 
also a few acquisitions we did in the Philippines. And the recent CGHS price increase in India 
also helped. Please do not expect such kind of growth in future results too. And as I said, expect 
15%-20% revenue CAGR over 3-4 years’ time period. That is the right way to look at our 
business. 
I now request our Co-Founder – Kamal Shah for his opening remarks. Over to you, Kamal. 
Kamal Shah: 
Thank you so much, Vikram, for that good overview of the industry and dialysis ecosystems. 
Just a little bit about me and what sets NephroPlus apart from the others. I am a dialysis patient, 
and I have been on dialysis for more than 28 years now. I lead a completely normal life. I work 
full-time, exercise every morning, travel extensively. I have been through all modalities that a 
patient with kidney failure undergoes. 
Now, kidney transplant is the ideal solution for kidney failure. Unfortunately, worldwide, there 
is an acute shortage of organs, and very few people actually end up getting a kidney transplant. 
The rest have to undergo dialysis. Recognizing this profound need and the significant gap 
between supply and the need for good quality care, Vikram and I founded NephroPlus, a truly 
patient-centric dialysis network where patients are placed at the center of our universe. In India 
and much of the world, there is a misconception that once somebody gets on to dialysis, it is 
pretty much the end of life as they know it. Life gets reduced to going for dialysis, returning 
home, and lying on the bed until the next dialysis session. Our belief is somewhat different. If 
we could deliver high-quality dialysis consistently and with empathy, our patients could get their 
lives back. They would be able to lead normal lives, that is work, exercise, travel, and have fun. 
One of the most important decisions we made at that point was to stop calling the people we 
serve as patients and instead call them guests. The word patient we felt had a negative 
connotation. When you hear the word patient, the image that probably comes to your mind is 
one of a bedridden sick individual. But dialysis patients need not be like that. We wanted a more 
positive word to be brought in, and the word guest tied in beautifully to our Indian culture of 
Atithi Devo Bhava. When we opened our first center in 2010, the response from our guests was 
overwhelmingly positive. They felt cared for, respected, and supported, and they deeply 
appreciated the quality of care we provided and continue to provide. Over the years, NephroPlus 
has grown and evolved to become Asia’s largest dialysis service provider, and we will continue 
to grow. Yet, one thing remains unchanged and will never change, and that is our guest-centric 
approach. Thank you. 
Rohit Singh: 
Thank you, Kamal. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to NephroPlus’ First Earning Call. 
We are pleased to report strong performance, with the revenue growing 32% year-on-year in 
Quarter 3 and 37% in the 9-month Financial Year ‘26. Adjusted profit after tax increased by 
71% in Q3 and 103% in 9 months this Financial Year. We are encouraged by our ability to 
sustain this growth momentum over the years and through the current 9-month period. 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
To begin with, I would like to spend some time on the Indian Dialysis Industry and key trends. 
Chronic Kidney Disease, CKD, prevalence in India is estimated at 8.7%, affecting nearly 12.4 
crore people as of 2024. However, diagnosis remains extremely low, with only 7% of the patients 
identified, highlighting a significant need for greater awareness and screening. Among 
diagnosed patients, approximately 42 lakhs had ESRD, End-Stage Renal Disease, in 2024. Yet, 
only 3 lakhs received dialysis, indicating a large underserved market. Dialysis demand is 
growing rapidly. The number of dialysis patients is projected to increase by approximately 3 
lakhs in 2024 to 5.2 lakhs by 2029. It is a CAGR of 12.7%. With over 3 lakh new ESRD patients 
every year, and only 5,000 dialysis clinics nationwide, capacity remains inadequate and 
unevenly distributed. At NephroPlus, we identified these gaps early and have systematically 
scaled our network through standalone clinics, public-private partnership contracts, and captive 
clinics within the hospital partnerships. This structured approach has enabled us to address 
unmet demand and improve access to high-quality dialysis care nationwide. 
Now, let me share some perspective on how the dialysis segment has evolved in the developed 
markets. In developed markets, dialysis evolved from a hospital-based service to predominantly 
a standalone clinic model in the 1980s, driven by limited hospital real estate, lower set-up cost, 
thus faster scalability, and a dialysis-specific manpower-led delivery model. Today, over 65% 
of new dialysis patients in developed economies are treated in standalone clinics, supported by 
insurance coverage and technological advances that enable monitoring of network-level clinical 
outcomes. The sector has also consolidated, with large players such as DaVita, Fresenius 
Medical Care, acquiring smaller providers. 
In contrast, dialysis in India remains largely fragmented. As the market matures, with rising 
incidence, deeper insurance penetration, and greater government funding, it is expected to shift 
towards organized dialysis-focused clinics. NephroPlus is well positioned to benefit from this 
transition and the long-term goals for the opportunity. Speaking of NephroPlus and strategies 
ahead, we have built a strong brand and leading presence in India and the markets that we operate 
in. We are approximately 50% of the organized market share in India. Going forward, our 
strategy is to grow and further cement our leadership position. 
As Vikram mentioned, our growth will come from 3 drivers and allow me to elaborate on them: 
1. 
First, ramp up volumes and capacity at our existing clinics. This growth is relatively 
predictable, as patients require scheduled weekly treatments. By expanding capacity 
and growing our patient base, and by implementing a modest price increase, we can 
further strengthen our business performance. 
2. 
Second, roll up of our new clinics in our existing markets. In India, we will deepen 
our presence by expanding our footprints through the takeover of existing clinics, 
which we call the Brownfield clinics, and selectively setting up new Greenfield set 
facilities. Internationally, we will continue to strengthen our presence in markets such 
as the Philippines and Uzbekistan. In short span, we have become the third largest 
player in Philippines, and we plan to further densify our network through new clinic 
openings and targeted acquisitions of local providers. In Uzbekistan, due to our strong 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
stakeholder relationships and operation expertise, we have secured approval from the 
Ministry of Health to expand capacity by opening two new small clinics in 
Karakalpakstan region. Our ability to replicate a lean cost structure at scale and to 
deliver operational efficiencies position us well for strong profitability with operating 
leverage expected to improve further as revenues grow. 
3. 
The third, big growth lever is acquisition of large network or a sizable PPP or a new 
market entry. We cannot predict the timelines for these, but NephroPlus is actively 
engaged in markets and has demonstrated success in this category as well. Our country 
selection framework is centered on four key criteria. Demand, depth and scale, 
ensuring sufficient patient volume for operation efficiency and faster breakeven, 
policy and reimbursement visibility with a clear preference for markets that have 
established reimbursement mechanism and government or insurance supported 
dialysis program. Third, political and regulatory stability, focusing on regions with 
predictable healthcare regulations and long-term policy continuity. 
4. 
Fourth, repatriation clarity, ensuring transparent and efficient framework for cash flow 
repatriation back to India. Lastly, on business continuity and predictability, our 
business model provides a good degree of visibility into revenue growth and 
profitability. Based on our existing bed capacity, patient pool and rising treatment 
volumes across the current network, we can forecast next quarter’s revenue with 
reasonable certainty. The primary source of variability stems from the timing of new 
capacity additions. However, once these assets are part of the network, our historical 
experience indicates strong performance. That said, while we have clear annual 
targets, confidence in the clinic roll-up strategy, planned capacity additions, visibility 
at the quarter level still remains limited. As a result, there can be spillovers in 
execution from one quarter to the next. Therefore, it is prudent to view our 
performance on an annualized basis rather than a quarterly basis. 
As stated, the most uncertain aspect of our growth is acquiring a large network, securing sizable 
PPP or entering a new geography, given regulatory constraints and market understanding. 
However, once we acquire or establish operations, we are highly confident in our ability to 
transition, scale and achieve profitability overtime, an outcome we have demonstrated in the 
Philippines and Uzbekistan. International revenues now contribute approximately 41% of the 
total revenue in the 9-month period of Financial Year ‘26, up from 12% in Financial Year ‘23. 
This growth underscores our ability to leverage India’s platform in higher-priced geographies. 
With this, I hand over the call to Mr. Prashant Goenka - Group Chief Financial Officer, who will 
take you through the operational and financial performance before we move on to the question-
and-answer round. Thank you. 
Prashant Goenka: 
Thank you, Rohit. A very warm welcome to everyone. I will now take you through our 
performance and our journey over the years, explained through key operational and financial 
metrics. 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
On the operational front, in a Dialysis business, the most critical metric to track is patient 
volumes. Patient volumes are the single most important driver of scale, operating leverage, and 
ultimately return on capital employed for the business. If you look at the historical trajectory, 
patient volumes have demonstrated healthy and consistent growth. Between FY ‘23 and FY ‘25, 
patient volumes grew at a healthy CAGR of around 20%, increasing from 22,890 patients to 
33,076 patients. This momentum has continued into the current year. On a 9-month FY ‘26 basis, 
patient volumes stood at over36,550, compared to 31,657 in 9 month FY ‘25, reflecting a year-
on-year growth of 15%. 
Moving to treatment volumes, which represent the total number of dialysis sessions performed 
during a period, we have seen a similar upward trend. Treatments increased from 2.3 million in 
FY ‘23 to 3.3 million in FY ‘25, reflecting our expanding network and higher utilization. During 
Q3 FY ‘26, treatment volumes stood at 0.98 million, compared to 0.84 million in Q3 FY ‘25, a 
growth of 17.7%. On a 9-month FY ‘26 basis, treatments reached 2.85 million, up from 2.43 
million in 9-month FY ‘25, registering a 17% year-on-year growth. 
Now, coming to revenue per treatment or RPT, this metric has been a key value driver for us. 
The primary factor influencing RPT growth has been our increasing penetration into 
international markets, which typically operates at significantly higher price points compared to 
India. Over the years, as we have added new geographies and scaled existing operations, this has 
translated into a steady improvement in RPT. RPT increased from Rs. 1,912 in FY ‘23 to Rs. 
2,275 in FY ‘25, representing a 9% growth over the period. This trend has further strengthened 
in FY ‘26. In Q3 FY ‘26, RPT stood at Rs. 2,642, marking a 12% growth over the corresponding 
quarter last year. 
On a 9-month FY ‘26 basis, RPT improved to Rs. 2,574, reflecting a strong 17% year-on-year 
increase. Overall, the combination of these three operating metrics, which is steady patient 
additions, higher treatment volume, and improved revenue per treatment, continues to strengthen 
our RPT and reinforces our confidence in the long-term scalability and the returns profile of the 
business. 
Now, coming to the financial performance of the company: 
Over the years, we have steadily scaled our operations across multiple formats and geographies. 
This has meaningfully improved our market penetration and is clearly reflected in our financials. 
If we look at our historical performance, the growth has been consistent. Between FY ‘23 and 
FY ‘25, our revenues increased 1.8 times, rising from Rs. 437 crores to Rs. 733 crores. This 
scale-up has enabled significant operating leverage, resulting in a healthy improvement in 
profitability. EBITDA grew 3.5 times, from Rs. 49 crores in FY ‘23 to Rs. 167 crores in FY ‘25, 
accounting for an expansion from 11.1% to 22%. 
On the bottom-line, the improvement has been equally noteworthy. Profit after tax improved 
from a loss of Rs. 12 crores in FY ‘23 to a profit of Rs. 67 crores in FY ‘25, marking a clear 
turnaround in the business and beginning of an inflection point. Overall, this financial trajectory 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
reflects the benefits of scale, operating discipline and our diversified operating model and it 
provides a strong foundation for the next phase of the growth. 
Speaking of our Q3 and 9-month FY ‘26 performance, we delivered healthy growth across all 
key financial metrics. Revenues continue to scale meaningfully. In Q3 FY ‘26, revenue increased 
to Rs. 260 crores from Rs. 197 crores in Q3 FY ‘25, reflecting a 32% year-on-year growth. For 
the 9-month ended FY ‘26, revenue grew to Rs. 733 crores compared to Rs. 537 crores, 
registering a healthy 37% growth. EBITDA performance also remained robust, driven by 
operating leverage and improved scale. 
On a Q3 basis, our adjusted EBITDA, which excludes the expenses related to Saudi operations, 
stood at Rs. 63 crores in Q3 FY ‘26 compared to Rs. 44 crores in Q3 FY ‘25, representing a 
43.1% year-on-year growth. The adjusted EBITDA margin also expanded to 24.3% up from 
22.4% in the same period last year. 
For the 9-month period, adjusted EBITDA excluding Saudi expenses increased to Rs. 175 crores 
from Rs. 115 crores, reflecting a 52% growth. The margins also improved from 23.9% to 21.5%. 
Profitability at the bottom-line also showed improvement. In Q3 FY ‘26, adjusted PAT was Rs. 
34 crores with a margin of 13% compared to Rs. 20 crores and 10% margin in Q3 FY ‘25. For 
the 9-month, adjusted PAT increased to Rs. 86 crores with a margin of 12% compared to Rs. 42 
crores and 7.9% margin in 9-month FY ‘25, representing a strong 103.3% year-on-year growth. 
Now, one thing to note here, the adjusted PAT in 9-month FY ‘26 includes two things. First, we 
have excluded Rs.37.2 crores finance cost which came due to a CCPS conversion done before 
the IPO. This conversion is a non-cash item, notional in nature and one-time. We have also 
excluded Rs. 2.2 crore of Saudi expenses which is currently in the setup phase and does not 
contribute to the operating income. 
Now, coming to the balance sheet side of things, return on capital employed is the most relevant 
metric for evaluating our business as it captures both operating performance and the capital 
intensity of the model, including account receivable, which are structurally higher in our 
business and therefore, ROCE serves as our primary filter for all capital allocation decisions. 
This disciplined capital allocation has already been translated into a meaningful improvement in 
ROCE from 10% in FY ‘24 to 18.7% in FY ‘25. Building on this trajectory, annualized ROCE 
supported by continued discipline in capital deployment is expected to be 24.7% in FY ‘26, 
improving from 18.7% in FY ‘25. 
Coming to the cash and the debt side of things, net debt remained negative at Rs. 283.6 crore as 
of 9-month FY ‘26, reflecting a healthy surplus cash position that positions us well to fund our 
expansion strategy. We maintain a very strong owner’s mindset with a consistent focus on cash 
conversion. This is reflected in our cash flow to EBITDA conversion of 65%operating cash flow 
of Rs. 153 crores. Overall, if you look at the result, it reflects disciplined execution and capital 
allocation. With meaningful headroom in the global dialysis market, we remain focused on 
scaling responsibly, maintaining cash discipline and supporting sustainable long-term growth. 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
With this, I will open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sakshi Pratap from Wise Investments. Please proceed. 
Sakshi Pratap: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I truly appreciate the company you have built 
in the healthcare space. Sir, my question is that you are present in the international markets and 
I assume we have been able to generate healthier margins compared to the local players in that 
geography. So if you could throw some light on what edge does NephroPlus have over the local 
players to generate such healthy margins? 
Vikram Vuppala: 
Yes, thanks for the question. I think this reflects the platform that we have built in India over the 
last 16 years, right, Sakshi? Wherein, when we operated at $20 price point in India, which is the 
world’s lowest, we did not have any luxury of any inefficiency in the way we operate. So we 
have looked at each and every single cost item and optimized it very well, and with scale it 
further continues to be optimized. There are four levers, I would say, that help us create this 
India platform play. First lever is efficient cost structure for the consumables. In the emerging 
markets, consumables is the biggest cost item in dialysis service. So we have done multiple 
things, such as negotiating with the global suppliers directly instead of distributors. We have 
figured out how to optimally consume material in each of these line items. Thirdly, we have also 
started doing contract manufacturing of some of the low-complexity consumables. That is lever 
number one. Lever number two is we have figured out the optimal human resource staffing 
strategy, wherein we have set up training academies in every country that we operate. For 
example, in India, we have 10 academies across the country, which constantly create fresh 
paramedical staff that gets absorbed in our own network. Now, with this efficient inflow of junior 
therapists, we manage the pyramid in each of our dialysis clinics optimally, wherein people who 
do not get promoted over a long period of time will move to the other players, other dialysis 
networks, while the pyramid is optimally maintained. And thirdly, the biomedical team that we 
have built in-house has significantly helped us reduce the biomedical cost. Compared to taking 
CMCs and AMCs from the manufacturers who are aligned towards larger repairs, more 
expensive repairs, we invest in preventive maintenance of our equipment. We figure out what is 
the most optimal repair that we need to do. We are using the spare parts we have in our 
warehouses. Thirdly, we also figured out how to revamp the machines to extend the life of the 
machines by another 3-4 years compared to the market. The fourth lever in the India platform 
story is the optimal usage of technology to reduce the overheads to manage a distributed 
network, be it overseeing quality, overseeing operations, overseeing financial audits. All these 
levers we have optimized to have the much lesser overhead compared to other networks. These 
are the four levers, Sakshi. Hope this is helpful for your understanding. 
Sakshi Pratap: 
Yes, thank you so much for your detailed answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhav Marda from FIL Industries. Please 
proceed. 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
Madhav Marda: 
Hi, good evening. Thank you so much for your time. My first question was on the Saudi business. 
Great to see that I think we have already got a contract. They are about to win a contract. Could 
you give some sense in terms of how that ramps up for us and how the business will shape up in 
the next 2-3 years? 
Rohit Singh: 
Thank you, Madhav. We entered Saudi market 2 years ago in a joint venture with a publicly 
listed company, Tibbiyah. Over the time period, we have formed the company. We have 
established a team there. And then now, as we speak, we have also signed up a captive unit with 
a partner hospital called Riyadh Hospital. And at the moment, as we speak, we are in the license-
acquiring stage for that unit. So once we acquire the license, we will be demonstrating our 
capabilities in that country. And then eventually you would expect the business to grow. And so 
Saudi to me is a couple of quarters from now. We would see this investment that we have done 
for the past 2 years will start translating into some revenue. 
Madhav Marda: 
That is quite positive. So any sort of broad sense in terms of the next couple of years, how many 
patients, how many guests that we could target in the Saudi market? Any broad sense would be 
helpful? 
Rohit Singh: 
So Madhav, as I said that we are at a stage of first establishing and starting our operations there. 
So once we have executed, demonstrated our service there, then only we would have a visibility 
of any other aspect there. 
Madhav Marda: 
Understood. And the other question I had was in terms of the growth guidance that we have 
given, so the new guidance is well-received, 15%-20%. On the margin side, next couple of years, 
I think we’re already at 24.3%, like you said, adjusted for the cost for Saudi. Can margins 
directionally move higher? Even if you are not giving a quantitative guidance yet, should we 
assume some improvement in margins in the next couple of years? 
Vikram Vuppala: 
Yes, Madhav, this is Vikram. Essentially, the margins will be in that kind of level, right. If you 
open a new geography, then the first year of that new geography may pull down the margin by 
a percent or 150 basis points. But as the volume increases in existing geographies, the operating 
leverage kicks in. So reasonably healthy in that range is what I would say. 
Madhav Marda: 
So you think with this current margins that we have, we should stay in that range given we will 
be making some investments for new geography? 
Vikram Vuppala: 
Yes, roughly in that range, I would say, depending on how much new geography pans out, the 
initial investments or the initial time period that we need to invest there to get to steady state. 
But in that ballpark, it is a good way to look at it. 
Madhav Marda: 
Sir, just last question from my side, like in terms of the incremental growth that we expect in the 
next few years, the 15%-20%, do we expect more of the incremental growth to come from the 
international markets or the India market? Or will they grow at a similar pace in the next 2-3 
years? 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
Rohit Singh: 
Madhav, Rohit here. As we mentioned that you have seen the trend that in Financial Year ‘23, 
our international business contributed close to 12%. And now, for these 9 months of FY ‘26, it 
is already 41%. So we expect this to be inching up slowly, again, depending on the geography 
and the quantum that we do. So it would be hard to kind of look at the ratio. But I think we have 
already kind of had a decent increase in this blend. But the next will be the factor of any other 
geography that you open up. But we are positive of increasing our footprints in the existing 
places that we are already operating on. 
Madhav Marda: 
So the only reason I am asking is if the international mix for us naturally moves higher in the 
next couple of years that should anyway be margin accretive for the business, right? Because 
international is a higher margin business. So that should have the blended margin profiles for 
the business, right? 
Rohit Singh: 
Yes, we would want to believe so. But again, that is a factor of which market we enter into, what 
is the cost structure and how things are. So it is very hard to predict as of now. But as we take 
any step, we will kind of be able to give more light to that. But having said so, as Prashant has 
mentioned, all our decisions would be based on the ROCE factor, that any investment that we 
do would be ROCE accretive and we will be conscious of that fact. 
Madhav Marda: 
Got it. So can I ask one last question on the capital allocation? Maybe next 1 year or 2 years, 
how much do we expect to invest organically? And on the inorganic side as well, if there is any 
framework that you could share, that would be great? Thank you. 
Prashant Goenka: 
Yes. Hi, Madhav. This is Prashant Goenka here. I think as Vikram and Rohit mentioned, we are 
very focused on one metric, which is ROCE, because ROCE accounts for all the capital that gets 
allocated and along with that working capital and AR cycle. So when we look at the projects, 
we very closely look at the ROCE profile and at a portfolio level, at a platform level, we try to 
get into projects which are ROCE accretive in nature. So that has been the nature of our focus 
for the last many years and that will remain the focus going forward. In terms of the capital 
expenditure, we typically invest anywhere between Rs. 100-Rs. 125 crores historically and like 
Vikram and Rohit mentioned, it is difficult to predict the future, but that is the historical number. 
Madhav Marda: 
Got it. Thank you so much and congratulations on your good start to this journey. Thank you. 
Vikram Vuppala: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devang Patel from Sameeksha Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Devang Patel: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for your extensive comments initially. My first question was on the 13% 
growth in revenue per treatment that we had in Q3 Y-o-Y. Could you break that down into how 
much of that comes from price hikes we have got in different geographies and how much of that 
has come because of the exchange? 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Rohit Singh: 
So Devang, Rohit here. Thanks for the question. As we said that we have had an increase in the 
proportion of international revenue to 41% here. So that has translated to higher RPTs. But at 
the same time, India also, we have been very conscious in selecting projects where the RPTs are 
at a company average range. So at NephroPlus, we look at a blended RPT because that is the 
approach, it is a platform play. We don’t break it as per geography or the regions. So probably 
in a short to medium term, one lever would play. And then a second phase could be another lever 
playing in. But largely, the balance will be maintained. Hence, we would look at a platform 
level. 
Devang Patel: 
Could you give guidance on what kind of growth one can expect over 3 years within the 15%-
20% revenue growth that you mentioned? 
Rohit Singh: 
So RPT, typically, we would be very hard to comment because Dialysis as a business has a very 
lumpy price increases wherever geographies that we operate on. So once the price is increased, 
stays there for some time, insurances or government as a payer, only cash area is where we have 
leverage of increasing. So it is a lumpy price increase. Hence, it is difficult for us to predict that 
what will be the RPT change in the coming years. But as I said, typically, we would be conscious 
of any new geographies that we open up and that will also have an impact on the overall network 
level RPT. 
Devang Patel: 
Secondly, for Saudi Arabia, you mentioned average treatment cost is $300. But it is also a shop-
in-shop model with the revenue share. So both things considered, is that geography going to be 
margin accretive for us versus what other international geographies make on a steady state? 
Rohit Singh: 
So good question. Again, any geography that we enter to, the basic fundamentals remain in 
place, right. So if we have decided to go or partner with any hospital, it has obviously cleared 
the internal thresholds to be starting operations there. So I can give that comfort that it has cleared 
internal thresholds. But having said so, given it is that first center, and there are significant 
amount of investments in the team building that we have done there. So the real play that we 
will see would be a few quarters ahead and we will get more clarity as we demonstrate our 
operations there. 
Devang Patel: 
And lastly, you mentioned operating cash flow of, I think, Rs. 153 crores. Could you just clarify 
9-month OCF because first half was about Rs. 38 crores. And what kind of steady-state OCF to 
EBITDA conversion one can expect? 
Prashant Goenka: 
Yes. So as you rightly mentioned, 9-month OCF is Rs. 153 crores. Our OCF by EBITDA ratio 
for the 9-month is 65%. So I think it has been fairly healthy. And I think in our business, it is 
difficult to predict the OCF or give any guidance on the OCF by EBITDA ratio. But we have a 
very strong focus on a daily basis. We maintain a very strong intensity on converting all our 
earnings into cash. And it is reflected in our OCF number as well as the ratio number. So we 
will continue to focus on maintaining a healthy number as we have currently. 
Devang Patel: 
Thank you so much. That is all from my side. 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abdulkader from ICICI Securities. Please 
proceed. 
Abdulkader: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, my 
first question is with regards to your expansion. So this is on the disclosure of what we have 
done on the RHP, where are we in terms of expansion at the end of this quarter in India and in 
Philippines? And second would be in terms of acquisitions. So sir, what is the space exactly? 
You would be more keen on acquiring assets, whether it would be in India on your private clinic 
side or it would be in Philippines that would be of utmost importance to you? 
Rohit Singh: 
Hi. Hello, Abdul. This is Rohit this side. Thanks for the question. So to address the first part of 
it that are we in line on the expansion piece with our RHP? I think we are in line with our 
expansion. But a good way to look at our business would always be to look at the session count 
because ultimately the revenues are multiplied by the session and the RPT. But to answer your 
piece, I think we are in line with the RHP, the numbers that we have mentioned in the RHP. 
Second part on the acquisition front, I think we voiced it out in our strategy as well that we want 
to increase our footprints in our existing geography. So if there is any interesting acquisition 
opportunity that is coming either in India or Philippines or any other place that we operated, we 
would be very keen on. And if you are looking at any other new geography opening, we are 
absolutely flexible in all modes of growth, whether it is acquisition, whether it is partnering with 
government or taking part in any other project. NephroPlus has capabilities of that piece as well. 
So I think we will be fairly flexible. But to answer your piece, we will be keen in our existing 
geographies as well. 
Abdulkader: 
Got it. And so would it be possible for you to share what was your India region RPT growth for 
the quarter or for 9 months? 
Rohit Singh: 
Abdul, the right way to look at it is that we keep it at the platform level so that because we have 
growth complementing from both areas, so we always observe it at the platform level. So I think 
consolidated is already shared. 
Abdulkader: 
All right. I will get back in the queue. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek from Emkay Global. Please proceed. 
Vivek: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations, sir, on a good set of numbers. So I just wanted 
to get a deeper understanding of this business model. So in that context, I have a two-part 
question. Firstly, with regards to the revenue mix and unit economics, could you break down the 
revenue contribution across captive PPP and standalone models? And within that, how do the 
economics look, in particular the revenue-sharing mechanics for the captive business and the 
rental expense, both as a percentage of sales for the standalone clinics? Add to that also, if you 
could briefly explain how revenues are recognized for the captive and the PPP models and are 
any major captive contracts up for renewal in the near term? So that is my first question. I can 
go for the second question or you can answer this and then we can go to the second? 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
Prashant Goenka: 
Sure. Yes. I think in terms of the question around unit economics and other details, I think the 
right way to look at our business is at the consolidated level. As Vikram and Rohit mentioned, 
it is a platform play. It is the fact that we have been operating in India for the last 16 years at a 
$22 price point in India that has given us a platform that when we take it to the international 
market, we are able to generate higher margins than the local competition and also create a 
ROCE accretive return for the company as a whole. So from a modeling point of view, if you 
are looking to model our company, I think the right way to look at the business would be to 
understand all the unit economics at the console level and the details for which can be easily 
obtained from the financial statements that are uploaded on our website as well as the exchanges. 
I think you had a second question around the realization, the renewal rate of the captive clinics. 
So in terms of the renewal rate of captive clinics, as Vikram mentioned, we have more than 300 
hospital partners. We have 4 PPP contracts. Our renewal track record over the last 16 years has 
been very good in the high 90% range. And we anticipate to keep the renewal rate healthy as we 
move forward. 
Vikram Vuppala: 
Yes, just to add to Prashant’s point on the renewal, we have had fairly high renewal rate, close 
to 95% plus in the captive and close to 100% in PPP, but that is the past, right. I think in general, 
what we need to understand is outsourcing, the hospitals realize that they don’t make enough 
margins in dialysis and NephroPlus is putting in the CAPEX, taking care of operational, hassle 
cost, delivering better net margins for them. So that theme continues, the logic continues, right. 
And there were a few instances where we did not renew a few contracts wherein the hospital 
partners were not good paymasters. Ultimately, the quality of earnings is also important for 
NephroPlus. And every quarter, every few quarters, we ourselves terminatea few hospital 
partners, captive partners. So again, the owners always at NephroPlus is long-term focus, good 
quality of earnings, good sustainable relationships. We do not do anything for the short-term 
optimization. It is always for the long-term sustainable, better financials and healthy financials. 
Vivek: 
Understood. Just on the renewal part, if you could help me explain for the captive model, how 
does that revenue sharing model work? What is the percentage of our income that we share with 
the hospitals given that you said that, we set up the clinic on the captive side of things as well? 
So if you could throw some light on that? 
Rohit Singh: 
Yes. Hi, Vivek. Rohit here. So to answer a piece on the revenue, so we mentioned that we work 
on the revenue share piece. So we have no rent obligations in the captive model. And then the 
revenue share is also a factor of the price point in that geography and also the scope of each 
partner. So every partnership is a little nuance there. To give you a range, typically it varies 
anything between 10% to 15% to 18% depending on the hostel partner, price point, location, 
volume and the scope of each partner, because there is little variability in the scope. So typically 
it ranges in that. And then these are typically long-term contracts, anything from 12-14 years of 
tenure is the contract period. 
Vivek: 
Got it. Thank you. My second question was on the line of your expansion strategy. So just wanted 
to understand, are you more inclined towards doing expansion in the nature of Greenfield or are 
you looking more towards the acquisition side of things to expand your presence, given that your 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
focus is on maintaining a ROCE accretive profile whenever you look to add a clinic to your 
portfolio? 
Rohit Singh: 
So Vivek, if you look at our present portfolio also, we have 300 plus partnerships which are 
captive and then we have other PPPs in India scaling up. So largely, we have been focused 
around rolling up captive units and that has been our strategy for over 10 years now or from the 
beginning. And then we take up PPPs selectively depending on the various filters, internal filters 
that we have. So I think we would still stick on the same strategy that we will keep doubling or 
keep focusing on rolling up centers in the captive center. And then as we mentioned, look at 
acquisitions or larger PPP project on the opportunity basis as and when they come and we 
evaluate them on their merit. 
Vivek: 
Got it. And just a final question on the standalone clinic side of things versus if you compare it 
with the captive, how does the margin profile look like? 
Prashant Goenka: 
Yes. So if you look across all our three models, whether it is standalone, captive or PPP, the 
margin profile is very similar. The bed economics are also very similar. We invest around 9-11 
lakhs per bed irrespective of the model. So the margin profile, the return profile are fairly similar 
across all the three models. Different parts of the unit economics modulates and ultimate result 
is a very similar margin profile. 
Vivek: 
Got it. Just one last question if I could squeeze in. In one clinic, how many beds are there 
approximately if you could give us an idea? 
Vikram Vuppala: 
India-wide, our average is 11 beds per clinic. So that is the company-wide average we have. 
Vivek: 
Thank you. Thank you for taking my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Oaklane Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yes. Hi. Am I audible? 
Vikram Vuppala: 
Yes, you are. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
My question pertains to your comments that RPT trend for India on the new business is similar 
to the company average. Can you elaborate on that a bit? Because in India, realizations are close 
to $20 per treatment. How is the incremental or the new business coming in at much higher rate 
than $20? How one should think about that? 
Rohit Singh: 
Jinesh, sorry to interrupt, but you are not very audible. The voice is not very clear. So if you 
could please repeat the question? 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yes. So there is comments from management with respect to that RPT on new business in India 
is similar to the company average for the new business in India. So how should one think about 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
why that trend is playing out? Because it is average cost of dialysis or realization for dialysis in 
India is $20. Are we, the new business is coming at much higher rate to have it to be in line with 
the blended at the company level? 
Prashant Goenka: 
Yes. Hi. This is Prashant. I will take this question. I think if you look at our RPT, of course, as 
Vikram mentioned in the beginning, India is at the lowest price point across the world. So the 
other markets like Philippines and Uzbekistan are at a much higher RPT. Philippines is at around 
$110 RPT and Uzbekistan is around $55 RPT. So when you see the number at the console level, 
it is basically accounting for the favorable international mix. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Sorry. I thought during the call, we had mentioned that the new business in India RPT is closer 
to the company average. So is that understanding right or that is misunderstood at my end? 
Rohit Singh: 
So Jinesh, let me add to that. The idea was that India new business is equivalent to the India 
existing average. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. Great. Second question is with respect to the international business. So given that the 
market outside India is also very large and our capabilities and the cost structure enables us to 
have better competitive advantages in the international market, how should we as investors think 
about your strategy of entering into new market given a very wide variety of markets available 
in the global market? What is your strategy of selecting new markets in the global scenario? 
Vikram Vuppala: 
Yes. Good question, Jinesh. We are constantly evaluating new markets, right. We have a team 
which is continuously evaluating the new markets. Rohit and I spend significant time on that as 
well. It all depends on the factors, right. We mentioned about large volume of patients, 
reimbursement by the government, the political and economic stability, the repatriation of cash 
flows of profits to India. These are the filters. Now, beyond the filters, when we evaluate, as 
Prashant mentioned earlier, every project, every entry has to be ROCE accretive, right. So once 
you put all these filters, you bubble up, and then we figure out from our expansion perspective, 
does it make sense to enter it this time or does it make sense to enter next year? It all depends 
on these factors, right. Every 1-2 years, we would enter 1-2 geographies. But just because 4-5 
markets are attractive, we wouldn’t jump in 1 year because ultimately we are in healthcare 
delivery, right. If you do a certain project, you need to give it adequate bandwidth, deliver the 
right level of clinical quality, and make sure the brand equity is continuously built. So the way 
you should look at it is every year maybe a new market as a foray and the RPT that you are 
seeing, you have the data on RPT, you know the contribution from international market that 
Rohit mentioned about 41% already slowly inching up. That is the way to build the model. We 
are not in a rush. This is a marathon. We will do it in a measured manner, slow and steady. We 
are not in a rush at all. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
So effectively, if we see would international business be close to 60%-70% for us given that 
41% is without Saudi and over the next 4-5 years we may look to enter 1 or 2 very cheap markets 
or should it be close to 60%-70% of revenues? That is the trajectory we should be looking at? 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
Vikram Vuppala: 
We cannot estimate that. I think India would continue to be the majority for the foreseeable 
future. But again, it all depends on various levers, right. Depending on how much business we 
get from Saudi, depending on how many big projects we launch in India, so these are something 
that we cannot predict, but slow inch-up of international contribution of revenue definitely you 
should estimate. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Great. Thanks and all the best. 
Vikram Vuppala: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sujal Jhawar from Opportune Wealth Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Sujal Jhawar: 
First of all, congratulations on your good set of numbers. My question is regarding the revenue 
mix between the captive model standalone clinics and the PPP. So I want to understand, is there 
any change of mix going to happen in upcoming years? That is my first question. And my second 
question is for every clinic, every kind of clinic, how much cost bear by you? And in upcoming 
years, how many clinics are you looking to open? That is my two questions. 
Prashant Goenka: 
Yes, so I think I will take that question while we wouldn’t want to give too much specifics here. 
But I think just to help you understand the business and model it out, captive is our bread and 
butter, right. So that is predominantly the biggest composition of our business in India. 
Standalone is a very small component, less than 5%, because as Vikram mentioned, it is 
something that will happen over the next 5-10 years. That model is not the primary model 
currently. And PPP is basically something that we do on a very opportunistic basis when the 
quality, cost, and other ROCE factors make sense. So that is the second biggest component after 
the captive model. 
Sujal Jhawar: 
Can you answer my second question about how many clinics are you looking to open in next 
few years? And what could be the cost per clinic? 
Prashant Goenka: 
Yes. So I think clinics is not the right way to model our business. I think the best way to model 
our business would be to look at the treatment volume, patient volume, primarily the treatment 
volume. And if you look at our, as Vikram said, the growth rate that Vikram talked about, I think 
at the revenue level, the treatment will more or less follow a similar pattern. So I think you can 
model it on the basis of that. 
Sujal Jhawar: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Goyal from Axis Securities. Please 
proceed. 
Aman Goyal: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for a great set of numbers. Sir, I just 
want to know on the margin side, could you please help me to understand what is the margin 
contribution from the international business? Let us say, we have a 41% from the international 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
market. And how much, on the 9 months, we have almost 175 product data. So how much is 
attributed from the international business? Or you can say, how much international business 
margins are higher than our console margin? 
Prashant Goenka: 
Yes. So I think our business is more of a platform play, right. I think even internally, we don’t 
look at countries separately. The right way to look at our business is to look at the entire platform 
and understand the entire platform play. So to that extent, the consolidated numbers that we have 
given in terms of the patient volume, treatment volume, revenue per treatment, I think those are 
the right ways to model the business. The margins that are happening in respective countries has 
a lot of element of India platform basically driving synergies in the international markets. If you 
compare us to a local competition, our margins are much higher than the local competition, 
mainly because of the India platform play. So those elements are quite intertwined with each 
other, and therefore, it will not make sense to look at the margins of each country individually. 
And as Vikram mentioned, we will continue to expand into international market over every 1-2 
years. So sort of honing on one country or two countries will get more and more complicated as 
we continue to open new markets. 
Aman Goyal: 
Sir, my next question is, could you throw some light how much net patient added during the year 
and what is the target mix over the medium term between domestic and international business? 
Like we are entering into Saudi and all that? 
Prashant Goenka: 
Yes, so between the last 9 month FY ‘25 to this 9 month FY ‘26, our guest count has increased 
from 31,657 to 36,550. So that is about 15.5% increase. 
Aman Goyal: 
And we have done 2.8 million treatments in the FY ‘26 so far. Can you break down what is the 
Indian patient base versus international patient base if you have some data points on that? 
Prashant Goenka: 
No, we don’t have the data. It would be to look at the consolidated number, looking at the overall 
consolidated treatment volume and RPT at the consolidated level and that will help you model 
out the business. 
Aman Goyal: 
Sir, on the last, I just want to know your input from the CGHS side. So since the new CGHS 
guideline, the dialysis prices also has been revised by the government. So will it kick from the 
Q1 FY ‘27 or it has been already started in your business? 
Rohit Singh: 
So Aman, Rohit here. CGHS price increase has already kicked in. It is already there in the 
Quarter 3. We have started realizing that already from Quarter 3 onwards. So that is already part 
of the number that we speak. 
Aman Goyal: 
So if you could throw some light, how much realization will improve over here? We had a $20 
realization in India, $20-$22 in the DRHP. So how will it improve over the year? 
Rohit Singh: 
Aman, the way to look at it is that CGHS volume is less than 5% in our network. So if that 
volume is increasing by 30% price point, so it does not really increase the RPT because the base 

 
Nephrocare Health Services Limited 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
will continue growing in India. And with the limited present volume of CGHS, I think the RPT 
will not have such significant impact as a network level. 
Aman Goyal: 
Thank you, sir. I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. 
I now hand over the conference to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Vikram Vuppala: 
Yes. Thanks, everybody, for joining the call. I think it is a maiden earnings call, and we 
appreciate all of you joining this call. I think we may have answered most of your questions, but 
I think there are still a few queries remaining. We will continue to keep participants informed of 
any updates, and you can also reach out to us for any urgent questions or queries. Also feel free 
to reach out to SGA, our Investor Relations partner as well. But look forward to continued 
engagement, and this market, this Dialysis business is a new business with very unique 
characteristics. I would urge all of you to spend some time, understand the nuances, and work 
with us as we move forward. Thank you so much for joining the call. Appreciate it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ambit Capital Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
