'...._
fi{r
=: 
Nrrru SprnuNERS LTD.
rr9\r
.rli.',j!,r 
r.i.i 
. ,'r ,r,l,,t
REF: NSL/SG/202s-26/
Date: 06.02.2026
BSE Ltd.
Ph irozeJeejeebh oy Towers
Dalalstreet
Mumbai- 4OO OOl
Company Code - 532G98
National Stock Exchange of tndia Ltd.
Exchange plaza, C-1., Btock G,
BandraKurla Complex,
Bandra (E),
Mumbai- 4OO 051.
Company tD - NtTtNSptN
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to regutations 30 of sEBl (Listing obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations ' 201'5' please fipd attached transcript Jr trre company,s Anaryst/ investor ca,
held on February 03' 2026ln operational and rinanciai performance of ih. corp.ny for
the euarter aird'Nine Months ended 31,i ;";;;;;;;;;; 
rhe same is arso avairabre on the
website of the Company i.e. www.nitinspinners.com.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For- Nitin Spinners Ltd.
(Sudhir Garg)
Company Secretary & Vp (Legal)
M.No. ACS 9684
ClN. : L17 111 RJ1 992P1C006987
Regd. Office & Plant :16-17 Km. Stone, Chittor Road, Hamirgarh, Bhilwara (Raj.) 311025
Tel. : 286110 to113, E-mail : nsl@nitinspinners.com, Website : rrwrnru.nitinspinners.com
SUPIMA'
ffi#
(ffit
USTERIZED'
WORLD'S FINEST COTTONS
intertek
inlertek ffi.m^
SUDHIR KUMAR 
GARG
Digitally signed by SUDHIR 
KUMAR GARG 
Date: 2026.02.06 18:14:12 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Nitin Spinners Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Post Results Conference Call” 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors and readability. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 03/02/2026 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DINESH NOLKHA – PROMOTER, CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – NITIN SPINNERS LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN NOLAKHA – PROMOTER AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – NITIN SPINNERS LIMITED 
 
MR. P. MAHESHWARI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
NITIN SPINNERS LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AWANISH CHANDRA – SMIFS LIMITED 
 
 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Nitin Spinners Limited Q3 FY '26 Post 
Results Conference Call hosted by SMIFS Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Awanish Chandra from SMIFS Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Awanish Chandra: 
Thanks a lot, Bhumi, and thank you very much, everyone, for joining this call. On behalf of 
SMIFS Limited, I welcome you all to third quarter and 9-month FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Nitin Spinners Limited. 
 
We are pleased to host the top management of the company. Today, we have with us Mr. 
Dinesh Nolkha, Promoter, Chairman and Managing Director of the company; Mr. Nitin 
Nolakha, Managing Director of the company; and Mr. P. Maheshwari, Chief Financial Officer. 
We will start the call with initial commentary on the results, and then we will open the floor 
for question and answers. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Mr. P. Maheshwari, CFO of the company. Over to you, 
Maheshwari, sir. 
P. Maheshwari: 
Thank you, Awanishji. Good afternoon, and a warm welcome to all the participants to this Q3 
and 9 months FY '26 earnings call of Nitin Spinners Limited. I hope you have had a chance to 
go through the Financial Results and Investor Presentation available on the company's website 
and Stock Exchanges. I will start with a brief overview on the operational and financial 
performance for the quarter and 9 months. Post that, our CMD, Shri Dinesh Nolkhaji, will give 
you an overview of industry and business scenario. 
 
Coming to our financial and operational performance. Revenue for Q3 FY '26 stood at 
INR800.68 crores against INR760.08 crores during Q2 FY '26. That is an increase of 5.3% 
quarter-on-quarter basis, primarily driven by stable demand and higher sales volumes. On 
year-to-year basis, revenue declined by 4.5% from INR838.87 crores in Q3 FY '25 to 
INR800.68 crores in Q3 FY '26 due to weaker demand and reduced selling prices. Revenue for 
9 months ended 31st December 2025 is INR2,354 crores against last year same period revenue 
of INR2,464 crores. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR111.54 crores as compared to INR99.56 crores in Q2 FY 
'26 and INR117.16 crores in Q3 FY '25. EBITDA for 9 months ended 31st December 2025 is 
INR322.35 crores against INR351.11 crores in same period last year. The EBITDA margin for 
current quarter stood at 13.93% against Q2 FY '26 margin of 13.10% and Q3 FY '25 margins 
of 13.97%. 
 
Profit after tax for the quarter stood at INR44.41 crores against INR34.78 crores in Q2 FY '26 
and INR44.78 crores in Q3 FY '25. That is an increase of 27.7% on a quarter-on-quarter basis, 
while 0.8% down year-on-year. Profit after tax for 9 months ended 31st December 2025 is 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 3 of 15 
 
INR120.18 crores against last year's PAT of INR129.06 crores in the same period. EPS for the 
quarter is INR7.90 and cumulative for 9 months is INR21.38 per share. 
 
Cash EPS for the quarter is INR14.53 and for 9 months is INR41.19 per share. In terms of 
revenue mix, export contributed nearly 61% of revenue and domestic market 39%. On the 
operational front, the spinning capacity is running over 98% utilization, and woven fabric is 
operating at over 90% utilization. 
 
That is all from my side. I now request Shri Dineshji to share his insights about the industry 
and business scenario. Thank you, and over to Shri Dineshji. 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Thank you, Maheshwariji. Good afternoon, everyone. The first half of FY '26 was a 
challenging phase for the textile industry as a whole, primarily due to uncertainties around 
U.S. tariffs. These pressures persisted into third quarter with the industry continuing to face 
tariff-related headwinds and global trade uncertainties However, modest recovery was visible 
in demand.India's export of cotton yarn and fabric remains subdued on a year-on-year basis. 
As far as cotton is concerned, the cotton prices were favorable during the quarter due to 
temporary removal of import duty by the government. Now it has again started regaining its 
earlier trend of trading at a premium than the international cotton prices. Going forward, we 
expect stable raw material prices. 
 
During the quarter, yarn prices have marginally declined in tandem with the reduced cotton 
prices. However, we expect the prices to improve and also the demand to stabilize going 
forward. Long-term -- if you see the long-term perspective, the structural tailwind of the sector 
remains intact. The recent budget announcements also reflect the government's focus on textile 
with the announcement of national fiber mission, expansion of textile parks and textile skilling 
initiatives, etcetera. 
 
Recently, there were positive developments around the free trade agreements with the EU. It is 
set to transform India's textile industry as well as all other sectors with removal of long-
standing tariffs disadvantages of Indian products in the European market. 
 
Industry is now awaiting faster implementation of EU and U.K. trade deals and expect stronger 
order flows and improved competitiveness in these markets. The yesterday's announcement of 
tariff reduction by U.S. will also further stimulate demand recovery and improve the 
performance of the Indian textile industry going forward. 
 
Coming to the company's performance. Quarter 3 FY '26 was moderately improved as 
compared to previous quarter, largely driven by the stable demand, favorable cotton prices and 
optimum capacity utilization. Although there was continuing impact of ongoing -- global 
uncertainties, which had impacted the margins. 
 
Going forward, we foresee improved margin profile as demand as well as raw material prices 
are stabilizing. We're also focusing on other geographies to widen the customer base. We also 
expect favorable impact of EU FTA as we have strong foothold in EU markets and have been 
one of the largest exporter of cotton yarn in EU countries from India. The announcement of 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 4 of 15 
 
U.S. regarding tariffs will also have favorable impact on the demand as well as margins going 
forward. 
 
Regarding capex, -- our capacity expansion of spinning and weaving is progressing well. Post 
its completion, we'll be able to offer wider product range to our existing customers and also 
we'll be able to cater to new demand from domestic market as well as international markets for 
finished woven fabrics. 
 
We have already commissioned certain modernization and balancing equipment and about 4.6 
megawatt solar plant is expected to get operational in the current quarter. The hybrid power 
purchase agreement of 18 megawatts announced in quarter 2 has started partial power supply, 
and it is expected to get fully operational in the Q1 of the FY '27. 
 
We have also announced a new capex, which has been there to mitigate the power price hike in 
the state of Rajasthan and further increase renewal power footprint for the company. The 
Board has approved an additional capex of INR230 crores for captive solar power capacity of 
about 41.1megawatt AC, out of which 33 megawatts will be under open access at Jodhpur 
District and additional 8.1 megawatt of solar power capacity within our Chittorgarh unit 
premises. 
 
Both of these capacities are expected to get operational by Q2 FY '27. The cumulative 
renewable power footprint will be about 40% to 45% of the total power consumption and will 
result in significant reduction in our power costs. 
 
With this, I would like to open the floor for the question and answers. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Rina Kashyap, an Individual Investor. 
Rina Kashyap: 
I just had a few questions. So, the first one being the capex done on the solar power. Can you 
give us details on this INR23 crores expense and the benefits exactly? Can you quantify them 
for me? How much are we currently -- like how much are we currently generating internally? 
And what is going to be the captive power? 
 
The second question is regarding the U.S. announcement yesterday of the tariff reduction. Can 
you help us understand how this will impact Nitin Spinners quantitatively? What would be the 
impact on revenue? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes. Let me first answer your second question regarding the U.S. tariffs. Basically, we had an 
exposure of our knitted fabric business in U.S. and which contributed to about 3% to 4% of our 
export sales. That was the direct sales. And apart from this, there was indirect sales of about 
7% to 10% to our customers in India who used to export to U.S. who are predominantly 
dependent on the U.S. to exports. 
 
So that was impacted, and we had to divert these products to various other markets and maybe 
underutilize our knitting capacity also. So with this tariff reduction and we're becoming 
competitive in comparison to rest of our competing countries, I think we will be back -- this 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 5 of 15 
 
business will be back with us in short time. So that should add to our demand profile and also 
which could ultimately lead to the margins improvement also. 
 
Regarding second question -- first question was regarding your power. So this is not a INR23 
crores, it is INR230 crores investment, where we will be putting about 60 megawatt of DC 
solar power capacity. 
 
In AC terms, it is 41 megawatt with a battery backup capacity of about 38 megawatt hours. So 
this will be set up in Rajasthan in Jodhpur and some will be within our own campus. So 
expected power cost savings from this will be -- this particular project will be about INR51 
crores going forward. So this is what I think you were wanting to know exactly. 
Rina Kashyap: 
Yes. I wanted to understand how much are we currently generating and what will be the 
captive power from this capex? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
So total, we are generating at this point of time, I think about 6.5 crores units we are generating 
at this point of time. Maheshwari-ji, my figures are right? 
P. Maheshwari: 
So current solar renewable capacity is 3 crores. 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
3 crores units per annum? 
P. Maheshwari: 
Yes, 3 crores units per annum. 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
So this will be adding how much... 
Rina Kashyap: 
Yes, how much will it be after the capex? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
In totality, after this -- all the capex, which we are going to do, our total solar generating 
capacity will be about 21 crores units every year. This is inclusive of our existing capacity and 
then the hybrid power investment which we have done plus the investment which we are 
already doing in our own campus here. So this will be about 45% of our requirement. 
Rina Kashyap: 
Understood. Understood. So just another question. Was there any impact on the financials 
from the New Labour Code? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
No. We were very well with the -- as per the laws only of the New Labour Codes, we have 
already followed that with the draft policy also. So there is no impact on us. 
Rina Kashyap: 
So this was done previous to the code, we were already. 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
We were already complying with those -- all the provisions, which has been -- which has come 
up now. We are already in compliance with that. 
Rina Kashyap: 
Understood. Understood. Sorry, just one more question. On the domestic demand, I think last 
call, you had mentioned there was more interest in the domestic market. Given your share of 
exports have fallen and domestic has increased, how do you see this going forward? 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I think domestic demand should remain as it is. We are expecting it to be stable and going 
forward remain good itself because a lot many exporters who are selling to the U.S. market 
will also be back in business. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Resham Jain from VVD Asset Managers . 
Resham Jain: 
So I have two questions. The first one is with respect to the weaving expansion, almost close to 
doubling of the capacity, so is it only processing? Or is it processing plus weaving as well? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
It is both, sir, weaving as well as processing. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. So it's 100% integrated facility, which is coming up? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes. Even the spinning is also integrated with it. So it's a project which is able to have its own 
spinning, weaving and processing altogether. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, this particular weaving and finishing, which is coming up, is it 
yarn dyed or it is just for bottom weights? Or what kind of product we are planning? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Here, we are also adding yarn dyed capacity. So this project also includes our yarn dyeing 
capacity. So we'll have yarn dyes as well as already we are into bottom weights. So that will 
also be there in this. And we also have the printing and finishing facilities as well and coating 
facilities also in this. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Understood. But largely, it will be bottom weights, that’s how we should think? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
No, it should not be -- it is not primarily bottom weights.. Now the ratio we are expecting is 
50-50. At the moment, it is about 65-35. Now it will become 50-50 after this expansion. 
Resham Jain: 
Understood. And how much is for like ex spinning, what will be the capex, sir, out of 
INR1,120 crores total project cost, what will be like ex spinning, what will be the capex for 
weaving, processing... 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
If you remove the spinning part, I think it is going to be about INR600 crores. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, as of today, between weaving and spinning, what will have or 
which segment will have better margins stand-alone basis? I know you are integrated. But still, 
if you have to choose, you have to think between the 2 businesses, which is more profitable? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I think today, as on today, weaving and processing cumulatively is better than spinning. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I'm trying to understand that in our fabric segment, sir, what is the bifurcation between 
weaving as well as knitted fabrics? And the capex that we are doing in fabrics, is it only in 
weaving or in knitting also? 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
The capex which we are dealing is only for weaving, it is not going to be for knitting. And the 
breakup is about -- if you see the total sales is about INR160 crores -- INR161 crores, out of 
which I think INR130 crores is for weaving and INR30 crores is for knitting. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. So -- and sir, I can see that our knitted fabric volume is down year-on-year from 1,564 
tonnes to around 1,000 tonnes. So what is the reason for this? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Basically, because of this -- we had a large exposure of knitted fabric in the U.S. market. So 
because of the tariff issues, we had to scale down the operations in this particular segment. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, and what is the per kg yarn realization as well as the spread on cotton and yarn? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yarn realization for this quarter was around INR250 a kg and cotton cost was around INR151. 
So the spread is around INR99. 
Madhur Rathi: 
So, sir, now with the favorable trade deal with U.S.A. and with Europe also, though it might 
take some more time EU FTA to get operationalized, sir, you think that the golden age of 
Indian textile industry is now ahead of us? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I hope so. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, and so what kind of spreads do you foresee going forward? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I do not want to forecast anything. But definitely, I can say that we have seen -- we have 
already passed the worst, and we should see better times ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Great. And sir, lastly, sir, between knitted fabric as well as woven fabric, which of the 2 is 
more profitable? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
In woven fabrics, we are completely integrated with the dyeing and finishing. So definitely, 
with the woven fabric with dyeing and finishing, everything put together is definitely more 
profitable. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, so knitted, we are not -- since you said we are not expanding capacity, sir, so our future 
plans are on the weaving and spinning side only? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
At the moment, yes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sanjay Shah from ASK Securities Private Limited. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Appreciate a decent performance in this volatile situation. Sir, my question was more towards 
the most growth levers what we see on fabric side. Sir, can -- with this 35 million meters of 
fabric capacity, how much will be finished woven and knitted fabrics? That was my first 
question. And second was, what is the expected EBITDA margin differential between yarn and 
finished fabrics? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
First of all, it will be all -- this 35 million meters capacity will be all for woven fabric only, 
nothing for knitted capacity. It is 100% for woven only. And as far as margin profiling is 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 8 of 15 
 
concerned, we have also told in the past that overall margin of the company -- EBITDA 
margin of the company, which we are operating at, should be improved by 100 to 150 bps 
given the new composition, which we are going to have going forward, because of this more 
value addition part on the weaving and finishing side. 
Sanjay Shah: 
That's great. And sir, when we see the ramp-up after commissioning this capacity? And we -- 
did we did any trial order or we have got any advanced order on that side? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Already, we are operating our weaving capacity at full swing. We are running at more than 
90% capacity. And we have already -- it's not a new product specifically for us. So we can 
easily increase our footprint. 
 
And with this new FTAs happening in Europe, U.S., it is opening a lot of new customers in 
these markets where we are not present. So this should be -- this could be a very good 
beginning for us for the -- to expand our footprint in the export market, which we are not there 
so much in the fabric business. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vyom Dagha from Valcore Capital. 
Vyom Dagha: 
Sir, my first question is if you could share what the current spreads are? And how do you 
expect them to normalize over medium term? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Pardon, can you repeat the question, please? Current spread? 
Vyom Dagha: 
Yes, sir, current cotton spreads. 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I just in my last question, I've answered that it is about INR98, INR99. I think with the present 
current cost, it is a reasonable kind of spread, which in the good times could go up to INR115, 
INR120. So if the demand stabilizes and the raw material prices stabilize, this should improve 
going further. 
Vyom Dagha: 
Okay, sir. And my next question is, once the demand recovers from U.S., how fast do you 
expect the supply to ramp up? Like the mills which were previously shut down, what 
proportion of them do you expect them to recover? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
At this point of time, basic first, the demand has to come in. This is a cycle wherein we are out 
of the cycle for last 6 months. The new business will come in, and that should first fill up the 
existing capacities which are running and improve upon the demand. Then only we should be 
seen. 
 
I don't foresee some of the mills, which is not operational and not viable today will not come 
into business because it's nearly 1.5 years since they have been down. So significantly 
improvement in the capacity, maybe new capacity may come in going forward, but the existing 
old mills coming back in business is a difficult task at the moment. 
Vyom Dagha: 
Okay, sir. And my last question is, if you can give us some time line on the capex or when do 
you expect the spinning and the fabric division to be -- the capacity to be set up? 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
First of all, the fabric capacity should be there in the early second half of this year -- of next 
financial year. We should be -- we are going to commission the things from June, July 
onwards and expect the production to start somewhere from October, November onwards. So 
second half beginning, we should have some production coming up and maybe ramp up the 
capacity by the end of this next financial year. As far as spinning is concerned, I think spinning 
will take one more quarter, and we should be ready by November, December of -- by the end 
of this calendar year, I think. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Tanishk from Antique Stock Broking. 
Tanishk: 
My question is, can we sustain the current level of gross margins or EBITDA margins as there 
has been increase in the prices of domestic cotton? Do we see the yarn prices going forward 
increase? Just want your thoughts on that. 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I think as we have seen that cotton -- domestic cotton prices have increased, also the yarn 
prices have also increased during the current quarter. So more or less, it is -- the differentials 
are still maintained. 
Tanishk: 
Okay. So my second question, do we see yarn prices to go up going forward due to the U.S. 
trade deal that recently concluded. 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Of course, it should normalize. What we have seen is that during last 1, 1.5 years, initially 
because of Russia-Ukraine issues, then happening and Europe getting affected and then this 
U.S. effect coming in, the demand was very subdued. 
 
So going forward, we expect the demand to normalize. And in the meantime, we have already 
seen some capacity shutting up. So it will be a stable kind of demand, were the margins should 
also stabilize and improve going forward. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I wanted to understand the domestic cotton pricing scenario, sir, are zero imports still there 
after 31st December or now there is again 11% import duty and are domestic cotton prices 
trading at a premium with export like international cotton prices? And if so, then what happens 
to the competitiveness of the domestic cotton industry in the export markets? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes. First of all, zero duty regime is over. Now it is 11% duty. Back to 11% duty. For export 
purposes under advanced license, they have allowed us to import in duty free, but then the 
drawbacks and other benefits are not being given on that. 
 
So that is an implication cost of about 6% to 7%. At this point of time, the Indian cotton prices, 
if we consider without duty, then definitely, they are expensive than the international prices. 
But with duty -- with whatever the duty impact, which is there, 6%, 7%, then I think Indian 
cotton is still cheaper than the international prices. 
 
And as far as competitiveness is concerned, I think we have a large domestic market and the 
ratio of the export to domestic is about 70-30. And we are able to somehow manage with 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 10 of 15 
 
nominal margins. If we have to have much better margins what we have than today, then we 
need to have this policy of consistent duty-free import or international price parity in the raw 
cotton. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Right, sir. And sir, any plans to get into garmenting going forward? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
As of now, we do not have any definitive plans to get into the garmenting. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Priyam Shrivastava from KC Capital 
Priyam Shrivastava: 
I just wanted to understand the trend with total spindles in the country. And second, are you 
seeing market shifting away from Tirupur versus states which offer better incentives like 
Gujarat, Rajasthan and Punjab? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
As far as spinning capacity is concerned, I think we have in India total about 56 million 
spindles installed capacity. Operational capacity is about 42 million to 43 million spindles. So 
operating about at 78% to 80% levels. As far as shifting is concerned, I think there is no new 
incentives by any other state in the last 1 or 2 years, except I think Odisha offering some new 
textile policy. 
 
And there is -- and the shift is also not very major. If you see in proportions, the capacity is 
shifting towards -- whatever capacity had to shift to Gujarat or to Madhya Pradesh or to 
Rajasthan has already happened in last 3, 4 years back itself. So there has been no major 
change in last 2 years in the shifting pattern of the spinning capacity. 
Priyam Shrivastava: 
Okay. And like around what percentage of capacity has like shifted out of -- sir refer to these 
states? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I think there is no shift as such. Tirupur is more of a knitting segment, knitting area, dyeing, 
finishing, garmenting area. And that has remained -- it has remained their forte and still they 
have a forte on that. So that has primarily been there. Yes, it has been shifted within Tamil 
Nadu or also due to the environmental concerns within the nearby areas itself only. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Resham Jain from VVD Asset Managers. 
Resham Jain: 
So I have this question on cotton, which has been a key kind of challenge for the whole 
spinning industry per se. So what I could see is that cotton productivity per acre in India has 
been flattish or coming down in the last 5, 7 years. While globally, some of the countries, we 
have consistently seen that it has been increasing. And this has to do with the new variety of 
cotton seed, which somehow is not being allowed in India. 
 
So from an industry perspective, are we taking any steps to improve the overall productivity 
per acre because eventually, this is going to be the differentiator for Indian spinning industry. 
It has been -- like the Indian cotton prices always has been 15% lower than U.S. cotton prices, 
and that's how we always remain competitive. Any thoughts on this, sir? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes. Of course, we have, of course, not at individual level in the company. But on the 
association level and along with the government body, there has been a sincere effort to 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 11 of 15 
 
improve the productivity all over the country as well as -- and we have already -- I mean, there 
is an MSP policy in the country, as you are aware, and there has been an average increase of -- 
every year increase of about 5% to 7% of the minimum support prices. 
 
We have been requesting government that we need to work on the other side and that already 
we have set up a complete full-fledged committee with the industry members also, wherein we 
have to go and improve upon the productivity side. 
 
So we need not increase the price, but the income of the farmer increases and also that suffices 
the requirement of the industry. Of course, it's not a 6 months or a 1-year job. But for a long-
term, already, there has been a lot of initiatives happening, and we may see the results coming 
in going forward in another 1 to 2 years' time. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Any states where you could see this happening? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Maharashtra, a lot of efforts has been done in Maharashtra. Also, some parts of Rajasthan also 
are giving better productivity and results. So that is also there. So -- but there has been efforts 
in Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra primarily more so towards the development. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. And sir, just one last point with respect to this. Given that we have very good exports. 
So for us, compared to the industry, we will always be a little better off given that we can use 
advanced license to some extent from a cotton price perspective. 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Of course. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Yash Tawani from Aamara Capital. 
Yash Tawani: 
So I have two questions. So one is on the fabric business side. So I just wanted to get a sense 
that with the new facility coming in, what is the utilization that we expect to run out by the 
next year once it runs on a full capacity? Once it's fully operational, what is the utilization that 
we expect there? 
 
And second is on the fabric business side. So what is the bifurcation we have on the fabric 
business sales in terms of how much goes to, let's say, the brand owners or the ready-made 
garment manufacturer versus the trader, how the bifurcation runs that side -- so these are the 
questions. 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Next year, we are -- first of all, regarding the capacity utilization. We're already running our 
existing capacity on 90% plus site. And the new capacity which is going to come in, we are 
expecting that next -- we should be able to ramp it up to at least 80% capacity in the next 
financial year, '27-'28. So that is the capacity ramp-up which we are expecting. 
 
As far as this breakup of brand owners and others, we have not yet worked out on that 
particular part. At this point of time, I can just give you a ballpark picture that the traders are 
having nearly 1/3 share and the brand owners and ready-made garments are having 1/3 share, 
1/3 each. So exactly, I'm not having the data. So I do not want to comment on that, but maybe 
we'll get ready with data and then comment going forward. 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Yash Tawani: 
Perfect. And is the margin similar in all of these, the trader versus them? Or is it like hierarchy 
wise, if you can put it, which comes not the -- just the hierarchy? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Of course, the brand owners with a consistent kind of demand is definitely better and their 
expectation of the quality of the fabric is also better. So there, the margins are better. And of 
course, then secondly comes the ready-made garment manufacturers and then the trader 
because traders ultimately stock and want to have some margins with them as well. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Aditya from  UK Capital 
Aditya: 
Sir, could you please clarify the current capacity utilization, I missed out, for the knitted and 
woven segments? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Our capacity utilization at this point of time for spinning is about 99%. For weaving, 
processing, it is about 91%. And for knitting, it is about 40%. 
Aditya: 
Okay. Sir, for knitting, you said that U.S. tariffs impacted the knitting segment. And you said 
that you are redirecting the volumes to other international markets. With the current recent 
U.S. deal in place, do we plan or reengage the U.S. market or scale up the business in the U.S.? 
How is this going forward? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
We have to cautiously trade with them. This experience has not been good. We have never 
expected that the U.S., this can happen in U.S. So definitely, we'll try to regain the market 
share. Already, our utilization, especially in knitting is lesser. So we'll try to regain the 
business there. 
 
But of course, not become as dependent as we were in the past on the U.S. market. And of 
course, with the U.K. market and EU, free trade happening -- agreement happening over there, 
we could have really good times in the European market where we have a very good footprint. 
Aditya: 
And with the removal of the cotton duty exemption, do you anticipate higher raw material 
procurement going forward, especially in the imported cotton? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Of course, prices of the imported cottons have remained more or less at the same level what it 
was there in U.S. dollar terms. Only that the post removal of duty exemption, since we are 
doing it in the advanced license, it's not going to have a major impact on us. 
 
Of course, our sales incentives goes down. That is what we have. So that should not have a 
major impact on the raw material cost as such for us. Domestic cotton prices, of course, 
already have -- because of that, have already gone up by about 5%, what was there in the last 
quarter from now. 
Aditya: 
Sir, just last thing on the recent news from the Bangladesh where the report shows that the 
cheaper yarn imports has significantly disrupted spinning and textile sectors in neighboring 
countries. So are you seeing any impact related to this? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
At this point of time, they have not taken any action or anything. And in fact, our industry 
associations have given a due clarification to them about this. When we say they have 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 13 of 15 
 
imported cottons, which is cheaper than us, they do not have any duty. Their labour cost is less 
than us. Their power cost is less than us. So how the spinning industry can become 
uncompetitive in comparison. 
 
Either we are too efficient and they are inefficient, I don't know. But we have given you -- and 
this is something -- euphoria has been created there by the spinning industry there. And 
garment industry in Bangladesh is overwhelmingly opposing this particular move. At this point 
of time till now, there is no action has been taken on that side, and the business continues as it 
is. 
Aditya: 
So we -- our business doesn't change as of now, no impact on the business? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
As of now, there is no impact. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is a follow-up from Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I wanted to understand with the new 35 million meters of the fabric that we are planning to 
add, sir, will this be a higher realization fabric because we are expecting INR1,000 crores 
revenue from this segment versus on a similar volumes, we did INR700 crores in FY '25? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
We are expecting a revenue of about INR650 crores to INR700 crores only from the fabric 
side. Balance INR300 crores is going to come from the yarn. We are also putting up the yarn 
dye capacity, which would be put for sale as well as some additional yarn capacity also. So 
INR300 crores will come from -- INR300 crores to INR350 crores will come from yarn. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. And sir, do we -- can we expect our margins to conservatively move to 16% by FY '28 
with ramp-up of our fabric capacity? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
I can just say that whatever margin profile we have, of course, margin depends on many other 
factors. But whatever margin profile we have, we should have a -- because of higher value 
addition, it should improve the thing by 100 to 150 bps going forward. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir, that base would be -- sir, so the current base of 14%, can we expect that 100 to 150 
basis point improvement? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes, exactly. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vishal Prasad from VP Capital. 
Vishal Prasad: 
So, Dinesh-ji, I have one question. In the past, when someone asked you about our interest in 
moving into garments, you mentioned that if we have to do garments, then we would need to 
have some incentives like PLI as otherwise, it would not be very remunerative for us. Given 
the EU FTA and U.S. trade deal, do you think there is a case for us to think about garments 
business even if PLI is not available? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Definitely. With this kind of markets opening, I think we must look into that because we 
already have the alignments with the various international brands. So we'll definitely look at 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 14 of 15 
 
this aspect as well going forward. But at this point of time, we do not have any definitive 
plans. 
Vishal Prasad: 
Right. So if just in case, if you think about garmenting probably it will be in 2, 3 years or even 
more? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
It doesn't take that much time to establish. But our first target today is to establish our -- this 
new fabric capacity, which is coming up. That is a major leap today because we are doubling 
the capacity. And maybe post that, we may definitely have a look at these aspects... 
Vishal Prasad: 
Okay. And second point, if I remember correctly, you had mentioned that in garment business, 
there is a challenge of labor because they are not available at a lot of places. They come from 2 
or 3 states in India. 
 
And there, the garmenting business is still in fancy like Bihar or Jharkhand or Madhya 
Pradesh. So given your experiences, do we have -- I mean, how do you think about getting into 
garments if labor shortage is a consistent problem? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
First of all, we have not thought about it as of yet. So once we think get into the detail, 
definitely, we'll work out on this. As far as I understand, a lot of skilling is required. It is a job 
where a lot of skilling has to be done and then only we can do. Hopefully, this new 
government -- the government has launched a new scheme, Samarth 2.0, where we are skilling 
a lot of people, and they are giving incentives for skilling the people. 
 
This should also help going forward in skilling the labours for the garmenting business also. 
So we have not gone -- we have not yet gone in the nitty-gritties of how we want to go about 
and what is the area, which areas, which market. So it would be not right for me to comment at 
this point of time on that subject. Once we are ready with this, then definitely, we'll share all 
the details with investors as well. 
Moderator: 
Next, we have a follow-up question from Rina Kashyap, an Individual Investor. 
Rina Kashyap: 
Just the last couple of questions. How much is the share of U.K. in your exports? And do we -- 
how do we see that increase? Like if you can quantify that for me? And second is just in 
continuation of the previous participant's question, it's not garmenting, are we also exploring 
any inorganic growth opportunities? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes. First of all, as far as U.K. market is concerned, we have exposure in yarn as well as 
fabrics in there. We have exposure to the various brands which are working from the U.K. 
market. And also, we have yarn business there, which is today not very significant, maybe 
about 3%, 4% of our total sales. But with this FTA getting into place, this could increase 
multifold. Second question was regarding -- second question was -- regarding -- can you repeat 
the second question, please? 
Rina Kashyap: 
Yes. Just you mentioned garmenting that you don't plan on getting into garmenting right now, 
maybe after a couple of years. But are you all -- side-by side, are you all exploring any 
inorganic growth opportunities? 

 
Nitin Spinners Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2026 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Yes. Inorganic, we keep on looking at it, but we do not have many -- we have not been able to 
find the right fit. So if something right comes up, we are open to that. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Awanish Chandra for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Awanish Chandra: 
Before taking your closing comment, one question. Sir, you mentioned that every capex line 
item will get completed in 2027 by November, December. So -- and history says that you 
reach 100% utilization very fast, things get stabilized. So, any thoughts on expanding our 
existing capacity further? Any plan you have started thinking about? 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
As of yet, we have not planned any new capacity expansion. But with this kind of all the FTAs 
happening, the market getting opened, we will definitely look in for the growth prospects 
going forward as well. So once we are ready with the prospects, maybe then we can share with 
you. But definitely, as a growing company, we have to look forward as well. 
Awanish Chandra: 
Thank you very much, Dinesh sir, Nitinji and Maheshwari sir for giving us this opportunity to 
host the call. Sir, your final closing comment. 
Dinesh Nolkha: 
Thank you, Awanishji. And first of all, I would like to thank everyone for taking out time for 
joining the call. I hope we have been able to address all the queries. I also thank SMIFS team 
and Awanishji for hosting the call. For any further information or other things, you can get in 
touch with our finance team or our SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you, and see 
you all over the next yearly conference call as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of SMIFS Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
