 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
Registered and Corporate Office: 15th Floor, (ASTP) Amar Sadanand Tech Park, Baner, Pune, Maharashtra, India – 411045 Tel: +91-20-68198400 | Fax: +91-20-68198405  
CIN: L29130PN1962PLC204515, www.schaeffler.co.in, info.in@schaeffler.com,                      
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Dis-
closure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcripts of Analyst/Inves-
tor Meet held on Wednesday, February 25, 2026. 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
With reference to our letter dated February 25, 2026, please find enclosed the  
transcript of the Analyst/Investor meet held on Wednesday, February 25, 2026, for 
your information and records.  
 
The same is available on the Company's website - Earnings Conference Call | Schaeffler 
India 
    
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Schaeffler India Limited  
 
 
 
 
Ashish Tiwari, 
VP - Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
03/03/2026 
 
Phone:  +912068198464 
Schaeffler India Limited · Pune · Maharashtra 
BSE Limited                                                   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                           Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Dalal Street,                                                     Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400001                                               Mumbai-400051 
Company Code: 505790                                Company Code: SCHAEFFLER 
Digitally signed by ASHISH TIWARI
DN: cn=ASHISH TIWARI, c=IN, 
o=Personal, 
email=ashish.tiwari@schaeffler.com
Location: Pune
Date: 2026.03.03 09:33:25 +05'30'
ASHISH 
TIWARI

 
 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
 
 
 
“Schaeffler India Limited Q4 CY25  
Earnings Conference Call” 
February 25, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HARSHA KADAM – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MS. HARDEVI VAZIRANI – DIRECTOR OF FINANCE AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MS. GAURI KANIKAR – INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 25, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Schaeffler India Limited Q4 CY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant line will be in the  listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Gauri Kanikar. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Gauri Kanikar: 
Thank you. Hello, and welcome to Schaeffler India Limited Earnings Conference Call for the 
fourth quarter and 12 months ended December 31, 2025. We have with us from the management 
today, our Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Harsha Kadam; and our Director 
of Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Ms. Hardevi Vazirani. Mr. Kadam will first take us 
through a short presentation of the results, after which, we will open the floor for questions. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Kadam. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Thank you, Gauri, and good morning to all of you. A warm welcome to this earnings call. I have 
with me, CFO, Ms. Hardevi Vazirani as well. So let me straight away get into the flow. So let 
me take you through the brief presentation that has already been uploaded. 
 
So, I draw your attention to slide number 2, and I always begin my presentation with some 
success stories and success coming from the customer speaks high about the good work that we, 
as an organization, as a motion technology company have been striving to do over the years. 
Now that said, I'm on slide number 2.  In the quarter, Q4 2025, as you can see, we have been 
awarded a few awards, three coming predominantly from the customers, one from each of the 
business divisions that we play in and two of the coming from our CSR effort that we undertake 
as well. 
 
Let me start with the first award coming from Voith. We were awarded from our industrial 
customer Voith for the best performance and continuous commitment to excellence, 
fundamentally coming on the back of zero quality complaints in the last 12 months. This has 
been a commendable win, particularly based on the fact that we started business with Voith a 
couple of years back and our commitment to deliver the best quality products remains on top, 
and we have lived up to the expectations of the customer. 
 
The second award I would draw your attention to is from Eicher Motors. And here again, this is 
awarded in the aftermarket space fundamentally because of our outstanding contribution in 
supply chain transformation, wherein we have made investments to ensure on-time deliveries to 
our customer. And this too has been recognized for our performance in the quarter for the entire 
year 2025. 
 
The third award is from our esteemed customer, Mahindra & Mahindra. And this, again, is 
coming for on-time deliveries for the engine systems, which we have consistently maintained 
month after month, and we were recognized for this as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 25, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
 
Moving on, we were awarded in our corporate social responsibility initiative. Doing Good for 
Bharat Awards, which was held at South Asia's largest CSR and ESG Summit in New Delhi. 
Now this event focused predominantly on women and inclusion, employability and livelihood, 
which highlights impactful projects driving social change. 
 
Our project Women Skill Development and NITARA, which was showcased on the 10th of 
October 2025, reinforcing our commitment to empowering women and also fostering inclusive 
growth. And the last award that I wanted to share with you has been a consistent winner for us, 
our water conservation project that Jal Samruddhi won another award under ‘Beyond the Fence’ 
category. And this was at New Delhi again. 
 
Fundamentally, this is about water absorption trenches, the recharge ponds, the drainage line 
deepening and check dams that we have invested in building in an added region and also couple 
that with solar power pumps with drip irrigation systems that we have been able to consistently 
invest over the years, which has eventually enhanced water harvesting capacity of almost up to 
a height of 1.04 meters above the groundwater levels. This has impacted almost 2,500 people in 
the village around, and we are very proud of this corporate social responsibility projects that we 
remain committed to and we remain focused on. 
 
On that good note, let me now move to throw some light on the economy, and I move to Slide 
number 4.  As you can see from the GDP growth in India, India's momentum reflects a 
combination of domestic demand resilience, structural reform continuity and a clear growing 
role in the global supply chain. It goes without saying that the combination of the policy rate 
cuts, the regulatory relaxation for the banks, and to some extent, even the weaker exchange rates, 
they all eased the financial conditions in India. 
 
And not to mention, of course, the softening of the income tax and reduction in goods and 
services tax supported a kind of nascent recovery in our urban consumption, while rural 
consumption also showed sustained improvement. What is important to note is the inflation, 
which was significantly lower in 2025, as you can see in the chart down below, the overall 
average for last year 2025, the inflation has been averaging around 2.2%. And especially in Q4, 
as we can see, has recorded the lowest inflation ever at 0.8%. 
 
However, the core inflation on higher precious metals inflation, mainly on the gold and silver 
still remains high. The real private consumption showed a recovery as such. And overall, you'll 
find that has been a very substantial sound fundamentals within the Indian economy. When you 
look at the index of industrial production, you do see that in the quarter, there has been a further 
appreciation to an extent of 5% over the preceding quarter, which used to be at 3.8%. 
 
One of the hallmarks for last year, and that was specifically for Q4 last year, has been the GST 
2.0 reform, which has been a big boost for the automobile industry and the government's push 
which is a landmark step towards simplifying compliance as well as fueling economic growth. 
 
And particularly what this meant for the automobile sector is streamlined tax structures and 
lower cascading costs in manufacturing and after sales and obviously, resulting in an increased 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 25, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
affordability for the vehicle consumer. Now that said, overall, the automotive production growth 
in the quarter has been strong comparatively, which began to see a strong uptick. 
 
Now talking about the Consumer Price Index, the food inflation moderated. The core inflation 
stayed soft. Energy prices remain stable. Overall, all the indicators contributed to a very sound 
growth in GDP for the country. I would like to throw some light on the core sector performance. 
And to that, I ask you to look at Slide number 5. 
 
Now what you see here is the specific industrial sectors. And as you can see, month after month 
compared to the preceding year, every sector has posted pretty strong improvement and strong 
productivity growth as well. Cement production has been very strong, which contributes to 5.4% 
to the economy, has grown 10% overall. Steel production, close to 9%.  
 
Mining and coal have been muted a bit, but still in the positive range. Energy, which is clearly 
an indicator of the production and the manufacturing activity in the country also has remained 
stable, has not seen any decline. So, all things considered, performance has been strong in the 
industrial sector. 
 
And I will to be a little more specific on the automotive sector on Slide number 6. What you get 
to see is all the sectors have grown strongly, obviously, riding on the back of the GST 2.0 reforms 
that I earlier referred to. 
 
If you look at the 2-wheelers, as you can see, in the quarter, we had a strong growth month after 
month compared to the previous year and growing at an average of 8.6% at the annual level. 
Passenger vehicles, again, an 8% strong growth. Commercial vehicles, too, which was sluggish 
last year, has come back and has posted about 8.4% growth rate again. Tractors, again a very 
strong growth of 17.2%, as you can see. All in all, the biggest beneficiary of the GST 2.0 reforms 
clearly is a good indicator of a strong rebound in the automotive sector performance. 
 
Now if one were to look at the production numbers that have been registered, passenger vehicles 
almost have posted a strong growth, at 8%, the export numbers or export sales went up to 16% 
in passenger vehicles. Look at the commercial vehicles, there, again, it was a whooping 58% 
improvement for the entire year, January to December in the export market for commercial 
vehicles. 
 
And talk about 2-wheelers again, where we have seen a 24% increase in exports for the full year 
compared to the last year. So, all in all, very strong performance on the domestic sales at single 
digits, 9%. But on the export side, double-digit growth, all attributing, this is something that as 
Schaeffler India, we were able to leverage the growth in a very efficient and agile manner, which 
the numbers as I move into the next slide, will tell you. 
 
I'll move on to Slide number 8, wherein now I want to throw light on the quarter 4 performance. 
And as you can see here, the revenue, we closed the quarter at INR 2,643 crores, which was 
26.9% better than Q4 2024 and a 12% increase over the preceding quarter Q3 2025. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 25, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
 
This volume growth also resulted in a strong EBITDA, as you can see, bringing in INR 5,056 
million and resulting in an EBITDA margin of 19.1% in Q4 2025 as compared to 20.2% in 
preceding quarter. So strong bottom-line performance which ultimately resulted in a profit after 
tax of INR 328 crores in the quarter. 
 
One of the highlights has been the strong focus on free cash flow generation, which, as you can 
see, we have been able to bring in INR 254 crores into the kitty.  This has helped us to also shore 
up all the spending and the expenses decided in this quarter, which I think I'll share in the 
subsequent slides on this deck. It has been a pretty sound and good financial performance of the 
organization in   Q4.  It has been one of the best performances in the last 4 quarters for the entire 
year. 
 
Now while the market did enable our growth story, however I would like to attribute that our 
continuous preparedness in terms of acquiring new businesses also contributed strongly to the 
growth story. 
 
I draw your attention to Slide number 9, where our sustained business development activity in 
terms of new business wins, whether it is in the automotive technology space, we did have some 
good wins again on passenger vehicle clutches and the Dual Mass Flywheels. We had new 
business wins in the hydraulic cam phases as well. And we also had some clutch win businesses 
in the light vehicle category. 
 
Even on the vehicle lifetime solutions, we had some strong wins on the front-end auxiliary drive 
mechanisms and the timing kits for the passenger vehicles. We continued our focus on adding 
products to the portfolio as more Bharat VI stage vehicles started to come back for repairs. 
 
Lastly, on the Bearings and Industrial Solutions, we did have significant business wins, 
particularly in the product lines of ball bearings, needle roller bearings in the 2-wheeler sector 
and in the needle bearings as well. Some of the industrial applications on the spherical, the 4-
row and the 2-rows cylindrical roller bearings along with the tapered roller bearings, specifically 
in the cement and the steel sectors as such. So, this has been our endeavor continuously to ensure 
that we have pipeline of business win coming so that we are ever prepared to capitalize as the 
demand begins to show more traction. 
 
With that, I now move to the third part of the agenda, which is the financial highlights, and I 
draw your attention to Slide number 11, revenue from operations. As I mentioned earlier, when 
you look at the top chart and you look at the 2025 bars, you will find that quarter-on-quarter, we 
have been able to demonstrate a sustained growth and the last quarter, Q4 has been a significant 
increase, as you can see in terms of the revenue. 
 
At an annualized level, we have closed the year with INR 9,395 crores as turnover. And if one 
were to look at Q4, the quarter-on-quarter growth has been 12% and the year-on-year growth of 
26.9%. So very strong top line growth has been demonstrated. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 25, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
 
Now where is this coming from? If you look at the table, the bridge below, you will find that the 
automotive brought into the system, for the quarter, INR 270 crores, aftermarket too, 
contributing INR 43 crores and Bearings and Industrial Solutions bringing in INR 120 crores. 
 
And our export business bounce back very strongly in the last quarter, and that came in at about 
INR 128 crores. All in all, helping us to close the quarter with INR 2,643 crores for Q4, which 
is a clear 12% better than the preceding quarter and a 26.9% better than the same period 
compared to last year. 
 
Now that said, obviously, our mix, how is that looking now? And as you can see, we still 
continue to sustain a pretty balanced mix of automotive, OEM business and our Bearings and 
Industrial business at 35% and 39%, respectively. The aftermarket, too, has performed much 
better and registered 11% share of the total sales mix, with our exports sustained at 15%, which 
is exactly in line with our plan as such. 
 
Now that said, I move to the earnings quality slide, which is on Slide number 12. And here, what 
you see is the EBITDA performance for the quarter, once again demonstrating that every quarter-
on-quarter, we have been able to increase our EBITDA numbers. And as you can see, while at 
an annualized level, we were able to deliver 19.6%. What you see is a quarter on 6.2% better 
than the preceding quarter, bringing in INR 505 crores into the kitty.  
 
Now the bridge clearly explained as to where did this come from. The gross margin contributed 
with a blend of mix and volume effect that is coming in. We did have some expenses related to 
employee cost and some operating expenses, but all in all, strong bottom-line performance,  
which has resulted in a strong profit after tax, clearly visible in the third bar chart.  
 
I would also wish to point out that there were some special or exceptional expenses that were 
coming in, and we have ensured that the impact has been absorbed, impacts coming due to 
regulatory changes on the Labour Code, which was attributing almost 0.8% for the quarter and 
which we have already absorbed that in the results that you see. So, with that, despite the 
absorptions, we have been able to post a strong profit after tax, at 12.4% compared to the 12% 
of the preceding year, Q4 of last year. 
 
I now move to the working capital and the capex spend on Slide number 13. Our commitment 
to invest in capex continues. It may look that we are spending lower capex than what was spent 
last year because we have now started to leverage and ensure the sweating of the assets that we 
have already invested in last year. So we have judiciously started to adjust our investments in 
line with the demand and in line with the capacity that we have already installed. However, as a 
percentage to sales, we continue to operate at about 4% of sales in the last quarter. 
 
We did have some good control on the working capital management. And in the quarter, we 
were able to manage and get the working capital as a percentage to sales down to 17.9% in Q4 
which is much better than the 19%, which we were there for the same period last year or even 
on the preceding quarter, which was at close to 19%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 25, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
 
So that said, I did talk about the strongest performance also has been on free cash flow 
generation. And as you can see, the year-on-year change in the quarter, 56% improvement in the 
quarter itself has been a clear demonstration of the effort, sustained effort of the entire team to 
ensure that we bring in the cash to run the operations in a smooth and an efficient manner. 
 
With that, I move to Slide number 14, which talks about the key performance indicators. And I 
already talked about the revenue in the quarter coming in and at an annualized level, closing the 
year with INR 9,395 crores which is a clear growth of 16.3% over the previous year. EBITDA 
at 19.6%, which definitely is better than the 18.5% that we delivered last year, resulting in an 
EBIT margin of 16.1%, again, better than the previous year's 15.2%. Profit after tax at 12.7%, it 
is better than 12.1% last year. And obviously, the free cash flow has been strong as well 
comparatively in this 12-month period. 
 
I move to Slide number 15, which gives you the consolidated picture of our own subsidiary as 
well, the KRSV Innovative Auto Solutions Private Limited. KRSV or Koovers as we call it, also 
has been able to generate a revenue of INR 81.5 crores in the quarter, although we still have 
some way to go in the bottom-line performance. All I can say is that the performance of Koovers 
or KRSV is exactly in line with our plan. And at a consolidated level for the Q4, the revenue 
stands at INR 2,724 crores with an EBITDA of 18.4% consolidated, resulting in an EBIT before 
exceptional items of 15%. 
 
And with that, I now move to another important subject, which is the dividend payout on Slide 
number 16. Yesterday, we concluded the Board meeting and the Board of Directors have 
recommended INR 35 dividend per share payout, which is well within our targeted dividend 
payout ratio, which we try and keep it between 30% to 50% of the net income. And I'm happy 
to say that this has been finally approved per equity share of INR 35. And this is something now 
that will result in the execution of it going forward as well. 
 
With that, I also want to draw your attention to another milestone that we crossed on Slide 
number 17. I must say that we are extremely proud that we have been now evaluated by S&P 
Dow Jones Sustainability Index score, and we came out with flying colors and Schaeffler India 
Limited has been ranked first in India. 
 
And incidentally, Schaeffler India has been ranked seventh globally as well. Now this, to us, is 
a very important step, clearly demonstrating our focus on our sustainability focus and the ESG 
targets that we have set for ourselves. And post the evaluation, the overall CSA scope stood at 
76 out of 100, which was a clear 40-point increase from the earlier evaluation that we did. And 
clearly, this is very motivating for us. 
 
Looking at all the 3 areas of environment, social as well as governance, we are happy to see that 
we have continued to establish strong credentials and build confidence in the stakeholder 
community, and we will continue to work on whatever little gaps do exist. We have clearly 
identified action plans to that effect, and we will continue to work towards that. 
 
I move to Slide number 18 to summarize, and we continue with a clear double-digit growth 
momentum, which we have delivered every quarter, and we have sustained that on a much 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 25, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
stronger footing in the Q4. As a result of which the volume growth, our earnings quality also has 
improved which is managing our capital efficiency very well and a clear focus on our 
localization, which we continue to march ahead, and we have managed in the quarter to take up 
the localization percentage as well. 
 
Capex, as I already mentioned, that we continue to keep the focus and watch the market 
developments and accordingly keep adjusting our sales when it comes to capex as well as 
leverage, the already installed capacities that we have put in our plants. I'm happy to say that the 
last quarter, the capacity utilization in our plants have been pretty robust. And we had all the 
plants running well above 85% capacity utilization. 
 
And on this note, positive traction in the marketplace, sound footing, the fundamentals being 
strong, our focus clearly on growth, pipeline generation and managing the cost elements within 
our operations, we enter 2026, and we look forward to a sustained growth and continue to deliver 
the strong results that we have much to the expectations of all our stakeholders. 
 
Thank you very much. I hand over the call now to Gauri. 
Gauri Kanikar: 
We can now begin the question-and-answer session, please. 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
I'll just get the bookkeeping question out of the way. First, on the other expenses. This quarter, 
we've seen that rise to about INR 400 crores. Is there any lumpy item that you want to call out 
within that? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
Yes. Just give me a minute.  
Mukesh Saraf: 
Yes, sure. 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
For the quarter, that means quarter vis-a-vis quarter, we have other expenses in total, increasing 
by INR 72 crores. Within these INR 72 crores, we have certain services and true-up of costs for 
which the bills of the previous quarters were received in Q4. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Okay. Okay. So there's no one-off as such. It's just a timing of certain costs that are bunching up 
this quarter? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
Absolutely. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Got it. And now on the business itself, we've kind of seen that there's a large plant of the 
competitor on SRB, CRB for the industrial segment now beginning operations. So, I mean, have 
you started seeing any increase in competitive intensity, say, for segments like iron and steel, 
cement, etc, on the SRB, CRB bearings, given localization has increased within the industry. So 
anything that you could highlight there? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes. Mukesh, so rightfully, our strategy is very clear. We keep increasing our localization 
content, I think last quarter, we reached a percentage of 78%, correct, localization? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 25, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
Yes. 
Harsha Kadam: 
It was at 78%. So clearly, we will continue on this journey to localize and predominantly, our 
focus is on the spherical roller bearings, where we see a lot more potential to continue the 
localization. 
 
So the other part of your question is there increased activity in terms of competition? Well, 
competition always exists in the market, and we acknowledge the presence of the competition. 
However, our focus remains of turning our own growth strategy. We'll continue to do that. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Got it. Got it. And secondly, your Automotive Technologies growth is quite strong. And I think 
in the past, you have kind of mentioned that you have decent supplies for strong hybrids. So 
have we started seeing any benefit? Because I think we've seen one launch, one mass market 
launch on the hybrid side from a large OEM. And we also noticed that a lot of the other OEMs 
are talking about a lot more hybrids, say, in the next coming year or so. So one is, have you 
already started seeing some benefit? And secondly, are you seeing a significant increase in 
activity levels with respect to hybrid powertrains? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Let me treat that. There are 2 parts to the question. One, yes, we already have a business win on 
the hybrids, which we have started the series production as well as supplies from our Indian 
plant. Certainly, there are a few more projects in the hybrid space with some of our esteemed 
customers that we are working with, correct. And they have to go through the homologation and 
the validation process, which is work in progress. I'm sure we will sustain that as well. 
 
Regarding, is there an increased interest from our OEM customers, I guess we will have to wait 
and watch because, yes, hybrids too have become very attractive for our OEM customers. So 
while the battery electric vehicles also have seen an upswing, we're also seeing a traction on the 
hybrid technology. We believe that both these will coexist going forward as well. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Right. And the CPV, the content for us is higher in hybrid vis-a-vis C&I? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, obviously, because the hybrid technology, what we deliver is at a module and subsystem 
level. So the value of which is definitely much higher, which obviously raises the content per 
vehicle. That's number one. Number two, the hybrid product or solution that we offer is an add-
on to the ICE engine technology, so it kind of obviously increases our content per vehicle. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Abhishek Ghosh from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Sir, in terms of Vitesco, if you can just help us understand where are we in terms of the 
integration? Are the benefits of that already accruing in terms of the new wins that you have 
spoken about? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
Yes. Can you come closer to the mic? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, you are not so audible, please. Can you repeat that? 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Is it better? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 25, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, that's better. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Sir, my question was around Vitesco. Where are we in that journey in terms of the integration 
of the operations? Are we already seeing some benefits of coming through in terms of new wins 
or the margin profile? Just the thoughts on the Vitesco integrations, sir. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes. As we already have concluded a merger of the Vitesco, in front of the customer, there is 
only one brand that is represented and that is Schaeffler. Regarding your question as to whether 
we have new business wins, of course, we do have new business wins. We have a lot of business 
wins in the BMS or the Battery Management System, as we call it, particularly in the Battery 
Electric Vehicle space with a couple of our OEMs. 
 
I think our designs have been approved, and that's something we foresee. So surely, there's a lot 
of offerings since it's in the electronic and in the hardware space, coupled with the software that 
we give. I think we are seeing very good response, and we believe that we can definitely leverage 
the offering going forward. We have started to consolidate and grow our offerings with many 
other OEMs as well. 
 
So surely, Vitesco portfolio is very complementary to our mechanical product offerings that we 
have been giving all these years. And we now are on a stronger footing to give a much higher 
value add to our own customers. And we see that already represented in the new business wins 
like the BMS that I talked to you about. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Okay, sir. That's helpful. Sir, just in terms of the exports, we have seen very strong growth 
coming in there as well. So is it base catching up? From a particular region, are you seeing good 
demand from wind or any segment, which is driving? If you can help us with that, sir. 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
I mean, so far as our exports is concerned, the numbers that we report does not have wind in it. 
Our sales to the wind customers is in our domestic sales who onwards export their products. If 
we talk only about our own export, we have seen the growth coming from all the regions, mainly 
from Europe and Asia Pacific. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, there are 2 parts that Abhishek was asking. One is our own exports to assist our concerns 
across the globe. Wind since you've touched upon, our own wind business has grown quite 
significant at an annualized level. We have already grown 17% to 18% over the last year 
comparatively. Even in the quarter, while the quarter was a little lower compared Q4 over the 
same period last year was just about 4% growth. 
 
But Q4 over Q3 was still a 15% double-digit growth that we have registered. So a strong 
performance in the quarter from our wind business. And as Hardevi was already explaining, we 
don't bracket or categorize the wind sector business under exports. Our customers will be 
exporting those equipments, but that we don't treat that as export for us, it's a domestic sale. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Got that, sir. Sir, one last thing is, you called out your utilizations are north of 80%. How are 
continuing to grow at a much higher pace. And you also largely in the CY '25, you have 
moderated your capex. So how should we look at the capex from a 2- to 3-year perspective, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 25, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
given that your parent has also rolled out a 5-year strategy for you all? In this light, sir, how 
should we look at it? Will growth get compromised at any point in time because of capacity 
constraints because your pace of growth is far higher than the underlying industry? So that was 
the last question. 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
So I will explain your question in two parts. Yes, our capacity utilization is over 85%. However, 
the plants continuously work on improvement of productivity and OEE through some small 
measures. So they can still absorb a much better capital utilization. The second part is, yes, we 
had moderated our capex in the year 2025 deliberately, because we wanted to focus on utilization 
and capital efficiency. However, talking about 2026, we will be stepping up again to the average 
of previous 3 years level over INR 500 crores to begin with in 2026, the numbers, which were 
announced by Mr. Rosenfeld, our Group CEO, are for the period of 2026 to 2030. And beginning 
'26, you will see the capex scaling up. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Also, if I may add, Abhishek, if you look at our performance, we have strived to always deliver 
a double-digit growth rate. And clearly, on a midterm frame, as Hardevi pointed out, we want to 
sustain a double-digit growth rate. If we had to do that, obviously, it goes without saying 
commensurate with the growth rates. We will have to continue our capacity investments as well. 
We will continue to do that. 
 
What we want to do is also look at the market dynamics and bringing the appropriate products 
into India for localization, not do something in a hurry, and then we realize that the market has 
changed. So it's important that we align our capacity investments in line with the future product 
demands that are very specific to India needs. So hence, we would moderate at times. However, 
we might even accelerate at times. You will see this happening. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
I have one question. Sir, India and the European Union is expected to sign a trade agreement 
shortly, detailed one. So will there be any benefit come on our way? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
Yes. So surely, there will be benefits coming our way, specifically when we talk about import 
of raw materials and components, the child part, where we expect. However, further details of 
FTA are not announced. Currently, we are paying duty in the range of 7.5% to 15% on import 
of raw material. But the new rates have not been announced as yet. Talking about imports of 
finished goods, yes, as a group, we will be benefited. But even there, the rates have not been 
announced. On exports to Europe, the import duty is already in the range of 0% to 2% there we 
do not see any major benefit or change. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Also, I think it's pertinent, Mahesh, to also factor that some of the component level imports that 
we do is because we do not have suppliers locally. So while we have strived to localize the 
development of these components as well. Now with the FDA getting signed, obviously, it is 
important for us to revisit those strategies as well because if it is now competitive to continue to 
import the components, should we go for localization. That is something we will definitely take 
cognizance of. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 25, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. 
Balasubramanian: 
Congratulations for good set of numbers. My first question, you've mentioned the wind business 
growth rate 17% to 18%. But if you look at last quarter, some sluggishness because of timing 
differences in project-based sectors like wind and railways. I'm trying to understand in the Q4 
improvement, it's simply the realization of those delayed projects? And if you could give some 
update on the railway side. It's only because of the wind or we are seeing improvement on the 
railway side also? 
Harsha Kadam: 
So Mr. Balasubramanian, you have asked that the right questions. So, if we look at all the sectors 
that we operate in and do business in, some of the sectors also have a business cycle that are 
time dependent as well. So in the fourth quarter of last year, for us, the railway and the wind 
actually posted lower numbers. 
 
But it was definitely not in the negative range. It's better, but then compared to the other sectors, 
such as power transmission or the raw material sectors or industrial automation or even the 
aftermarket business, what we see is that while all these sectors registered a very robust growth, 
there were a couple of sectors, which showed a little weaker growth. And I would say this is due 
to the timing issue or some of them are tender-based businesses. So tenders not forthcoming. So 
this is what I would talk about the the railways as one of the sectors and the wind energy. 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
I mean having said that, and Harsha said that full year growth was very impressive. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Very impressive. 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
But if we look at quarter-on-quarter change, there are of course, project-based and tender-based 
timing issues. 
Balasubramanian: 
Got it madam. Madam, my next question, on the KRSV side, we have seen the losses have been 
widened nearly 18.3% or 14.7% in this quarter. What are the specific milestones for CY '26 to 
get a track for 2027 breakeven? And our current strategy is basically store expansion since 
majorly prioritizing top line growth at the cost out for higher expenses, when will the focus will 
shift into profitability? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
So in 2026, you will see that we have done quite a good infrastructure set up on dark store and 
hub now and this growth will now moderate in 2026. And more focus will be on the channel and 
product mix from now onwards because we have sufficient dark stores and hubs in place. So, 
more focus will be on channel mix.  We have 3 channels there, wholesalers, retailers and 
workshops. So we will be balancing our channel mix there as well as we will be looking at the 
product mix based on different geographies. So, moving forward, you will see that the financial 
parameters will start improving. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Also, if I may add, the last 2 years, we've been investing in establishing the infrastructure base, 
which we have done. And now we have a very clear plan when to breakeven. What is important 
is to stay focused on the services mix that we have, the product mix that we have as well as 
increase the efficiency of the processes that we have put in place. So the focus is on how do we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 25, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
increase the business and sales to happen in each of the locations that we have started to operate 
in and we have started to keep the focus high on deliverables from each of those places where 
we have started to invest in. 
 
So the last quarter performance clearly indicates that we are well on track to deliver the numbers. 
In fact, we did see some better improvement in profitability as well going forward. I'm sure we 
will be able to register or sustain the same momentum and deliver in line with the plan that we 
have set for Koovers. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Raghunandhan N. L. from Nuvama Research. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Congratulations, sir, once again for the stellar number. Sir, on the Shoolagiri plant, can you 
indicate how the capacity ramp-up is expected to pan out in future? If possible, can you indicate 
the investment in CY '25 and '26 and how you see the capacity utilization in '26? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
So capacity utilization in all of our plants is over 85% currently. And this year's capex was in 
the range of INR 375 crores to INR 400 crores. We will be, again, scaling this up in 2026 in line 
with what we did from 2022 to 2024. So we have continued to invest in capacities for the 
products which are relevant for market and new technologies that the market is expecting. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Noted ma'am. On relocation of the clutch line from U.K. to Hosur plant, has this reflected in 
revenue in Q4? Can you indicate the revenue potential for this clutch line in CY '26? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
So the relocation is done. However, it takes time to lay out the complete lines and then we will 
see the realization. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Work in progress. 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
Yes. So the full realization we will see in this year. However, still we will not be disclosing the 
numbers as the order books are being relocated based on the stocks availability at different 
locations. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Noted, ma'am. On the e-Axle, can you indicate how the progress is happening? How are you 
expecting the ramp-up to take place for next year, given that you already have a very large order 
book there? 
Harsha Kadam: 
So let me start on the e-Axle with the numbers that we had projected for 2025. I'm happy to say 
that we have exceeded those numbers, which is very encouraging for us because we have started 
to invest in the next phase of localization of the production itself, which is going according to 
the plan that we have already laid out. 
 
That said, and looking at the -- all customer vehicles winning in the marketplace. We are now 
seeing more traction for new platforms as well, which we have started to engage with other 
customers. So rightfully, as and when we have the new business wins that come up, you will get 
to hear in the future earnings call as well from us. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 25, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
On exports, can you indicate how do you see the demand conditions in key geographies? And 
recently, there was this news on the RoDTEP scheme, where the incentive has been reduced by 
half. So would you be able to quantify how much was the roadmap export incentives for CY '25. 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
So we see that the order book for 2026 is in line with last year. That means 2025. In 2025, we 
already saw the demand coming back. But moving forward, we don't see that the same 
momentum of 35% will continue. Now it will moderate based on the economic growth 
projections specifically of Europe and Asia Pacific, we do not see that it will be more than 5% 
to 10%. So that is going to be the export scenario in 2026. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
And would you have it handy, the RoDTEP export incentive for CY '25? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
No, I will let Investor Relations reach out to you. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. 
Harshit Patel: 
Sir, my first question is on the BIS segment. We have posted a very healthy growth on both Y-
o-Y as well as Q-o-Q basis after a few relatively muted quarter. What changed in this particular 
quarter? You have highlighted the timing of projects in railways and wind as one of the reasons. 
Could you also highlight other factors? And do you believe that the current revenue run rate will 
further accelerate from here in this segment? 
Harsha Kadam: 
So Harshit, is your question towards the other sector performance? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
In Q4. 
Harshit Patel 
Q4. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, if one were to look at our Q4 performance, compared to Q4 last year, you would see a 
double-digit growth in all the other sectors on the industrial space, which is a clear indicator that, 
obviously, the market demand had a positive traction, which we were able to better leverage. So 
as I already mentioned, some of the weaker performance was from the wind and rail, but 
however, all the other sectors registered a very strong performance in the quarter. 
Harshit Patel: 
Right. Understood. Secondly, on the automotive technology, we have posted a growth of almost 
42% Y-o-Y, significantly ahead of the automotive production volumes growth in the country. 
Obviously, you have mentioned some of the key business wins that you have registered for the 
past several quarters and that would have definitely contributed. But would you say that the 
majority of the growth in this particular quarter would have come from the ramp-up of the E-
axle project. Would that project have the highest share of the growth that we have posted? And 
I mean, obviously, the growth rate could moderate from this very high level, but should we 
continue to see the heightened kind of growth in the Automotive Technology segment ahead? 
Harsha Kadam: 
So let me clarify that while what you said about the e-mobility business growth being very strong 
for us, yes, it's a fact as our customer models are being in the market, and so we are riding on 
their success. And it goes without saying that we will continue to increase our competitiveness 
here by way of the localization phase 2 that is currently ongoing in the production lines for our 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 25, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
e-axles. However, I must also point out that even in the internal combustion application, I see 
engine applications, we have registered pretty strong growth whether it is in the clutch 
applications or in the damper systems, so engine and transmission applications also we have 
registered pretty strong wins. 
 
As I already pointed out, we continuously strive to secure new business wins, and we had a very 
strong book-to-bill ratio going forward. We remain focused on ensuring that we continue to 
create the pipeline and accordingly also make the appropriate investments in production 
capacities even for the ICE engines as we believe that in the midterm, we still see growth 
happening in the ICE engine applications as such. 
 
So it goes without saying that even if it were to grow at 4% to 6% GST 2.0 reforms, 
notwithstanding, it is a clear indicator that we must continue to invest if we want to sustain the 
growth and also capitalize the market opportunity that we see. So there have been areas like train 
systems as well, we have started to focus. 
 
The numbers are small, but we're confident going forward, the built-in chain drive systems. So 
all the application and the products that go in and around the ICE engines, we continue to keep 
our focus. And what you see in the Q4 is exactly that, the focus has helped us to grow at very 
strong double-digit growth rate in Q4 even in the ICE engine application. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Sagar Parekh from Renaissance Asset Managers. 
Sagar Parekh: 
I think you've answered my question, but essentially, I just wanted to understand this FTA with 
EU, just I'm reiterating what you said. So you said that on the export side, there is no impact 
because the rates are almost 0% to 2%, right? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Correct. 
Sagar Parekh: 
And on the import side, you are still waiting for the rates to be seen like right now 7.5% duty. If 
that goes down, then we can see more imports from EU, right understanding? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
Absolutely. 
Sagar Parekh: 
Okay, sir. And anything on the U.S. FTA, where we can see some momentum or nothing there? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
No, there is nothing as such. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Also, the U.S. FTA clarity is still to come, correct? The commodity or on item level is still not 
being ready. But I think our exports to U.S. is also not very big. So I don't think that would be. 
Sagar Parekh: 
But can it become meaningful if there is some material changes in the rates? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Well, again, I guess, the similar pattern would emerge where the import duties would have to 
come down because the amount of contention is what has imported into India, right? What goes 
out of India, obviously, if the export duties were kept at 0 or rather import into U.S. were kept 
at 0. We don't see that any differentiation there as such. So we believe that, yes, our export 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 25, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
INTERNAL 
business would strive purely on our own competitiveness in the Indian market space, when 
looked at globally. So, I guess that's the only differentiating factor that we have. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants. That concludes 
the question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Gauri Kanikar: for 
closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Gauri Kanikar: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. If you have any further questions, please do reach 
out to me at gauri.kanikar@schaeffler.com. With this, we conclude the call and wish you a good 
rest of the day. Thank you. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Thank you. Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Schaeffler India, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
 
Registered Office: 15th Floor, ASTP (Amar Sadanand Tech Park),  
Baner, Pune – 411045, Maharashtra  
Contact Details: Investorsupport.IN@schaeffler.com  
Website: www.schaeffler.co.in  
CIN: L29130PN1962PLC204515 
