 
Page 1 of 1 
 
Wednesday, February 11, 2026  
 
Ref: PRL/BSE&NSE/2025-2026/50.                                                         
 
To, 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 544487 
To, 
 The Listing Department 
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
 Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra  
 Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),            
 Mumbai - 400 051.        
Symbol: PATELRMART      
                                                                              
Subject: Transcript of“Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call”. 
Respected Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulation, 2015 read with Para A and Part A of schedule Ill of the 
said regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call held on February 09, 2026. 
 
The said Presentation will be simultaneously posted on the Company’s website at 
https://patelrpl.in/investor-relations/ 
 
This for information, dissemination and record purpose.                                                
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Patel Retail Limited 
 
 
Prasad Ramesh Khopkar 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer)    
 
Enclosure: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call.  
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED
Q 
Regd. & Corporate Office :
Plot No. M-2. Udyog Bhavan No.5, Anand Nagar,
Additional M.I.D.C.Ambernath (E) -421 506.
Mumbai, Maharashtra. India.
Q 
0251 26201 90/2628400
0 
www.patelrpl.in | E-mail : patelretailpvtltd@gmail.com
CIN: L52100MH2007PLC171625
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS
Prasad Ramesh Khopkar
Digitally signed by Prasad 
Ramesh Khopkar 
Date: 2026.02.11 15:32:21 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Patel Retail Limited 
Q3 & 9 months FY 26 Results Conference Call” 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DHANJI PATEL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
 
MR. RAHUL PATEL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
 
MR. HITESH SAWLANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. RONAK – KIRIN ADVISORS PRIVATE LIMITED 
 

 
 
Patel Retail Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Patel Retail Limited Q3 and 9 months FY 26 
Results Conference Call hosted by Kirin Advisors Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ronak from Kirin Advisors Private Limited. Thank you 
and over to you Mr. Ronak.  
Ronak: 
Yes, thank you. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to 
the conference call of Patel Retail Limited for Q3 and 9 month FY 26 results. From the 
management team, we have Mr. Dhanji Patel, Chairman and Managing Director. Mr. Rahul 
Patel, Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Hitesh Sawlani, Chief Financial Officer. Now I hand over 
the call to Mr. Rahul for the opening remarks. Over to you, sir.  
Rahul Patel: 
Thank you Ronak. Good afternoon. On behalf of the entire management team, we extend our 
heartfelt gratitude to all our shareholders, investors and partners for their continued trust and 
support in our journey. Patel Retail Limited is a fast-growing value-driven retail and FMCG 
company with focus on spices, having an integrated model spanning retail, manufacturing and 
exports. 
 
The company operates stores under the flagship brand Patel's R Mart, owned brands like Indian 
Chaska, Patel Fresh and Patel Essential under manufacturing. Under manufacturing, the 
company is focused on private label manufacturing and key brands in this vertical are Indian 
Chaska, Patel Fresh, Blue Nation and other home care brands.  
 
The company has set priority to increase private label contribution as private label supports 
higher gross margins, better inventory control and strong brand equity. The company plans to 
increase private label contribution to 22% from current 17% over the next two years. Under 
manufacturing and processing, management continues to focus on improving capacity utilization 
while leveraging a strong base of backward integration. 
 
Strict cost discipline is maintained through extensive in-house processing and testing capabilities 
enabling better control over quality, efficiency and overall cost structure. Private label 
contribution continues to increase and is positively impacting margins.  
 
Starting with a single grocery outlet in 1990, we have today evolved into one of the most trusted 
neighborhood supermarket chains in Mumbai metropolitan region, operating 49 stores across 
Thane, Raigad with over 2.10 lakh square feet of retail space. Our cluster-based expansion model 
ensures strong local market dominance, supply chain efficiency and cost control. We serve 
India's growing lower middle class and aspiring upper middle class consumers with a wide range 
of groceries, staples and FMCG.  

 
 
Patel Retail Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
The following performance reflects our Q3 FY 26 results. Our income grew by 35.51% year on 
year to INR311.12 crores. We significantly improved our profitability with EBITDA climbing 
63.59% year on year to INR24.91 crores, bringing our EBITDA margin to 8.01%, an increase 
of 137 basis points. Our PAT showed exceptional growth surging 95.89% year on year to INR12 
crores and our PAT increased by 119 basis points to 3.86%. This excellent quarter resulted in an 
EPS of INR3.59 reflecting an 44.18% growth.  
 
For the nine months of FY 26, we successfully maintained our growth trajectory. Our total 
income for nine months reached INR719.75 crores marking an 19.05% year on year increase. 
We grew our EBITDA by 33.79% to INR60.34 crores achieving an EBITDA margin of 8.38% 
which shows an improvement of 104 basis points. 
 
Our PAT for nine months increased by 60.59% year on year to INR29.07 crores with PAT 
percent improving by 104 basis points to 4.04%. Overall our EPS for the nine month year was 
INR10.08 representing a solid 36.22% growth. This results underline a steady growth trajectory 
and the benefits of integrated business model. Hello? Yes, we can take on Q&A now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Vinod Shah from VS Ventures. Please go ahead.  
Vinod Shah: 
Yes, good evening. So I have some couple of questions. So how realistic is the target of 
increasing private label contribution from 17% to 22% plus in the medium term?  
Rahul Patel: 
Right. Sir, by way, by focusing on the placement of that products, we are also trying to enter 
into the suburban markets of the exterior of other states when it comes to brand Indian Chaska. 
We are trying to introduce new SKUs that we have found essential in the current years and is 
catching on the trend to be made under our own brand. Overall, it's just about giving the better 
quality at the right price and eventually we'll see the growth from 17% to 22%.  
Vinod Shah: 
Okay, okay. And which private label like categories like spices, staples and FMCG apparel are 
driving the highest growth?  
Rahul Patel: 
For now, it is Indian Chaska which we had launched around a year back. We did an exceptional 
revenue of around INR8 crores this year and we plan to grow on 15% to 20% month on month. 
The overall percentage at the year-end should give you an overall impact of 2%-3% by just 
Indian Chaska. 
 
And when it comes to other brand Patel Essentials, Blue Nation and our Indian Chaska but not 
the powder spices, but the other segments where we do snacks which we sell in our own stores, 
that should contribute the rest of it, right?  
Vinod Shah:  
Okay. And one last question, how does Patel Retail manage quality control and brand trust as 
private label volumes scale up?  
Rahul Patel:  
Yes. So sir, we have our own manufacturing unit, one is in Mumbai, the other two are in Kutch. 
So we have different products being processed in different facilities. That's how we maintain the 
contamination and the allergen control. And when it comes to the quality control sir, we have 

 
 
Patel Retail Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
our own in-house lab which is very well equipped with very advanced machinery which help us 
control the what we must say as the parameters in certain products. 
 
Like for example I'll give you of chilli powder. We have a machinery called HPLC which 
calculates our the heat value as well as the color value of the product. It also helps us calculate 
the curcumin of the turmeric. So all of these instruments help us in giving the consistent quality 
to our consumers which they are used to, right? 
 
And plus our in-process quality control is where it helps us to control our rejection and 
eventually helps us in maintaining the cost for the same as well, right? Yes sir, so these are the 
facilities that we have and these are the practices that we follow which help us giving the same 
quality to the consumers which has been accepted from time to time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Priyansh Miri from Family Office . Please go ahead. 
Priyansh Miri: 
Yes, thank you Rahul for giving me this opportunity. Sir, very great set of numbers, 
congratulations. I have few questions. What is our current year utilization sir on manufacturing 
side of things?  
Rahul Patel: 
So from manufacturing side of things, our current utilization when we talk in the season it's close 
to 80% to 85%. Since the utilization of those machineries are calculated on the yearly basis, you 
would see a significant not significant but a drop to 20%-30% less because some of the products 
that we do process are seasonal in nature. 
 
But to tackle that problem and to get a consistent utilization of our assets, what we have done is 
to increase the bandwidth of the product within our private labels as I said earlier, right? So let's 
say a cumin, when it comes to the domestic market or the export market, the main season is from 
February start and goes on till July end. 
 
The supply is adequate throughout the year but the actual volume comes within this month. But 
to tackle that particular problem, we have introduced our own brand, we have introduced a 
product line of whole spices under our brand Indian Chaska which helps us create that efficiency 
in the asset utilization. 
 
And similarly with other units as well. For powder spices we have introduced Indian Chaska, 
for our atta unit plant we have introduced Patel Fresh. We also are doing private labels so that 
also helps us in utilization of our assets.  
 
We are also approaching our export clients who have for with the service of one-stop where if 
say a client is growing and want to introduce all kind of SKUs, we have in regards to the food 
industry precisely spices, whole spices, atta and sesame and peanut. So we are offering them the 
service of private label as well. 
 
So that's another way that we are using our machineries. And when it comes to peanut, we have 
a plan of so we do deshelling of peanut but we also do the removal of the skin of the peanut 
which is eventually turned into a snack that we eat these days as well as it is used in peanut 
butter as well, right?  

 
 
Patel Retail Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
So eventually we plan on introducing our brand in peanut butter as well with our distribution 
channel which has been set by Indian Chaska, right? So it is one step at a time, right? So we 
have introduced Indian Chaska right now in multiple states and moving forward with that similar 
line we are going to introduce other products in regards to that same units as well. 
 
So that's our plan to increase our utilization and right now the utilization in season comes to 
around 90% and when it's not season it is around 45% to 48%.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Okay, thank you sir for this detailed answer. Also sir when it comes to our store sales growth 
right for our retail sales channel, what sort of number is there for same store sales growth SSSG?  
Hitesh Salwani: 
Yes, it would be around 8%.  
Rahul Patel: 
Yes, go on, Hitesh.  
Hitesh Salwani: 
8%. The same store growth is 8% for year-on-year basis.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Sir, this is a blanket number, right, including our white label and also the other brands product 
that we have?  
Hitesh Salwani: 
Blended number, correct.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Blended number. Is there any special tracking, sir, for our white label products, particularly in 
terms of say volume growth that we are witnessing? 
Rahul Patel: 
Yes, we are tracking the private label growth on our retail store as well. We are growing almost 
in the range of 17% to 20% and it is growing year-on-year basis.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Okay. One more question, sir. On our planned capex for next say one or two years, what is our 
distribution on our say manufacturing or expansion of retail site? Can you throw some light on 
that?  
Rahul Patel: 
Please repeat your question? 
Priyansh Miri: 
What is our capex plan, sir, on our manufacturing as well as retail side of the business?  
Rahul Patel: 
So capex for the retail store is almost INR1,500 per square foot and on an average we have a 
5,000 square foot store size. And as far as manufacturing and processing capex is concerned, we 
already have enough capex installed to meet the supply.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Okay. So in manufacturing, we might not require any further capex for next three years, right? 
Is that understanding correct, sir?  
Rahul Patel: 
Yes, you can say that.  
Management: 
From manufacturing side, certainly not. 
Priyansh Miri: 
Okay.  

 
 
Patel Retail Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Management: 
So until and unless we expand the retail.  
Rahul Patel: 
Yes, until and unless we introduce a new product line, right, which would require some kind of 
modification within the machinery itself which is already been installed. The base of all product 
has been installed, right. Let's say I have a machinery of mango pulp right now. The same 
machinery can be used to make a tomato puree as well with very minor modifications. So only 
in those cases, there will be utilization of capex for manufacturing part. But aside from that, 
whatever work we are doing right now we have enough capacity to cater for the next two three 
years.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Sure sir. One question, sir, on product side of things. Like there are -- like, globally, when we 
see such smaller company like ours right, there are case study when they have actually moved 
on to from basic processing to more of a specialized product, like chocolate, right? Let's take 
example of mango puree or peanut-based chocolates, right? So is there any plan, like how we 
plan our product innovation or do we have any pipeline for getting into such specialized product 
where margin could be further high? Like two, three level of processing into a product? 
Rahul Patel: 
Right. So as I explained earlier, right, when we were talking about utilization of our capacity. 
So right now, what we have done is we have introduced five plants, five units under one unit. 
We eventually plan on turning all of them into a value-driven products such as, let's say, we 
would from our Unit 3, which is atta unit, right, we will do a line of noodles and fryums as well. 
That's a level up. And from there, we might enter into the industry of instant snacks, instant 
noodles. 
From powder spices, we have now introduced Indian Chaska for whole spices. Another level up 
for more margin driven would be seasoning and to level up to that would be ready to eat. For 
peanut, right now we are doing deshelling of peanut, we are doing removal of skin peanut, we 
would do peanut butter eventually and then we would do snacking in snacking of peanuts as well 
right.  
And when it comes to sesame, we do cleaning, sorting, grading of the raw sesame as well and 
we also remove the skin of the sesame which is hulling which could eventually turn -- which 
would eventually create a base if we want to make a product line for tahini or specialize into 
Middle Eastern spices.  
As there is an -- as the demand for international flavors is been rising in the country, right, so 
whatever arrangement or whatever utilities are there available with us is all for the basis of the 
product that will be introduced in the following years. So I hope that answers your question of 
how we might expand our manufacturing into more value-driven products and goods.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Sir, any timeline by when we can see such value-driven product contributing to our top line?  
Rahul Patel: 
Right. So we believe there is no point in introducing something and shutting it down as soon as 
there is a failure. So we rather do the market research first. Since some of the products are already 
into developed markets, some of the products that we have identified which are not yet 
organized, we want to introduce into organized market as well.  

 
 
Patel Retail Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
So until and unless that research has been completed, we won't force ourselves to just do that 
product because we are here for a long run. When we introduce something, it's a record that we 
have never shut it down. Even when it comes to our stores, we have opened 49 stores, none of 
them has been shut till yet right.  
So our vision with any kind of introduction of a new product or let's say a new category is very 
clear. We first want to understand the market first, get our base right, introduce the distribution 
channel well, try to see that the product is accepted, are we placing the bet on the right product, 
are we satisfied with the product? It's a long exercise but we are trying to do it as soon as we can 
right. 
We have enough let's say assets or people for it who are who are running the show behind the 
doors. But if you are asking me a precise timeline, it's very difficult to say. Very difficult to say. 
But every six month, seven months a year, we would introduce a new product line or something 
like that. That's our goal eventually. 
Priyansh Miri: 
Understood, understood sir. Sir one more question like when we had our November presentation 
that you published right after that we had one call where I think the management has stated that 
they have secured around INR20 crores? 
Rahul Patel: 
INR22 crores of export business yes.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Okay. So any progress on that sir or in that order are basically whatever we have produced that 
is what we are exporting right? Or is there any collaboration work or something? 
Rahul Patel: 
Yes it is purely all the manufacturing goods that we are doing mainly powder spices. Since we 
have cracked the code of the consistency as I said right, we have all the necessary things that we 
need to execute such big orders. Most -- all the products that have been secured in this order are 
manual are the products that we manufacture our own. Be it atta, be it powder spices, be it peanut 
right. Okay sir. Does that answer your question? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavya Seth from Apex Finance. 
Bhavya Seth: 
Okay. I have couple of operational questions okay so my first question would just wanted to 
understand the inventory efficiency a bit better. Like how has the inventory turnover moved over 
the last years and what's really driven that trend? 
Management: 
Hitesh can you take on the inventory numbers?  
Hitesh Sawlani: 
Sure. So the current level of inventory considering the size of the company is almost INR210 
crores and we are targeting to maintain more or less the same inventory ratio.  
Bhavya Seth: 
Okay. And how are pricing and loyalty programs adjusted to retain the customers who may be 
tempted by quick commerce convenience? 
Rahul Patel: 
So obviously with the growing competition there is always a pricing strategy that we have right. 
So there is a rigorous practice that we do by keeping an check on the ongoing market, be it our 
offline competitors or be it our online competitors, we always keep a check on them. And when 

 
 
Patel Retail Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
it comes to loyalty of the customers and trying to retain our consumers, we provide -- apologies 
the call got disconnected.  
As I was speaking about the pricing strategy and retention of our consumers, as I said we keep 
a keen eye on our offline as well as our online competitors when it comes to pricing strategy. 
We try to break deal with all with all the leading FMCG companies for the terms of trade if not 
to get a better term of trade terms of trade than our competitors. And when it comes to retention 
of our consumers, we try to give them services like free home delivery. 
And offer them 15 plus one which is basically you get one month of free shopping on shopping 
of 15 months. And that has turned out a really impactful for retention of our consumers. So we 
understand the business of retail as purely a service-based industry, right? So we try to give them 
every service that we possibly can. So we have also introduced our omnichannel presence where 
their consumers for their ease of shopping, we offer them shopping via WhatsApp, our apps as 
well. I hope that answers your question right? 
Bhavya Seth: 
Yes sir. So as you scale up the store network, what are the main operational bottlenecks that you 
are seeing today and how are you thinking about fixing them over for the next few quarters?  
Rahul Patel: 
Sorry can you please repeat the question? 
Bhavya Seth: 
Like as you scale up the store network, what are the main operational bottlenecks you are seeing 
today and how are you thinking about fixing them over the next few quarters?  
Rahul Patel: 
See whenever we open a store and carry on the operation, the biggest challenge that we face or 
that general in retail is to try to fill up our shelves as soon as we can right. We never want it to 
be empty right now to solve that problem we have a hub-and-spoke model where all the 
distribution is done through a central warehouse which is situated in within 60 kilometers of all 
our stores. So that helps us in efficiently keeping our racks in stock by supplying them in the 
shortest time possible like 2-3 hours in stock.  
Bhavya Seth: 
Okay and the last question is Patel Retail evaluating the dark store model and quick delivery 
services to compete with e-commerce like quick commerce players? And if yes what would be 
the expected impact on margins and capex? 
Rahul Patel: 
Right so we never say never and when it comes to the capex and the actual margins, all of those 
things. We have not introduced -- we are just planning on building an efficient supply chain 
model to first execute those things right? And whenever you start something which is to create 
the value for the consumers -- capex is something that can be foreseen with keeping a future 
with a future vision. So right now commenting on capex or any kind of margin, I can't really do 
that. 
Bhavya Seth: 
Okay sir thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sakshi Shinde from Shah Consultancy. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
Patel Retail Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Sakshi Shinde: 
So sir, I'm new to the company and I was going through the history financial, I can see this time 
we have good numbers in 9 months, also this kind of 20% up in top line? So I was going looking 
after the history financial, so we did around INR1.000 crores revenue in '23 and then this down 
and it was around INR800 crores. What was the reason for that down sir? 
Rahul Patel: 
Right. So in the year where we -- where you saw there was a spike in the revenue, that was 
mainly on the account of the sugar trade that we were taking on at that time. Now due to the 
government circumstances in regards to the trade of sugar, it was banned for the next 2 years 
right so the dip that you saw was account of that. 
 
And in that year we did around something INR300 crores worth of sugar exports. I would say 
we were still in growth year on year, definitely it is not seen on the paper since there is no one 
particular trade that has been shown but -- that was the reason was for the decline in the following 
years. 
Sakshi Shinde: 
Okay fair enough. So and any guidelines for FY '27, as we are like I think growing at a good 
speed? 
Rahul Patel: 
Yes I mean we'll be doing our best, try to give as much value to our shareholders try to stand on 
the point that -- stand on the commitments that we gave our shareholders before the IPO right 
we will try to give 100% and try to give the best result that we can it's been reflected in our past 
three results as well and we plan on following the same trajectory as well. 
Sakshi Shinde: 
Sir, also I was, going through the website and I was going through the store locations why we 
are not very much, I think I can't find any store in Navi Mumbai any specific reason why we are 
not present in Navi Mumbai? 
Rahul Patel: 
You would soon find a store in Navi Mumbai region. It's just that it -- it wasn't following in our 
business model yet, but a few stores in suburbs of Navi Mumbai would be seen soon. Why we 
didn't right now is because we have a very strict and rigorous model when we choose a store in 
regards to the fixed cost that's been commenced during opening of any stores and Navi Mumbai 
being a Tier 1 city it was just not within our range. 
Sakshi Shinde: 
But I myself -- I myself from Navi Mumbai and I can see a lot of, like stores are there like not 
exactly like Patel Retail, but Yes similar to that so? I was just curious to know that why we are 
not catering that market? 
Rahul Patel: 
I don't know how they are doing their operations, but I know how we will do our operation so 
whenever we enter any market we try to make a significant impact in that market. So now that 
we have chosen to enter the suburbs of the Navi Mumbai, we for sure try to make an impact in 
Navi Mumbai as well. 
Sakshi Shinde: 
Also sir, how do we like positioning ourselves like how -- do you like position your Patel Retail 
different from DMart and other retail? 

 
 
Patel Retail Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Rahul Patel: 
We are value driven, we are neighborhood stores, our design of product basket is way different 
than what DMart does, our packing size is way different than what DMart does, our quality of 
food is way different than peanut oh than what DMart does right. 
 
We have a keen eye on the quality of the product that we keep in our stores and when it comes 
to our product design on our basket design it is very much -- in related to the consumers that we 
are going to cater in that 4 kilometer of the radius that our store is being introduced right. So 
that's how we try to position ourselves apart aside from DMart. 
Sakshi Shinde: 
We are currently at like 49 I think 50 stores and what is the plan like, how much we can expect 
by the end of '27 FY '27? Any plans to double this numbers? 
Rahul Patel: 
We plan on opening 10 to 15 stores every year that's just because we don't want to open the store 
test the waters if it's not working shut it down that's the waste of the capex that goes within it is 
just a depreciating model. Whenever we try to open a store we try to do it the right way -- so 
Yes so 10 to 15 stores in the next year. So right now we are at the count of 49 so by FY '27 you 
can see at the number of around 60 to 65 stores.  
Sakshi Shinde: 
Good to hear sir. And one last question where I can see, Patel Retail in next 5 years? 
Rahul Patel: 
You would see Patel Retail and all the brand of Patel Retail in your house that's what we aim 
for. 
Sakshi Shinde: 
Yes, I hope you come to Navi Mumbai. 
Rahul Patel: 
We want to be we want to be a crucial part of that 3 to 4 hours that you spend every month 
shopping right? We want to create that kind of experience for all our consumers. We want to 
give all the right brands at the all right prices with non-negotiable quality to our consumers, with 
our brand that -- with our food category that's upcoming within our brands itself. So that's where 
we want to make impact amongst our consumers.  
Sakshi Shinde: 
Good that's really nice and good to hear sir I'm actually looking forward to the updates. Thank 
you that's it from my side and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from Priyansh Miri from Family Office. Please go 
ahead.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Yes. Hi sir just quick question sir. Last con call on November I think you mentioned that the 
sales that we contribute from our mobile app is around 3%, do we see any positive trend like is 
it increasing decreasing or how does it currently stand?  
Rahul Patel: 
Can you just give us a second?  
Priyansh Miri: 
Yes sure.  
Rahul Patel: 
It is pretty much on the same line right now, but with our new changes in the application and 
trying to build a new user interface and as we are working on our quick commerce model, we 
certainly see a surge in revenue that's been generated from online application, but as of now it's 

 
 
Patel Retail Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
pretty much the same. It's around 3%. Now we are trying to introduce the revenue contribution 
from our online channels.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Okay. So sir is this the new mobile app that you're working like any key changes like more 
partnership with any other e-commerce player or any other feature that which will be willing to 
this new feature?  
Rahul Patel: 
When we talk about online business, our priority has always been to give value to our consumers 
and try to build a sustainable model. We truly believe on making the things not changing the 
things which are not broken. We are definitely going to try to introduce the thing that has been 
successful by using the benchmark strategy of the market and we have already have a mobile 
application. We are just going to change the user interface and add two-three more shopping 
convenience feature for our consumers. That's about it for our application model yet for now.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Sure sir. Another side of the same question sir like that that is with mobile app, but in our retail 
store I think in last call you also mentioned that our stores are doubling up as a dark stores right 
for many of this player, right?  
Rahul Patel: 
We are talking with them. So basically what we said is whenever we introduce our quick 
commerce feature in our application we would use our stores as dark stores. Apart from that we 
are also talking with the key players in the quick commerce market to take up as our store as the 
dark store and that's still in the talks we are trying to negotiate with them. So we just chose 
efficiency and why we would have a more efficient model than them because we would have a 
multiple source of revenue from the same store if we do that. 
Priyansh Miri: 
For now I don’t think there's no any material progress as of yet in terms of partnership or 
something? 
Rahul Patel: 
No, not yet.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Sir also like in present quarter, there is a huge significant bump in our revenue numbers right? 
Is there any one-off in terms of export order being executed or something or like it is a sustained 
number that we can see for coming few more quarters or years?  
Rahul Patel: 
See as I told you we'll try to do our best and we are hoping to see the same trajectory growth. 
I'm not sure about the number, but the growth that we are seeing would be on the similar lines 
that we have showcased right now. Also we have not reached a cap right. We are still growing 
and we still want to grow for that.  
So I wouldn't be able to give you a precise number on what the revenue that could be -- that we 
would be doing in the following years, but we'll try to do as much as we can put 100% of our 
efforts and try to justify every possible commitment that we have given to our shareholders and 
withstand with our word to our shareholders.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Okay, sure sir. Sir one last question on our capital cycle days. So before last year right before 
from 2022 to 2023 for four year it was roughly around 50 days to 60 days right. In last two years 
we have seen it to jump from 84 to now almost 100 now. So what contribute to that sir like is it 

 
 
Patel Retail Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
like are we extending more credit days to our partner channel partners or what is the key thing? 
Are we focusing more on expansion or what is the reason behind this jump?  
Rahul Patel: 
Okay. So we are trying to – so definitely not credit days. What we were doing in the past 22 in 
the past year was major of our export trade was in the nearby ports. Now we are now – now 
majority of our export operation is in U.S, U.K, European countries, Australia, Canada where 
the transit is more than 45 days, 50 days, 60 days depending on the vessel and depending on the 
geopolitical situation what route is open, what route is not open because we see consistency in 
this market rather than the Middle Eastern market where the prices fluctuation and the quality is 
negotiable for them. And we truly want to work in the field where quality is the main concern. 
Obviously the -- obviously every consumer needs value with the quality, but such ports US, 
Canada, UK is very quality driven market. All our machineries are such that we can make that 
kind of quality, right. So we thought, we want to utilize this specialty or this USP to cater much 
higher class of people with much higher margins and on account of that you would have seen 
increase in the credit days for now.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Understood, sir. So just a follow-up question on the export part only sir. US contribute what 
percent of our export sir and the recent trade deal right? How do you see it impacting our export 
business, particularly to US? 
Rahul Patel: 
Yes, so UK is around 15. US is around 10%, UK is somewhere around 15% to 20%. Canada is 
around 10% to 11%. Hello? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. You are audible. 
Rahul Patel: 
Yes.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Yes, sir. You are audible. Rest sir, is Middle East majority of our part then? 
Rahul Patel: 
In Middle East we only do few selective countries like Saudi and Oman which also regulates on 
a European standards, those countries. Saudi is one of our big buyers. And besides from that 
Australia is there. Australia contributes 10%, US does 11%, Canada does 15%, UK does 20%. 
There's Sri Lanka as well who does around 10% to 12%, there's Saudi Arabia who contributes 
around 10% to 12%, there's Oman who contributes around 5% to 6%.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Okay. So sir, as you see it is a diverse across geography, right? So, we are not going to, like, we 
are currently focusing on a diverse strategy, right. Not focusing on say increasing US more or 
any particular market more. Is that fair enough to say?  
Rahul Patel: 
See, what our approach in the export business is to try to work with the top brands within that 
country, let's say. So, in UK we are working with the top three brands that are in the market, 
right. We are doing different products for them, we are trying to introduce our new products to 
them, we are trying to bandwidth their portfolio all the products that they are working on we are 
trying to gain that, that is going to come to us eventually, right. 

 
 
Patel Retail Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
No consumer is going to give us everything at once. So we introduce few product to them. Once 
they see that Patel Retail is a reliable source they know how quality works, they understand the 
market more, and then they give us three more products, and then they give us 15 more products. 
So that's how you see the increase in the export revenue as well. 
It's not on the account of just spreading anywhere. It's on the -- we want to increase the bandwidth 
of the product portfolio within the consumers that we have right now. Because we have already 
chosen the right consumers that we really want to work with in that particular market.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Okay. Sir, when you say top players of a particular market like this logos are the retail businesses 
or any FMCG dedicated FMCG brand? Like I'm talking about say, US and we have Costco, 
right, big retailer. Is that a correct understanding?  
Rahul Patel: 
Yes. So, basically what we -- when I say about top players, I mean about the players who have 
their own private label well-established in those countries, which caters the local crowd within 
that country, right. So, for example, I can give you in UK there is a brand called Heera which is 
the leader in UK when it comes to Indian commodities, Indian spices, be it atta or be it whole 
spices, be it peanut, be it pulses. 
So we do that work for them, right. So, there is a very high chance when you go to UK, Canada 
US, that you would although the goods are been made under their brand name but it would have 
been manufactured within our factory.  
Priyansh Miri: 
Okay understood sir so our primary customer will be more of a FMCG company right not the 
actual retailer right? Like Aldi, Lidl and all those… 
Rahul Patel: 
FMCG company -- because that's where the volume comes right I mean if I try to cater one, one 
retailers it is high in operation cost plus it is difficult to manage those containers as well because 
there would be a lot of mix and match products in one particular product. So it is not very viable 
in terms of operations but if you work with those companies who actually provide to these 
retailers that's just a better operational way. 
And helps secure the margin better plus our product portfolio increases. There is no conflict of 
interest as well because again they are the leaders, right? I mean supplying directly to retailers 
is only me destroying my limit of supply.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhinav Shetty from Auckland Capital. 
Abhinav Shetty: 
Sir I just had one question I just wanted to know the implication with respect to you know, 
change in commodity prices volatility in commodity price and currency fluctuations? 
Rahul Patel: 
See the volatility and the change in the commodity price is something that we cannot control 
right all we can do is keep a keen eye on the demand and the supply that is been seen in the 
market right. So just before there is a crop harvesting, we try to do all the research that we can 
right from studying the weather right from going to the farms, trying to understand the health of 
the crops trying to trying to speak with the farmers, trying to understand what is the growth rate 
of the crop.  

 
 
Patel Retail Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
And thus on basis of the that and plus with the historical data before the harvest we well sure 
know what would be the price range of that commodity in the following year. But again there 
can be circumstances where there's a sudden spike in the prices of the commodity as well. But 
that sudden price of commodity spike is for everyone right. So it is not just us, so the entire 
commodity prices going to increase. And so our competitors prices are going to increase so that 
doesn't hurt us that much or I would say it doesn't hurt us at all.  
And besides that when it comes to our own brand and securing the raw material. We try to do it 
in season where the price of the commodity is lower than the following months in which the 
harvesting has not been done so that's how we secure. And that's how we try to maintain the 
margin within our private label. And when it comes to our export orders and the volatility in 
those commodities for our export orders it is going to be the same for everyone. 
We can predict prices there's there are multiple things that we can do so that's pretty -- that's how 
we encounter the volatility of the market.  
Moderator  
Sir do we close now or should I announce for more questions? 
Management: 
I think we can close. And I'll hand over to Dhanji sir for the closing remarks.  
Moderator  
Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question of the day and now I would like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Ronak. 
Management: 
So before I make the concluding remarks, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Dhanji Patel. 
Over to you sir. 
Management: 
Dhanji Patel, Chairman and Managing Director, Patel Retail Limited.  
Dhanji Patel: 
I thank all the investors from the bottom of my heart for showing trust in Patel Retail. We started 
from a small grocery store and today we have reached here with hard work and honesty. I and 
my entire team will continue to work with full honesty and commitment to maintain your trust. 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
