 
 
 
www.mpslimited.com 
Registered Office:  RR Towers IV, Super A, 16/17, Thiru-Vi-Ka Industrial Estate, Guindy, Chennai-600032-India, Tel: +91 44 49162222 Email: info@mpslimited.com 
Corporate Identification Number: L22122TN1970PLC005795 
 
 
Ref: MPSL/SE/115/2025-26 
Date: 25 February 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051, India 
Symbol: MPSLTD 
ISIN: INE943D01017
BSE Limited
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 532440 
ISIN: INE943D01017
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call on the Acquisition of Unbound Medicine, Inc., USA 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the Conference Call, held on Wednesday, 
18 February 2026 at 07:00 P.M. (IST), on the acquisition of Unbound Medicine, Inc., USA by MPS 
North America LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 
The Transcript is also being made available on the Company’s website, www.mpslimited.com 
under the Investors section. 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For MPS Limited 
 
 
 
 
Raman Sapra 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Raman 
Sapra
Digitally signed 
by Raman Sapra 
Date: 
2026.02.25 
20:24:09 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“MPS Limited 
Acquisition of Unbound Medicine, Inc., USA” 
February 18, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL ARORA – CHAIRMAN AND CEO   
 
MS. PRARTHANA AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
 
MR. RANVIJAY SINGH – HEAD, CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT 
 
 
 
 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the conference call of MPS Limited on the 
acquisition of Unbound Medicine, Inc., USA. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing the star key followed by zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Arora, Chairman and CEO. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Rahul Arora: 
Good Morning, everyone. I join today from Media, Pennsylvania, where the Development 
Center for Unbound Medicine is located. Today marks a transformative milestone as we detail 
the acquisition of Unbound Medicine. I will request the MPS team to please share the 
presentation on the screen. 
At MPS, our DNA is built on pushing boundaries in the knowledge industry. By acquiring 
Unbound, we aren’t just entering a new market; we are acquiring a platform that sits at the 
critical intersection of healthcare and intelligence. Over the next 20 minutes, we will walk you 
through why this is a high conviction move for our company and how we plan to drive outsized 
value for our shareholders. 
Our broad agenda for the next 20 minutes: I'll start by talking about Unbound a little bit, focus 
on the platform, move on to the market opportunity, both from an industry perspective, but also 
from a customer and partner perspective, and discuss what is the moat for Unbound in this 
marketplace? What our strategic rationale was in this acquisition? How we see things behaving 
in a short-term and medium-term? And the growth trajectory and unlocking of synergies.  
We will then showcase a quick product demo so that you get a good understanding of what the 
platform is all about. And then finally, talk about value creation and what the combination of 
Unbound and MPS means for us as an organization, but also for the industry. And then we'll 
open it up to questions.  
So to begin, Unbound Medicine is a leader in Healthcare Knowledge Management. The core 
development centre is in Media, Pennsylvania, close to Philadelphia, which has historically been 
the hub for nursing and medical education in the United States for many years. Unbound 
provides an end-to-end platform that curates and streamlines Healthcare Knowledge, which 
essentially enables foundational education, just-in-time learning, as well as informed decision-
making. 
Unbound is defined by a unique multidisciplinary team at the nexus of medicine, healthcare IT, 
and artificial intelligence. Unbound has a history of pioneering technologies, from launching the 
first mobile platform in the medical space to today's proven AI-powered solutions. The focus at 
Unbound is clear: empowering clinicians, educators, and students with the right knowledge 
exactly when they need it. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
These numbers validate Unbound's market authority. Unbound brings with it over 20 years of 
clinical expertise and serves more than 1,000 health care facilities. To give you a sense of scale, 
the platform supports over 5 million clinical lookups annually across 50-plus evidence-based 
databases. 
Crucially for our investors, this is a subscription-based recurring revenue model. We're acquiring 
high customer retention and low B2B client concentration risk. For example, the largest 
customer has less than $ 300,000 of revenue and a robust B2C community of approximately 
90,000 paid subscribers. Unlike past acquisitions of distressed assets, this is a stable, scalable 
foundation for the global expansion we are planning, aligned to Vision 2027. 
We're stepping into a market with massive tailwinds and also expanding our total addressable 
market as MPS. If you look at the global healthcare, AI, and knowledge management market, 
it's projected to reach $ 188 billion by 2030. The growth itself is driven by necessity, not 
discretion. The world faces a projected deficit of 10 million health workers by 2033. This puts 
an unsustainable administrative tax on clinicians.  
In the U.S. alone, 57% of physicians cite that reducing this burden is the top priority. Unbound 
is particularly focused on the AI-driven knowledge management subsector, which is expected 
to grow from $ 3 billion to $ 102 billion by 2034 at a staggering 42% CAGR. As hospitals in the 
U.S. shift from manual databases to intelligent smart agents through agentic AI, Unbound is 
perfectly positioned through the solution set to capture this transition and enable this transition.  
From a customer and partner's perspective, Unbound is deeply embedded across the health care 
landscape. In nursing and medical schools, Unbound provides the digital resources replacing 
traditional textbooks. In the clinical world, they partner with marquee institutions like Johns 
Hopkins to integrate specialized tools like the Hopkins Antibiotic Guide directly into local 
stewardship programs. 
Unbound also serves as the digital backbone for leading medical and nursing associations, 
providing exclusive content through branded portals. This high level of institutional trust creates 
a significant barrier to entry and ensures Unbound remains indispensable to the clinicians' daily 
habits. 
So what's the moat? What differentiates Unbound from others? What sets Unbound apart is the 
unified AI native platform. Unlike old-school competitors like UpToDate or AMBOSS, which 
are often fragmented, Unbound offers an integrated model spanning reference, education, and 
test prep. 
The Unbound advantage is built on proprietary analytics, exclusive content, and most 
importantly, seamless API integration into hospital EHR workflows. This enables rapid 
authoring where we can deliver tailored AI-powered solutions to a specific hospital faster than 
any legacy competitor. We are the disruptor in this space, not the incumbent. We are moving 
from being a reference tool to being an integrated workflow partner.  

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
So, looking at the strategic rationale, it's built on 4 pillars. Firstly, the team. We have acquired 
deep domain expertise with an average tenure of 12 years. Second, the credibility. Unbound 
provides clinical authority that opens doors to regulated workflows we could not have entered 
on by ourselves. Third, platform leadership. At MPS, we believe platforms win, and Unbound 
is a proven end-to-end ecosystem platform. And finally, scaled innovation. This partnership 
between MPS and Unbound allows us to combine the MPS global delivery reach with Unbound's 
medical informatics expertise to build something truly enduring. 
From a synergy perspective, this is where the MPS engine meets the Unbound platform. We 
aren't just leaving Unbound to run it as it is. We are supercharging it.  
First, we will use MPS’ established presence outside of North America in Europe, APAC, and 
the Middle East to move Unbound outside of North America. Second, we see a clear path to 
EBITDA uplift by sharing infrastructure and using the R&D efficiencies of MPS Labs.  We're 
merging 25 years of medical informatics at Unbound with the MPS platform engineering to 
create a unified workforce of over 3,000 professionals. This is how we move from a U.S. leader 
to a global intelligence powerhouse. 
I want to be very clear, this is not a short-term tactical play. It's a long-term strategic lever for 
growth. Unbound acts as an accelerator for the entire MPS foundation. We have a clear road 
map from integration to capability growth and eventually into a massive market expansion. This 
moves MPS from being a content player to a primary stakeholder in the future of health care 
intelligence.  
We're now going to take a look at a product demo from the Founder of Unbound, Bill Detmer. 
Product Demo: 
I'm delighted to introduce you to the Unbound platform, our end-to-end, AI-powered engine for 
transforming healthcare, education, and clinical decision-making. For over 25 years, we have 
built and refined this platform, now trusted by more than 500 healthcare organizations 
worldwide. Today, we operate in a $15 billion market, medical knowledge management, where 
the demand for smarter AI-powered solutions is more important than ever. 
 
At its core, the Unbound platform combines three elements: vetted content that's modularized 
and enriched, AI-driven intelligence that transforms information into personalized insights, and 
seamless delivery to every device and environment. These elements are powered by our three 
parallel core strengths: expert curation and enrichment of medical content, advanced informatics 
and AI methodologies, and cutting-edge delivery technologies, including our leadership as the 
first mobile-first medical knowledge platform. These assets are already being deployed by our 
AI infrastructure to truly personalize actionable insights at scale. 
 
The Unbound platform powers multiple distinct solutions, each tailored to different healthcare 
segments, but all sharing the same powerful foundation. 
 
Let's start with our flagship for nursing education. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
 
Nursing Central is an all-in-one platform adopted by hundreds of nursing schools and programs 
that brings together everything students and educators need, accessible on the web and on our 
award-winning mobile apps, which many students these days prefer. It includes comprehensive 
clinical references, drugs, diseases, tests, and built-in calculators, a full range of core nursing 
texts, interactive patient scenarios to help build judgment, adaptive flashcards, and Assist, our 
AI-powered tool for instant answers and creating learning activities. 
 
Let's see some Nursing Central features in action. 
 
Let's start with a quick lookup. Suppose you need to check for a drug interaction with 
Amlodipine. As you type, autocomplete takes you directly to the drug profile, where you can 
perform dosing calculations, hear audio pronunciations, view pill images, brand names, and 
more. Click the interaction section for an instant, clear summary with links to interacting drugs. 
 
Don't know a word? Use Glimpse to get in-context medical definitions and use cross-links to 
jump to foundational content, like the drug's physiology found in a major text, all within seconds. 
 
Beyond quick lookups, we help teach clinical judgment required to be a practice-ready nurse. 
Our Unbound Scenarios, developed in partnership with nurse educators, immerse students in 
realistic patient cases using a familiar tabbed medical record format. 
 
To help busy educators, we provide Unbound Intelligence Assist, enabling them to quickly 
generate highly customized learning activities fully aligned with their curriculum and student 
needs. Assist can be triggered from within any Nursing Central topic in just seconds. Assist 
generates a complete case study with a variety of next-generation NCLEX-style questions, each 
with detailed rationales linked directly to the reference content. 
 
Educators can rate and provide feedback, which we use to improve the product continuously. In 
a six-month pilot, hundreds of nurse educators used and rated Assist, giving it a 4.4 out of five 
stars for quality and accuracy, and reporting savings of an average of five hours per week, freeing 
up valuable time. 
 
Assist for Nursing Central launched to customers in April 2025. Those are some of the core 
Nursing Central features, and of course, all these same features are available simultaneously on 
our award-winning mobile apps. 
 
Now let's turn to uCentral, our solution for medical centers and their students, clinicians, and 
researchers. While it shares the same platform foundation as Nursing Central, uCentral is 
designed for clinical practice and research needs, adding clinical tools such as personalized step-
by-step algorithms, point-of-care calculators, and advanced medical literature tools, including 
Prime PubMed, our sophisticated in-house version of PubMed, and Graphrence, our proprietary 
literature visualization tool. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
 
Now, let's look at our third major solution, Society Solutions. These are branded member portals 
built for medical and nursing professional societies, while powered by the same core platform. 
These solutions are tailored to meet the unique needs of each organization. 
 
I will show you only things that you haven't seen so far. 
 
The first is society-exclusive AI search. This leverages our retrieval-augmented generation 
technology shown elsewhere to create a secure walled garden within the trusted content of the 
association. 
 
The other element I'd like to draw your attention to is continuing education, or CME. The CME 
module is quite extensive and can be individualized for different associations. 
 
Here is the For You tab, which is the customized view of continuing education for this learner. 
The personalized knowledge gaps area includes topics that have risen to the top based on AI 
assessment of prior interactions with the CME content. Relevant NAT, which is the name of 
their text content, is also highlighted when it relates to their knowledge gaps, along with recent 
articles in the literature that do as well. 
 
This view is the preferred entry point because it's customized for the individual. From here, they 
can generate a personalized course, and these questions are drawn from a data bank of 1,500 
questions based on the knowledge gaps that have been identified by AI for this learner. They 
can then take that particular custom course asynchronously on any device, and while they answer 
questions, they receive rationales, links to the literature, and more. 
 
Throughout the year, learners earn CME credits for various educational activities that are 
available on the platform. At the end of the year, they can come here to download a report of 
those credits. Most conveniently, credits are now sent directly to the surgical board, so they don't 
have to do that at Unbound Medicine. 
 
AI isn't just a feature. It's woven into our DNA. 
 
Our approach is embodied in Unbound Intelligence, or UBI, a proprietary system that fuses 
advanced AI with trusted human expertise. We spent a decade leveraging machine learning and, 
in the last two and a half years, have been rapidly integrating generative AI across our platform, 
development tools, and company culture. 
 
UB Search allows users to ask complex clinical or educational questions and instantly receive 
synthesized, evidence-based answers, complete with references and links to deeper exploration. 
UB scans a wide range of vetted sources, including reference texts, journal databases, and 
clinical trials. 
 
As we've also discussed, UB Assist, our next-generation AI feature, is embedded across all our 
products. Users can select from purpose-built assistance for tasks like literature management, 
nursing education, or clinical trials. The experience is highly interactive. Assist uses targeted 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
questions about the user's context, experience, and goals, then delivers a customized reference 
synopsis, combining vetted content, pedagogical best practices, and the user's unique needs. 
 
We saved the best for last. 
 
Now you get a chance to look into the future and see the cutting-edge AI we're developing here 
at Unbound Medicine. Let me introduce you to Agent Flow, a new way to create AI assistance 
tailored to your needs. 
 
Let me show you how it works. 
 
Here I'm using the Agent Flow Manager, the interface for the knowledge engineer, to create 
flows. It starts by asking, "Hi, I'm the Agent Flow Manager. How can I help you?" And I answer, 
"Create a deep research report flow." 
 
Then, in a prompt, I ask the following: ask the user to provide a detailed topic for research. Then 
search the medical literature and clinical trials for the highest-quality evidence. Then generate a 
report starting with an executive summary, and then detail all the major research areas, all highly 
referenced. 
 
It then generates the executive summary as requested, providing links to the most important 
articles using our artifacts. 
 
At the end of the report, I'm given the opportunity to Save to Google Docs, which generates a 
document in my account. 
 
That's the future of AI in Unbound Medicine: agentic workflows that will help us build purpose-
built AI assistance for individuals, groups, and institutions to help them with their knowledge 
problems and educational needs, all for the betterment of education and patient care. 
 
We're delighted to have spent this time with you learning about our platform, our products, and 
our underlying AI infrastructure. Thank you. 
Rahul Arora: 
As you can see, AI is front and center at Unbound. Unbound is not the incumbent, but rather the 
disruptor that's disrupting legacy players in this space.  
On value creation, our road map is structured around three areas: First, revenue acceleration that 
we expect through geographic expansion, as well as through cross-selling into each other's star 
accounts. Second, margin expansion through shared infrastructure, which gets executed fairly 
quickly, and then strategic positioning. We are looking to become a Healthcare Intelligence 
leader with deep institutional relationships across the world's leading hospitals and universities. 
This is a clear path to accelerate growth and shareholder value. 
I'd like to conclude these opening remarks by emphasizing that, as we look ahead, our execution 
plan is already in motion. I spent the last week here at Media, unlocking that plan. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
We plan to integrate global delivery, expand the product suite with Unbound Intelligence and 
Assist, and scale into new institutional markets in Southeast Asia, the Middle East, Europe, and 
Australia. In conclusion, this is about a unified ambition, transition, continuity, and one team. 
MPS has always believed in pushing boundaries. And by joining forces with Unbound Medicine, 
we are officially ready to redefine the limits of health care knowledge. From here, we officially 
go Unbound. Thank you for your time. And now let's open the floor to questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Participants on the 
Audio bridge who wishes to ask a question may press star and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If 
you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and 2. Participants are 
requested to use handsets while asking a question. 
 
We also request you all to please limit yourself to two questions and to keep them related to the 
acquisition of Unbound Medicine, Inc., USA, only.  
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles.  Our first 
question comes from Arjun Balakrishnan. Please go ahead. 
Arjun Balakrishnan: 
I have two questions, Rahul. One is on your assumptions for this investment on profitability. 
Can you elaborate on that? 
Rahul Arora: 
Unbound comes with an EBITDA margin of 14%, and that's just been the historical EBITDA 
margin of Unbound standalone without MPS involvement. We expect the first quarter to be in 
that range. And then from the second quarter onwards, we start travelling towards the MPS 
average with improvements every quarter. In the second quarter itself, we'll travel to the early 
20s. And then as we progress through the course of FY '27, we'll probably end up exiting the 
year at the MPS average. 
Arjun Balakrishnan: 
 I don't have much knowledge about the healthcare industry. Can you elaborate on what the moat 
is for Unbound and whether this is replicable in the current market? 
Rahul Arora: 
As we shared in the opening remarks, unlike some of the other businesses where the participation 
is based on a discretionary requirement, this is coming out of a necessity. There's a huge shortage 
of talent in the medical and nursing sector. And as a result, a tremendous pressure on the 
healthcare education market to bring skilled workers to the market. So this is coming out of that 
very big necessity. 
In terms of what Unbound's moat is built on, it's built on a few pillars. So firstly, a lot of it is 
about clinical authority and institutional trust. For example, Unbound offers resources that are 
often unavailable in the public domain or in the model. They have partnerships with marquee 
institutions like Johns Hopkins, where they've created a Hopkins Antibiotic Guide. 
The workflows themselves are regulated. The platform operates within a highly regulated 
healthcare environment, which means that you have to have established a high level of clinical 
authority and trust, which creates a significant barrier to entry for others. There are a lot of long-

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
term partnerships. So Unbound has partnerships with the leading medical and nursing 
associations that provide expert content through their branded portals. 
The second big moat is around deep technological integration. So on the workflow side, unlike 
standalone tools, Unbound is actually seamlessly integrated into the hospital’s Electronic Health 
Record workflow. So this daily habit integration makes it indispensable to clinicians during 
actual shifts at work.  
Also, unlike some of the legacy systems, Unbound has an AI-native architecture. The platform 
is designed with a unified, scalable knowledge model where AI is deeply embedded. The 
delivery, in fact, is adaptive to the information needs of the practitioner, which allows for rapid 
authoring. So a practitioner is actually getting the information that they need in real time, versus 
a monthly or a weekly update that a legacy provider would provide. 
It's a very sticky business model. So the business operates on a subscription-based recurring 
revenue model of 97% retention. The B2C part of the business is actually a lead generator with 
approximately 90,000 paid B2C subscribers and over 9 million lifetime users. Unbound has 
massive brand loyalty in the early career of a clinician. When a clinician goes into a more tenured 
space, they carry Unbound into their professional practice. There's also a lot of intellectual 
capital with the team. And, of course, with the combination of MPS, Unbound gives access to 
the global market beyond just North America, as well as MPS Labs' proprietary AI and RPF 
frameworks as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mahesh BP, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Mahesh BP: 
What are your thoughts on competition from emerging agentic frameworks like Claude Code 
for healthcare? What is your approach if these agentic frameworks use the model context 
protocol to connect to the same verified sources that Unbound Medicine also has access to?  
Rahul Arora: 
We are that disruptor, that's what I've been trying to describe. Unbound is not the incumbent. 
We are the disruptor. So we use Claude Opus for one of the use cases, but we are agnostic across 
the various models. 
 
The big difference is that Unbound distinguishes itself from these general-purpose AI or generic 
bots through several core differentiators. Unbound is more linked to the actual domain. So firstly, 
we are tethered to authority. Unlike General AI, which can hallucinate, Unbound AI is deeply 
integrated with over 50 authoritative evidence-based databases. 
 
Our Assist technology is already scaling, our own Agentic product, which is Assist, which 
combines various AI frameworks to create this industry's most advanced clinical decision 
support experience. 
 
 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
As I shared earlier, the workflow integration here is a massive barrier to entry. So, while a 
standalone agent requires a clinician to leave the task, Unbound is already in the task, integrated 
into the hospital's workflow, allowing Unbound AI to be a proactive partner in the daily habit of 
a clinician, versus a clinician having to go out of the environment. 
 
At Unbound, there's rapid authoring, which is enabled by AI, which allows Unbound to, through 
AI, deliver very customized clinical solutions as well as local hospital guidelines that are 
constantly changing faster than legacy competitors. So to answer your question, we are the 
disruptor that is disrupting some of the legacy competitors. So, we are on the right side of this 
whole world. 
Mahesh BP: 
You are the disruptor for the legacy players, but something like Claude Cowork for health care 
is a disruptor in that sense. Would you develop NCP for Claude Cowork if the need arises? 
Rahul Arora: 
We are using Claude and configuring it for this space. It's like saying we used to work on 
windows mainframes and now we have laptops. As a business, are laptops going to disrupt your 
business? No, we are going to use laptops now. 
 
So, Claude and all these other models are an input on top of which we've built the entire solution 
set. So these generic models are not something that you can just slap on in a medical setting. 
They have to be enabled, and that's exactly what Unbound is. Unbound is built on top of these 
models. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Madhur Rathi. Please accept the prompt 
on your screen. Unmute your audio and go ahead with your question. 
Madhur Rathi: 
You mentioned that for Unbound, either we would like to grow into new geographies or with 
new customers. But sir, when we say that this is a very authoritative kind of scenario, because 
of that, it's an entry barrier to displace us, but it's also an entry barrier to displace our competitor? 
 
So, if you could just help us understand how we plan to achieve that? And on the margin, we are 
planning to almost double the margins from 14% to the MPS average of closer to 30%. So how 
do we see these margins going forward? 
 
From my understanding, this business would be very technical or people-heavy, where we would 
like to have those knowledge workers of these medicines or diseases, and that data helps us to 
train our model on whatever Claude or ChatGPT that we're using. So, if you could just help us 
understand how we plan to bridge this margin gap and on the customer additions for this 
business? 
Rahul Arora: 
Unbound has a lot of authority. And to bring a response to the last question as well, we are the 
disruptor in this marketplace. And like we have legacy competitors in North America, there's 
also legacy competitors outside the U.S. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
 
MPS, of course, has partnerships. We are not going into this greenfield. We are basically going 
to begin by cross-selling where MPS already has these partnerships. And some of the legacy 
competitors, they often focus on a single category like clinical reference or education, whereas 
Unbound offers a unified, scalable knowledge model. And that particular product offering is 
unique, and that's what's going to help displace the competition. Given the level of profitability 
that MPS and Unbound have, we will be price warriors, and we will undercut competition as we 
see fit in some of these international markets to acquire market share. 
 
On margin expansion, we have a 12-year track record that speaks to that. So we've done 10 
acquisitions prior to this. AJE, the last one has travelled from -5% to 30% odd in less than 12 
months. HighWire travelled from -5% to positive 30% in 6 to 8 months. So margin expansion is 
something that is core to MPS. As I said, the low-hanging fruit, which is shared services, that's 
being solved for immediately and will get us to the early to mid-20s in the next 3 to 4 months. 
 
And from there on, a lot of it is around other expenses, operational efficiency by using some of 
the tools and technology that MPS uses, a combination of infrastructure, such as cloud 
infrastructure. Those kinds of efficiency drives are something that are core to MPS. 
 
Every business unit at MPS operates higher than a 25% EBITDA margin. We don't see that to 
be the major unlock here. For us, that's a way of life. The major unlock here is going to be around 
the revenue synergies that we're looking to open up through the cross-selling initiative. 
Madhur Rathi: 
 Sir, what was the revenue for Unbound for 2025? 
Rahul Arora: 
We are unable to share that because those accounts are not finalized and closed. We will be 
sharing that in the subsequent course, once the accounts have been finalized. 
Madhur Rathi: 
So, when we say that we are the disruptor will grow by acquiring or undercutting, but the revenue 
has been flat for this business for the past few years, since FY’22 to ‘24, which we have 
published on the Stock Exchanges. So, I'm trying to understand how we should see this. 
Rahul Arora: 
Unbound has been confined to North America. While North America is a very important market 
for MPS, it's about 50% of our revenue. There's a whole other world outside of North America.  
So if I were a half glass full eternal optimist, I would say double the revenue tomorrow, so this 
9 million becomes 18 million very quickly. And North America becomes 50% of the revenue. 
But of course, business doesn't often function like that. But doubling of revenue over the course 
of the next few years looks very doable from an Unbound perspective. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arjun Goyal. Please accept the prompt on 
your screen to unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
Arjun Goyal: 
How much of the management team of Unbound will be retained in this company, or are you 
going to take over the management of Unbound? 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
Rahul Arora: 
The only change in management that's taking place is that Bill Detmer, CEO is now transitioning 
to an advisor role. In fact, he's already transitioned; he's now a strategic advisor to me. Instead 
of normal hours, he's going to be working a few hours a week advising the management team 
and me. 
Of course, there's consolidation of the CFO role, given that we have a CFO. But other than that, 
there is no change to the management team. The CTO is continuing, the Head of Sales is 
continuing, the Head of Marketing is continuing, and the Head of Product is continuing. 
Everyone else is continuing. Like other MPS leaders outside India, the Unbound management 
team have been provided with Phantom Options at the MPS level. 
Arjun Goyal: 
I wanted to understand the cross-sell opportunity that you've talked about. Because we may have 
a couple of medical institutions as customers? So I want to understand what from our existing 
products we plan to sell to Unbound’s clients, and what Unbound solutions we can sell to our 
customers. So if you can just highlight that? 
Rahul Arora: 
We are operating in a competitive market. But I'll just give you examples that will help you 
understand the context. So, let's talk about geographic expansion, right? So let's talk about China 
as a use case. If you look at AJE, Prarthana, correct me if I'm wrong, but 70% of AJE revenue 
comes from China?  
Prarthana Agarwal: 
Yes, Rahul. 
Rahul Arora: 
So 70% of AJE revenue comes from China. Over 90% of this revenue come from funders that 
are universities and institutions, and most of the work that we do at AJE is in this is in the field 
of medicine. So, there's an immediate opportunity to knock on the doors of institutions in China 
with the value proposition of Unbound medicine. We've been working with you in China for the 
past two decades. We have a high level of trust. Let us enable the Unbound platform for you. 
Just illustrating with an example how the cross-sell starts is so straightforward. And I just picked 
China as an example. There are many more. 
The reason I can't go too crazy on talking about all the revenue synergies is that my competitors 
will have access to these call notes as well.  
Let me now talk about the cross-sell, where we could market MPS solutions. So, MPS at the 
core is built for science. So, we were built by Nature, which was Macmillan's most prestigious 
journal portfolio. So we were built for science by science. We do lot of the content development, 
the course development that we do for institutions, a good example is for a University out of the 
New England area. We power a much of their courseware development. The engagement is 
about USD 1.5 million a year. And essentially, we are powering their courseware development. 
Now, can I go to a marquis US university, which is Unbound's largest customer, and say right 
now you're using the Unbound platform for enabling off-the-shelf content. Can I actually build 
custom courses for you? And enable the executive education and the continuing education arm 
of this marquis US university? 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
In fact, just yesterday afternoon, as discussed with this marquis US university, they're very 
excited because they want to localize and translate into different languages across different 
markets and take that content into different markets. And suddenly, through Unbound, they can 
do that because MPS does that work. MPS has the subject matter expertise, we have the tools 
and the technology that could do that at a very low cost. It’s not a big investment. I have picked 
two examples of a very high level of cross-sell as well from marketing the MPS product suite 
into Unbound's customer set. 
Arjun Goyal: 
What does this acquisition mean in terms of future dividends or future buybacks? If you can 
throw some light, because it’s a large acquisition by our historical standards. Any comment will 
be helpful? 
Rahul Arora: 
We don't believe in sitting on excess cash. So, if we do not have an appetite to deploy capital 
over the course of the next 6 to 12 months, we will distribute surplus capital in the form of 
dividends or buyback depending on what the board decides. And with Unbound, essentially, 
we've raised INR 42 crores of debt. and from my perspective, we're very comfortable with this 
level of debt. We have a good balance sheet. Our DSO is now closer to 45 days instead of 60 
days. So assuming this level of debt, we'll be comfortable as a board to continue to distribute 
surplus capital through dividends and buybacks. But again, that's a board decision that will be 
discussed at the board meeting. I don't see this as a blocker, given that this level of debt is very 
comfortable. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investment. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Naredi: 
I would like to know how much the EBITDA of this new company, which we have acquired, is, 
and what our planning to take this margin? 
Rahul Arora: 
Incoming EBITDA margin is 14% standalone without any MPS involvement. So, the first three 
months we'll probably continue with the same level of EBITDA margin. That will then grow 
very quickly in the next quarter to the early 20% EBITDA margin. And by the exit of Q4 FY’27, 
we'll be closer to 30%. 
Ravi Naredi: 
What is the top line of this company? 
Rahul Arora: 
So they operate on a calendar year. The accounts for 2025 were not closed, Prarthana can you 
share the numbers for 2024 for Unbound? 
Prarthana Agarwal: 
Yes, for 2024, the total top line of the company was around $ 8.88 million. 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes, the business is stable and growing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Krushi Parekh from BugleRock PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Krushi Parekh: 
How did we went about acquiring Unbound, or was it through some IB? Was it some relationship 
that we already had with the company? 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
And what kind of conversation did we have with the founder? Now that I believe he is in an 
advisory relationship. He is looking to move out of the business as well. But what kind of 
conversation did we have, so something on those lines. 
Rahul Arora: 
For several quarters now, I've been talking about two acquisitions in the education space. It's 
interesting because the other one actually started before this one, and this one closed before that 
one. We’ve always signalled that there are lots of deals in the pipeline. Five are at an advanced 
stage, and two are near completion.  
And there is a reason why with Unbound it's taken longer than typical M&A activity is that it 
took almost eight to nine months from when the term sheet was signed, which is very atypical 
for us, because usually after the term sheet is signed, we close in two to three months. And a 
large reason for that has been the meeting of the minds. So, Bill and I have spent a lot of time 
together. 
I have spent time with the management team, travelled extensively to the US, and been on 
several Zoom calls as well. And it was about the meeting of the minds and how we extend this 
forward. From Bill's perspective, this is his legacy; he has built this. He founded this company 
in 1999 with two friends from a previous organization. Those two friends are continuing with 
us. 
And for him, what's most important is the impact. So Bill himself is an MD. So, for him, the 
impact of Unbound is more important than the financial value of Unbound. And he felt that with 
MPS, that impact would be significant. Unbound would go global and impact clinical 
practitioners, not just in North America but across the globe. And even within North America, 
it would go deeper. So for him, the MPS platform. When I say platform, I'm not talking about it 
from a SaaS perspective, but more from a foundation perspective, the old school definition of 
Platform. The MPS platform gave Unbound the highest level of impact. As well as gave the 
employees at Unbound a good home and tight integration. 
Unlike in past distressed asset acquisitions, where we came in and started to operate the business 
and pushed a bunch of things into different parts of MPS. This is a very nimble organization. 
There are only ~35 employees. So it's not like we have to come in here and blow up everything. 
It's basically coming in and being a supporter of the existing organization. And so that journey 
has been remarkable. 
There are a lot of commonalities between how Bill thinks, how I think, how my management 
team thinks, and the culture at Unbound. At MPS, our deep purpose of why we exist is to make 
learning accessible to everybody on this planet. Similarly, from an Unbound perspective, their 
purpose is to make medical information available to as many people as possible in available in 
real time. 
So that alignment on purpose and mission is there, and overall, that process took time, simply 
because both parties were trying to make sure that this works. And in terms of the process itself, 
it started with a banker. But as I've shared previously, MPS invests a lot in nurturing relationships 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
with founders and relationships with bankers. Ranvijay, who's on this call, for example, 
Corporate development is his full-time job. And he has a small team behind him. So it's been a 
journey, and it's been longer than usual, because we've invested the time and effort to get this 
right. As I said, this is the first of the education, and hoping to close another one in the coming 
months or quarter. 
Krushi Parekh: 
So broadly, it landed with us via some team that was on the investment banking side. Is that 
correct, or do we have some relationship with them earlier? 
Rahul Arora: 
We had a relationship with the banker and with them earlier as well.  It’s just a very tight 
community, and MPS does a lot of work in building relationships with other founders, other 
organizations, as well as bankers. Again, I can't get into too much detail because this is 
competitive information. 
Krushi Parekh: 
Lastly, are there any earn-outs for the existing team beyond ESOPs and maybe even for Bill 
over the next two or three years? 
Rahul Arora: 
No, there are no earn-outs. The transaction is complete. I know that we had provided as the 
disclosure requirements require us to provide a transaction value of $ 16.5 million. That said, 
post-closing adjustments will apply, and the final transaction value will be updated accordingly. 
Prarthana, do you want to give that number? 
Prarthana Agarwal: 
Yes, it would be around $ 15.18 million. 
Rahul Arora: 
So $ 15.18 million is what's finally going to happen because there's a bunch of adjustments 
around working capital, min cash, and closing adjustments. So that will happen more on the 
purchase price side. There are no earn-outs. But yes, the management team has been entrusted 
with phantom stock, given that they're based out of the US. So that has been awarded right away. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Shreyash Limbachia from Bastion Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Shreyash Limbachia: 
I have just one question, given the situation, what MPS experienced with regards to AJE in the 
past, do you foresee any similar challenges for Unbound as well, such as some potential 
divestitures of some non-core business, which could be pressurising margins as such? 
Rahul Arora: 
Not at all. These are two very different worlds. When AJE landed on our desk, it came from one 
of MPS' largest customers, who said this is a non-core asset, we're filing for an IPO, that we 
want to divest, can you take it on as part of the overall strategic partnership with that customer? 
We agreed. It was a loss-making company. We agreed to take the pain on and, since then, have 
taken the business from a loss-making business to a highly profitable, exciting business in a 
matter of 6 to 12 months.  
 
 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
 
Unbound has been at 14% to 15% EBITDA margin for many years. It's not a flash in the pan. 
It's been at that level for many years. It’s a healthy, stable business. It's just that the playground 
for Unbound has been in North America. And now with the expansion outside of North America, 
we expect the growth to be significant. Going forward, possibly Unbound's revenues from North 
America will be less than 60%. While, the North America continues to grow at single digits, the 
real growth will come from outside of North America. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential Investments. Parimal 
Mithani, please accept the prompt on your screen, unmute your audio, and please go ahead. 
Parimal Mithani: 
Rahul, I just wanted to know, since you have been with MPS for a long time, what synergies 
you've been acquiring since you know the business. How do you see all these acquisitions that 
you have done, in terms of adding value in terms of for the next three to four years? And if you 
can tell us, according to which areas will be more useful going forward? 
Rahul Arora: 
Our appetite is to grow at 20%,-25% year-on-year. So if you track MPS earnings growth from 
FY’21, we've been growing at a PBT CAGR of 21%. In order to get that level of growth in the 
market that we operate in, you have to have a blend of organic and inorganic growth. 
And with the vision that we have of getting to INR 1500 crores at similar margins in a few years, 
acquisitions are a very core part, i.e., about 60% of our growth strategy. In terms of how that is 
playing out, it's played out differently than we thought a few years ago. When we had enabled 
this strategy, we were operating in these three markets, right? Research, Education, and 
Corporate. And the thinking was that at some point, Corporate would potentially become a very 
large part of our portfolio. That then evolved into Research kind of becoming once again two-
thirds of the revenue. The Education business has been growing phenomenally for the last few 
quarters. And on top of that, now we have an acquisition that is some Research but mostly 
Education. And now Education is getting to a point where it will again be a core business.  
So the way I see it is we're probably heading to a 40:40:20 world where Research is 40% of our 
Revenue, Education is 40% of our Revenue, and Corporate Learning, which is now starting to 
do well again, is 20% of our revenue. So that's how I see it evolving over a period of time.  
Having said that, a few years ago, a similar split forecast was made, and we were completely 
wrong. But we were spot on when it came to the total revenue and the total EBITDA. So we're 
tracking against that. So the North Star for us is INR 1500 crores at similar margins. I've done 
some star gazing and shared this 40:40:20 with you, but it could look very different in a few 
years. Time will tell! 
Parimal Mithani: 
Okay, and you maintain to keep the dividend payout as previously mentioned going forward as 
well, right? 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
Rahul Arora: 
 In terms of what that will look like in terms of the percentage of profits that might go up and 
down depending on current investments. But we will continue to pay dividends if it makes sense, 
keeping in mind our expected capital outflow over the next 6 to 12 months. And then work 
backwards. As I've shared previously, INR 100 or INR 200 crores of debt doesn't bother us, 
given that now our DSO is closer to 45 days and the business is much bigger than it used to be. 
I think capital distribution in the form of dividends or buybacks will continue for the foreseeable 
future. 
Parimal Mithani: 
Thank you. 
Rahul Arora: 
With that, I think, we've hit the hour. We’ll go ahead and close the meeting. So thank you all for 
your active participation. I appreciate it. Your questions and insights always help us do better. I 
enjoyed some of the questioning on this call. 
 
 
 
One of the things that I'm going to take away and discuss at the board level is the capital 
redistribution around dividends and buybacks, because, clearly, the shareholder base and the 
markets want that to continue, and we take that as feedback, and we'll discuss it at the board 
meeting. So thank you so much for your wonderful support, and look forward to it going ahead 
as well. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of MPS Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining 
us, you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
___________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes 
no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. No unpublished 
price-sensitive information was shared/discussed on the call. 
