Ref. No.: 01:SEC:LA:1 
 Dated: 4th February 2026 
General Manager  
Department of Corporate Services   
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001  
महाप्रबंधक  
कॉपŖरेट सेवा िवभाग  
बीएसई िलिमटेड  
मंिजल 25, िफ़रोज़ जीजीभोय टावसŊ,दलाल ːŌीट,  
मुंबई– 400 001  
Scrip Code: 532555  
Manager  
Listing Department   
National Stock Exchange of India Limited "Exchange 
Plaza", Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),   
Mumbai-400 051   
प्रबंधक  
सूचीकरण िवभाग  
नेशनल ːॉक एƛचŐज ऑफ़ इंिडया िलिमटेड  
"एƛचŐज ɘाज़ा", बांद्रा-कुलाŊ कॉम्ɘेƛ, बांद्रा (पूवŊ),   
मुंबई-400 051  
Symbol:  NTPC  
ISIN: INE733E01010 
Sub.: Transcript of Conference call held with Analysts & Investors on 30th January 2026 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, this is to inform that a conference call was held on 30th January 2026, wherein Management of 
NTPC Limited discussed the Company's results for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December 
2025 with Analysts and Investors.   
Transcript of the above-mentioned Conference Call is attached herewith and can also be accessed at: 
https://www.ntpc.co.in/investor-updates/transcripts 
Thanking you/ धɊवाद,  
Yours faithfully/ भवदीया, 
(Ritu Arora)/ (įरतु अरोड़ा)  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer/ 
कंपनी सिचव एवं अनुपालन अिधकारी  
Membership No.: / सद˟ता क्र. F5270  
Digitally signed 
by Ritu Arora 
Date: 2026.02.04 
18:54:32 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“NTPC Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Management:  
Mr. Jaikumar Srinivasan, Director (Finance)  
Mr. Shivam Srivastava, Director (Fuel)  
Mr. K Shanmugha Sundaram, Director (Projects)  
Mr. Ravindra Kumar, Director (Operations)  
Mr. Anil Kumar Jadli, Director (HR) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
NTPC Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the NTPC Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Thank you, - Good evening. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you all to the Q3 FY '26 
Earnings Call of NTPC Limited. Today, we have with us Shri Jaikumar Srinivasan, Director 
Finance, NTPC, along with other functional directors. We'll start with the brief opening remarks, 
which will be followed by Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Management: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Jaikumar Srinivasan, Director Finance 
NTPC Limited and NTPC Green Energy Limited. It gives me immense pleasure to welcome you 
all to our earnings conference call for Q3 and 9 months ended 31st December 2025. 
Joining me today are my colleagues from the Board and the senior management. Shri Shivam 
Srivastava, Director-Fuel; Shri K. Shanmugha Sundaram, Director-Projects; Shri Ravindra 
Kumar, Director-Operations; and Shri Anil Kumar Jadli, Director-Human Resource, along with 
other members. I also have with me Mr. Sarit Maheshwari and Mr. Neeraj Sharma, who are the 
CEO and CFO of NGEL, respectively. 
 
We have announced our unaudited financial results for Q3 and 9 months FY '26 of NTPC today 
and same thing we did yesterday for NGEL. We have also shared operational, financial snapshot 
with the stock exchange, which are available for investors reference. I'll take you through the 
major developments in NTPC, NGEL as well as the power sector as a whole, followed by 
operational performance, financial highlights before we open the floor for questions. I'd like to 
highlight key developments. 
 
NTPC Group added 1,744 MW in Q3 FY '26, comprising of 800 MW from Patratu thermal 
power station, 694 MW from renewables and 250 MW from THDC pumped storage project. 
 
Further, during January 2026, 468 MW renewables has been added, taking total capacity 
addition in FY '26 to 6,615 MW, the highest achieved in the 10 months period. The shareholders' 
agreement for Sinnar thermal power plant was signed on 9th January 2026, following approval 
of the resolution plan submitted by NTPC and MAHAGENCO by the National Company Law 
Tribunal (NCLT). 

 
 
NTPC Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
The transfer process is expected to be completed shortly. This would add 1,350 MW of capacity 
with approximately 1,600 acres of vacant land available for future expansion. 
 
With all this, we remain on track to achieve one of the highest annual capacity addition in the 
current fiscal supported by strong project pipeline. Power demand recorded an increase of 6.3% 
in December '25 and has continued to grow in January '26 as well with a growth of 4.89% 
recorded so far as compared to the previous year. 
NTPC's group generation grew by 8.82% in December '25 and by around 4% in January '26 as 
compared to the previous year. During 9 months FY '26, NTPC group generation stood at 320 
billion units compared to 327 billion units in 9 months FY '25. NTPC's stand-alone generation 
was 261 billion units compared to 278 billion units in the corresponding period last year. 
 
The PLF of NTPC coal stations during 9 months FY '26 stood at 70.69% compared to 60.79% 
for the rest of India. NTPC commissioned 3-MWh vanadium redox flow battery pilot project, 
which is India's first MWh scale long-duration energy storage system. We have also 
commissioned 3.7 MW solar project at Chushul, which is in Ladakh, which is designed for 
providing 24X7 carbon-free electricity to the Indian Army. Coal stock at NTPC stations stood 
at 15 million tonnes, sufficient for about 18 days of generation at 85% PLF. Captive mines 
recorded dispatch growth of 4.34% year-on-year. 
 
Additionally, coal dispatch started from Pakri Barwadih's Northwest mine. Similarly, mine 
opening clearance has also been received for Badam mine, having peak rated capacity of 3 
MMTPA. The cumulative capital expenditure in coal mining stood at INR14,136 crores as on 
31st December 2025, providing a long-term equity deployment under the cost-plus framework 
and supporting a stable return on equity. 
Outstanding receivable days improved to 26 days as on 31st December 2025 compared to 34 
days as of 31st December 2024. In the first 9 months of FY '26, our station co-fired 9.68 lakh 
metric tonnes of biomass, more than double the 4.29 lakhs metric tonnes used in the same period 
last year, supporting sustainability objectives. 
 
MSCI ESG ratings upgraded NTPC to a B rating from CCC, marking a significant improvement 
in its ESG assessment after nearly 10 years due to our sustained initiatives.  
Some of the sectoral updates. CERC has issued draft regulation allowing the installation of 
battery energy storage system at thermal generation stations. This is a positive development as 
it enables coal-based plants to remain online and support peak demand by supplying additional 
power through BESS during peak hours. The framework will help DISCOMs in managing peak 
requirement and provide NTPC with an opportunity to invest in energy storage under cost-plus 
framework. 
 
A key positive indicator is that the distribution companies reported an overall profit of over 
INR2,700 crores in FY '25 compared to a loss of INR25,553 crores in FY '24, driven by lower 

 
 
NTPC Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
AT&C losses and improved payment discipline. This strengthens payment security  for 
generators and support sustainable sector growth. 
The government has recently legislated Sustainable Harnessing and Advancement of Nuclear 
energy for Transforming India, SHANTI Nuclear Act, which positions nuclear power as a key 
pillar of India's long-term baseload energy strategy in support of Viksit Bharat @2047. 
 
It addresses the power demand for manufacturing, digital infrastructure, urbanization and 
transport while reducing dependence on imported fossil fuels. The Act supports India's Net Zero 
2070 commitment by enabling scalable, clean baseload capacity and strengthening long-term 
energy security. 
For NTPC, the SHANTI Act provides a clear pathway to scale nuclear capacity as part of our 
diversified generation portfolio. It enables us to leverage our project execution and financial 
strength to add new nuclear capacities to our portfolio. The bill also supports NTPC's 
participation in advanced nuclear technologies, strengthening long-term growth and 
shareholders' value. 
 
As highlighted earlier, power demand has begun to show an increasing trend, supported by 
improving economic indicators, which is reflected in the growth numbers. Peak demand touched 
245 GW on 9th January 2026. Non solar peak demand has also shown an upward trend, reaching 
237.4 GW in FY '26 compared to 234.35 GW in FY '25 and 218.38 GW in FY '24. 
As the country's largest power generator supported by a strong balance sheet, these 
developments will enable NTPC to leverage its strength effectively. The evolving landscape 
presents significant opportunities, and it is well positioned to capture the next phase of growth 
in India's power sector by balancing conventional and non-conventional sources to ensure 
reliability, affordability and sustainability. 
 
Coming to the key financial highlights,  along with comparison with the corresponding period.  
For NTPC on a stand-alone basis, total income for Q3 FY '26 is INR 41,673 crores as against 
INR 42,303 crores in Q3 FY '25. For 9 months FY '26, the total income is INR1,25,695 crores 
as compared to INR1,28,601 crores in the corresponding previous period. NTPC's profit after 
tax for Q3 FY '26 is INR4,987 crores as against INR4,711 crores in the corresponding quarter 
of previous year, registering a growth of 5.85%. 
 
Total income of the group for 9 months FY '26 is INR1,39,388 crores as against INR1,39,777 
crores in the corresponding previous period. Profit after tax of the group for 9 months FY '26 is 
INR16,931 crores as against the corresponding previous period PAT of INR16,056 crores, 
registering an increase of 5.45%. 
During 9 months FY '26, our subsidiaries earned a profit of INR2,441 crores as compared to 
INR1,908 crores in the corresponding period of the previous year, registering an increase of 

 
 
NTPC Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
28%. NTPC's share of profit in JVs was INR1,670 crores in 9 months FY '26 as against INR1,581 
crores in 9 months FY '25. 
 
During 9 months FY '26, we have accounted for dividend income of INR 1,901 crores from our 
subsidiaries and joint venture companies as against INR1,309 crores during 9 months FY '25. 
Stand-alone regulated equity as on 31st December 2025 was INR 94,415 crores, while 
consolidated regulated equity stood at INR1,18,970 crores. 
As regards fund mobilization, NTPC has executed unsecured term loan agreement aggregating 
to INR5,000 crores comprising of INR3,500 crores with State Bank of India and INR1,500 
crores with Jammu & Kashmir Bank. These loans carry a door-to-door tenure of 15 years with 
interest rate linked to the 3 months treasury bill rate in the case of SBI and repo rate in case of 
J&K Bank. 
The proceeds will be utilized to meet company's capital expenditure requirements for ongoing 
and new capacity addition programs including inorganic growth opportunities, renewable energy 
initiatives, renovation and modernization works, coal mining operations, refinancing of existing 
loan and other related purposes. 
 
Further, NTPC organized its 18th Lenders' Meet in December 2025 at New Delhi. The meet 
provided an overview of the company's operational and financial performance, green initiatives, 
growth and diversification strategy, future capital expenditure plans and funding requirements. 
The event witnessed participation from representatives of leading banks, financial institutions 
and credit rating agencies from India and overseas. The weighted average interest rate on 
borrowings during the 9M FY '26 stood at 6.05% compared to 6.64% in 9 MFY '25, reflecting 
the benefits of proactive refinancing and strategic restructuring of the company's loan portfolio. 
 
As regards capex in the 9 months FY '26, we have incurred a group capex of INR33,466 crores 
as compared to INR30,779 crores in the corresponding previous period. While on a standalone 
basis, NTPC has incurred a capex of INR19,439 crores in 9 months FY '26 as compared to 
INR17,853 crores in the corresponding previous year period. The gross property, plant and 
machinery as on 31st December 2025 on a group level has increased by INR67,323 crores to 
INR4,54,223 crores during last 1 year, an increase of 17.4%. 
 
Coming to NTPC Green Energy Limited, let me now highlight the performance. During FY '26, 
NGEL added 2,108 MW of renewable capacity, taking its total commercial capacity to 8,010 
MW as on 31st December 2025, up from 5,902 MW as on 31st March 2025. On a year-on-year 
basis, commercial capacity increased by 4,535 MW, including 2,624 MW from the acquisition 
of Ayana Renewable Power Private Limited. 
Generation during 9 months FY '26 stood at 9,959 million units, a growth of 206% over 9 months 
FY '25, primarily driven by Ayana acquisition. Despite weather-related challenges, NGEL 
achieved a healthy capacity utilization factor of 21.8%. 

 
 
NTPC Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
Financial performance remains strong. Consolidated revenue from operations increased by 23% 
to INR1,946 crores in 9 months FY '26, while operating EBITDA grew by 25% to INR1,701 
crores. EBITDA margin improved to 87%, underscoring the robust profitability of the renewable 
portfolio. Capital investment continues to be a key focus. Consolidated capex during 9 months 
FY '26 stood at INR11,653 crores compared to INR7,261 crores in the corresponding period last 
year. 
 
Total contracted and awarded capacity increased by 11.54% to 15,527 MW as on 31st December 
2025. During the period, NGEL secured its maiden battery energy storage project of 80 MW/ 
320 MWh in Kerala through NHPC, won a SECI bid for supply of 70,000 MT per annum of 
green ammonia and Ayana secured 140-MW round-the-clock renewable project at a tariff of 
INR4.35 per kWh. 
 
In the quarter 3, NGEL successfully issued INR1,500 crores of unsecured nonconvertible 
debentures through private placement at a competitive interest rate of 7.01%. The issue was 
oversubscribed by around 8X, which shows the investors' confidence and favorable market 
perception. 
Some of the other key points on financial results are as under: NTPC has declared a second 
interim dividend of INR2.75 per equity share for the financial year '25-26. We will continue to 
balance growth along with dividend payout. 
 
Based on the question raised by investors during earlier con calls, I would like to inform that the 
fixed cost under-recoveries till December 2025 is at the level of INR454 crores, and every effort 
is being made to reduce this under-recoveries by the end of the year. Our operational gains on 
various accounts for 9 months FY '26 is INR832 crores comprising of schedule generation 
incentive, primary frequency response, etc.. We are improving our operational and maintenance 
practices continuously to reduce under-recoveries and maximum gains.  
Some of the other key developments I'd like to share : 
 
On the energy storage front, we are focusing on long-duration energy storage system in addition 
to the conventional systems. Following the successful demonstration of a 3-MWh vanadium 
redox flow battery, we are planning a 100-MWh redox battery system at our Khavda Solar 
project. 
We are focusing on replicating this technology at other locations as well. In the conventional 
BESS, we have finalized the contract for development of a 320-MWh  BESS in Kerala. In 
addition, as highlighted in the previous con call, we are in the final stage of evaluation of a tender 
for 5,000 MWh  of BESS capacity at 16 NTPC power stations under Section 62 with 
commissioning expected within 18 months. 
 
The third unit of Tehri pumped storage project has been commissioned and the final unit of 250 
MW is scheduled to be commissioned before the end of the current financial year. Work is also 

 
 
NTPC Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
in progress on the 160-MWh  CO2-based energy storage system at Kudgi. Further preliminary 
studies are underway for pumped storage projects aggregating to around 13 GW allocated by 
state governments, which will be executed through group companies of NTPC. Further, work at 
Tato-II hydroelectric power project 700 MW has also started, which NEEPCO is executing. 
 
NTPC Vidyut Vyapar Nigam has registered a growth of over 14% in power trading, up from 
31.6 BU to 36.1 BU during the FY '26 9-month period. We have received several recognitions 
such as the Organization leading the Net Zero building movement in India at the Indian Green 
Building Council’s- IGBC - Green Champions Award, SHRM HR Excellence Award in public 
sector category and won the NASSCOM-DSCI Award for best security practices in energy 
sector. In addition, the company secured 5 awards across categories at CII Digital 
Transformation (DX) Awards. 
 
We are pursuing growth through a balanced expansion across conventional and clean energy 
segments while maintaining a strong focus on fuel security, on-time execution and prudent 
capital allocation. We have over 33 GW of capacity under construction comprising 16.5 GW of 
coal-based capacity, about 1.9 GW of hydro and around 15 GW of renewable energy, and this 
is providing a solid foundation for near- to medium-term growth. To strengthen fuel assurances 
and value creation, we are also working on coal gassification, which has the potential to 
operationalize gas assets continuously. 
 
On the nuclear front, we are progressing steadily and have made good progress in conducting 
site studies in several new locations. We are also in the process of tying up with international 
partners subject to government approvals, including technology partners, engineering, 
consultants and EPC vendors. 
For financial year '26, we have seen steady execution for NTPC, with progress across capacity 
addition, fuel security, operational performance and sustainability. Similarly, as we move into 
the final quarter of the fiscal year, our focus remains on the timely commissioning of projects 
under execution, sustaining plant efficiency and availability and maintaining balance sheet 
discipline. 
 
We intend to leverage the SHANTI Act to accelerate our nuclear capacity road map, building 
on our long-term clean and reliable baseload strategy. Parallelly, NTPC is selectively scaling its 
international presence through structured engagements and project opportunities aligned with 
the strategic relevance. 
We will continue to advance renewable and energy storage in a calibrated manner to enhance 
system flexibility and portfolio balance. Despite relatively subdued power demand in the current 
year, we remain confident that demand will witness sustained incremental growth in the years 
ahead. As an integral part of India's development journey today, we are optimistic about our role 
in powering a developed India as well. 

 
 
NTPC Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
We are committed to enhancing shareholders' wealth and continue to strive for improving 
performance in every facet of our business. 
 
Thank you for joining us, and now I hand over to Mohit for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. 
Sumit Kishore: 
My first question is, could you speak about your revised targets for capacity addition in NTPC 
Green, both at the JV level as well as at the consolidated level? And what has been -- and why 
are the challenges seemingly delaying your original plans? 
Management 
Yes. Mr. Sarit Maheshwari, the CEO of NGEL will take your question. 
CEO NGEL 
See, as far as our capacity addition plan for this year was concerned, we had promised that we 
would be doing around 5,200 MW on a year-on-year basis. That is this year, we had to add 5 
GW of power. We are well on track for it. We have already added 2,000-odd MW. And in the 
balance 2 months, our capacity additions are well on track. 
 
We are going to add around 1,000 MW more at Khavda, 200 MW more at Bhadla and 250 MW 
at Kalasar, together around 300 MW of wind will come from our Gujarat plants and also around 
500 to 550 MW will be coming from our Ayana portfolio. This would take us to another 2,300 
to 2,400 of structured capacity addition planned in the next 2 months. So the capacity addition 
plan is very much on track, and we would be touching our 5 GW target. 
Sumit Kishore: 
So 2,000 MW is done. 2,300 to 2,400 can be done in next 2 months that will be 4,400 MW? 
CEO NGEL 
No. So far, we have done -- we have already done as on date -- as on -- till the last quarter, 
around 2,100 and around 500 so 2,600-odd MW we have already done. So as I told you, for the 
balance one also around 2,500 MW is on target. So that will take us to 5 gigawatts. That is what 
we have planned. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. And for the next financial year, what's the NTPC Green target at the consolidated level? 
CEO NGEL 
Our plan as of now for FY '27 is 8 GW. And we have already commenced work on the various 
plants which have to give the capacities next year. And likewise, for FY '28 also, we are targeting 
8 GW of capacity addition. 
Sumit Kishore: 
So sir, NTPC Green again, the next question is, what is your solar and wind generation, which 
has happened in 9 month FY '26 at the consolidated level and the JV level? And also please 
share your calculated PLF. My humble request is that the key performance like for NTPC Green 
should be uploaded along with the results because it is very difficult to interpret performance in 
the absence of these basic numbers. 
Management 
Key financial numbers, operational and financial numbers of the NGEL have already been 
uploaded, you may please verify or you can get it directly from the company also. 

 
 
NTPC Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. It was not in not on BSE as of now. 
Management 
It is in the NGEL website, you can just check. Okay? 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. Okay. I was checking on BSE. So, the last question is what explains loss contribution for 
JVs in NTPC Green in Q3? 
CEO NGEL 
The work in all the NGEL JVs are still in progress, except for Ayana contribution, which has 
also been explicitly mentioned there. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. So the loss is attributable to Ayana? 
CEO NGEL 
No, if you see on a quarter-on-quarter basis, definitely, there is -- in Q2 to Q3, there is a dip in 
the profit but on the 9-month consolidation basis, you can see that our -- both PBT has grown 
by 26% on a consolidated basis. And so is the PAT, which has grown  by 35%. 
But if you just tend to analyze Q2 to Q3, there are various reasons because of which the 
profitability has gone down. that primarily involves some loss of generation at Khavda wherein 
we had brought in the largest capacity, and this is the initial stabilization period because of which 
the generation is not to the tune what has been -- what should have come from there. 
 
But that is very normal in any renewable companies. And I can tell you that as on date, whatever 
capacity we have brought it at Khavda, which is around 1,500 MW. All the capacities are running 
at full load. So there is absolutely no loss of capacity because of performance because the 
stabilization period is now over for the capacities that we added there. 
Management 
Just to explain the stabilization here, the peculiar thing here is when the capacity addition 
happened on an odd date, the benefit of the revenue is accrued from the odd date, whereas the 
depreciation for the capacity cost is booked for the entire month, depreciation particularly. So in 
the next quarter, it gets normalized. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nidhi Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Nidhi Shah: 
So my first question is that we recently got the 400 MW of the 1 GW bid of UPPCL, the PPA 
has been given out. So what is the status of the remaining 600 MW as well as there was another 
bid that NTPC won in March from UPPCL. So again, what is the progress on the PPA for that 
bid? 
CEO NGEL 
No, we have already 1,400 MW of UPPCL power that we had. Out of that, 1 gigawatt is already 
PPA tied at -- the work is going on at Chitrakoot and Lalitpur on that. The balance 400 MW, we 
do not have the PPA, and we haven't started the work on that as of -- till now. 
Nidhi Shah: 
All right. And what -- but isn't the total 2 gigawatt, 1 gigawatt in Jan and 1 gigawatt in March? 
So Chitrakoot and the other one that you mentioned, that is from the first tranche in Jan. The 
second one, 1 gigawatt in March, what is the status of that? 

 
 
NTPC Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
CEO NGEL 
Ma'am, as regards NGEL, we have only with UP 1,400 MW. We can get offline to understand 
this, which capacities you are talking. 
Nidhi Shah: 
All right. Lastly, what percentage of the 23.5 GW that is in our contracted and awarded total, is 
PPA tied and what percentage is not PPA tied? 
CEO NGEL 
I can give you the figures on a year-on-year basis, what is the PPA tied capacities. In FY '26, the 
capacities that we will now be adding will be -- is almost 82% PPA tied. FY '27, it moves to 
83% FY '28 capacity as on date is 60% is tied up. And if you pick up total of all  on a consolidated 
basis, we are 74% PPA tied. 
And I would also like to add here this we have not included some of the plants where the PPA 
dialogue is going up with government, like 600-MW odd we are in advanced stages of tie-up at 
Barethi from MP government. So that also we haven't considered. So if you consider that as the 
PPA, which will definitely happen, this percentage would further go up. Likewise, we have also 
some comfort letters with our group company, NVVN. That is also because there is no firm PPA 
over there, we haven't included that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Satyadeep Jain from AMBIT Capital. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Just first on NTPC. Just wanted to check on the decision to participate in Section 63 tenders, 
there have been about 11, 12 gigawatt of awards. Is this a conscious decision for NTPC not to 
participate in Section 63, just trying to understand? 
Management 
Yes, NTPC has always hitherto maintained the position that it will, first of all, channelize all its 
resources and equity as far as the Section 62 is concerned. So we are -- by merit order, we are 
all going through brownfield projects only. And so after exhausting this, the next level of strategy 
would be thought of. 
But right at this moment, you are correct that we are restricting ourselves for Section 62 as far 
as thermal plants are concerned, but that doesn't limit us from going in for acquisition of pre-
existing assets. 
 
As you know, we have recently acquired Sinnar Thermal Power Plant. So that that would be a 
case-to-case decision. But definitely, at this moment, we are not bidding for any greenfield 
projects, which are coming under Section 63.. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Just wanted to touch on this further. So a lot of these tenders -- and maybe you can share a 
thought why are we seeing a lot of flurry of tenders to 63. And you have pipeline -- we're waiting 
for more visibility for pipeline beyond '28, '29, commissioning some tenders which are still not 
awarded, which we are waiting in '27. So why not build this pipeline beyond the brownfield that 
you already have? Maybe -- so till you tender out and look at the remaining capacity that you 
have, you will not participate in 63 at all? 

 
 
NTPC Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
 
And does it limit your optionality because all these states are tendering 63 basis. Would that 
limit option once you exhaust brownfield? Just trying to understand the thought process of this. 
Management 
No, no, we are not ruling anything out forever. But right at this moment, as I said that on a purely 
merit order, we are right now restricting ourselves to Section 62. We'll evaluate the proposition 
as we go ahead. But at the same time, my allocation of resources from the NTPC holding 
company would be towards all the committed projects, which includes hydro projects of its 
subsidiaries. We have commitments -- increasing commitments to nuclear. So keeping all this 
to balance everything, right now, the strategy is to participate in going for Section 62. But as we 
go ahead, we'll evaluate our strategy afresh. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
And maybe, sir, any thoughts maybe from your front why push towards 63 from states? Anything 
you can add or maybe -- if not, I can move to the next question. 
Management 
No, I'm not clear about your question. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Why is there a flurry of tenders through 63 and why are states not looking at 62? Just trying to 
understand what is driving this activity on 63 front? 
Management 
I mean, as far as our capacity addition is concerned under 62, we have a sufficient response and 
we have taken from the state. We have been successfully able to tie up our projects. So beyond 
this, if there are certain considerations at the state level -- individual state level, I won't be able 
to explain to you. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. And sir, secondly, on NGEL, I just wanted to understand, so you're looking at 2.5 GW in 
the next 2 months and 8 GW, just next year, just how -- are you looking at right of way 
connectivity? 
So these are -- you have a very high reasonable surety that these plants have connectivity 
commissioned and that we will be able to commission 2.5 GW in the next 2 months, just the 
level of confidence you have for these 2.5 GW in the next 2 months? 
Management 
See, as Mr. Sarit was explaining around 20 GW that we are targeting over the next 3 years, the 
entire PPA -- the PPA up to 75% is in place. But on a more immediate basis, the land connectivity 
is in place. So I think we are pretty sure that whatever is in the hand, we'll be able to finish it, 
we are fully geared up for that. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
No, sir. Just specifically the 2.5 for the next 2 months, you're talking about. I know land 
connectivity, everything is secured. But in terms of connectivity, the energizing of the plant and 
the connectivity being available, this would be contingent on connectivity being there, right, the 
2.5 GW. Just trying to understand the level of confidence you have that the connectivity will be 
ready and we will be able to energize these assets by the end of March, obviously. 
Management 
Yes, Mr. Sarit. 

 
 
NTPC Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
CEO NGEL 
See, I'll answer this in 2 parts. One is the physical progress on the ground to give you some idea 
how we are going to add 2.5 GW in the coming 2 months. Our bulk of the capacity in this - 
around 1,000-odd MW - is coming from Khavda alone. So this Khavda already 700 to 800 MW 
of module capacities have already been erected. So now when we will be adding the further 
capacity over there, all the connectivity related challenges in terms of transformers and all are  
already back charged. 
 
So these capacities are going to come in the coming 2 months step by step. we have already 
commissioned at Bhadla 300 MW, so every system  over there is also charged and the balance 
200 MW, we will bring there also. So this gives a very clear 1,200 MW, which is very much 
ready and can be commissioned within the next 1 to 1.5 months only. 
 
In addition to that, we have from our Ayana platform also 500 to 550 MW, which is in advanced 
stage of commissioning. We also have our wind projects at 3 locations, which is Vanki, 
Jamjodhpur and Dwarka. At Vanki and Jamjodhpur, we will be bringing in another 200-odd 
MW from these 2 locations. And from Dayapar, we are also targeting around 150 MW. 
 
In addition, there is one more plant, as I explained before, also, Kalasar, which is 250 MW. So 
if you sum up all these, we are on track for the -- our capacity addition as we had promised. On 
the connectivity front, as you can say that our firm capacities currently are at the Khavda region 
is 865MW. From February onwards, we will get further connectivities over there. And the 
balance, any additional generation from there as now is going on TGNA. It will go on TGNA 
from there. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. Sir, just a clarification on Ayana 500 MW. This is the Hindalco RE-RTC that you expect 
to commission by March 2026. Is that right? 
CEO NGEL 
That includes a part of that also, but there are other projects also. One is in Rajasthan. We can 
give you the breakup offline, especially of the 500 MW of Ayana platform also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Khushwant Pahwa from KPAC. 
Khushwant Pahwa: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. First is, I understood the capacity that come online 
on the NGEL group side. Can you please give some color on what capacity will come online on 
the thermal side, the time lines, basically? This year, remaining 3 months and next year and the 
year thereafter? 
Management 
Yes. As far as thermal for the current year is concerned, see, as you know that we already -- in 
my opening statement, we have said that how much is the actual that has been commissioned till 
31st Dec 2025, 2,780 MW is already commissioned. So I think thermal, we will end up at this. 
No further thermal capacity is expected during the current year. But however, the next year, we 
are expecting Patratu Unit 2 and 3 to be commissioned in Q1 and Q3, respectively. So that would 
add around 1,600 MW, 2 units of 800. 

 
 
NTPC Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Khushwant Pahwa: 
So I mean, I see the capacity coming online is 16,520 MW. So do you have any broad time lines 
for that or difficult at this stage? 
Management 
Over the next 3-year period, 6,500 MW would be added, 2,780 during the current year; next 
year, it is 2 units of 800, 1,600; and the year next, it would be 2,120 MW, this is coming from 
TTPS Stage 3 1320 MW and Lara -Stage 2, this is 800 MW. So that adds to 2,120 MW. So all 
this put together 6.5 GW over the next 3 years, including the current year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ketan Jain from Avendus Spark. 
Ketan Jain: 
Thank you. My question got answered earlier. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahesh Patil from ICICI Securities. . 
Mahesh Patil: 
Yes. Sir, my first question is what is the impact of curtailment on our generation? Is it possible 
to quantify it in any way? 
Management 
You're talking about thermal or... 
Mahesh Patil: 
Yes, yes, the renewables for Rajasthan, Gujarat. 
Management 
On the renewable, okay. 
CEO NGEL 
Yes, we had -- you're right, we had significant curtailments. Yes, I can give you the figures. We 
had a total in this -- for the 9 months that have gone by, we lost around 420 million units on 
account of curtailment in NGEL alone. And in NREL also, we had lost around 212 million units 
of generation. So I think this answers you that curtailment has been a significant issue in the past 
that we had faced. 
 
But I'm happy to inform you that as regards NGEL, now the curtailment will be zero because 
the line through which the curtailment was happening was Narela K3 line that is commissioned. 
And hence forth, there will be no curtailment loss on to NGEL on account of this. 
There will be minor curtailment losses in NREL from Khavda because our complete GNA is 
865, which is going to be firmed up in sequence next year onwards. And by October, we will be 
having the complete capacities over there also. So with respect to NGEL growth, the curtailment 
will not have that kind of an effect that is happening elsewhere in Gujarat and Rajasthan. 
Mahesh Patil: 
Okay. And sir, my second question is on the thermal award that we are looking at for next year, 
FY '27? 
Management: 
Next year, we are looking at an award of 4 gigawatt that will be Lara-2 1,600 MW. Jhabua, 
BRBCL, Bhilai 800 MW each. The next financial year, we are planning Talcher thermal-based 
extension of another 800 MW at this instance. And we have various other options also. 
Depending on the conditions we may add further. 

 
 
NTPC Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil from Bernstein. 
Nikhil: 
My first question is on the green ammonia project that we won. I mean, outside in the bids look 
aggressive. So I wanted to check, do they fall within our return thresholds? Or are there any 
plans to reconsider that project. 
Management 
Will you please repeat the question? 
Nikhil: 
So the question is on the green ammonia project. I'm saying the green ammonia project that we 
won, could you please clarify outside in the bids look aggressive to us, so I wanted to check, 
does the project meet our return threshold of 11%, 12% for higher equity IRR or are there any 
plans to reconsider that green ammonia project? 
CEO NGEL 
I'll take this query. In fact, if you see the IRR calculations for this, this would primary number 
that has to come is from RE-RTC on that. And the RE-RTC prices are quite competitive these 
days, and we would be maintaining the healthy IRR as we do for other projects in this project 
also. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. Got it. My second and last question is on the nuclear side. So the future projects planned 
on nuclear, the technology partnerships you're looking for are abroad, no plans to do it on 
domestic tie-ups? 
Management: 
As you know, currently, we are working along with NPCIL in our Mahi Banswara project. That 
is predominantly on PSWR technology. As far as the balance technologies are concerned, we 
already come out with an MOU, and we have shortlisted EDF France for India and as far as 
Rosatom part -- this PWR. So with these 2, we are planning to have MOU, then we will take it 
forward in working in this technology, PWR technology predominantly. So in the meantime, we 
have started studies in various stages. 
 
One of the site in Andhra Pradesh is in advanced condition. Another one MP is in progress. Once 
you select a site, then we will go and try to award these by tenderingfor this PWR technology. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aniket Mittal from SBI Mutual Fund. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Sir, just a clarification on thermal awarding. When do we expect Meja to get awarded, and it 
seems you pushed out Lara also to FY '27 now. So just to understand what's leading to these 
delays in incremental coal awarding? 
 Management                         See, in case of this Meja -- basically, it's the equity is crossing the threshold limit, both government 
of UP and NTPC has to get the necessary approvals. So the approval process is pending 
otherwise, everything is tied up. It's a matter of time. We are expected to finish this in this 
quarter. As regards Lara, we are postponing because the parties which are supposed to quote 
they are asking for an extension. 

 
 
NTPC Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
We are trying to consider them. Though we have put as a first quarter next financial year, it may 
be quite possible to have it in this quarter itself. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Okay. And what about Patratu, sir? When do you expect to award Phase 2 of Patratu? 
 Management: 
Phase II of Patratu right now it all depends on concerned the state government. Right now, it is 
not on  the table. It may be -- after the 4.8 gigawatt which I was telling earlier, that we are having 
a lot of options with us. Under those options, Patratu and other will be seen 
Aniket Mittal: 
Okay. Just one question on the financials. I think this quarter, when I look at the profitability 
there seems to be a very big rise on a Y-o-Y basis on the fertilizer JV that we have, could you 
quantify that number for this quarter? And then what's driving this increase in profitability over 
there? 
Management 
Just give me a moment. See, sales volume growth has been 22%. So that has increased the fixed 
cost recovery by INR 992 crores and there is a reduction in gas under recovery by INR 224 
crores on account of improved efficiency. This is 5.04 gigacal/MT from 5.207 gigacal/MT. So 
both this has been a contributing factor. 
 
And there is an increase in the trading margin by INR159 crores. So all these 3 things accounts 
for increase by around INR357 crores of profit. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Got that. And just lastly, there's obviously been news about us and NIIF trying to sell 
IntelliSmart. What's the way out over there? 
Management 
IntelliSmart -- still under process. So we will be able to tell you definitively later on, not at this 
moment. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Management 
I thank you all of you for your active participation in this earnings call for the Q3 FY '26. And 
for your pertinent queries on the operational and financial aspects of NTPC, NGEL way ahead. 
Wherever we could not give you the precise number can raise a separate query, and we'll be glad 
to clarify that, and we'll have it provided through our Investor Relations cell. Thanks once again 
to all of you for the active participation. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
