Craftsman Automation Limited 
Registered Office: 
Corporate Office: 
 
123/4, Sangothipalayam Road,  
No.1087, 4th & 5th Floor, Krishna Towers, 
 Tel + 91 422 71 610 00 
Arasur Post, Coimbatore – 641 407  
Avinashi Road, Coimbatore - 641037 
fax + 91 422 71 612 34 
Tamil Nadu, India 
Tamil Nadu, India 
info@craftsmanautomation.co
   CIN NO:   
 
www.craftsmanautomation.co
   GST NO:  
2nd February, 2026 
To 
The Manager - Listing,  
The Manager - Listing, 
BSE Limited,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Rotunda Building, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex ,  
Dalal Street,  
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543276 
Stock Code: CRAFTSMAN  
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the Unaudited Financial 
Results (Standalone & Consolidated) for the quarter and nine months 
ended 31st December, 2025; 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and our intimation and 
outcome letter dated 5th January, 2026 and 29th January, 2026 respectively, we are 
enclosing herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call organized on Thursday, 
the 29th January, 2026 at 4.00 P.M. (IST) on the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone 
& Consolidated) for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2025. 
The transcript of the earnings conference call will be uploaded on the website of the 
Company at www.craftsmanautomation.com.   
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the 
same on your respective websites. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully,  
for CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION LIMITED 
Shainshad Aduvanni  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
Shainshad 
Aduvanni
Digitally signed by 
Shainshad Aduvanni 
Date: 2026.02.02 
16:50:58 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION LIMITED 
 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 29th January, 2026  
for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2025 
 
This document might contain forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks, 
uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those 
in the forward-looking statements. We do not intend or assume any obligation to update any 
forward-looking statement, which speaks only as of the date on which it is made. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by Craftsman Automation Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the opening remarks are concluded. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman and Managing Director of Craftsman Automation 
Limited. Thank you. And over to you, Mr. Ravi. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for joining the Earnings Call. 
The presentation has been updated in the exchanges. So, I hope you had time 
to go through that. So, we are ready for the Q&A, please. Over to the queue. I 
think we can start Q&A. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. Ladies and gentlemen, you may note that some of the statements 
which may be made by the management team during this earnings conference 
call may contain certain forward-looking information, which are not guarantees 
of future performance and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties.  
 
We encourage you to refer to the disclaimer in the investor presentation of the 
company. Further, the management will not be addressing any customer-
specific queries owing to confidential obligations. We kindly request that you 
avoid mentioning any customer names in your questions. We take the first 
question from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Yes. Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Sir, on the aluminium side, aluminium 
standalone margins, sir, this quarter, there is a dip sequentially Q-on-Q. I just 
want to understand what could be the reasons for the decline? Is it some 
aluminium higher cost impact? And also, sir, how do you see the aluminium 
standalone margins over a period of time, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
For the annualized basis, I think the aluminium will be moderating at a higher 
level. Q3, I think there's a start up of a new plant in Shoolagiri. We have 
incurred operational losses in the first quarter to prove out all the parts totally. 
So as a consolidated, I mean, as a stand-alone, it affected the stand-alone 
because it's quite also a significant plant. So we have started production now, 
and I think production will ramp up by Q2 to a reasonable level. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
I think it will be improving from Q4 onwards continuously. So, I don't see any 
big change in the aluminium business margins going forward. Optically, yes, 
the commodity prices have been quite violent in the upward surge, and it is 
quite significant in aluminium, and it has continued to remain that way. So, our 
margin will be on the gross margin or value addition, I would say. So optically, 
our margin may come down, but it will be quite intact as far as the margin is 
concerned. 
 
 
The second point will be that the -- for the secondary aluminium, there is some 
volatility on the imports because of the sudden surge of the dollar or the rupee 
depreciation, I would say. All this has played out, but we have a pass-through 
with the customer. Some are immediate. Some are taking a month or two. So, 
there isn't the effect in the long term. But in the short term, yes, there has been 
minor corrections there, yes. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Got it, sir. Sir, on the alloy wheel side, how we are seeing the utilization levels 
for the 5.8 million capacity? And also I want to check, have the alloy wheel 
margins moved to a normal range of something like high single-digit margin or 
still it's ramping up in terms of margins? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, we have not even touched 50% of the installed capacity, I would say, 
because of the high variety of parts, which are under -- is all subject to BIS 
approval also and the model developments and also customer validation. So 
the second thing is the -- because of the steep ramp-up and also addition of 
new plant, we are not in the double-digit margin yet or even high single digit. 
We are lower than that. But when the plant becomes optimal, I think by Q3, we 
should be reaching that level, Q3 of next year, I mean. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: And sir, next year, Q3, we should also be in a good 60%, 70% plus utilization 
levels for the plant, right, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, correct. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Got it, sir. Sir, on the.... 
 
Moderator: 
Mumuksh, sorry to interrupt you. Could you please join back the queue for 
follow-up questions? We take the next question from the line of Mukesh Saraf 
from Avendus Spark. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Firstly, on the Powertrain segment, could you kind of give us some sense on 
the fact that commercial vehicle segment is looking better now? The outlook 
seems a lot more positive and so does tractors. So, how do we see this 
segment fare for us? We have seen numbers around this INR450 crores in our 
quarterly run rate. How can this kind of ramp up further? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
In the last -- I mean, mostly couple of years, commercial vehicle was quite 
muted and even tractor was muted. Now, tractor is doing very well in this 
financial year and commercial vehicle is showing green shoots of some 
marginal growth. The more interesting portion will come in the coming years 
when commercial vehicle moves to the higher engine capacities and gearbox 
capacities, which we expect the norm globally sort of heavy duty means and 
higher horsepower, 400-plus horsepower plus also on 700, 800 newton meter.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
But we are seeing a little of ceding in the market by some of the OEMs in India, 
and the results have been quite positive for the -- they are only battling with the 
delta cost, rather the productivity and fuel efficiency are offsetting the initial 
investment. So, this will move just like any other product moves up the -- for 
the higher capability, which is more productive for the fleet owners. 
 
 
This will happen. That will be the more interesting. So, absolute numbers 
growing will be growing at single digit, yes. At the same time, the growth in 
tonnage also will be at single digit. But I think the ability to turn around the fleet 
and the per vehicle cost, I think is set to move up as we move forward. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Right. So, we should kind of hence see that benefit for us flowing through? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. And the silver lining as far as Craftsman is concerned is this means new 
product development and at least we can really do the costing from scratch at 
the current capex. The capex is also very high related to any infrastructure and 
also import of machinery because of the exchange rates. And we have the new 
Labour Code, which is coming in very soon that also will -- we need more 
automation.  
 
Craftsman has been preparing very well for the last 3 years on manpower 
productivity by investment into automation and better equipment, or I would 
say, more productive equipment, in line with the international level of 
operations -- the international competitors. So that -- in that sense, I think new 
products call for also high reliability from the suppliers and high capability from 
the suppliers also.  
 
So that will help us to price the product right. And the end product of the OEM, 
which goes to the market, the product is so highly priced because of the 
technology it is packed in and also the productive nature, it will not impact them, 
but I think -- I'm not saying there's a price reset, but I think reasonable pricing 
compared to the legacy prices. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Got it. And secondly, if you could give some... 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Tractors, we are benefiting not only from the volume growth, but I think the 
horsepower -- average horsepower has increased. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Right. Understood, sir. And on Sunbeam, if you could kind of just take us 
through, I mean, where are we in that journey towards double-digit margins 
now that we've been running it now for a few quarters? So, do you kind of see 
that it's going to happen in the next 2 quarters, 3 quarters? How do you see 
that? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Three headlines. One is the heavy weight lifting of Sunbeam is over, but we 
have crossed the most critical point of 50% and now it is a journey, which will 
continue to improve. So, we will be seeing margins from Q2 of next year 
improving. We'll end the year at 10% sort of EBITDA level from the current year 
of around 7% totally. So the exit run rate will be much higher. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
That is the Q4 will be higher than the 10% is what we see. And we have not 
still taken any new business, which we will be starting in the coming quarters. 
Even on the 2-wheeler side, there are premium vehicles coming up. There is 
a shift towards outsourcing of machining activity, which the OEMs are doing 
in-house. And we are strategically placed in many geographic locations for the 
business. 
 
 
So for Sunbeam, especially we are also having a plant in Gujarat, Ludhiana, 
and we can supply to Uttarakhand. And also in the South, we have not invested 
for Sunbeam, but it's possible to look at similar parts and maybe also invest in 
the future. But I would say that those set of family parts, Craftsman is doing as 
well as Sunbeam is doing for 2-wheeler.  
 
Sunbeam has also got increased potential for the exports going forward. While 
we wait for the total restructuring of Sunbeam to happen thoroughly, we have 
more or less integrated the three teams on the working side of it. We have 
participated in the EUROGUSS exhibition just two weeks ago in Nuremberg, 
where all the key aluminium -- exhibition for aluminium suppliers and all three 
teams participated together. 
 
We have exhibited the products together. We see a good response. The 
traction of being at least getting to a medium-sized aluminium company in the 
coming 2 years as a group will help Sunbeam to leverage that. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Abhishek Jain from AlfAccurate 
Advisors Private Limited. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Congrats for a strong set of numbers, sir. Sir, in Industrial and Engineering 
segment, we have seen a very sharp jump in EBIT margin. So, just wanted to 
understand is it sustainable? And are we looking some improvement on the 
business and on the top line and the margin side, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, it is sustainable. And with the operating leverage, which we have now 
started to generate, we will see margin expansion in the next financial year. 
And the demand for these products is increasing in India, and we are the 
second largest player in the country as far as the static racking. And we are 
among the two largest Indian players, I would say, on the automated storage 
and both are gaining traction.  
 
The second important point is since the market is also growing and there's 
been consolidation of the supplier base, it is a very clear segregation, which 
has happened from the top five players and the other players. They have 
become regional players. And also on the top five players, I think the number 
one and number two where we are number two. And among the other three, 
there is also clear gaps which is there, just like in the passenger vehicle 
segment. This means the larger projects execution mostly lies on three of the 
suppliers.  
 
So that way, I think there's no need to undercut each other on this matter. And 
we feel that we have made enough traction in the -- and also proved the 
product in the market. So, we need not also go on a cost cutting -- sorry, the 
sales price cutting strategy to win orders. So the optimum usage of the plant 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
will come in, in the next two, three quarters, where we will be able to see margin 
expansion due to better operating leverage and also better purchasing power 
from the steel. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Sir, my next question on the operating margin side. From last 
2 quarters, we have seen that operating margin is hovering around 15% to 
15.3%. So, just wanted to understand what would be the margin level in quarter 
4 and in FY '27? As you said that this quarter margin also impacted because 
of the addition of the new plants and that impacted to some extent the 
aluminium margin. So if we take the FY '27 number, what kind of the margin 
expansion we can build in our model? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The model of percentage of revenue as the margin, I think it doesn't hold good 
for many reasons. For example, aluminium exports from China has been 
dropped by 8%. So, aluminium prices have jumped by around 16% from 
$2,800 to around $3,050, something like this and the highest level since April 
'22, which was the last peak. So, when the top line only increases with the 
same value addition, not margin, but value addition of absolute value, 
artificially, it looks like the margin reduces.  
 
So, we have to look at it in relation with the commodity prices. So, I would 
kindly request you to look at the gross margin and the margin versus -- the 
EBITDA margins or EBIT margins versus the gross margins. That will be the 
right figure because aluminium again further increases, artificially, it look like 
our margins have come down. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
But in the third quarter, if I see that top line number of this aluminium business 
that was quarter-on-quarter flat, despite that, we have seen around 200 bps 
margin contraction. So if you can throw some light over there that what were 
the key reasons for that 200 bps of margin contraction on EBIT level and how 
these numbers will start to improve? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See, the revenue, what you see on aluminium is some of the increased 
aluminium prices. So, you can say that the top line has been flat. It may be 
reduced for us as far as our contribution goes totally because it may be 
attributed that the top line being flat or growing or being stable maybe because 
of the increased aluminium prices.  
 
So, you cannot just look at the top line and look at it. I said only one-time event 
about this new plant at Shoolagiri for the alloy wheel, which has impacted our 
margins. Yes, that will be there for a quarter or two, then it will go away just 
like we had in the past about when we started the Bhiwadi plant, if you 
remember. But otherwise, the top line are not strictly comparable between 
even Q2 and Q3 because aluminium prices are different. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Nikhil Rao from iThought PMS. 
 
Nikhil Rao: 
So, I have a question on the order book for stationary engines. Can you provide 
the split for the 100 million between prime parcels and backup parcels? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, our customers do not tell us whether it's for prime power or backup power. 
So, we have no -- and these are fungible. At least the product what we make 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
is fungible. They manufacture everything under one roof. So the second point 
is the order book. I think it is -- we are inching towards an annual level of around 
$60 million and then also for FY '29.  
 
And now the balance $30 million, $40 million also will get tied up in the next 
year or so. So, we will be on track with the $100 million revenue for FY '29, FY 
'30, FY '29, possibly if the testing and acceleration. The demand for the 
products is quite high and the customer support on the product -- the order 
books as well as on the product development is quite significantly high. We will 
be touching a peak requirement in the market by 2030.All the OEMs are geared 
up towards that. So, we are on time for this to catch this upward curve. 
 
Nikhil Rao: 
Okay. And from this Fronberg acquisition, do you see any demand coming in 
beyond data centers like from other industries? And also, what kind of steady-
state margins are you expecting from this business? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See, energy per se has been growing not significantly in the past, but these 
data centers or AI has driven the energy to be suddenly spike, I would say. But 
even if the spike is over and even at a larger base, we still see energy will -- 
demands will keep growing and backup requirements will keep growing. But it 
will not be as high as this what is happening. So once we are into this elite 
league of this supply of these critical parts, I think there is many -- a lot of 
validation required to onboard a supplier. We are through with the first phase. 
 
Second phase is on now. So, we will be starting to supply in a year, 1.5 years, 
the first invoicing will start. So, that is the most important point in our milestone 
so that we will continue to leverage this relationship with our customers for 
future products. India per se is also well poised for this -- taking advantage of 
this technological growth because there's not much of capacity in Europe, nor 
in North America.  
 
Since Craftsman also owns a foundry for this large engines, Craftsman 
Fronberg Guss, which is near -- it is in Hamburg, which is near Nuremberg. 
We have an insight into whatever capacities are available in Europe also totally 
and what is really happening to those capacities. So, we are working hand-in-
hand with the customer to see we align with their future requirements on 
volume. 
 
Nikhil Rao: 
Okay. And one more question. What are the current debt levels of the 
company, both short and long term? Given that OEMs finished 2025 with like 
near optimal inventory days, has there been like a bullwhip effect on your 
working capital needs because of the recent surge in demand because of the 
GST reduction? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, on the Powertrain, I think there is no increased requirement of working 
capital per se. In aluminium, I think the delta price of the price increase will 
have that marginal 10% or 15% increase in the working capital requirement. 
So the question is net debt to -- I would rather look at debt to EBITDA. Debt to 
EBITDA on a consolidated level, we are at 2.55 on a 9-month figure, which is 
annualized. 
 
Nikhil Rao: 
Okay. Thank you. That’s all from my side. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ajox Frederick from 
Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Sir, in aluminium, are there products where we can benefit out of this 
aluminium price increase, meaning it is not on per tonnage basis and on more 
product level pricing? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
We never have ever quoted for per tonnage basis at all. Aluminium is a 
calculated material cost, and that is it. And that is anybody can calculate it, not 
only the customer. So it is a very clear engineering number, which nobody can 
dispute on the weight of the part, nor on the cost of the material. Cost of 
material, of course, there can be some dispute on plus/minus 3% on market 
prices. 
 
 
That is it. So beyond that, whatever is the gross value addition, what we do on 
the casting side and the post casting process can be painting, can be some 
heat treatment and also can be also the machining side. So, we are an 
engineering company where we do a lot of machining per se as Craftsman 
stand-alone. But Sunbeam and DR Axion are more on the casting side. 
Sunbeam on the exports, yes, it is fully finished product. So, we never have 
ever quoted for per tonne basis on the matter. It is always component to 
component and this component, this price. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay. So I mean, despite quoting at those levels, you're saying the spread is 
what we compute as value add. So always when prices increase, there will be 
an optical reduction in margins. So, that will always happen? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, correct. See, suppose a tailor is getting INR1,000 for stitching and the 
garment is INR2,000, the margin is on -- say, it has got INR300 margin. So the 
material cost goes up. We have no -- it is a pass-through. So it will only optically 
increase the top line revenue. 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
Yes. Got it. So sir, secondly, on this Euro FTA, can there be better opportunities 
than earlier envisaged in Kothavadi from Europe? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, I think the Kothavadi project is based on a very special product where 
there's a unique once-in-a-lifetime sort of requirement coming up for the OEMs 
who are manufacturing those products, which are hardly less than 10 
companies all over the world. So, this is driving that. They are going to lose 
their customer base if they don't ramp up on that matter. So, everybody is in a 
race to create capacities. Nobody is worried about this FTA per se. 
 
 
I think I mentioned in the previous earnings call, the engine or the generator, 
generator costs anywhere between $1 billion -- sorry, $1 million to, say, $1.5 
million per generator, whereas our product may be around $20,000, $30,000 
depending on the configuration and size of the engine, things like that. So, we 
are not any significant game changer as far as their bill of material or the cost 
goes in.  
 
So it more is driven by the capability of the supplier, in this case, Craftsman 
and also the reliability of quality is extremely important for the customer to take 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
a decision. This was normally made in-house. So the trust to give the orders 
outside to a supplier itself is a big, big step for these OEMs. 
 
 
If you ask for the other -- not the bottom of the pyramid, at least the middle of 
the pyramid products where we are somewhat present a little, but on the top 
of the pyramid products, this is not the criteria. FTA is not the criteria. But 
middle of the pyramid products, there is an -- earlier it was, we need to be 30% 
cheaper than what they develop in Europe.  
 
Now, Europe costs have gone up and now they're feeling the pinch. Now, 
they're looking at 20%, we should be cheaper than Europe to get the order. 
We don't really engage on those sort of businesses. But with this FTA coming 
in, I think the gap will be further reduced totally. And the trust on Indian supplier 
base has to improve because of infrastructure for shipping, logistics, reliability 
of quality and delivery.  
 
Once it improves, we can come at even at a 10% leverage we have on the 
pricing is we have lesser pricing than the European counterparts, we can easily 
win the order. But for the aluminium, the other things are happening. Now, I'm 
switching over to aluminium. Sorry about that. But I would say that I want to 
clarify, aluminium there is a lot of distress in the aluminium supplier community 
vendor base, especially in the auto ancillary, both in North America as well as 
in Europe.  
 
They all invested heavily for Europe and many of them are getting insolvent or 
they don't have the ability to invest further. So when the swim back is 
happening to hybrid and ICE in a bigger way, these companies are not able to 
adopt at all and the products have to be outsourced to other regions. So, we 
are still competing with our Asian partners and other regions also. So, I think 
between -- we are not really competing now with the European supplier base 
or the American supplier base on the products what we manufacture. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand 
Rathi Institutional Equities. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Yes. Sir, on the capex side, what is the capex for the 9 months? And what is 
expected for the full year, sir? And can you again indicate the debt level? What 
is the debt gross and net currently, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think this can be taken offline on this subject. So, we'll be reading out lot of 
numbers for various subsidiaries also. As I mentioned, consolidated net debt 
to EBITDA, you know the EBITDA levels. It is 2.55 as of now. And today, the 
return of capital employed is -- pre tax is around 16% totally. 
 
 
ROE is around 12% annualized. So the -- we look at it now, there is a big 
upsurge in orders as we speak also. So, we are looking at stand-alone capex 
for Craftsman around close to INR1,000 crores this year because we have 
added quite significant revenue. If you recall, our IPO value were when the 
turnover was around, say, INR1,300 crores, INR1,400 crores range. And now 
this year alone, we added -- we are adding around INR1,000 crores to the top 
line overall. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
 
And we are seeing that this growth is going to continue in the coming quarters, 
also in the coming years. So, we are incurring capex at that level. So, I would 
not like to comment on closing debt or this. But I think we have seen the higher 
level of net debt to EBITDA at 2.55. This will keep improving. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Got it, sir. And sir, finally, sir, on this recently, Sunbeam has sold its aluminium 
piston asset to Shriram Pistons. Just want to understand, I mean, what kind of 
business was that, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
It was generating around INR30 crores revenue approximately with 2 
customers there, both on the 2-wheeler side in the NCR region, totally these 
customers. And historically, I think earlier it was a slightly higher number, but 
the products have migrated and moved during the Sunbeam's troubled period, 
they have not developed the new products. So it doesn't make any material 
change to have this INR30 crores revenue with the variety of products. And we 
are not a key market player also, Sunbeam there. 
 
 
So, we are simplifying the business model of Sunbeam to its core 
competencies overall on the strategies. In fact, not only that particular 
business, the number of customers also we have are on the exit mode. We 
have given 3 months, 6 months' notice for that. These customers, I think, 
numbering around 10 contribute to 5% of our revenue. So, this means that we'll 
become more and more efficient as we move on. 
 
 
Now as we speak, I think 97% or 95% of the revenue is coming from 4, 5 
customer groups, I would say, in total. So we want to focus on that, stabilize 
that and then add more customers, which are sizable value. Here after adding 
a customer on value, I think at threshold level, I think the initial orders itself, we 
are looking at $10 million, going all the way to $30 million, even for a smaller 
company like Sunbeam because of the new cost of, I would say, labor, the 
infrastructure, the capex. 
 
The equipment cost has gone more, and the demand from the customer also 
are quite high because of the new requirement of quality and things like that. 
Also, as we speak, the increased requirements for all sort of tax and other 
compliances, software, all these things are also going up. So, we cannot really 
add retail business. This is why we are rationalizing Sunbeam's business. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Vignesh SBK from Ksema Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Vignesh SBK: 
I just want to know, how do we see the revenues across the segments growing 
in the next couple of years? Do we see like industrial engineering like ramping 
up? What's your view on that? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. Industrial Engineering, I think high single digit or low double digit will be 
there. On Powertrain also, we see the similar number. Aluminium products will 
be in the high teens. 
 
Vignesh SBK: 
Okay, sir. And how do you see like from ICE to electric vehicle shift and the 
benefiting or the usage of aluminium products more towards the EV? Is that 
happening? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Can you please repeat the question? 
 
Vignesh SBK: 
The demand for the aluminium products, is it increasing as we slowly move to 
the EV side because of light weighting and something like that? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I would answer that in two different ways. First, I will answer it for ICE, which 
is applicable, and then we'll talk about hybrid ICE and then the EV. All the three 
segments will benefit from light weighting very clearly because it means lesser 
carbon footprint, lesser cost of the vehicle in engine size and better. 
 
Even the passenger car segment, you might have noticed slowly but surely 
that now 1.5 liter is becoming predominant, even though the 1.5 liter of the 
current passenger cars are pumping out more power than the 2 liters of the 
gasoline earlier. So, now earlier the 1.5 liter power was being used for 1.2 liter 
also. The engines have become more powerful and more smaller. So even in 
spite of all that, I think the engine capacity is moving in India from 1.2 to 1.5 
liter.  
 
So, this means that the other amenities or other features which the customers 
want, they will need some sort of engine power or a hybrid to supplement the 
activity. So, all this or the CAFE norms will drive them, drive the OEMs to have 
lesser emissions in total to meet the CAFE norms. So for that, light weighting 
is the best way.  
 
And yes, on EV, it becomes more predominant because the more lighter the 
vehicle, the same battery will give a higher range or the -- we can reduce the 
size of the battery to give the same range. That means the cost of the battery 
in relation -- decrease in cost of the battery in relation with the increased 
content of aluminium, it is quite similarly advantageous for the OEM to move 
towards aluminium.  
 
On the ICE and hybrid, the challenges are slightly different. The new platforms 
have to take the -- they have to bring out the new designs, which the Western 
world has already adopted in the last 10 years. And only then the aluminium 
content will increase. But as OEMs build new plants, it is only then possible for 
them to make this big change. 
 
 
Always they say platform. I mean, we have to develop a new platform because 
the existing platform will not meet the safety norms or will not meet the new 
requirements which have come up. So when they invest for a new platform, 
which is much more than the Powertrain investment, they build in features 
which can take in more aluminium, I would say. 
 
 
So, that is the time aluminium content will dramatically increase. We have got 
a long way to go for the increase of aluminium content in the passenger vehicle 
when compared to the Western world. So it is happening, but it's not happening 
at the pace what we want to happen. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Abhishek Jain from AlfAccurate 
Advisors Private Limited. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir, my next question is on debt side. So, what's your plan to reduce your debt? 
As you were earlier indicated that you will sell one of your land and you will 
start to reduce debt in FY '27. So, just wanted to understand how much debt 
reduction will happen in FY '27 onwards? And what is your target for the 
medium term? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See, we have already told anything debt below -- debt-to-EBITDA below 2 is 
comfortable, and we'd like to stabilize at 1.5 when we have gone through this 
big growth cycle. So as we speak, it is 2.5 in spite of the land not getting sold. 
Land has become very -- and very hot property, I would say, in that region. And 
while we're waiting for the best price, we are engaged with multinational 
companies who are in the business of selling this land.  
 
Various advertisements have come in. Offers have come in. So, we are 
evaluating these offers for the best possible price. We are carrying around 
INR350 crores worth value in the books, which was at the last year when we 
had done the evaluation. So, we are seeing what best we can do for 
shareholders. So, that will surely reduce the debt. But we are not in such a 
hurry that we have to sell the land at a lower price to reduce the debt. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
You mentioned that your debt-to-EBITDA reduction to be around 1.5 from the 
2.5 now. So, how much time it will take? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Sir, I think I need to be very honest. If we grow at 5%, it will take only 2 years 
to get to debt-to-EBITDA of 1:1. And another 2 years, we grow at 5%, the debt 
will be gone totally. There will be no new customers. So, we are balancing that 
act on the matter. So at a steady state at a lower growth at around 8%, 10%, I 
think we can have a debt-to-EBITDA anywhere between 1 to 1.5 totally.  
 
So, there will be -- today, we have grown the business from INR1,500 crores 
to INR7,000 crores. The very fact that India and our Asian neighbor, we have 
not kept paces. All our customers are disappointed that we don't have the 
capacity, nor infrastructure to handle those big orders totally.  
 
So for that, I think without building bridges, I think the infrastructure will not 
grow in the country, nor we invest for -- we cannot have the multi-national 
customers to place single orders of $50 million, $100 million with us unless we 
have the capability to deliver that. So with a smaller base, yes, it looks like as 
if the capex is high. But I think we are looking at even in the aluminium space, 
competitors who are having $8 billion only in aluminium revenue.  
 
And all the top 10 aluminium players are between $3 billion to $8 billion. And 
you know that the stated fact is we are less than $0.5 billion in aluminium 
revenue. So unless we scale up capacity, we cannot even bid for the orders. 
On one side, we want to broad base the customer. We want to export. We want 
to be one among the players who are capable of going to the next 10, 15 year 
cycle of this sort of not only growth phase, I would say, sustainability. So, I 
think we are doing capex to sustain the company for -- with getting new orders 
at the new technologies. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Got it, sir. Sir, in the Powertrain business, you are also adding capacity. So, 
just wanted to understand when it will be completed and how much incremental 
revenue would be generated on this capacity, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I hope we'll continue to invest for the Powertrain for the first next 5 to 10 years. 
And this was a stated fact that we bet on ICE rather than on EV. And now we 
see that it is paying off. So, there is a lot of consolidation happening within 
India as well as rest of the world in the number of supplier base because, again, 
of the technological change and the new demands on the emission norms, I 
would say. So, we are becoming -- getting more inquiries as we speak. So as 
long that demand keeps going, we'll continue to expand and invest in 
capacities. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
And what would be the near-term capacity additions in the Powertrain 
business? How much that would be? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think 10% capacity is -- 5% to 10% is what we are looking at in the next 12 
months starting from even this January, yes. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Nikhil Rao from iThought PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Nikhil Rao: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. So DR Axion's EBITDA margins are at 20% I 
think currently. So, just wanted to know if this is the peak or .. in the coming 
year? And how can we achieve this good growth? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See, we are putting up one more plant for DR Axion. We have done the 
disclosures in the stock exchange. You may be aware that we have received 
some orders. And it's quite significant this plant investments and capacities as 
we move on. So as we move on, when the new plant comes into operation, 
two quarters, we'll have a hit on the margins because there will be preoperative 
cost, which is there and suboptimum utilization of the plant. 
 
 
But as we move forward, again, it will normalize. And when that plant comes 
in at full operating capacity in the coming 3, 4 years, we will see that margin 
expansion will happen because the older projects come down. Again, margin 
expansion, I put a caveat here or I put a disclaimer here, which is a very strong 
disclaimer. Our margins are related to only gross margins compared -- on 
percentage of the gross margins or the -- after the material cost is removed 
from the top line. So otherwise, it is not an apple-to-apple. 
 
 
Today, aluminium is around INR230, INR240 or INR280 on the special alloys. 
No, no, sorry, on special alloys, it is more than INR280. Tomorrow it may be 
INR500. So if we calculate margins on that, it will be wrong. So, I would rather 
say it will come on operating leverage and how well we control our costs and 
how well we are controlling our -- I mean, the product mix and our strategies 
going forward. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Himanshu Singh from Baroda BNP 
Paribas Mutual Fund. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Himanshu Singh: 
Sir, so just wanted to understand what is our exposure by segment? Can you 
give any rough figure like CV, passenger vehicle, 2-wheelers? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Only in the Powertrain, you are talking about as a whole as a company. I think 
you're talking about as a whole as a company. As a consolidated revenue per 
se across all the subsidiaries also, passenger vehicle contributes to 34% 
revenue, 2-wheeler is 24%, commercial vehicle is 12%, storage is 9% and 
balance is -- tractor is around 4%, and all other products, I mean, off-highway 
is around 5%. Other Powertrain is 4%. So it is quite a long tail. 
 
Himanshu Singh: 
Okay. Sure, sir. And sir, next question is on the stand-alone aluminium 
performance. So, we have seen the revenues also coming down and margins 
on the EBIT level falling sharply, almost like 500 basis points. Any particular 
reason? How should we see this going ahead? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See, there are OEMs who shut shop for the annual maintenance and post the 
festive season, inventory correction, the product mix would have changed. 
Maybe our revenue would have been flat because of aluminium prices or 
because of new products we have brought into line, which are suboptimum 
and the existing product lines will not be utilized properly in December because 
customers will not invert material in the last two weeks of the month because 
the year of manufacture and a lot of other things which are there.  
 
We also have increased our capacities quite significantly, and we carried those 
costs in December, which it is below optimum level for December usage. So, 
this will continue. As we ramp up, it will not be a stable level. There will be 
fluctuations from one quarter depending on festive season, depending on how 
the customer performs, how that particular product segment is contributing. So, 
we will have that. But as on an annual basis, I don't see any big change. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan Ravi for his closing 
comments. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you very much for joining. And what I wish to tell our shareholders and 
investors, I would say thank you for staying with us during this large change, 
what we have brought about the company from a stand-alone to with the 
subsidiaries and things like that. We have more interesting things to do in the 
-- to make the company more strategically aligned in line with the global 
requirements. So, we are working on that. And thank you for your support. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Craftsman Automation Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes) 
