Indian Energy Exchange Ltd
Registered Office: C/o Avanta Business Centre, First Floor, Unit No. 1.14(a), D2, Southern Park, District Centre, Saket, New Delhi–110017, India
Corporate Office: 9th Floor, Max Towers, Sector 16B, Noida, Uttar Pradesh–201301 , India
Tel: +91-011-3044 6511 | Tel: +91-120-4648 100 | Fax No.: +91-120-4648 115
CIN: L74999DL2007PLC277039 | Website: www.iexindia.com
Dated: February 05, 2026
The Manager
The Manager
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Corporate Relationship Department
Listing Department
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1
Dalal Street
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai- 400001
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051
Scrip Code: 540750
Symbol: IEX
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call with analysts and investors held on
January 30, 2026.
Dear Sir / Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, please find the attached transcript of the earnings conference call held
with analysts and investors on January 30, 2026, to discuss the financial results of the
Company for the quarter ended December 31, 2025.
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company:
www.iexindia.com
You are requested to take the above information on record.
Thanking You.
Yours faithfully,
For Indian Energy Exchange Limited
Vineet Harlalka
CFO, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. ACS-16264
Encl: as above
VINEET 
HARLALKA
Digitally signed by VINEET 
HARLALKA 
Date: 2026.02.05 15:03:58 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Results Conference Call” 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATYANARAYAN GOEL – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR –INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE 
LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT BAJAJ – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR –
INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE LIMITED 
MR. VINEET HARLALKA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER-
-INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE LIMITED 
MR. AMIT KUMAR – HEAD MARKET OPERATIONS 
NEW PRODUCT INITIATIVES AND EXCHANGE 
TECHNOLOGY –INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE LIMITED 
MS. APARNA GARG – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
AND CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS –INDIAN ENERGY 
EXCHANGE LIMITED 
MR. ADITYA WALI -- INVESTOR RELATIONS –INDIAN 
ENERGY EXCHANGE LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ROHAN GHEEWALA – AXIS CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Indian Energy Exchange Q3 FY '26 Results 
Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Rohan Gheewala from Axis Capital Limited. Thank you. And 
over to you, sir. 
Rohan Gheewala: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Axis Capital, I'm pleased to 
welcome you all to the IEX Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us the 
management team of IEX, which is represented by Mr. Rohit Bajaj, Joint Managing Director; 
Mr. S.N. Goel, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Vineet Harlalka, Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. Amit Kumar, Head of Market Operations, New Product Initiatives and Exchange 
Technology; and Ms. Aparna Garg, Head, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. 
 
We will begin with the opening remarks from Mr. Rohit Bajaj, followed by an interactive Q&A 
session. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
Good evening, friends. A very happy New Year to all of you, and a warm welcome to the IEX 
earnings call for Q3 FY '26. With me today on this call are Shri. Satyanarayan Goel, CMD, IEX; 
Mr. Vineet Harlalka, CFO and Company Secretary; Mr. Amit Kumar, Head of Market 
Operations and Exchange Technology; Ms. Aparna Garg, Head of Investor Relations and 
Corporate Communications; and Mr. Aditya Wali. 
 
India continues to be the fastest-growing major economy in the world, posting a strong GDP 
growth of 8.2% in the second quarter of FY 2026. In the backdrop of continued global 
uncertainty, the International Monetary Fund, IMF, has recently revised India's GDP growth 
estimate for FY '26 to 7.3% from its earlier forecast of 6.6%. 
 
This growth path has been driven by a robust domestic demand, heightened investment activity 
and steady performance across industry, services, agriculture and construction. Policy reforms 
such as rationalization of GST rates, new labour laws and the recently concluded India EU free 
trade agreement have also finally firmly positioned India on a long-term trajectory towards 
becoming the world's third largest economy by 2030. 
 
On the power sector front, electricity demand picked up during December, with an increase of 
6.6% on a year-on-year basis. However, prolonged monsoon in 2025 led to a lower electricity 
requirement across the country. Consequently, electricity demand during Q3 FY '26 remained 
flat at 392 billion units. 
 
For nine months FY '26, demand also remained subdued at 1,286 billion units, similar to the 
corresponding period of FY '25. Going into January, demand has increased to 6% compared with 
a year ago. During the first nine months of FY '26, an additional 44.7 gigawatts of installed 
capacity across thermal and renewable sources was added, taking total installed capacity to over 
500 gigawatts. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
Renewable energy accounted for more than 50% of the total installed capacity. Notably, India 
achieved the milestone of sourcing 50% of its cumulative installed electric power capacity from 
renewable sources, five years ahead of the 2030 target. 
 
On the fuel side, ample fuel has been available at competitive prices. India's coal production 
reached 272 million tons in Q3 FY '26, similar to 273 million tons produced in Q3 FY '25. At 
nearly 722 million tons, production in the first nine months of FY '26 has also remained similar 
compared with the same period in FY '25. 
 
Coal inventory as of January 17, stood at 25 days, but the quarter imported coal price for 4,200 
GAR coal declined to nearly $47 per ton, a decline of 10% compared with the same quarter last 
fiscal. Overall, the fuel situation for the sector has remained comfortable. 
 
Let us now talk about a few important regulatory updates and policy initiatives.  
The government has released Draft National Electricity Policy 2026, aimed at aligning the power 
sector with Viksit Bharat goals over the next two decades. Draft prioritizes cost-reflective tariff 
reforms, a phased reduction in cross subsidies and time-of-day peak hour pricing to improve 
efficiency and strengthen DISCOM finances. 
 
It sets ambitious consumption targets for per capita electricity used rising from 2,000 units by 
2030 and over 4,000 units by 2047 and calls for stronger generation, transmission and 
distribution planning. Key strategies span resource adequacy planning, cost-reflective tariffs 
with ATC loss reduction to single digits, RE expansion with storage, thermal hydro nuclear 
enhancements, etcetera. 
 
For deepening power markets, suitable policy and regulatory framework shall be established for 
generation capacity addition through market mechanisms such as bilateral contract settlements. 
Standardized contracts for collective transaction will be executed on power exchanges. 
Electricity from long-term PPAs may be encouraged to be routed through power exchanges or 
any other platform recognized by the Central Commission. 
 
Recently, key amendments were proposed to the Draft Electricity Amendment Bill 2025, 
wherein state electricity regulatory commissions have been specifically empowered to determine 
tariffs, suo-moto to ensure timely cost recovery and avoid delays. Cross subsidies are to be 
progressively eliminated within 5 years for sectors such as manufacturing, railways and metro 
operations. 
 
In a push for C&I and open access consumers, DISCOM may be exempted from their obligation 
of supplying to C&I users with more than 1 megawatt load. Also, DISCOMS would provide 
non-discriminatory open access to multiple distribution licenses on payment of wheeling 
charges. These proposals should open up DISCOM resources for supply, avoid tying up 
standard power and enhance competitiveness of the C&I segment.  
Draft provides renewable purchase obligation, RPO, not be less than central RPO trajectory and 
proposes a specific penalty of INR0.35 to INR0.45 per unit for RPO non-fulfilment.  

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
CERC issued final guidelines for virtual power purchase agreements, VPPAs in December. 
These guidelines recognize power exchanges as authorized platforms for sale of electricity by 
RE generators under VPP arrangements. Renewable generators entering VPPAs would be 
selling the electricity component in the collective segment on power exchanges. This should 
help increase volume on exchanges. 
 
In reference to the carbon market, final notification regarding greenhouse emission intensity 
(GEI) targets have been published by the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change 
for obligated entities across 7 sectors such as aluminium, chlor-alkali, cement, pulp and paper, 
petrochemicals, petroleum and textiles. Final notifications are awaited for the iron and steel 
sector. 
 
The baseline emission of these 7 sectors with base year FY '24 is 480 million tons equivalent, 
with targeted reduction to 465.32 million tons equivalent by FY '27. These sectors cover around 
16% of India's GHG emissions. This development has laid the foundation of trading of carbon 
credit certificates on power exchanges. 
 
The MoP had earlier issued the final notification on renewable consumption obligation, RCOs. 
The notification defined RCO fulfilment method to also include RECs acquired under VPPAs, 
among others and also provided for fungibility of obligation under wind, hydro and other 
components. 
 
We have sought CERC approval to align our green contracts with the revised RCO components. 
The order in the matter is reserved. Once aligned, these contracts will provide due clarity to 
market participants for RE sale procurement, which has the potential to increase RE participation 
going forward.  
CERC issued an order on implementing market coupling on 23rd July, in which the regulator 
decided to initiate the process of implementation of market coupling of Day Ahead Market. 
According to the order, this was to be done by January 2026. IEX has filed an appeal in Appellate 
Tribunal for Electricity, APTEL, and today, the hearing has concluded. We expect the final order 
to be released shortly.  
Moving on to performance. In Q3 FY '26, IEX recorded electricity trading volume of 34.1 billion 
units, a year-on-year growth of nearly 12%. For the first nine months of FY '26, electricity 
volume touched nearly 102 billion units, higher by 14.3% on a year-on-year basis. 
 
Revenue for the company grew by 14% year-on-year, increasing from  Rs. 160.5 crores in Q3 
to  Rs. 183.1 crores in Q3 FY '26. Profit after tax increased by 11%, rising from Rs. 107.3 crores 
in Q3 FY '25 to Rs. 119.1 crores in Q3 FY '26. For the first nine months of FY '26, profit after 
tax was higher by 16.4% from Rs. 312.1 crores in nine months FY '25 to Rs. 363.1 crores. 
 
The Board of Directors have announced an interim dividend of Rs. 1.5 equivalent to 150% of 
face value of the equity share.  
In Q3 FY '26, nearly 18.6 lakh renewable energy certificates were traded, lower than nearly 27 
lakh certificates traded over the same quarter in FY '25. During the nine months till December, 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
over 115 lakh RECs were traded, higher by 4% over the same period last fiscal. The RTM 
segment continues its strong growth, maintaining 40% share in the electricity volume at IEX. 
For Q3 FY '26, RTM volume at nearly 13 billion units were higher by 36% on a year-on-year 
basis. In the first nine months, RTM volumes have grown 38.6% on a year-on-year basis to reach 
40.5 billion units. This segment has been playing a critical role by offering flexibility in power 
procurement, providing immediate responsiveness to efficiently integrate renewable with the 
grid. 
 
Green market volume in Q3 FY '26 rose 7.2% on a year-on-year basis to nearly 3 billion units 
compared with Q3 FY '25. In the first nine months of FY '26, the segment traded over 8 billion 
units to be higher by 23% over the same period in FY '25. The green market helps obligated 
entities, including distribution companies, meet their renewable purchase obligations. 
 
With capacity addition, increase in solar, hydro, wind and sustained supply from coal-based 
generation, supply liquidity on power exchanges improved and led to substantial drop in prices. 
In Q3 FY '26, sell bids in Day-Ahead Market of IEX increased 44% on a year-on-year basis. As 
a result, the average Day-Ahead Market price was Rs. 3.22 per unit, down 13.2% YoY, while 
price in the Real-Time Market averaged  Rs. 3.56 per unit, a 16% YoY drop. Even on a 9-month 
basis, sell liquidity in the Day-Ahead Market in FY '26 has been higher by 43% compared with 
FY '25. The average DAM price, during this period at  Rs. 3.85 per unit has been lower by 14% 
compared with the same period in FY '25. Similarly, the average price at  Rs. 3.56 per unit in 
RTM segment over nine months since April has been lower by 16% on a year-on-year basis. 
These prices presented an opportunity for Discoms and Commercial & Industrial consumers to 
meet their demand at competitive prices and to replace their costlier power by procuring through 
exchanges. 
 
On the product front, we continue to await approval from the CERC on our petition to extend 
the Term Ahead Market contracts to 11 months. With regards to our Green RTM petition, CERC 
has reserved its order. As mentioned previously, to facilitate merchant storage capacity in the 
country, we have filed a petition with the CERC for introduction of peak Day-Ahead Market 
and peak Real-Time Market segments. 
 
This segment would facilitate trading of power during high-demand hours such as late evening 
and early mornings. Stakeholder consultation on the same has been completed and the matter 
awaits further proceedings. 
 
Moving on to IGX performance. December 2025 marked five years of operations for the Indian 
Gas Exchange, IGX. IGX currently represent close to 3% of India's overall gas consumption and 
20% of the spot market. Over the years, IGX has steadily expanded its market footprint, 
increasing the delivery points available from 4 in FY '22 to 23 today, covering both domestic as 
well as R-LNG. The product portfolio at IGX has also grown over the last 5 years, up from 6 
contract types available initially to 10 contract types currently available. 
 
For Q3 FY '26, IGX traded gas volumes of 17.5 million MMBtu, an increase of 8% over Q3 FY 
'25, led by volumes from domestic gas producers, heightened power demand and demand from 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
city gas distribution. For the nine months period April to December in FY '26, IGX traded gas 
volume of 58.2 million MMBtu, a growth of 46% on a year-on-year basis. 
 
IGX recorded a profit after tax of  Rs. 8.8 crores in Q3 FY '26, which was higher by 6% compared 
with  Rs. 8.3 crores in Q3 FY '25. For the nine months till December, IGX recorded a profit after 
tax of  Rs. 32.5 crores, higher by 47.9% compared with  Rs. 22 crores in the same period in FY 
'25. As gas price continue their downtrend and the policy initiative remains positive in the sector, 
volumes at IGX would continue to be robust.  
Even as weather-related events softened power demand this year, CEA projection of 
consumption nearing 2,500 BU by 2032 would continue to drive exchange volume in the coming 
years. To meet this surging demand, nearly 4 to 5 gigawatts of capacity is being added in the 
country on a monthly basis. 
 
The power sector also continues to evolve with the emergence of market mechanisms such as 
battery storage arbitrage, firm and dispatchable renewable energy (FDRE); virtual power 
purchase agreement (VPPA); and electricity derivatives and Battery Energy Storage Solutions, 
(BESS). Already 13,200 MWH of BESS projects have been awarded under the first tranche and 
tenders for nearly a third of 30,000-megawatt projects in the second tranche under VGF have 
also been awarded. The reduction in this battery storage costs has further accelerated BESS 
adoption.  As recently as November 2025, AP Transco discovered  Rs. 1.48 lakh per megawatt 
per month for 2,000 megawatt 2-hour, 2 cycle tender under the VGF mechanism. This is the 
lowest price discovered for BESS under the VGF mechanism. In a big positive start for BESS 
in the country earlier this month, we witnessed the first merchant BESS trades at IEX from 
Juniper Green Energy Limited, the largest operating BESS asset till date in the country. These 
developments are set to play a pivotal role in deepening BESS and power markets and facilitate 
a successful energy transition.  
Our diversification initiatives are also gradually gathering momentum. 
 
For Q3 FY '26, the International Carbon Exchange, ICX, issued 51 lakh I-RECs, higher by 219% 
compared with Q3 FY '25. For the first nine months of FY '26, cumulative 133 lakh I-RECs 
were issued, surpassing 59 lakh I-RECs issued in FY '25. Revenue for ICX in Q3 FY '26 stood 
at Rs. 1.8 crores and Rs. 5.5 crores for the first nine-month period, respectively. 
 
With regards to the Coal Exchange, Ministry of Coal has appointed Coal Controller Organization 
as the regulator for the coal exchange. MoC has also come out with the revised draft rules for 
the exchange and invited public comments, which were open until January 19. IEX has been 
working with stakeholders to explore setting up the first coal exchange in India. 
 
  
As India advances towards its net zero goal, energy exchanges are expected to play an 
increasingly significant role in shaping the nation's energy ecosystem. 
 
Thank you. And now we can have question and answers. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much! We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ketan Jain from Avendus. 
Ketan: 
This is Ketan from Avendus. Sir, I had a question on the hearing. When would be the expected 
announcement date of the verdict? I understand we have to submit our written submissions by 
4th Feb. When can we expect a verdict date? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Can't say, but it should happen within a month's time. 
Ketan: 
Okay. Within a month. Okay. So, just a follow-up on this. So, in a scenario where things don't 
go in favour of us, what is the next possible situation or next possible thing we are planning to 
do? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
First of all, why are you saying that if things don't go in our favour? Things will definitely go in 
our favour. In any case, even if they have to go with the coupling, lot of things have to be done 
yet. I mean, if you are following up on the hearings, they have to issue the draft regulations, 
invite comments on that and give statement of reason for that, why they want to do coupling. 
Everybody will have opportunity to comment on that. 
 
Then they will have to issue final regulations, procedure to be finalized. I think a lot of work is 
to be done. So, we will have an opportunity to express our views at each and every stage. And 
let's see. 
Ketan: 
I just want to understand how long it can get drawn down for. I will get back in the queue, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Sumit Kishore: 
My first question is in relation to the volume growth that we saw for electricity volumes on IEX 
in the month of December when power demand growth improved, your volume growth was 
about slightly under 3%. And so, I understand the merchant price sort of firm up as the demand 
increases on the grid. 
 
But even in January, the demand is not as good as December in terms of growth. But so how is 
the -- is the slowdown likely to remain? Let us say, if India's power demand grows 5%, 6% 
instead of 0% to 1% like it has been last few months, how would your power demand grow? 
How would your volumes be impacted in the electricity segment? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See, in Calendar Year '25, the demand in the country was subdued mainly because of the weather 
reason. We had more than above monsoon. So, because of the good monsoon, the agricultural 
load crashed and also because of the good weather, the air conditioning load was also low. So 
overall, the demand did not increase because of that. But otherwise, if you looked at the industrial 
production, there is definitely -- there is an increase in that. 
 
And since the demand growth was not there, but the availability of power was there, we have 
enough capacity. We had enough coal to generate power. The rate in the Day Ahead Market was 
lower than what it used to be. And because of the low rate, it provided opportunity to the 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
distribution companies for optimizing their power procurement cost. So, as a result of that, even 
though there was no demand increase in the country, we saw reasonably good volume growth. I 
think it was almost about 14%, 15% kind of volume growth in the first nine months. And January 
month is also going strong with a volume growth of almost about 18%, 19%. 
Sumit Kishore: 
So, January is 18%, 19%. Okay. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes. 
Sumit Kishore: 
So, I mean, is there any correlation that if power demand actually firms up, like December 
volume growth was 3%. So, I was just wondering whether -- is there anything to read there? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
You cannot make any correlation on month-to-month basis. Yes, we have seen that on a yearly 
basis, if the demand increases, definitely, it leads to increase in the volume. But this year, when 
the demand did not increase, then also there was a volume increase because of optimization 
opportunity (which presented itself) because of the low prices. So, I think exchange provides 
both ways. One can purchase power to meet the demand and also when the demand is less, they 
can optimize the power under the PPA. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Yes, Sir. very clear. The second question is on the REC volume. In the nine -month period, 
you've seen that REC volume growth has been in low single digits. So, what is -- and we are 
hearing so much on RPO obligations and everything. So how -- I mean, why is the slowdown 
and what is the outlook? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See, REC volume in the first 6 months are reasonably good. But subsequently, what happened 
was -- one is that the compliance, which was to be done by 30th September, that time- line has 
been extended up to 31st of March. So, some of the buyers now they have shifted their buying to 
the month of February, March. 
 
Second is CERC also came out with a discussion paper on REC and wherein they have specified 
that in case somebody is not able to meet the RPO obligation, he can deposit amount with the 
Government, which is equivalent to 1.05% of the average price of REC in the preceding year. 
 
So, with this kind of provision, many are thinking that maybe let’s see, maybe can even meet 
the RPO obligation by just depositing the money with the Government. So, because of this, the 
REC purchase is slightly low. But in any case, I think by the end of the year, we will be able to 
still do better than what we did last year. 
Sumit Kishore: 
This sounds like a very regressive step, right? And if you are able to deposit money and not... 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes. We have made our submissions with the honourable commission that in case of REC, REC 
is based on the generation of green power. But in case of depositing money, it is not promoting 
renewable energy. So, we should continue with the existing process. We have made our 
suggestions and let's see what is the outcome of that. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sir, just last one question. Typically, if I divide the stand-alone revenue of the company by the 
total gross volume, the ratio comes to less than four paisa. But this time, it is coming at less than 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
4 paisa. So typically, there is some discount that is there, which shows up in numbers because 
REC, I remember the pricing is lower and also you have some discount in TAM. But this time, 
it is not showing up. I mean, is there anything I'm missing? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
No, in case of REC, the transaction fee is reduced to Rs. 20, in fact, for part of the year. This 
year for the full year, it is Rs. 20. And even out of that, also looking at the market conditions, 
we have to give incentives to the buyers and sellers, some amount of incentive. But otherwise, 
in case of electricity, I think it is around four paisa. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Yes. But if you divide the revenue for December quarter standalone, Rs. 1,439 million by the 
volume, the ratio is coming to 4 paisa. It is typically less than that. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Revenue also includes annual fees by the members. 
Sumit Kishore: 
In the past few quarters, it was always been less than four paisa. So, I was wondering if there is 
something else this time. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Maybe there is a variation in the yearly fees. 
Vineet Harlalka: 
Even in the TAM trade volume, sometimes the delivery is related to the revenue recognition, it 
happens. So that also impacts slightly with many times realization of the trade volume. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Thank you for the opportunity Sir. First question again on the market coupling case. If you could 
help us understand, does the case now boils down to whether the process was followed while 
the implementation of market coupling rather than the market coupling regulation itself? What 
are we kind of doing in the APTEL? Is it the process that we are challenging or just the whole 
regulation? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
What we had challenged in the APTEL was that this order should be set aside because the order 
has not followed the due process of order making. The transparency was not ensured, and there 
was no merit in implementing market coupling. But during the discussions, it also emerged that 
CERC has mentioned that they will be doing this market coupling only after making the 
regulations. 
 
And during the regulation-making process, everybody will have the opportunity of making the 
submissions. So, the complete transparency will be maintained during that process. So, this order 
is basically to initiate the process of regulation making. So, let us see what is the final outcome 
of this. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
There was one round of public comments that were invited on market coupling. So, you're saying 
for the regulation, again, CERC is required to do that. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
No that was the staff paper. That was on the staff paper that what are views on the staff paper. 
But when you make regulations, you issue draft regulations, which indicates the intent of the 
Commission and why that intent is and on that, they invite the comments. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right. And there was some news article mentioning... 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Out of the Commission, staff paper is invariably, is something like a discussion paper initiated 
by the Staff of the Commission. But draft regulations are by the Commission. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Understood. And so most likely post the APTEL, there is a possibility that CERC will start the 
process of the market coupling regulation. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Let us see. I mean, I can't say anything on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhir Pandit from Old Bridge Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. Please unmute your line and go ahead. Due to no response, we will move to 
the next participant Pranav Jain from Ageless Capital and Finance. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Jain: 
I just had a couple of questions. So, the first one being, in your opening remarks, you said that 
electricity from long-term PPAs might be routed through the exchanges, if I heard correctly. Can 
you explain me more on that? How will that work? How will the tariffs work on that? Will it be 
the same process? Just a little idea on that. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
Okay. Yes. So, this was point related to deepening of power market where, as per the National 
Electricity Policy Draft, suitable policy and regulatory framework shall be established for 
generation capacity addition through mechanisms such as bilateral contract settlements. So, they 
are relating it to Contract for Difference model where the exchanges are used to dispatch that 
power and whatever realization is there from exchange, that will be kept by developer and 
whatever is the missing money as compared to the strike price, which is discussed, that is settled 
outside the market through bilateral contract settlement. So, that's the intent of this thing. 
 
And this is similar to what is being done globally across Europe and other places and India also, 
this has been discussed for a long time. And in fact, the VPPA guidelines, which has come in 
the month of December, very recently, this is also very similar to it. It is also on the basis of 
bilateral contract settlement. 
Pranav Jain: 
Got it, sir. Understood. And sir, just another question on -- just to understand, sir, even if 
coupling comes in DAM, I just want to understand how -- because now also it will take time for 
it to get implemented in the Day-Ahead Market at first. How much longer will it take if that 
happens -- for that to happen in the RTM market as well? Because my understanding is it is very 
complicated but just wanted to get your idea on it. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
So first of all, for implementing in the DAM market itself, a lot of work is to be done. As I told 
you that there are going to be draft regulations, public hearing, final regulation. process to be 
finalized and a lot of things will be done. And after that, Commission has already in the order 
mentioned that they will look at the experience of this and thereafter decide whether they want 
to go for the RTM or not. Because in case of RTM, the complications are more. You have to do 
it 48 times in a day and the timelines available for execution of market is very short. And in case 
of coupling even whether the timelines is available, within that, whether the coupling will be 
possible or not. I think they will study all these things and then decide about that. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Pranav Jain: 
Got it, sir. And sir, just lastly, sir, there was this news article that mentioned that the tariffs like 
the exchange fees might be cut from four paise to whatever half of it on each side. What is your 
idea on that? Do you see that happening? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
I haven't heard any such thing. I mean, there are many news items, so I don't really pay any much 
attention to that. But as far as the Commission is concerned, we haven't heard anything like that 
from the Commission. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhir Pandit from Old Bridge Mutual Fund. 
Abhir Pandit: 
Sir, my query is first related to market coupling. Sir, assuming if market coupling happens and 
if the round robin fashion is adapted, is it necessary that the volumes will flow to a particular 
exchange for a particular period of time? Or will it be open for all the exchanges at that period? 
How will it be? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
It will be open to all the three exchanges on everyday basis. Buyers and sellers can submit their 
bid in any of the exchange. Only thing is that the bid of all three exchanges will be aggregated 
at one place for the purpose of price discovery. 
Abhir Pandit: 
Okay. So basically, price discovery moves to GRID India from the exchange currently. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
No, no. Price discovery will be done on the round robin basis. Maybe for one month, one 
exchange will do. For next month, another exchange will do. For next third month, another 
exchange will do. And we'll keep on rotating between the exchanges on round robin method. 
Abhir Pandit: 
Okay. Fine. Sir, my second question is in terms of new products that was shared at the start of 
the call, right, I mean, which has come based on the recent government paper. Sir, how do you 
see IEX ability to introduce those products and the acceptance or reception of those products by 
customers and the timeline for the launch of these products? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See, when we file petition with the Honourable Commission, before that, we do the market 
survey. We interact with the customers and based on the requirement of the market, we file 
petition for introduction of the contracts. And in fact, when we do public consultation also, in 
that also, we have received good response from the market for introduction of these products, 
which we have filed with the Honourable Commission. The Commission has done the hearing. 
So, let us see this order is reserved in one or two cases. 
Abhir Pandit: 
Okay. Sir, just one final. For these products, Sir, what would be the total market size or TAM as 
such in a sense? How big will it be possibly? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See, for long-duration contract, the market size can be another 15 billion, 20 billion units. 
Abhir Pandit: 
15 billion, 20 billion units. Okay. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
And Green RTM is something, because there’s a lot of renewable capacity addition that is 
happening in the country now and renewable capacity has large variations. So, on Real-Time 
basis, they will be able to make good those variations to the Real-Time Green Market. Today, 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
they don't have any such product. So, as the renewable capacity addition increases, the 
transactions to the Green RTM volume will keep on increasing. 
 
And third product is basically Peaking Power. If today, we have a shortage of power for maybe 
2 hours, 3 hours in a day during the peak hour time and generation capacities like battery storage 
or the pump storage or the gas-based plants where the cost of generation is slightly higher, maybe 
they can participate in this market and if in this market, the cap price is made slightly more, it 
will incentivize this kind of capacity additions in the market and help in meeting demand during 
peak time. So, that is the intent of the peaking power tariff. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh, an individual investor. 
S. Ramesh: 
So, in terms of your gas exchange and the carbon exchange, how would the growth in these two 
markets pan out, say, in the next 1 or 2 years compared to the growth in the power exchange? 
And how would that impact your growth in revenue and profitability? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See, in case of power exchange IEX, it is operating from the last 17 and a half years. So, it has 
attained that kind of a maturity. So, growth is going to be in the range of 15% to 20%, which we 
have been achieving over the years. But in case of gas exchange, it's at the nascent stage. And 
this year, in the first nine months, the volume increase is almost about 47%, 48%. And the trend 
in the market is that the gas prices are going to be reduced in the next 1 or 2 years. If that happens, 
there will be a good traction in the market and we expect that the gas volumes will definitely 
continue to grow at a rate of maybe 25%, 30% over the next 4, 5 years. 
S. Ramesh: 
And what about the carbon exchange? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Carbon exchange, in fact you know, earlier, we had the idea of starting a voluntary carbon 
market. But Government of India under the CCTS scheme, they have decided to launch this 
Mandatory and Voluntary carbon market under the regulatory framework. So, they are making 
their regulations for that. And hopefully, that market will start sometime in FY '27 or '28.  And 
as and when that market starts, CERC will be the regulator for that market. So, it's very difficult 
to say at this stage what is going to be the opportunity in that. When the transaction starts and 
looking at the market participation, we will work out that. 
S. Ramesh: 
Yes. And request for your final couple of thoughts. Also on the gas exchange, as we see growth, 
would you also see higher margins in the gas products compared to the power products? And 
secondly, what is the timeline? How are you progressing on the proposed IPO for the gas 
exchange? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See, in case of power or gas exchange, the margins are fixed. So, our revenue is based on the 
volume we do. As I told you that in case of gas exchange, we expect a significantly higher 
volume growth of 25%, 30% in the coming years. So, I'm sure there, the numbers will be much 
better. As far as IPO is concerned, basically, as per the regulations, our holding in the gas 
exchange is 47.5% and we have to bring it out to 25% as per regulations. So, we have requested 
IGX to proceed with the IPO for this. So, they have initiated action. Let's see. Maybe by, we 
plan to do it in this year. So, it all depends on the different activities to be done and the clearances 
when we get from SEBI. It all depends on that. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vijay from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vijay: 
Yes. So, there was this concept of whether coupling RTM and SCED markets would be feasible 
and if it's economically good, where is that right now, Sir? Or is it like only now regulations on 
market coupling is the priority after that DAM coupling will happen and only after that, all these 
things on RTM and SCED, all these things will happen? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
As far as RTM and SCED is concerned, I think CERC in their order has already mentioned that 
this will involve redesigning of a lot of regulations and processes and other things. So, they will 
look at this at a later stage. They have not made any mind on that. So, at the moment, they are 
talking about the Day-Ahead Market. And based on the experience of Day-Ahead Market, they 
will think about RTM. They will take a view about RTM. 
Vijay: 
Okay. And from what I understand this, after regulation, public hearing, final regulations on 
market coupling… Correct, sir? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes, yes. Your voice is breaking. 
Vijay: 
Sorry. I was just taking how long according to you... 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Can't say. It's a regulatory process, and we really cannot say how much time it will take. Your 
voice is cracking, Sir. There is some disturbance in the line. I'm not able to hear you. 
Vijay: 
Is it better? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes, it is better now. 
Vijay: 
No, so I was just... 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
No, no, no. I think... 
Moderator: 
Vijay, can you please work on your audio. Vijay, please come back in the question queue. The 
next question is from the line of Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway Investments. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Just one book-keeping question. What is the Cash and Cash equivalent as of 31st of December? 
Vineet Harlalka:                   We have a total cash of around INR1,500 crores as on 31st of December. And out of that, the 
shareholder fund is around INR1,200 crores. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. And secondly, just wanted some idea of how this Virtual Power Purchase Agreements are 
expected to increase demand for IEX? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See, under the Virtual Power Purchase Agreement, a buyer will do the agreement with the 
generating company for generation of green electricity. That electricity will be sold on the 
exchanges. And green attribute will be taken by the company, which is getting into this Virtual 
PPA. So, definitely it will increase sell volume on the exchanges. And it will definitely have a 
positive impact on the volume cleared also. But it all depends on the quantum of virtual PPAs, 
which happen in the market and the interest of the market in getting into these transactions. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. And secondly, the total un-requisitioned power that is available for transaction on the 
exchanges, that is currently at 7%, isn't it? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Currently at? 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
7%. How much is it? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes, it is almost about 9% to 10% now. Earlier NTPC was participating. Now, we find that many 
other generators are also participating in this market. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. And lastly, from your vantage point, when I see the GDP growth at 7.4%, 7.5% and you 
have the IIP growth also coming up, but the power demand is not catching up. Is there some 
dichotomy there? What do you see? Why is it happening? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
As I told at the beginning of this conference also that this year (2025) we had a very good 
monsoon, more than above monsoon. And because of good monsoon, the agricultural demand 
had crashed. In fact, even air conditioning load was also very low. As a result of that, the demand 
increase was not there. But this year (2026), if the weather is normal, definitely, the demand 
increase is going to be not less than 5%, 6%. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. So out of this, the industrial demand continues to increase, but you're saying the 
agriculture and the household demand has gone down. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes, yes, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. 
Sumit Kishore: 
One question is, will the depth and the liquidity of electricity exchanges -- we are constrained 
on the extent of VPPAs that can be introduced as they are structured as Contracts for Differences. 
So, at the current moment, how much VPPA can you actually introduce given the volumes 
exchanges handled? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
I think as of now -- Rohit, maybe you can give some figure on that. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
See, your point is related to how much buy is there. Let's say, if we start to execute more and 
more VPPAs, then all the surplus generation will come to market as a sell. So, what I understand 
is you want to ask how much buy is there and how much this sell can be absorbed in the market, 
right? So, let's take the worst case, which is solar, during the daytime and VPPA doesn't mean 
only solar. It could be hybrid. It could be wind. It could be BESS. It could be anything. So even 
if we take example of solar, on an average, during the daytime, there is 6,000, 7,000, 8,000 
megawatt of demand is always there. I'm talking about average.  There are extreme days where 
it is high. There are days where it is low. So, if we go by that logic, and VPPAs since they already 
have an agreement, that already a PPA is there, so they would be price takers, which means they 
would be putting the lowest price in their bids. That is the price point that they are placing for 
their sell. So, by that logic, if I collate both RTM as well as DAM, there is liquidity available to 
the extent of 10,000 megawatt. To that extent, there should not be any problem.  And today, this 
number stands much, much less than 1,000 Megawatts. If I talk about how many VPPAs are 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
there today and who are coming to exchange, this number is much less than 1,000 Megawatt, 
which means there is a large window available for them to come to this market and that will get 
absorbed. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Rohit, what we also see is that during the daytime, the sell availability is a lot higher than the 
buy. So, the prices are depressed. So, if you are just going to increase more liquidity on the 
exchange in terms of sellers, it will just crash the price, right? 
Rohit Bajaj: 
No. See, what is happening here is during the daytime, because many of these thermal power 
plants are also backed down, they are also participating on exchange. And there is very good 
quantum of URS power also coming in the market. Now, all this power is coming at a price 
point. None of these thermal generators are quoting less than Rupees 2.5 or Rupees 3.0, right? 
They're not going below that because that is their variable cost, the coal cost. Now if, let's say, 
1,000, 2,000, 3,000 megawatts of additional VPPA power will come, it will bring down the 
price, no doubt about it. But how much that would be, that is to be seen. So, it's not that it will 
crash it left, right, center and price would come down to 0 or less than one rupee level. That will 
not happen. But yes, if there is more supply, then it will bring down the prices. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
In fact, in the Day-Ahead Market, it is more of conventional power, which is coming. But if you 
look at our G-DAM market. In the G-DAM market, we have large buy volumes. There is an 
interest from the buyers, but the quantum available in the G-DAM market is comparatively much 
lower. So, when VPPAs come, of course, they will come in the conventional market, but if green 
power comes to the market, yes, that will help us. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Just one last data question. In the nine -month period, what was IEX market share in REC and 
the TAM segments? 
Rohit Bajaj: 
So, electricity overall, we are around 83% in first nine months. And REC is about 50%. I do not 
have exact number for REC available right away, but electricity is 83% for sure. REC about 
close to 50%. 
Sumit Kishore: 
So, TAM is what, 50%? 
Rohit Bajaj: 
TAM, it varies between 45%, 50%. You have that? So, TAM is generally below 50%, but overall 
electricity is 83%. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Got it. We can reverse calculate also. Assume 99% for RTM and DAM and rest we can. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
83% number will help you arriving at the final. 
Moderator: 
We take that as the last question. And now I hand the conference over to the management for 
the closing comments. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
Thank you, friends. I would like to thank each one of you for being part of today's call. 
Throughout the third quarter, we witnessed efforts from the Government and regulators to 
establish a favorable policy and regulatory climate to develop the energy sector. We at IEX 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
remain committed to contribute to the development of a sustainable and energy-efficient future 
for India. Have a wonderful evening. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
