 
 
 
HCL Technologies Ltd.  
Technology Hub, Special Economic Zone  
Plot No. 3A, Sector 126, NOIDA– 201304, UP, India  
t: +91 120 4306000 
 
Corporate Identity Number: L74140DL1991PLC046369 
Registered Office:   
806 Siddharth, 96, Nehru Place, New Delhi -110019, India 
 
 
 
April 24, 2026 
 
 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532281 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
NSE Scrip Code: HCLTECH 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on April 21, 2026 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
 
In terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
enclosed please find a copy of the transcript of the Conference Call held on April 21, 2026, 
post the announcement of the financial results of the Company for the quarter and year ended 
March 31, 2026.  
 
The is also available on our Company’s website https://www.hcltech.com/investor-relations. 
 
 This is for your information and records.               
  
Thanking you, 
    
For HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Manish Anand 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: a/a 
MANISH 
ANAND
Digitally signed by 
MANISH ANAND 
Date: 2026.04.24 
17:30:42 +05'30'

 
1 
 
 
 
 
“HCL Technologies Limited Q4 & Annual FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. C. Vijayakumar – Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director  
Mr. Shiv Walia – Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Nitin Mohta – Senior Vice President & Head - Investor Relations 
 
 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to HCLTech's Q4 and 
Annual FY'26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by 
pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Mohta, Head, Investor 
Relations. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nitin Mohta: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good morning and good evening, everyone. A very 
warm welcome to HCLTech's Q4 and Annual FY'26 earnings call. We 
have with us Mr. C. Vijayakumar, CEO and Managing Director, 
HCLTech, Mr. Shiv Walia, Chief Financial Officer, along with the 
broader leadership team to discuss the performance of the company 
during the quarter, followed by a Q&A. In the course of this call, 
certain statements that will be made are forward-looking, which 
involve a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other 
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
in such forward-looking statements. 
 
All forward-looking statements made herein are based upon 
information presently available to the management, and the 
company does not undertake to update any forward-looking 
statements that may be made in the course of this call. In this regard, 
please do review the Safe Harbor statements in the formal investor 
release documents and all the factors that can cause a difference. 
Over to you, CVK. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you, Nitin. Good evening, good afternoon, and good morning 
to all of you. Thank you for joining HCLTech's Q4 and FY'26 earnings 
call. This year marks 50 years of HCL Group, 50 years of building, 
reinventing, leading, and giving back. It's the start of the next one. The 
next 50 starts now. It's fitting that as we mark this milestone, 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
3 
 
HCLTech has been named to Fortune's World's Most Admired 
Companies 2026 list. 
 
Coming to business performance, FY'26 unfolded with an uncertain 
outlook. 
Tariff 
volatility 
remained a 
persistent 
uncertainty. 
Discretionary spending contracted in traditional areas but emerged 
in new pockets, and client behavior reflected familiar patterns of 
cost-takeout initiatives coupled with accelerated adoption of AI-led 
productivity gains. 
 
Notably, AI momentum remained strong with nearly all deals 
incorporating an AI or GenAI component. Given this backdrop, the 
year marks the third consecutive year of HCLTech's likely to deliver 
the highest organic revenue growth amongst scale players. I 
sincerely thank all HCLTechies for their dedication and outstanding 
performance. 
 
Coming to our Q4 performance, our revenue for the quarter was $3.7 
billion, a decline of 3.3% QoQ, and an increase of 2.4% YoY in constant 
currency. Our services business declined 0.1% sequentially, and an 
increase of 4.2% YoY. Our software business declined 28% 
sequentially, and 14% on a YoY basis. Advanced AI revenue for the 
quarter stood at $155.1 million, marking a 6.1% QoQ growth. 
 
Our operating margin for the quarter came at 16.5%, and it would be 
17.7%, excluding restructuring costs. Apart from sequential decline 
due to seasonality in the software business, we saw delay in 
procurement decisions in the month of March that resulted in 
revenue coming below our expectations. In case of services, our 
performance during the quarter came in at the lower end of our 
expectations. 
 
This was primarily due to reduction in discretionary spending on 
Telecom vertical as well as discontinuation of the two SAP programs. 
Some of this became visible only towards end of the quarter, mostly 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
4 
 
in early March. While the annuity programs in the Telecom vertical 
performed as per expectations, the discretionary spend both in 
digital business and engineering services was cut by select Telecom 
customers, specifically two large clients in the U.S. during the quarter. 
We expect the impact to continue for rest of the calendar year as 
well, which is accounted for in the guidance we will provide. 
 
In FY'26, we reported a consolidated revenue of $14.7 billion, an 
increase of 3.9% in constant currency. All growth rates referred are in 
constant currency. This growth includes growing contribution from 
Advanced AI and AI offerings. Our operating margin for the full year 
was 17.2%, a dip of 107 basis points compared to last financial year. 
Excluding the restructuring costs, our full year margins were 17.9%, 
down 40 basis points on a YoY basis. 
 
In FY'26, our services business achieved a growth of 4.8%. The 
performance was driven by IT and Business Services, which reported 
an increase of 3.7%, and Engineering and R&D Services, which 
recorded growth of 9.8%. Our HCL Software revenue stood at $1.4 
billion, and annual recurring revenue at $1.05 billion, a decline of 4.1% 
and 0.5% respectively. 
 
Our annualized Advanced AI revenue for the fiscal reached $620 
million. After two quarters of strong booking, new deal booking for 
the quarter moderated to $1.9 billion. Bookings for the fiscal was 
good. TCV of net new bookings for the year clocked $9.3 billion, same 
as last year, in spite of some of the AI deflation that you see in the 
TCV net new booking. 
 
As we close the quarter and fiscal year, our AI strategy is translating 
into deeper client engagement and clear market leadership. 
Momentum across our Advanced AI offerings and overall, AI portfolio 
remains strong, reflecting the strength of our early bets and our 
continued focus on AI that scales from experimentation to 
measurable business impact. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
5 
 
 
Our ambition is to be the best AI solutions company, leveraging our 
engineering pedigree. Our AI growth strategy is based on one, 
proactive transformation of our services, two, building differentiated 
IP that help clients scale AI adoption within the enterprises, three, 
expanding into new AI-led services, four, strengthening our AI 
partnerships, and five, grooming our AI talent. 
 
If you look at our client categories, we've grown them across the 
board, starting with an increase of one for clients greater than $100 
million, an increase of eight $50 million clients, and all the way at $1 
million, we added 28 clients. All $100 million and $50 million client 
additions are through organic growth. This is a great proof of our AI 
strategy and the relevance of AI propositions, and most importantly, 
the client relevance, which is helping us increase wallet share in a 
number of our top clients. 
 
Let me share an update on each one of these five AI strategic pillars. 
Starting with proactive transformation of our services, we have 
deployed AI across delivery and operations to augment velocity, 
quality, and efficiency across delivery workflows. Our service 
transformation platform, AI Force, is now deployed across 75 distinct 
accounts. This continued momentum is translating into large and 
strategic deal wins that demonstrate the tangible value of our AI 
capabilities. 
 
Beyond delivering measurable, scalable AI impact for our clients, we 
are also transforming internally towards an autonomous, zero-
friction enterprise by reimagining core operations and employee 
experiences. For example, LUMI, our enterprise AI agent, enables 
seamless employee interactions and instant query resolution, and 
Talent Navigator, our talent acquisition platform, which I talked about 
last quarter. We released our Responsible AI Transparency Report, 
the first among GSIs, outlining the progress we have made in 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
6 
 
embedding responsible AI across our organization and client 
engagements. 
 
The report details our governance model, how we operationalize 
accountability, fairness, security, privacy, and transparency aligned 
with global standards. On the second strategic pillar of building 
differentiated IP, which is AI Force and all industry AI solutions, a key 
focus of our strategy is building differentiated IP that help clients 
move from experimentation to scaled impact. In this fiscal, we have 
filed 38 patents across Advanced AI technologies. 
 
In parallel, we continue to broaden our AI services portfolio to meet 
industry-specific needs. This quarter, we launched two new AI Force 
SKUs for SAP and MedTech. We also unveiled 2.0 release of AI Force, 
which further strengthens its agentic capabilities with a sharper 
focus on extensibility, modularity, enterprise-grade governance, and 
interoperability. 
 
This was followed by AI Force 2.1, which enhanced platform's 
administrative controls and enriched contextual responses through 
knowledge graphs. Our existing vertically aligned industry AI 
solutions are gaining strong market traction, and we continue to 
invest in building scalable, repeatable offerings, with three currently 
under development and more in our pipeline. Expanding into the third 
pillar, which is new AI-led services. 
 
In Physical AI, we unveiled VisionX 2.0, our edge AI platform. The 
release introduces a multi-modal AI engine, LLM-based surveillance 
agent, vertical-specific use cases, zero-touch architecture, zero-
touch provisioning, and a scalable edge-to-cloud design. VisionX 
integrates with NVIDIA Metropolis and supports flexible edge 
infrastructure through Dell and HPE. In Physical AI, we also launched 
Kinetic AI.DC Ops integrated with AI Factory. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
7 
 
 
Under AI advisory services, we hosted 123 new engagements in our AI 
labs in Q4, with a notable increase in CEO and COO-led 
transformation programs. These engagements are increasingly 
focused on agentic AI-driven enterprise transformation, value stream 
re-engineering, and workforce transformation. 
 
I want to mention two of the many Advanced AI deals we won. A 
global technology major selected HCLTech for another AI Factory 
program worth over $100 million. An HCLTech solution will fast-track 
the client requirements of building and operating next-generation AI 
data centers to support cutting-edge AI workloads using the latest 
GPU technologies. 
 
A global semiconductor major selected HCLTech's AI engineering 
services to support ASIC development across multiple advanced 
node chips, strengthening its position in Physical AI. I would also 
encourage you to view some of the client success stories we have 
delivered in the new Advanced AI services showcased through our 
editorial series with WIRED magazine titled Pioneers of Enterprise AI, 
available on our website homepage. Coming to the fourth pillar, AI 
partnerships across the entire technology stack, our ecosystem 
continues to be a force multiplier for innovation and scale. 
 
We announced an expanded collaboration with Google Gemini, 
leveraging Gemini Enterprise and Gemini models to build custom AI 
agents for global clients, while strengthening security and 
collaboration through Google Workspace. HCLTech was selected by 
AWS as a global capability center partner with AWS under Rick’s 
initiative and also named an official launch partner for AWS European 
Sovereign Cloud, a new independent cloud for Europe. At NVIDIA 
GTC 2026, NVIDIA highlighted HCLTech as a key partner using 
Cosmos to accelerate Physical AI training and video analytics, the 
only GSI referenced in this context. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
8 
 
 
We recently hosted a virtual hackathon focused on agentic AI to 
accelerate AI innovation in partnership with Microsoft. In the AI 
security space, we expanded our partnership with CrowdStrike with 
the launch of continuous threat exposure management services, 
enabling continuous intelligence-led identification, prioritization, 
and remediation of exposure across endpoints, cloud, identity, 
applications, and data. 
We continue to bring academia and industry together through 
partnerships like MIT. Recently, we expanded our collaboration with 
MIT Media Lab to include an applied AI research internship program 
and an agentic AI hackathon, building on a shared ambition to 
advance agentic AI innovation with real-world impact. 
Lastly, our partnership with OpenAI is delivering measurable impact. 
We are helping clients scale enterprise AI operating systems and 
agentic workflows through our dedicated OpenAI Enterprise 
Consulting and OpenAI-badged agentic engineering teams, working 
in close collaboration with OpenAI forward-deployed engineers. 
Recent examples include two large retailers in Europe and the US. 
More partnerships to come in the coming weeks. 
On the fifth pillar of developing our AI talent, we continue to expand 
our talent pipeline. To date, we've trained 135,000 employees in 
GenAI technologies. Additionally, 11,800 AI builders and more than 
700-plus black belts for service transformation have been trained 
and certified. Taken together, these outcomes reflect not just strong 
quarterly execution, but a strategy that is clearly resonating with 
clients, as they move decisively into an AI-accelerated future. 
Coming to bookings, bookings in Q4 were well-balanced across 
service lines, geographies and verticals. Calling out a few large deals 
other than the large AI Factory deal for a global tech major and AI 
engineering work we are doing for a global semiconductor major, 
which I mentioned as a part of Advanced AI deals. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
9 
 
An US-based biopharma major selected HCLTech's physical AI 
solution, TraceX, to strengthen inventory visibility and control. The 
engagement will enable the client to improve operational efficiency, 
accuracy, enhance supply chain resilience, and create a scalable 
digital foundation to support its broader smart manufacturing 
transformation program. 
A US-based global MedTech company selected HCLTech to set up a 
state-of-the-art cybersecurity center of excellence. By leveraging its 
next-gen Cybersecurity Fusion Center and AI Force.Secure platform, 
HCLTech will help establish an adaptive security posture, secure 
connected health devices, and support regulatory compliances 
across a client's global value chain. 
A US subsidiary of a global memory semiconductor group that 
powers next-generation AI factories and hyperscale data centers 
worldwide selected HCLTech to provide end-to-end firmware 
development and sustenance services, helping strengthen the 
reliability, performance and scalability of clients' high-performance 
storage platforms. 
HCLTech's advanced engineering services will strengthen the client's 
enterprise-grade storage portfolio. A Europe-based industrial 
engineering and manufacturing company selected HCLTech to 
modernize its IT infrastructure and application landscape. HCLTech 
will leverage its AI Force platform to improve productivity and agility 
across the client organization's technology environment. 
A few other business updates. In the India AI Summit, we were 
privileged to host the Honourable Prime Minister of India, Shri 
Narendra Modi, to our booth where he engaged with us to explore 
how HCLTech is advancing AI for people, planet and progress. 
HCLTech is the only service provider rated as Customer's Choice 
across all six published Gartner Voice of the Customer assessments 
for IT services. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
10 
 
We signed a definitive agreement to acquire Finergic Solutions, a 
boutique wealth consulting firm headquartered in Singapore. 
Finergic will enhance our Financial Services portfolio, adding 
specialized capabilities in core banking and wealth management 
transformation. This quarter we also completed the acquisition of 
Wobby, a data intelligence AI offering to augment our data offerings 
in our software space. 
We are also recognized as one of the world's most ethical companies 
by Ethisphere for the third consecutive year. We are also included in 
S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook for the fourth year in a row. 
Coming to our pipeline, market trends and business outlook, our 
pipeline remains robust and broad-based across segments, verticals 
and regions, with AI increasingly integral to every deal conversation. 
While we continue to see demand in traditional buying motions 
through cost take-out, vendor consolidation and modernization 
dominate the deal mix, we are continuing to invest in AI-aligned go-
to-market, Advanced AI offerings and AI-led service transformation 
to exploit when client spend ramps up on the AI transformation 
program. If we look at the industry today and categorize it, 40% of the 
industry runs the risk of being disrupted by AI and can shrink 3% to 
5% CAGR for a few years and can eventually be 25% of the enterprise 
spend. 
This spend is what I would call as AI disrupted and is in traditional 
areas like application development support, traditional infrastructure 
operations, customer support, etcetera. Then there is a 55% of the 
industry that can take advantage of AI like data, cybersecurity, cloud, 
and grow healthy at about 10% plus and grow its share of enterprise 
spend marginally. We would call this as AI amplified or AI augmented 
services. 
Finally, there is a market that is AI native, currently at 5% of the 
market, growing at 30%, and can become 20% plus of the market in 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
11 
 
five years. This includes AI Factory, AI Engineering, Custom Silicon 
Engineering, and many other Advanced AI services. Our AI growth 
strategy is customized to align to the differential growth rates of 
each of these three categories that I mentioned. 
We believe it would help us grow faster than the market. And the 3% 
to 5% deflation that I mentioned in the AI disrupted services, based 
on the mix of services that we have, it would translate to 2% to 3% for 
our portfolio. Overall, geopolitical escalations and rapidly evolving 
situation that limits everyone from having a very definitive view of 
things that will evolve over the next 12 months. We are seeing some 
of this impact already hurting the growth outlook in Europe while 
there are no broad macro challenges in North America. 
While our business remains strong, two client-specific challenges in 
America would have close to 50 basis points growth headwind in 
FY27. These customers are going through business challenges which 
are not related specifically to the macroeconomic conditions and 
have decided to scale down their IT budget significantly. 
For the software segment, we continue to work on pivoting the 
business to more and more subscription and steady revenue streams 
away from the perpetual license sale. On the margin front, underlying 
profitability of our portfolio is resilient and margins adjusted for 
restructuring are indicative of the same. While we work through the 
specific growth challenges of FY27, the benefit of currency 
depreciation would be used to continue our investments in sales and 
GenAI capabilities. 
Now coming to guidance, our guidance for FY'27 is as follows. The 
revenue growth guidance for the full year is 1% to 4% in constant 
currency and 1.5% to 4.5% for Services. EBIT margin guidance is 17.5% 
to 18.5%. At the lower end, this assumes continued soft discretionary 
spend environment and the two clients that I referenced ramped 
down beyond the planned ramp-downs. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
12 
 
At the midpoint, the two clients land at planned revenue and 
discretionary spend trajectory remaining constant. At the higher end, 
moderate pick-up in discretionary spend and couple of large deals 
materializing in the first half. 
This guidance does not include the two acquisitions, the Telecom 
Solutions Group from HPE that we announced to carve-out and 
Jaspersoft. Both of these are not closed yet. They are delayed due to 
the US government approval that’s delayed due to the US 
government shutdown of the specific departments.  
Now I would request Shiv to walk you through more details on our 
financial numbers. 
Shiv Walia: 
Thank you, CVK. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening to 
all of you. Thank you for joining our Q4 financial year '26 earnings call. 
Let me walk you through our financial performance for the quarter 
first. Starting with the revenue performance, please note all the 
growth numbers quoted are in constant currency unless noted 
otherwise. 
Total revenue for the quarter is $3,682 million, a drop of 3.3% QoQ, 
but with a growth of 2.4% YoY in constant currency. Services revenue 
for the quarter came in at $3,386 million, a drop of 0.1% QoQ and a 
growth of 4.2% YoY. The ITBS services grew 0.1% QoQ and 4.3% YoY. 
The ERS segment dropped by 1.3% QoQ and grew by 3.8% YoY. 
Software revenue for the quarter is $307 million, a drop of 28.1% QoQ 
and a drop of 14.1% YoY. 
In terms of geographies, during the quarter USA grew at 4.9% YoY, 
Europe dropped 2.9% YoY, while Rest of the World (ROW) grew 16.6% 
YoY, and India reported an increase of 5.3% YoY. In terms of verticals, 
our Q4 growth was broad-based with 6 out of 7 verticals registering 
YoY growth. Growth was led by Technology and Public Services up 
17.8% YoY and 10.7% YoY, respectively. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
13 
 
In terms of clients, our relentless focus on services serving our 
customers has helped us to grow our client relationship. On a YoY 
basis, we added 1 client in the $100 million category, 8 clients in the 
$50 million category and 11 in the $20 million category and 26 in the 
$10 million category. 
In terms of profitability, our EBIT is $607 million at 16.5% of revenue. 
If you were to adjust the restructuring expense of 122 basis points this 
quarter, our Q4 margins are at 17.7%, just 20 basis points down YoY. 
Net income for the quarter is $486 million at 13.2% of revenue.  
In terms of margin walk, softness in Software business due to 
seasonality and delayed client decisions making 181 basis points drop 
in margins at the company level. Services margins dropped by 27 
basis points sequentially due to second cycle of increments in this 
quarter, which had an impact of 45 basis points. Restructuring 
expense had an incremental impact of negative 41 basis points. And 
higher bad debt provision had an impact of 19 basis points. And 
Project Ascend helped us to obtain 13 basis points gain during the 
quarter and forex had a positive impact of 65 basis points. 
Now, moving on to our financial performance for FY’26. Here again, 
please note that all the growth numbers quoted are in constant 
currency. Starting with the revenue performance, total revenue for 
the year is $14,664 million, a growth of 3.9% YoY. Coming to the 
Services side, Services revenue came in at $13,315 million, a growth of 
4.8% YoY. Software revenue for the year is $1,395 million, a degrowth 
of 4.1% YoY. 
Moving on to the profitability, our EBIT is at $2,526 million at 17.2% of 
revenue, which is down by 107 basis points YoY basis. Adjusted for 
restructuring, our EBIT margins for FY26 stood at 17.9%, down 42 
basis points versus last year. Project Ascend has been instrumental in 
helping us stabilize our margins as we navigate a tough FY’26 with 
uncertain demand environment. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
14 
 
Net income for the year is at $1,959 million at 13.3% of revenue. EBIT 
and Net Income exclude the one-time impact of New Labor Codes. 
Including the same, FY’26 EBIT is at $2,417 million and Net Income is 
at $1,877 million. Moving on to return on invested capital (ROIC), it 
continues to improve, thanks to our ongoing focus on profitability 
and efficient capital management. 
The last 12 months ROIC is at 40.3% for the company, up 235 basis 
points YoY, and Services ROIC now is at 47%, up 155 basis points YoY. 
Software continued to improve with ROIC at 22.6%, up 274 basis 
points YoY. In terms of cash generation, over the last 12 months, 
operating cash flow is at $2.25 billion with free cash flow amounted 
to $2.09 billion. 
Operating cash flow to Net Income conversion is healthy at 115% and 
free cash flow to Net Income is at 107%. Our balance sheet continues 
to strengthen with gross cash at $3.53 billion and net cash at $3.51 
billion. Our DSO is currently at 84 days, increased by three days QoQ. 
In terms of EPS and dividend for our shareholders, the Diluted EPS for 
the last 12 months came in at INR64.01, which is down 0.1% YoY. 
Including the impact of New Labor Code, the diluted EPS is at 
INR61.36. The Board has declared an interim dividend of INR24 per 
share for the quarter. The record date is 25th of April '26, and the 
payment of the same shall be on 5th of May'26. That brings our last 
12 months payout to INR60 per share, effectively distributing 97.6% 
of our Net Income. 
Now, the capital allocation policy - over the last 5 years since 
introducing our capital allocation policy in FY22, we have paid out 
89.9% of our Net Income to our shareholders. This translates into a 
record $8.5 billion in cash back to shareholders. We are pleased to 
share that the Board has extended the capital allocation policy today 
for a period of another 5 years. In line with our previous policy, we are 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
15 
 
committed to return at least 75% of our Net Income back to the 
shareholders over the next 5 years. 
That's all from my side for now, and I would like to hand over the 
session to our moderator for a Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question comes from the line of 
Abhishek Pathak from Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Pathak: 
Yes, hi, thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on the 
deflation number that CVK referenced. So CVK, on the 3% to 5% 
deflation estimate that we have, what is the risk that this number kind 
of keeps expanding over, let's say, the next 2 to 3 years as model 
capabilities improve, and more and more of what IT services kind of 
provide comes under the ambit of what GenAI can do? That's the first 
question. 
And the second question is - as an offset to that is, you did mention 
your GenAI offerings across be it Chip Design, be it Agentic AI, etc. 
So, across those five offerings that you have, which of the offerings 
do you think are seeing the maximum uptake and where you feel like 
over-indexing a lot over the next 2 to 3 years so the impact of 
deflation kind of gets offset? 
And if I could just squeeze in one more on the guidance front, how 
much of the guidance softness comes from geopolitical pressures 
and how much of it comes from the event that have happened 
between the last 2 to 3 months that includes, the release of Opus 4.6 
or the geopolitical impact that we've had? Thank you. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Let me answer one by one. Starting with the 
deflation number, 3% to 5% that I shared is mostly based on the 
industry mix of services. And for the specific question on how it 
changes with respect to the model effectiveness, I think most of the 
enhancement in models are really driving more and more velocity 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
16 
 
and efficiency in the SDLC lifecycle. I think that piece could go 
through a little higher deflation based on the model outcomes.  
In rest of the areas, it is Agentic, it is human-in-the-loop, and even 
the latest model on Anthropic's Mythos, ability to run production 
environment fixes without human-in-the-loop is very limited. And 
this has been acknowledged even in their own release notes. It 
depends on the service mix. For us, we called out 2% to 3% and I think 
that holds true even now. 
In terms of new services, I think that's a great question. We have 
obviously called out 5 key areas, which is Physical AI, AI Factory, 
Custom Silicon Engineering for Inferencing, AI-led Marketing 
Services, and IP and Platforms. Of course, IP and platforms are 
integral to a lot of service transformation. It has a very small 
component of IP embedded into it. 
AI Factory is where we are seeing tremendous traction. One of the 
large deals that we called out this quarter is a $100 million+ AI factory 
deal for design, implementation and support of a next-gen AI data 
center for a large Technology company. So, I think we are seeing 
good traction. We are already now into two major clients for this, and 
we hope to get to another three or four more in this coming year.  
Similarly, Semiconductor Engineering, we also announced a new deal 
this quarter on Physical AI, which is really some ASIC development 
work on advanced nodes, which is also the cutting-edge work, and 
these are the areas which we are doubling down and we see great 
traction.  
Coming to the guidance, what it takes in, I don't want to kind of say 
that geopolitics is driving this. I would want to be more specific. Of 
course, there has been some impact in March, which is what is 
reflected in our significantly lower revenue in Q4. And as I said, two 
large Telecom clients have cut down on the discretionary spent for 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
17 
 
this calendar year. I see that continuing till end of the year. A couple 
of SAP programs got discontinued. That will also have an impact. 
We are seeing some softness in Europe, and the US seems to be quite 
robust except for this specific client situation that I called out. For 
FY’27, we see a half a percent reduction due to two clients and their 
own business challenges. We continue to have a very high wallet 
share, but their own business pressures have reduced significant 
spend and that is what is driving the overall guidance. 
Abhishek Pathak: 
Thanks CVK, all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sudheer 
Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Hi, CVK. Just one clarification. These two SAP programs and the two 
Telecom accounts, are they overlapping or are they two separate 
events? Number two, what gives us the confidence that these two 
might be isolated events and there is no underlying factorial or 
causality driving this at a vertical level, at either a Telecom vertical 
level or maybe in a broader set of SAP implementation programs or 
in any geography at this stage?  
And the third one if I may squeeze in, if you add back that 50 basis 
points of impact because of these two accounts, still it would be like 
you are essentially talking about 2% to 5% kind of growth in services, 
which might be a bit tad softer than what we are anticipating. So 
anything to explain that delta, that would be helpful. Thank you. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Two Telecom clients and the two other clients are completely 
different. The two other clients where there is a half-a-percent 
decrease in FY'27 guidance, one is a large Manufacturing client, other 
one is a Retail client. So there is no overlap in these clients.  

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
18 
 
Now, what gives us confidence? This is restricted. As I said, in the 
lower end of our guidance, we are baking in that the softness 
continues. That is what we have baked in at the lower end of our 
guidance. And I think, given it is a well-known fact that 2% to 3% 
deflation happens, I think barring this, getting to 2% to 5% is a 
reasonable growth in the given environment and in so much of 
uncertainty.  
I think it is good and this of course does not include any acquisitions 
and they will get closed sometime during the year and we will call it 
out separately. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Fair enough, CVK. Thanks a lot. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Outside of these two data points that we shared, the business 
continues to perform at the same pace. I think we have done enough. 
So that is how we have arrived at our guidance. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from 
Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Yes. Hi. Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. The impact we 
had in Telecom this quarter, I think sequentially some $12-odd million, 
so that began in March. We should assume that you will see a full 
quarter kind of an impact in the next quarter. So over and above this 
50 basis points which is with those two other clients, this itself is quite 
a drag. Is that a fair understanding? Almost a 1% drag?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, I wouldn't say that it was only in March, though the decision got 
communicated to in March, but it does have a little more impact than 
just one month because I think these were the SOWs which were 
expected as a part of CY'26 spend, and it was dragging and finally it 
was called off. I would say it's a little more than a month. We are 
assuming at least that it is there till end of the year and that is all 
accounted in our guidance. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
19 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Sure. That's helpful. The second one I wanted to ask you was on the 
cancellation of SAP programs. Is this purely a budget decision or is it 
a technology or that kind of a strategic decision on the cancellation 
of the SAP programs? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I think these were related to the client budgets. I think they kind of 
de-prioritized this modernization. I think there is a general 
understanding that the timelines for some of this is also going to get 
extended from SAP. I mean, some of that is probably playing into 
these decisions. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Sure, that's helpful. Just one last one from my end. On the products 
business, considering that a lot of these were end of life which were 
built on and tried to modernize, in the context of whatever we are 
seeing with AI and all of that, how are you thinking about the long-
term trajectory of this business? And are we likely to see some, maybe 
a higher cadence on new product launches from your end to make 
up for that? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Firstly, this Q4 revenue decline is not related to anything on AI or any 
of the latest developments. As you know, the last fortnight of the 
quarter is crucial for all the deal closures in the Software segment. I 
think the situation in West Asia led to deferral in client decision-
making and some of the delays in the US government also caused 
this. We expected it to get done before March, but they didn't get 
done.  
And then, of course, a couple of other situations where some client 
stakeholder changes and all that overall led to a little more scrutiny 
and more review of the deals. I think it's very specific and our long-
term trajectory for Software business remains intact. There are three 
broad portfolios - One is data; second is operations, which is all our 
IntelliOps and AEX; and the third is experience, which has got some 
of the declining products.  

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
20 
 
So, I think the two categories which I called out, data and operations, 
are growth-oriented. They will get offset by the declines in the 
experience portfolio. So, our expectation is low-single digit, flattish 
or marginally declining, in the coming year. As the recurring part of 
the portfolio improves, that will also help.  
If you see on a YoY basis, we had a decline, bigger decline in the 
perpetual licenses and maybe a slight decline or flattish in the steady 
stream revenue. So, I think we need to kind of go through the entire 
cycle, but it's not something we are able to predict because 
especially government buying is all perpetual licenses, so we are not 
able to clearly predict it at this point. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Sure. That's very helpful. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kumar Rakesh 
with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my question. My first 
question was more of the near-term performance. In first quarter, we 
usually see a seasonality when there is a productivity pass-through 
which happens. Given there are a couple of account-specific issues 
which will have a full quarter impact, should we see higher than usual 
seasonality going into the first quarter? And also, on the deal TCV, 
you spoke about that there was some deflationary impact of AI as 
well in that. From at least near-term, should we expect the deal TCV 
also to remain muted, around $2 billion-odd? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Rakesh, you can assume the usual Q1 seasonality. Despite the 
headwinds that we had in Q4, which will continue into Q1, the mega 
deal ramp-up is on track. And that growth will offset the headwinds 
from the two client challenges that we talked about. So otherwise, 
you can assume a usual Q1 seasonality. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
21 
 
Kumar Rakesh: 
And deal TCV, the AI impact? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, of course. I mean, $100 million deal would be much lesser today 
- maybe 80 million, just on a rough ballpark. So, deal TCV is flat. But 
technically, it does require at least 25%, 30% more effort to convert 
and get to the same number. But I also want to call out – we have lost 
some deals which are voluntary losses. We have walked away from 
some deals which will not make sense and that would have easily 
contributed at least $1 billion more to this number.  
It's only prudent to be a little bit more careful about this and spend 
the energy and organizational bandwidth on more reinventing for the 
future and enhancing our AI positioning and delivering more value to 
our clients using AI instead of really fighting some of the traditional 
deals where it's hyper-competitive. If it doesn't make sense, we 
walked out on quite a few in the last six months. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Thanks for that. The second question was more on the capability side. 
The infrastructure managed services work that we do for enterprise 
customers, do we have a scope of work with hyperscalers as well? 
And if yes, how does that differ from the work that we do for 
enterprise customers? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, of course. It is different because you're managing the 
hyperscaler networks, the AI Factory, a lot of the operational work; all 
of that is different. The tools used are different. The underlying 
network technology is significantly different. So, it's really a similar 
kind of capability, but it's different technologies on which we have to 
work. 
We have invested in training and retraining a lot of our infrastructure 
and data center teams to drive or to really participate in the new AIDC 
programs. And we've also hired a lot of lateral talent because a lot of 
this is also very geography specific. We have been hiring a lot more 
lateral talent on this front in the last maybe a year or so. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
22 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vibhor Singhal 
from Nuvama Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. CVK, so my question was on 
the product business. You mentioned that basically there was a 
spillover of the last 14 days in this quarter because of which the 
revenue was a bit down. If I see for the full year also, our product 
business is down on a 4% on a YoY basis. So is the revenue that we 
missed in this quarter kind of a spillover we can expect to come back 
in Q1. 
And hence the next year performance for product business could 
look better? Or what is the trajectory that we're looking for the 
product business given the circumstances that we have at this point 
of time with the tariffs, the war, and other external factors? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, I think whether these deals will come back depends on many 
variables. So it's too early to say and the timing of closure is 
unpredictable. You would have noticed this would be the first time in 
recent years that the total revenue growth is half a percent below the 
Services revenue growth. So, at the lower end, you can compute what 
our assumptions for the Software business have been. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. And if I look at the client-specific issues that you mentioned, 
two in Telecom, one in Manufacturing, and one in Retail, I would 
assume the three of them would probably be in the ER&D part, and 
the Retail would be in the pure IT services part? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
No, no, I mentioned the Telecom is in the discretionary spend. It's a 
digital business which is part of our ITBS portfolio. Manufacturing 
client is both engineering services and BPO; both large. Retail client 
is also mostly in our digital business. We were building a new platform 
and some of that is related to this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rushabh Jain 
from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
23 
 
Rushabh Jain: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. CVK, you talked about 3% to 5% 
deflation, but that's kind of what we see anyway, even before AI. In 
renewal deals, we were seeing 10% to 15% cut in pricing over the life 
of the deal, which would translate to more or less 3% to 5%. So, it 
doesn't look like with AI there is anything significantly different. 
Would that be right? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
No, I think we were always careful that this is the incremental impact. 
I mean, considering the traditional productivity what we normally 
commit – we should be now looking at an incremental kind of impact 
or reduction in the overall solution. 
Rushabh Jain: 
I agree. Then should we think about this then being low to mid-single 
digits being equivalent to high single digits given the demand or the 
lack of growth in the last three years and now this is the fourth year 
of poor demand? I mean, can we say that some of this is also due to 
AI, the deflation impact? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
No, I would say that very little has really played out in already reported 
numbers. We expect this to happen in FY'27 and onwards. That's also 
why you'll see this guidance lower than what we had given last year. 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. C. Vijayakumar, 
CEO and MD, for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us on our earnings call for financial 
year FY'26 closing. I think, given the backdrop of the external 
environment, HCLTech has delivered good performance, dealing 
with all the different variables that are playing, and our business 
remains very resilient. 
We continue to focus on reinventing the company to be the best AI 
solutions company with an engineering pedigree, on the basis of 
which we want to focus and reinvent. We will see differential growth 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
April 21, 2026 
 
24 
 
rates in all the three different categories: AI disrupted, AI amplified, 
and AI native or Advanced AI services. We really look forward to 
growing our AI native services in the 25% to 30% range. 
 
And that will truly be the validation of how we are evolving as a 
company. Thank you for your support. I look forward to talking to all 
of you in due course. Thank you and good evening. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of HCLTech, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
