 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
IRDA Reg . No. 115 
          CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 
 
            You can contact us at: 
Mailing Address:  
           Registered Office: 
 
 
             Toll free No.: 1800 2666 
Sixth floor- Interface 16, 
          ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,              Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Office no 601 & 602, 
          Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi, 
            Website: www.icicilombard.com 
New linking Road, Malad 
          Mumbai - 400 025. 
west, Mumbai - 400064. 
 
 
April 20, 2026 
 
 To, 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051
 
Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of earnings 
conference call for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026 
 
This is further to our letter dated April 7, 2026 and April 15, 2026, please note that 
the Company had hosted an earnings conference call with investor(s) and 
analyst(s) on Wednesday, April 15, 2026 to discuss the financial performance of 
the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
In this regard, please find attached transcript of the earnings conference call with 
investor(s) and analyst(s) for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
The above information will also be made available on the Company's website at 
www.icicilombard.com.  
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. As above 
Vikas 
Mehra
Digitally signed by 
Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2026.04.20 
16:43:14 +05'30'

 
1 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Sanjeev Mantri – MD & CEO, ICICI Lombard 
Mr. Gopal Balachandran – CFO, ICICI Lombard 
Mr. Anand Singhi – Chief Retail & Government, ICICI Lombard 
Mr. Girish Nayak – Chief Enterprise AI & Technology, ICICI Lombard 
Mr. Sandeep Goradia – Chief Corporate Solutions, International & 
Bancassurance, ICICI Lombard 
Mr. Gaurav Arora – Chief Commercial Lines & Motor (Underwriting & Claims), 
ICICI Lombard 
Mr. Girish Sehgal - Chief Health UW & Claims, Customer Service & 
Operations, ICICI Lombard 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
2 
 
 
FY2026 Earnings Call Script 
  
Sanjeev Mantri: Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for joining the earnings 
conference call of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited for Q4 & 
FY2026.  
I would like to commence with an overview of the economic and industry trends which 
have shaped the operating environment over the past few months, coupled with 
insights on our company performance and our key initiatives. Following that, our Chief 
Financial Officer Mr. Gopal Balachandran, will take you through the Company’s 
financial performance for Q4 & FY2026.  
The quarter gone by has been an eventful one. For the first 2 months, the Indian 
economy exhibited continued momentum of growth from the previous quarter, 
whereas the month of March 2026 has been unprecedented in terms of the 
geopolitical challenges. The ongoing conflict in West Asia has heightened global 
economic uncertainty, leading to volatility in energy prices and financial markets. 
These external risks could have some spill over effects on the Indian economy, 
warranting a measured and watchful approach. 
That being said, India’s macroeconomic fundamentals today are considerably 
stronger and more resilient than in previous periods of global stress. This provides a 
degree of comfort in our ability to absorb external shocks, although we remain mindful 
of evolving global conditions. 
Let me now dwell upon the ensuing quarter and the year gone by. 
Retail sales of private cars, two wheelers and tractors remained positive for the year. 
In accordance with the data reported by VAHAN, for FY2026, the sales growth of 
private cars and two wheelers stood at a healthy 11.9% and 13.2% respectively. 
Pertinently, for H2FY2026, the sales growth of private cars and two wheelers stood 
at 17.8% & 21.5% as against 4.6% & 3.2% respectively in H1 FY2026, led by GST 
rationalisation. This continued momentum is also seen in Q4FY2026, wherein the 
growth of private cars and two wheelers stood at a healthy 16.3% and 24.7% 
respectively. Also noteworthy was the fact that two wheeler sales surpassed their pre 
COVID peak and were at a decadal high.  
 

 
3 
 
 
Even the sales of commercial vehicles, basis the data reported by VAHAN, have 
witnessed a growth of 20.2% in H2 FY2026 vs 4.9% for H1 FY2026 and a full year 
growth of 12.9%.  
Given the early trends of numbers reported by certain banks, credit growth is expected 
to be in double digits for Q4 FY2026, with broad-based expansion across segments. 
Also, vehicle financing continued to be an important contributor to credit growth, 
broadly in line with the trends observed in retail automobile sales. 
We believe that the above factors augment well for our industry in times to come. 
Moving to the regulatory update, you may be aware, that IRDAI has mandated 
insurers to prepare and present their financial statements in accordance with 
applicable Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS), effective April 01, 2026. We view 
this as a positive step as the enhanced disclosure requirements under the Ind AS 
framework will meaningfully improve transparency and align the reporting standards 
of Indian insurers with global practices. 
While the regulator requires insurers to provide their reporting as per both Ind AS and 
Indian GAAP for FY2027 and FY2028, it has provided the insurers the option of 
seeking forbearance to transitioning the statutory accounting to Ind AS for the first 
year. We have examined the options provided by the Authority and believe it would 
be appropriate to seek the forbearance in order to ensure that the transition is 
executed in a calibrated and operationally robust manner.  
Another important initiative announced by the Authority is the Public Insurance 
Registry (PIR), which is expected to become a key pillar of India’s Digital Public 
Infrastructure. As the framework evolves, PIR has the potential to support industry 
growth by improving penetration, driving efficiencies, elevating customer service, and 
enabling better risk selection across the ecosystem. We believe that over time, it will 
also enhance transparency, strengthen trust, and create enduring benefits for 
policyholders, insurers, and the broader financial system. 
Let me now dwell upon the industry performance for the year ended March 31, 2026.  
The General Insurance Industry reported a Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) 
growth of 9.2% for FY2026. Excluding Crop and Mass Health segments, the Gross 
Direct Premium Income (GDPI) growth stood at 13.3% for FY2026.  

 
4 
 
Speaking of specific segments within the industry: 
 
 The Commercial segment reported a growth of 12.2% for FY2026.  However, if one 
was to break down this growth into H1 & H2, the growth was 14.2% and 9.6% 
respectively. As one can observe, the business witnessed elevated levels of 
competitive intensity & pricing pressure especially in the Fire segment in the 
second half of the year, leading to muted growth.  The renewals for April 01, 2026 
are also being reported at a discount to the previous year, reflecting that this trend 
is likely to continue in Q1 FY2027 as well.  On the positive side, we would also like 
to mention that the re-insurance renewals for FY2027 have been soft. 
 The Motor segment growth for the industry stood at 9.2% for FY2026. With the 
momentum experienced post the GST rationalisation, the second half of the year 
has witnessed improved growth levels at 10.5% vis-à-vis the first half which stood 
at 7.6%.  
 The Health segment, including Mass Health, grew by 15.4% for FY2026, which 
makes it the fastest growing segment for the last 5 years from FY2022 to FY2026. 
Within this, the Group Health line of business grew by 12.8% for FY2026, whereas 
the Retail Health growth stood at 19.9% for FY2026.  
 
Speaking on the Underwriting performance of the Industry:  
 
Overall, the Combined ratio (CoR) for the industry, deteriorated from 113.2% in 9M 
FY2025 to 119.3% in 9M FY2026. The overall CoR for private players remained 
relatively flattish from 111.2% for the period 9M FY2025 to 111.5% for the period 9M 
FY2026. Due to pricing pressure, Combined Ratio for the Motor Line of Business 
continues to remain elevated at 128.1% for 9M FY2026 vis-à-vis 123.8% for the period 
ended 9M FY2025.  
 
I will now proceed to present our Company’s performance across key business 
segments for FY2026. 
 
The Company reported a growth of 7.0% in Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI), for 
FY2026 compared to the industry growth of 9.2% for the same period. ICICI Lombard 
achieved a growth of 18.2% & 15.7% in Q4 FY2026 & H2 FY2026 respectively against 
an industry growth of 10.9% & 11.2% over the same periods. 
 

 
5 
 
However, excluding the Crop and Mass Health segments, the Company recorded a 
growth of 10.2% for FY2026, while the industry grew at 13.3% for the same period. 
   
 In the Commercial lines segment, our growth stood at 5.4% for FY2026 as 
compared to the industry growth of 12.2% for FY2026. During H1 FY2026 our 
growth in commercial lines stood at 6.5% vs 14.2% for the industry, whilst for H2 
FY2026, the growth levels stood at 3.8% vs 9.6% for the industry.  
 
Amidst competitive pressure, we continue to drive profitable growth through 
prudent underwriting and judicious risk selection through our multi-channel 
distribution.  
 
We continued to maintain our leadership position in the Liability and Marine Cargo 
lines of business for the FY2026. 
 
 In the Motor segment, our growth stood at 7.6% for FY2026 as against the industry 
growth of 9.2% for the same period.  
 
In H1 FY2026, we grew by 2.2% in the motor segment vs the industry which grew 
at 7.6%. However, in H2 FY2026, we exceeded the growth levels of the industry by 
1.5% in motor i.e. 12.0% vis-à-vis 10.5%. This momentum was evident in Q4 
FY2026, wherein we achieved a growth of 15.0% vis-à-vis the industry growth of 
10.0%.  
Our portfolio mix for Private Car, Two-wheeler and Commercial Vehicle stood at 
52.8%, 25.4% and 21.8% respectively, for FY2026.  
 
 In the Health segment, for FY2026, we grew by 20.0% as against the industry 
growth of 15.4%, on a 1/n basis. For Q4 FY2026, the growth stood at a robust 
38.2%, as against industry growth of 20.5% 
 
o Our Retail Health business, continued to demonstrate strong growth of 51.1% 
for FY2026, significantly outpacing the industry growth of 19.9% in the same 
period. Consequently, our market share has improved from 3.3% in FY2025 to 
4.1% in FY2026. For the year, the Company has seen a 2X growth in the new 
retail health indemnity business sourced compared to the previous year. Our 
share of long term premium in new business for retail health stands at 42.1% 

 
6 
 
for FY2026 up from 28.5% for FY2025. This performance has been driven by 
ongoing product innovation and sustained investment in strengthening our 
retail health distribution franchise.  
 
o On the overall Group Health Portfolio, we continue to maintain a disciplined 
approach with a focus on managing the book effectively. The Group Health 
segment recorded a growth of 11.0% for FY2026 over FY2025, with our market 
share being 8.7% for FY2026.  
We have kept a focus on augmenting cash flows through underwriting long term 
business in various lines of business. Our advance premium in motor insurance has 
increased by over 15% in FY2026 vis-a-vis FY2025. Our market share in advance 
premium, excluding motor, stands at 12.5% for FY2026, up from 9.6% in FY2025. 
Our disciplined focus on profitable growth has helped us deliver consistent outcomes 
over time. While market fluctuations may impact performance in individual quarters, 
our track record reflects our ability to navigate cycles and deliver value over the long 
term.  
If we analyse the 10-year time horizon from FY2016 to FY2025, it is pertinent to note 
that the Company’s average Combined Ratio (COR) stood at 102.9%, reflecting 
sustained underwriting discipline across varying market conditions. This would 
compare favourably with the industry average (COR) of 115.3% over the same period. 
Furthermore, our investment performance has also remained strong. Over the same 
10-year horizon, we delivered a robust average realized yield of 8.7%, supported by 
prudent asset allocation and effective capital management over multiple cycles. This, 
in turn, has translated into a healthy average Return on Equity of 19.1% over the 10-
year period, which would compare favourably again with the industry average (ROE) 
of 4.0%, reinforcing the strength and resilience of our overall business model and 
consistency of our execution. 
Our ‘One IL, One Team’ philosophy continues to foster collaboration and operational 
excellence, enabling a unified approach across the organization. As part of this 
philosophy, would now apprise you of certain key initiatives: 
o First, I would like to highlight a strategic capability we’ve built in-house - one 
that materially strengthens our execution engine. We call it IL OneForce. 

 
7 
 
 
IL OneForce is an enterprise productivity platform, which has been in operation 
for over a year and is used by over 10,000 sales employees. It is on track to 
become the single operating platform for all our 15,000+ employees across the 
organisation. 
IL 
OneForce 
integrates 
work 
execution, 
performance 
management, 
collaboration and recognition into a single platform, simplifying operations, 
reinforcing execution discipline and driving accountability with real-time, 
enterprise-wide visibility. 
 
The platform enables structured partner engagement, task management and 
real-time performance analytics across the partner lifecycle. Its renewals 
capability has improved conversion by 5%, while enhanced engagement has 
doubled partner participation and expanded market reach. Notably, in health 
indemnity, improved engagement led to a 2x increase in agent activation and 
a doubling of new retail business. 
 
o Our ‘IL TakeCare’ app, a one-stop solution for insurance and wellness needs, 
achieved 21.0 million downloads as at March 31, 2026, reflecting growing 
customer engagement and digital adoption. The gross written premium 
earned from the IL take care app during the period FY2026 was ₹ 5,170.7 Mn 
vis-à-vis the corresponding premium earnings for FY2025 which stood at                       
₹ 2,237.2 Mn. From a claim intimations perspective, 67% of the customers now    
intimate their health reimbursement claims through the app, while 82% of 
claim intimations for our Travel product, Trip Secure+, were through the IL Take 
care app. We will continue to focus on improving the service experience for our 
customers with a single simplified interface for their insurance requirements. 
 
o We continue to improve our efficiency levels in Motor claims. Our Preferred 
Partner Network (PPN) serviced 75.5% of our non-OEM claims for Q4 FY2026 
respectively, up from 74.1% for Q4 FY2025. For 9M FY2026, we recorded an 
NPS of 69 for Motor claims. 
 
o In the retail health segment, 98.8% of our total claims were paid within 30 days 
for FY2026. For the period 9M FY2026, on a count basis, the number stood at 
99.9%, with the corresponding number for the industry being 82.1%. For 9M 

 
8 
 
FY2026, we recorded an NPS of 73 for Health claims, demonstrating strong 
satisfaction levels and reinforcing our position as a customer-centric 
organization 
 
o IL Sahayak has further strengthened on-ground claims support for our Health 
customers with our customer coverage improving by 25% over the previous 
year. As a part of their feedback, 95.0% of the customers surveyed rated their 
experience as exemplary (≥4.5/5) highlighting the support provided during 
claims processing and assistance with hospital coordination. This reaffirms our 
focus on best-in-class service to our customer during the moments that truly 
matter. 
 
o The “One IL One Call Centre” initiative continues to deliver strong momentum 
in the Company's transition towards a digital first Do-It-Yourself (DIY) servicing 
model. In March 2026, more than 5 lakh service engagements - 69% of the total 
service engagements, were executed digitally. Our differentiated service 
initiatives, which we had spoken about in a previous earnings call, have 
resulted in increase of our Call Centre NPS to 74 in Q4 FY2026 from 60 in Q1 
FY2026. 
Before I close, the current year marks an important milestone in the journey of ICICI 
Lombard as we enter into our 25th year of operations. We would like to take this 
opportunity to express our heartfelt gratitude to all our stakeholders who have truly 
supported us in our journey so far and we look forward to your continued trust, 
encouragement and support in the years ahead. 
I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers for Q4 & FY2026. 
 
Gopal Balachandran:  Thanks, Sanjeev and good evening to each one of you. I will 
now give you a brief overview of the financial performance of the recently concluded 
quarter and financial year. We have uploaded the ‘Results Presentation’ on our 
website. You can access it as we walk you through the performance numbers.  
 
With effect from October 1, 2024, Long-term Products are accounted on a 1/n basis, 
as mandated by IRDAI. Please refer our investor presentation (slide no. 16) for further 
details on comparison of financials on ‘n’ and ‘1/n’ basis.  
 
It may be noted that all numbers are on a ‘1/n’ basis unless otherwise mentioned.  

 
9 
 
 
 
Combined Ratio: 
 
Our Combined Ratio on an ‘n’ basis, for FY2026, was 102.4% as against 102.6% in 
FY2025. 
 
o Our Combined ratio, on a 1/n basis, for FY2026 was 103.4% as against 102.8% 
in FY2025.  
 
o Excluding the impact of the wage code of ₹ 0.55 billion, the Combined ratio for 
FY2026 stood at 102.1% and 103.1%  on an ‘n’ basis and ‘1/n’ basis 
respectively.  
 
Our combined ratio on an ‘n’ basis, for Q4 FY2026 was 100.5% in Q4 FY2026 as 
against 102.1% in Q4 FY2025. 
o Our Combined ratio, on a 1/n basis, for Q4 FY2026 was 101.2% as against 
102.5% in Q4 FY2025. 
 
Investments: 
 
Our investment assets during the quarter rose to ₹ 584.21 billion as at March 31, 
2026, up from ₹ 582.96 billion as at December 31, 2025. Our investment leverage (net 
of borrowings) was at 3.48x at March 31, 2026 and at 3.60x as at December 31, 
2025.   
 
Investment income was at ₹ 47.42 billion in FY2026 as against ₹ 42.50 billion in 
FY2025. On a quarterly basis investment income was at  ₹ 9.85 billion in Q4 FY2026 
as against ₹ 8.77 billion in Q4 FY2025.  During the quarter under review, the Company 
has recognized an impairment on its equity investments of  ₹ 0.49 billion in Q4 FY2026 
vs ₹ - 0.03 billion in FY2025, driven by the prevailing market correction.  
 
 
 
 

 
10 
 
Profitability: 
 
Profit Before Tax (PBT) 
 
Our Profit Before Tax grew by 10.2% to ₹ 36.59 billion in FY 2026 as against ₹ 33.21 
billion in FY2025.   
 
o Excluding the impact of the wage code of ₹ 0.55 billion, the PBT grew by 11.8% 
to ₹ 37.14 billion in FY2026. 
 
Our PBT grew by 7.5% to ₹ 7.18 billion in Q4 FY2026 as against ₹ 6.68 billion in Q4 
FY2025.  
 
Profit After Tax (PAT) 
 
Consequently, Profit After Tax, on a 1/n basis, grew by 10.5% to ₹ 27.72 billion in 
FY2026 as against ₹ 25.08 billion in FY2025.   
 
o Excluding the impact of the wage code ₹ 0.55 billion, the PAT on a 1/n basis, 
grew by 12.2% to ₹ 28.14 billion in FY2026.  
 
On ‘n’ basis, PAT grew by 14.1% to ₹ 27.61 billion in FY2026 as against ₹ 24.19 billion 
in FY2025.  
 
o On ‘n’ basis excluding the impact of the wage code ₹ 0.55 billion, the PAT grew 
by 15.9% to ₹ 28.03 billion in FY2026  
 
Our PAT, on a 1/n basis, grew by 7.3% to ₹ 5.47 billion in Q4 FY2026 as against ₹ 5.10 
billion in Q4 FY2025 
 
On ‘n’ basis, PAT grew by 15.6% to ₹ 5.39 billion in Q4 FY2026 as against ₹ 4.66 
billion in Q4 FY2025.  
 
 
 

 
11 
 
Return on Average Equity (ROAE): 
 
Our ROAE was at 17.8% in FY2026 as against 19.1% in FY2025. 
 
o Excluding the impact of the wage code of ₹ 0.55 billion, the ROAE stood at 
18.1% for FY2026.  
 
ROAE for Q4 FY2026 was at 13.3% as against 14.5% in Q4 FY2025.  
 
Dividend: 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company has proposed a final dividend of ₹ 7.00 per 
share for FY2026. This payment is, however, subject to approval of shareholders in 
the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company. The overall dividend for FY2026, 
including the proposed final dividend is ₹ 13.50 per share. Last year, the overall 
dividend was ₹ 12.50 per share. 
 
Solvency: 
  
Solvency ratio was at 2.67x at March 31, 2026, as against 2.69x as at December 31, 
2025, which continued to be higher than the minimum regulatory requirement of 
1.50x.   
 
o The solvency was impacted by 14 basis points, as an outcome of the Mark to 
Market losses experienced on the equity portfolio as at March 31,2026. 
 
 
As I conclude, I would like to state that we are aligned with our ethos of driving 
profitable growth, consistent and sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders, 
while ensuring that the interest of the policyholders are in the forefront at all times.   
   
I would like to thank you for attending our earnings conference call & we would be 
happy to answer questions that you may have.  
 
 

 
12 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-
and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of 
Supratim Datta from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
  Hello, thanks a lot for the opportunity. My first question is on 
the competitive environment in the industry. There have been 
articles recently indicating that competition in the Commercial 
Lines has been fairly elevated. You indicated that the Motor 
Lines combined ratio remains elevated. So, if you could give us 
an idea about how competitive environment in the different 
segments is panning out, that would be helpful. And is there 
any improvement due to now the EOM guidelines kicking in? 
So, that's my first question. The second question, coming to the 
loss ratio side, this year's 4th Quarter Motor TP loss ratio has 
been significantly lower than what we have seen in the last 
year. So, just wanted to understand what has played out for 
this significant improvement versus the run rate that we have 
seen previously, and why is the crop loss ratio negative if you 
could give some color on that. Lastly, on IFRS, Gopal, would it 
be possible for you to give us some understanding or clarity 
regarding how your PAT under IFRS would look versus the 
IGAAP PAT? That would be very helpful. Thank you. 
Gopal Balachandran: Maybe I can take the second and the third, and then maybe 
Sanjeev can respond to the first one. I think on the loss ratio, 
Supratim, I think this obviously comes to us every quarter, and 
I think our response will still remain the same, as in to say that 
one, you have to keep looking at Motor as a category as 

 
13 
 
compared to one looking at separately Motor-owned damage 
and third party. That's one. Second, I think we would continue 
to again request all of you to keep looking at numbers more on 
a full year basis as compared to, let's say, any given quarter. 
And just to refresh what we have been telling the street is, I 
think the range that we are comfortable on Motor is between 
65% to 67%. I think that is the range that we have maintained. 
And if you would have seen for the full year current year, I think 
we ended at roughly about 66.3%. It's well within that range. 
And hence, to that extent, I think that's the range that we 
would be tracking pretty closely. So, in that sense, there is 
nothing that has changed. If you ask us, has any of our 
reserving philosophy undergone a change, the short answer is 
no. And we continue to maintain prudence in terms of 
maintaining our loss reserves. So, hence, I think we have to 
keep looking at numbers more on a full year basis as compared 
to any given quarters. So, that's one. Crop, I think time and 
again, we have talked about it because generally again, just to 
refresh, most of the businesses in crop get booked around 
Quarter 2 and somewhere around Quarter 3 and maybe early 
Quarter 4. Because those are typically the two seasons that 
largely get exhibited. In our case, we had predominantly large 
exposure on crop, largely from one state, of which a large part 
of our premium was something that had got booked roughly 
around Quarter 2 of the year. And as we have said, it obviously 
takes time for the season to play out in terms of actual loss 
experiences. And in any quarter, when you see the experience 
play out, then to that extent, obviously, if you recollect, even at 

 
14 
 
the time of booking the policies, we obviously follow a very, 
very conservative approach of providing for almost 100% loss 
ratio at the time of writing the risk. And as the actual 
experiences play out, obviously, to that extent, in case if you 
see some a positive change, then to that extent, that gets 
reflected again in the given quarter. And hence, to that extent 
is why possibly you are seeing that number in line with the loss 
ratio outcomes for Quarter 4. Here again, I would continue to 
urge that you should again look at the numbers more on a full 
year basis. On a full year basis is pretty much range bound, 
whether you look at FY25 or whether you look at FY26. 
On Ind AS, I think, in line with what we are also going to put 
out as a part of the opening transcript, at this point of time, if 
you ask us, now there is a definitive date in so far as 
transitioning to Ind AS is concerned. So, hence, that's a very, 
very welcome step in so far as the overall industry is 
concerned. I think that's what rightfully so the regulator has 
done it. 
In terms of our own transition, I think we have been working 
on a plan of action in terms of getting our processes internally 
up and ready so that we are able to start reporting numbers to 
all of you whenever we are ready for it. At this point of time, I 
think we will continue to give in line with what we have done 
even in the past. We have been submitting pro forma numbers 
for the last two years. So, we will continue even for FY26-27 
on a quarterly basis in line with the requirements. We will 

 
15 
 
continue to submit Ind AS based results to the regulator. And 
maybe we will come back to all of you at an appropriate time. 
And then we will possibly start talking about more specifics in 
terms of the impact that it does on both the combined ratios 
and maybe the return on equity objectives. Because those are 
the two things that the market obviously wants to hear from 
us. So, we will come back on that.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, also, just to close out the IFRS part, we have always said 
in the past also, that the year of adoption, there would be a 
significant decline in combined ratio. It can be in the range of 
300 basis to maybe 400-450 basis point. But look, that's only 
the accounting part of it. The economic value over a period of 
time, it is expected to converge and have the same value 
creation for the Company as it happens. So, our stance pretty 
much remains the same. And yes, from next quarter one, we 
will end up doing our submissions on that count. 
With respect to Supratim on competitive pressure that is there, 
and we spoke about that also when we were giving the overall 
briefing for the year that has gone by. Yes, it has intensified on 
Commercial Line of business. At the same time, the capacity 
overall on the reinsurance side was very high available and we 
have been able to see to some extent is getting negated. Will 
this continue? My own belief is market forces will play out. But 
our own understanding is when we see intensive competition, 
the selection has to get sharper, will we compete in the 
market? Answer is yes. But what we have been able to write 

 
16 
 
and what we will write, we will be creating differentiation. If 
you remember last year, over quarters, we had said that there 
was a marginal loss of market share for us on the fire side 
purely was on account of the fact that we will do what is 
comfortable and the output is in some ways here to see. These 
are all very exposure-driven products, and you have to be 
cautious of what you pick and what you don't. And we 
continue to follow that. There is no overarching worry. We are 
very well placed as an institution in terms of what practices we 
have to counter any such measures that come up in the 
market. And overall General Insurance in particular, have seen 
these kind of conduct at multiple levels and we are well-placed 
about it. On Motor also in a similar vein, yes, the industry is 
being stressed at multiple counts. The combined ratio which I 
just spoke about for the nine months stayed at 128 clearly not 
a workable one. We continue to pick and choose and deliver a 
result which is differentiated from the market. It's purely led by 
on multiple count distribution and underwriting practices 
which differentiates in own damage as well as third-party 
which briefly Gopal spoke about. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Prayesh 
Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Hi everyone. A few questions from my side. Firstly, I just 
wanted to take a view on your solvency which is very high at 
2.7 because you have been generating good profits over the 
past few years and in fact from FY22 to FY25 and even now 

 
17 
 
the solvency has been increasing. So, how do you see whether 
you can utilize the solvency better in terms of paying out 
dividends or in any other form, because unless the growth is 
really exceptional, I am sure that we would not need that 
excess solvency on the balance sheet. That's question number 
one. Second, Sanjeev, you have been talking about Motor TP 
price hike and we have discussed this in the last few calls as 
well, but given the trajectory on the Motor TP loss ratio that 
about 63.2 in FY25 and 63.8 this year for you, do you think that 
Motor TP price hike can come in? And my last question is on 
the Health Insurance front. Gopal, if you could split up the loss 
ratios for Retail and Group. 
Gopal Balachandran: So, Prayesh, so the first one, I think, I think as a Company, what 
we have always maintained is sufficient margins when it 
comes to solvency because the Indian market is still on 
Solvency 1 Regulation. I think, of course, there is a roadmap to 
maybe eventually transition to risk-based capital, which again, 
as what the regulator has rightfully done on Ind AS, I am sure 
they would possibly try and do a similar thing even on 
transition to risk-based capital as well. So, obviously, one will 
have to wait and see how that plays out. But till that point of 
time, I think the Indian market continues to be guided by 
Solvency 1, which, as I said, still mandates capital asked to be 
maintained basis the gross exposures that you have as an 
entity. And hence, to that extent, we will have to be mindful of 
and prudent in terms of the levels of solvency that we carry as 
an institution. Having said that, I think to your point on the last 

 
18 
 
few years, I think fair observation. But if you see, I think last 
couple of years in specific, I think we have been relatively lower 
when it comes to growth. But that's something that we have 
already seen clear positive reversal of trends emerging for us. 
And with the momentum that we have seen, in all fairness, one 
would obviously want to make sure that we are able to get it 
extended even as we head into FY27. And the moment you will 
see as what you have seen, let's say even in the second half of 
this year, growth coming back. So, to that extent, obviously, 
one will look at consuming some part of the solvency that we 
have. And three, our solvency is also guided by obviously a mix 
of what is it that we want to drive in terms of the growth 
objective. And two, at the same time, make sure that we are 
appropriately rewarding the investors who have obviously 
placed faith in us. And in that context, I think if you would have 
seen historically, we do have a Board-Governed Dividend 
Distribution Policy in place. On an average, I think what we 
have been able to distribute is roughly about 25% of our PAT. 
And this year, again, as what we had put out in our opening 
transcript, roughly about ₹ 13.5 per share for the full year, 
roughly translates to almost about 25% of our profit after tax. 
So, hence, it obviously will be a continued combination of both 
rewarding the shareholders appropriately and at the same 
time making sure that we are able to use the capital for 
growth. And the third part, as I said, we will obviously keep a 
watch on the transition to risk-based capital. So, that's one. To 
your point on the breakup for the Health loss ratio numbers, 
thankfully, this time the question has come ahead of time so 

 
19 
 
maybe we will answer it. So, I think Q4 of last year, this right 
now, I will give you the numbers for Quarter 4, employer-
employee book. Last year, Q4, the loss ratio was 98%. And this 
year, that number is almost the same at 98.1%. On the retail 
indemnity book, the loss ratio for Q4 last year was 64.8%. And 
this year, Quarter 4, the loss ratio on the indemnity book is at 
57.6%. Now, the same year numbers on a full year basis, 
employer-employee book for last year has been at 97.2%. And 
this year, full year, the employer-employee book loss ratio 
stands at about 91.9%. On the retail indemnity, full year last 
year was 67.9%. This year, full year is at about 64.6%. So, just, 
therefore, to sum it. Again, on the indemnity book, I think the 
range that we have spoken about is between 65% to 70%. And 
that's what we have been largely talking through even in the 
past several quarters. And broadly, if you see the experience 
that one has seen, the good part is, I think, one, we have been 
able to build a book which is pretty much to our liking. And it 
has played out both in terms of growth in market share and 
also staying within the loss ratio range. So, those are the 
responses to the two questions.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, yes, I think, possibly, it has been almost five years now 
since the industry has got a hike. At the loss ratio, at the 
industry level, as far as Motor TP is concerned, is at around 
85% and thereabouts, which is significantly elevated. If you 
see, and Gopal briefly spoke about it, we have to also 
reconfigure our portfolio to get aligned and drive the efficiency, 
which we have been able to reflect. It does, at times, leads to 

 
20 
 
a loss and whenever we end up having discussions, whether 
individually or collectively, there's so much of questioning as to 
why has the market share gone up that is what it takes to 
reconfigure. We have also recalibrated our practice in terms of 
ground surveillance and doing what is required to avoid fraud, 
which probably we would easily say is among the lowest in the 
industry. There's no way we can claim to eliminate it. So, there 
are multiple factors that go about it. We remain desirous of the 
fact that, yes, the TP hike for the industry is overdue and 
sooner than later, that should play out. But we can only control 
what is in our hand. This one definitely is not and in line with 
that, we continue to forge our own understanding and 
deliberation to penetrate market at multiple counts and make 
it work for us as a Company. And from an industry standpoint, 
sooner than later, we do hope the relief comes through. 
Prayesh Jain: 
 Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sanket 
Godha from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanket Godha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is that last 
year, we lost market share in Commercial Lines. And given the 
market is soft, as you highlighted, is it fair to say that we will 
claw back market share in the softer market or we will remain 
as cautious as we were last time? And in these lines, I just 
wanted to understand, given the soft market growth outlook, 
given your second half growth is 16% and maybe crop being a 
new tendering year, how do you see growth of 16% to continue 

 
21 
 
for the next year? And any color if you can give on that, those 
lines will be very useful. That's my first question. Maybe I will 
ask another one later. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Okay. No, Sanket, I think last year, I am saying when you say 
last year, the year before the one given the result which is 
Financial ‘25, we didn't lose market share, we had gained by 
0.1%. We had a quarter here that we missed, but overall, we 
had gained. We are talking about a market share which is in 
the range of 13.7%, which was year before last. This year, we 
have closed by 0.8%, 0.7% basis point lower. And it's driven 
through multiple configurations when we meet up personally. 
I am more than happy to, Sanket, run through that. That a 
share that we draw, these fluctuations to ensure that we select 
right can happen. But the Commercial practice that we have is 
very unique in the industry. And it's not driven by what 
business we are able to write, it's about how we are able to 
even manage teams. There's a significant contribution on large 
corporates to mid and to small. Honestly speaking, from an 
entity standpoint, we have done a much more recent job on the 
large corporate side. And over the last two to three years, 
which we have been briefing to you, it has been a more 
distribution-led growth. And we have been able to diversify 
our portfolio in a significant manner. We do believe that we 
have a very significant edge in the overall practice. And we will 
be able to have a reasonable presence as far as Commercial is 
concerned. I don't want to jump the gun to say where the 
market share will be, but we will be a very relevant player. And 

 
22 
 
it's not easy to see us losing foothold on that on an overarching 
basis. Crop coming into play and yes, the market opens up 
significantly. We are still awaiting the details in terms of what 
contours this market will open as in when those guidelines 
come in, we will be able to comment as to what it is. But we 
have always maintained our stand that crop will be purely on 
selection basis of what we feel is appropriate, rather than a 
targeted segment where we say we have to do this much at 
least. That's not the way we look at it. Do we want to 
participate, it is a bold ‘Yes’. Do we want to chase it? The 
answer is no. We are very well-placed overall, and we are 
excited actually in terms of the opportunity that will present 
itself. Our current crop number vis-à-vis what was there a year 
before last or this year is virtually half. And there is some play 
available for us to make it count in this year. 
Sanket Godha: 
Sanjeev, when I meant April last year, you lost market share in 
Commercial Lines because you believed the market was too 
soft. And if you are assuming it is too soft again maybe full 
year you caught it up. But given April is very strong in the 
renewal for fire, whether it will have any implication in 1Q 
growth or April growth, which is significantly very big. And 
lastly, on crop, I just wanted to add is that whether you 
confined till last three years to one state. I don't know what 
final contours will be, but it is fair to say that you will be 
expanding beyond a particular state in the current year or not 
broadly that's the way you are strategically thinking in those 
lines or not, is the point I wanted to check. 

 
23 
 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, one state worked out because it was a line of what we 
wanted to do. It is not a plan that will continue to be a one state 
for this. We will go wherever it makes commercial sense. And 
we believe that it is appropriate and crop obviously can play 
out the way it is. We are still awaiting structures. So, we are 
open to whatever comes up our way, to be very honest, on that 
point. And on the Commercial part, in terms of what you were 
saying, look, the growth of the industry itself will get impacted. 
And we are an offshoot of that. So, we can do better, we can 
do worse, depending on how it pans out. But overall, if you 
remember in H1, we had a much bigger loss vis-à-vis what 
happened in H2. So, we have also done what is required. So, 
what cannot be acquired through large corporates, we have 
played out and distribution has taken its own play. But we are 
very well entrenched. So, we should be fine on the Commercial 
part also, overall, as an entity. 
Sanket Godha: 
Understood and if it's a growth point of view, given... 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
No, for growth and Commercial, because of fire being there, 
the industry itself may have challenges on growth. Let me put 
this very clearly. But it doesn't mean that it puts us at a 
significant disadvantage vis-à-vis anybody else. It would be 
probably single digit. 
Sanket Goda: 
Sorry, Sanjay, just to squeeze in, I was asking that second half 
of our growth was 16%, though maybe weak in first half. So, 
this 16% growth run rate, you expect to continue largely for 
FY27? 

 
24 
 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
There is so much happening all around that how do we predict 
that? But yes, Gopal mentioned that very briefly, we are very 
confident of moving into the quarter one and quarter two on a 
positive note overall, as things stand. But how does the 
industry play out overall? We will have to watch at that. We 
also presume that the tailwinds which got created from GST 
cuts, which led to a very robust Quarter 4 would continue to 
play out, definitely will be well-placed for growth. We are 
excited with that opportunity, but we will have to wait in terms 
of how the market plays out. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nidhesh 
from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir. My question is on Motor. So, in 
Motor, in H1, we grew lesser than the market. In H2, we grew 
faster than the market. So, what drove that? And what is the 
outlook of our growth vis-à-vis industry growth in FY27 in the 
Motor segment? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Yes, okay. So, Nidhesh, I think, yes, H2 was better. There was 
also a significant play that came out on account of new sales 
for the country doing better and there is nothing which we can 
say that we tend to do better when new sales are very high. 
And we have seen that new grew at almost 18.8% for us vis-
à-vis 13.4% on the old side. So, on the outlook of Financial Year 
‘27, we will have to see. We do expect a higher single-digit 
growth at the industry level. And if that happens, it would be, 
again, good for us. Another thing which worked out last year 

 
25 
 
was the growth of two-wheeler. When I was talking, I said that 
it was at a decadal high in terms of the overall growth that 
happened. For the last three-four years, we have been saying 
that we have not beaten the pre-COVID number on two 
wheeler. That itself is, again, a big plus overall on the Motor 
side. 
Gopal Balachandran: The only thing I will just add Nidhesh just to what Sanjeev was 
saying. I think one of the initiatives that we have also been 
speaking in our earlier calls is our relentless focus on improving 
retentions. And we will be very, again, happy to indicate that 
for the full year, I think at an aggregate, let's say, Company 
level, a large part of which will be predominantly, let's say, 
Retail business line. I think we have seen an improvement in 
our overall retention numbers go up by almost about 5%. So, 
hence, that is something that we will continue to stay focused 
on even as we head into FY27. That will be an important lever 
that we would obviously work on beyond, of course, the point 
that Sanjeev made in so far as new vehicle sales is concerned. 
Nidhesh: 
Sure. So, basically, the growth acceleration that we have seen 
is the function of new vehicle sales going up and may be 
competitive intensity reducing and we gaining market share on 
a like-to-like basis. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
 So, new and old, and I think we did sometime in quarter one 
last year that we had as a Company extensively worked on the 
retention part. A lot of work was done on multiple counts by 

 
26 
 
us. And that's what Gopal is referring to when he's saying that 
we have a delta of higher retention of our customers. 
Nidhesh: 
 Sure. So, should we expect H2 trend to play out next year also 
that we will grow faster than the industry? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
 I think, let me put it this way. We are well placed overall, but 
there are multiple factors. See, if there is a challenge on the 
energy, if the Indian mentality moves into the saving part of it 
rather than spending, the Motor sales or auto sales, which 
probably all of you are well aware of it actually ends up getting 
really muted. We will have to see how that part comes in. But 
we would say that the momentum on Quarter 3 to Quarter 4 
and so effectively in Quarter 1 should play out. I would say, yes, 
we are going with a very positive mindset at this point of time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Avinash 
Singh with Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Good evening. A couple of 
questions. The first one, I would say, if you can clarify my 
understanding, this ₹ 49 crore charge that you have taken for 
diminishing value of investment provisions in this quarter, is it 
largely driven by the equity market fall or bond or both? So, 
that's one. And second, in Motor TP, of course, you have 
explained a lot of things. My question is that we have not seen 
a sort of a price hike but what has changed for you that you 
have accelerated your growth in CV segment? Now, typically 
from whatever we hear, it is a CV by and large, where the price 

 
27 
 
revision is required and it's not so profitable. But in Q4, it seems 
that you have gone a lot higher in terms of, you know, that CV. 
So, what has changed there? What kind of a strategy is there? 
And for the full year, around ₹ 780 crore of Motor third-parties 
which we get, is that number I am seeing correctly? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, maybe I can take the last one. So, again, we will keep 
saying, you should keep looking at the loss ratio range that we 
have spoken about for Motor as a category, which is between 
65% to 67%. An absolute amount of reserve number that you 
spoke about, honestly, in our sense, is something that would 
not necessarily be a right metric to track. A better metric will 
be to keep looking at the loss ratio outcome, which is the range 
that we have spoken about between 65% to 67%. But the good 
part is, I think, what has worked for us, we have seen a clear 
rebound of growth. And at the same time, we have been able 
to maintain the loss ratio expectations that we have set out. 
So, hence, to that extent, I think, is where we have been able 
to deliver both on growth as well as in so far as the loss 
outcomes. And that's something that we are very- very happy 
with and very-very positive when we head into FY27. And as I 
said, in response to the earlier question, is there any change in 
the thought process of any of our reserving philosophies of 
reserving processes? Absolutely no. We continue to maintain 
prudence. We continue to maintain margins for any levels of 
uncertainty that we see in any of the books. And more so in the 
context of Motor third party, which has got long tail periods of 
large development. So, hence, to that extent, that's in response 

 
28 
 
to the point on Motor third party. To your first question with 
respect to the ₹ 49 crore diminution in the value of investment, 
I think this is what I mentioned even as a part of the opening 
transcript. We have a policy on impairment of investments that 
we have in the context of equity investment specifically. And 
consequent to what we have seen, the market conditions 
getting exhibited in Quarter 4 of this year, we have obviously 
evaluated stocks that we hold. And basis the policy that we 
have, we have done an impairment of about ₹ 49 crore. All of 
this ₹ 49 crores is with respect to the policy on diminution in 
the value of equity investments. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Yes, okay. So, now on the CV growth, I think you are absolutely 
right. It's done better. But there are multiple moving parts. I 
don't want to get into details. We can do it probably when we 
meet up Avinash and talk about it. We have done better. But 
the overall contribution of CV to the book has still been range 
bound at 22%. You see multiple things. And there's one more 
aspect that the cost of acquisition that comes into play. And if 
we see moderation, we see an opportunity, we are also 
scanning the market, adding new vectors and something looks 
viable, we end up doing it. We have also created a significant 
edge vis-à-vis the market through a fleet management 
system, which we are working for last almost 18 to 24 months. 
And that has also started giving us some bit of an advantage 
as to what we can do in Commercial Vehicle. It's overarchingly 
still come range bound. And we do believe that the overall 
growth in CV market also for H2 was at a reasonable level, 

 
29 
 
which I have given in the numbers in the details, which also 
again presented us with an opportunity to do what is required. 
Overall, on the practice side, if you see where ICICI Lombard is, 
certainly private car and two-wheeler is our trend. But CV, we 
continue to exhibit a lot more intensity, but the outcome used 
to be moderate for us and for last couple of quarters, it's come 
into play and I sincerely hope that we will have a similar trend 
going forward next year, or this year rather. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nischint 
Chawathe from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe:  Hi. This is slightly open-ended. The regulator is looking at 
newer set of guidelines on commissions, probably capping 
commissions or deferring them. Assuming that this kind of 
leads to some amount of tightening, how do you see this 
impact on the industry and for yourself? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Nischint, I think we have always maintained an environment 
where the regulator enforces it. In the past also, we have said 
that there are quite a few players who have sought 
dispensation or have not followed the guidelines and that does 
not augur well. Any tightening on a uniform basis across the 
industry would place ICICI Lombard at a significant advantage 
because we have remained within the limits of expense of 
management and if others fall in place, we can only see better 
time ahead for us as an industry. The only thing that remains 
is it should be practiced across the industry on a uniform basis. 
It is a welcome sign if it comes out, we have always also 

 
30 
 
mentioned the fact that we believe the expense of 
management should be on a single slab basis so that there's 
clarity of execution and let the market forces decide as to what 
works for each one of them in every single business line. 
Nischint Chawathe: What is the latest in terms of regulatory engagement on EOM? 
Is there any revision expected around the corner along with 
this, separately? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
We can only say that whatever is accessed by each one of you 
is what we access and we await for what the regulator has in 
mind. We don't want to do any second guessing but any 
tightening on account of that would be welcomed by us 
because it puts the industry in good path with respect to 
policyholder and also for us as an institution. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. Thank you very much and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last 
question for today. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Sanjeev Mantri for closing comments. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Thank you so much for joining in. We look forward to the new 
financials with renewed hope. We have definitely as a team 
been excited as to how we have been able to close H2 over H1 
and more so Q4 over the rest of it. We are positive in terms of 
how things can work out for General Insurance industry at 
large and with the reforms that the regulator has put in place. 
But at the same time, we hope that the world moves in a much 
more peaceful manner in times to come. Thank you so much 

 
31 
 
and all the best to each one of you for joining in. Thank you so 
much. 
Gopal Balachandran: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance 
Company Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Safe Harbor:             
Except for the historical information contained herein, 
statements in this release which contain words or phrases 
such as 'will' , 'would' , ‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and 
similar expressions or variations of such expressions may 
constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These forward-
looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and 
other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. 
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to our 
ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and 
expansion in business, the impact of any acquisitions, 
technological implementation and changes, the actual growth 
in demand for insurance products and services, investment 
income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, 
policies and actions of regulatory authorities; impact of 
competition; the impact of changes in capital, solvency or 
accounting standards, tax and other legislations and 
regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other risks detailed in 
the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our holding company 
with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

 
32 
 
ICICI Bank and we undertake no obligation to update forward-
looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the 
date there. 
 
 
 
