 
 
 February 09, 2026 
To 
The Secretary, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001. 
 
Scrip Code: 540975 
To 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051. 
 
Scrip Symbol: ASTERDM 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025 
Reg: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated February 02, 2026, wherein the Company submitted the link to 
the audio recording of the Earnings Call held for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025, 
please ﬁnd enclosed herewith the transcript of the said earnings conference call. 
The same is also made available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.asterdmhealthcare.in/investors/ﬁnancial-information/earning-call-transcripts 
Kindly take the above-said information on record. 
Thanking you, 
For Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
 
Hemish Purushottam 
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer 
M. No. A24331 
 
 
 
 
 
HEMISH 
PURUSHOTT
AM
Digitally signed by 
HEMISH 
PURUSHOTTAM 
Date: 2026.02.09 
15:46:25 +05'30'

 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
February 2, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Ms. Alisha Moopen – Deputy Managing Director 
Mr. T J Wilson – Non-Executive Director 
Mr. Ramesh Kumar – Chief Operating Officer   
Mr. Sunil Kumar M R – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha – Chief Investor Relations & M&A Officer 
 
          QCIL Management:  
        Mr. Varun Khanna – Group MD & CEO, QCIL 
 
Moderator: 
 Mr. Puneet Maheshwari – Lead - Investor Relations 
 

2 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Good morning, everyone. I welcome you to Aster DM Healthcare Earnings 
Conference call for the Q3 FY26. Today with us we have the senior 
management of Aster DM Healthcare, namely Ms. Alisha Moopen, Deputy 
Managing Director; Mr. T.J. Wilson, Non-Executive Director; Mr. Ramesh 
Kumar, Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Sunil Kumar, Chief Financial Officer; 
and Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha, Chief Investor Relations and M&A Officer. We 
are also delighted to have Mr. Varun Khanna, Group MD of Quality Care. 
Mr. Khanna is here solely in the capacity of a representative of Quality 
Care, to give insights into the business and future plans of Quality Care, 
the entity which is in process to get merged with Aster DM Healthcare. 
 
It is to be noted that the merger is subject to further regulatory approvals. 
All external attendees will be in listen only mode for the duration of the 
entire call. We will start the call with the opening remarks by the 
management, followed by an interactive Q&A session. Certain forward-
looking statements in this meeting involve risk and uncertainties. 
 
Aster DM Healthcare assumes no responsibility for actions based on these 
statements and undertakes no obligation to update them for future 
events. With this, I will now request Ms. Alisha Moopen to start with the 
opening remarks. Over to you, Ms. Alisha. 
 
Alisha Moopen:                    
Thank you, Puneet. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 
 
As this is our first call in 2026, wishing everyone a happy new year.   
 
As we move through the final phase of the regulatory process for the 
proposed merger with Quality Care, we believe it is increasingly becoming 
useful to discuss our performance through the lens of the combined 
platform we are in the process of building. At the same time, we remain 
fully mindful that the transaction is still subject to shareholder and NCLT 
approvals. 
 
While the merger process is yet to be consummated, combined 
performance of the platform reflects how the two organisations are 
already operating at scale with complementary footprints, similar clinical 
philosophies, and consistent operating disciplines and provides a clearer 
view of the earnings capacity and capital efficiency of the platform for the 
coming years. 
 
Over the coming few months, wherever relevant, we intend to continue 
providing this combined proforma perspective to help investors better 
assess the underlying economics of the platform. 
 
With that context and keeping the medium to long-term lens in mind, I will 
begin by discussing the combined proforma performance of Aster and 
Quality Care, before moving to Aster’s results. 
 
We are very encouraged by the operating performance of the combined 
entity this quarter, which demonstrates consistent and broad-based 
growth, driven by continued focus on clinical excellence, an improving case 
mix, and efficient cost management. 
 
On a combined proforma basis, the platform delivered revenue growth of 
15% year-on-year to INR 2,366 crore, supported by 9% growth in total 
patient volumes and 8% growth in Inpatient ARPP. This was also 
accompanied by the CONGO mix increasing by approximately 150 basis 
points to 54.4% in Q3 FY26. Operating EBITDA grew faster than revenue, 
increasing 22% year-on-year to INR 503 crore, translating into an operating 
EBITDA margin of 21% and ROCE of 21%.  
 
This performance is not limited to a single quarter. The combined 

3 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
proforma performance of Aster and QCIL has demonstrated strong 
performance across the first three quarters of FY26, supported by steady 
patient volume growth in the 8-9% range and sequential improvement in 
patient realizations, with inpatient ARPP increasing in the range of 8-10% 
year-on-year each quarter over the same period. 
 
This reflects not just topline growth, but continued improvement in 
operating quality, driven by higher clinical complexity, an improving case 
mix, and sustained cost discipline across the combined platform. As a 
result, revenue and operating EBITDA have grown at healthy double-digit 
rates across all three quarters, while operating margins have remained 
stable above 20%, despite ongoing capacity additions and business 
seasonality. 
 
Supporting this momentum, we continue to pursue measured capacity 
expansion aligned with long-term demand. Over the past year, we added 
560+ beds, taking combined capacity to 10,620+ beds across 28 cities. Our 
pipeline includes over 4,000 additional beds, taking total capacity to 
14,710+ beds, through a balanced mix of greenfield and brownfield 
expansions. This disciplined and balanced approach allows us to scale 
capacity while preserving capital efficiency and returns. 
 
Both Aster and Quality Care have independently demonstrated strong 
execution across cost management, and clinical productivity. Initiatives 
such as procurement centralization, in-sourcing of key services, and 
strengthening of clinical talent have already supported operating 
efficiencies and margin delivery. This provides confidence in operating 
alignment and execution discipline ahead of integration, as we continue to 
progress through the merger process. 
 
Coming to the update on merger. A notable development during the 
quarter was the continued and structured progress on the proposed 
merger with Quality Care India Limited. 
 
The transaction has advanced through the key regulatory and procedural 
steps to date. Following receipt of CCI approval and no-objection letters 
from NSE and BSE with no adverse observations, the Company filed the 
merger application with the NCLT on December 11, 2025. 
 
As directed by the NCLT, the shareholders’ meeting to consider and 
approve the merger scheme is expected to be convened between February 
27, 2026, and March 13, 2026. 
 
Subject to shareholder approval, the NCLT will thereafter review the 
application, and upon receipt of its sanction, the merger will become 
effective. Based on the current process timelines, the merger is expected 
to be completed in Q1 FY27. 
 
Having reviewed the trajectory of the combined platform, let me now turn 
to Aster’s performance for the quarter. 
 
During the quarter, Aster delivered steady and broad-based growth, 
supported by improving case mix, disciplined execution, and continued 
momentum across its core clusters. A key development during the period 
was the commissioning of the Kasargod hospital, which marked an 
important expansion milestone and contributed to overall revenue 
growth. 
 
Aster’s revenue from operations stood at INR 1,186 crore, representing a 
13% year-on-year increase, driven by 10% growth in total patient volumes 
and a 9% improvement in Inpatient ARPP. This improvement was 
supported by a richer specialty mix, with the CONGO mix increasing 
meaningfully during the quarter, alongside continued focus on operational 
efficiency. 
 
This performance reflects our continued shift toward complex, high-value 
care. Oncology revenues grew 27% year-on-year, with contribution 

4 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
increasing to 11% in Q3 FY26, up from 10% last year. The Medical Value 
Travel segment grew 41% year-on-year, led by higher international patient 
footfall in Kerala, where MVT revenues grew 64% year-on-year. In our 
ancillary businesses, the Labs revenue increased 17% year-on-year to INR 
39 crore, reflecting continued scale-up. 
 
At the operating level, performance remained stable despite the addition 
of new capacity. Operating EBITDA stood at INR 224 crore, up 11% year-
on-year, with margins at 18.9%. Core hospitals and clinics delivered 12% 
growth in operating EBITDA, with margins of 21.4%, reflecting steady 
execution across established assets. 
 
While reported margins reflect the impact of recently commissioned 
capacity, the core operating performance of the mature network 
continues to demonstrate strong operating leverage. Excluding the newly 
commissioned Kasargod hospital, revenue and operating EBITDA grew 
12% and 17% year-on-year, respectively, with operating EBITDA margins 
expanding by 90 basis points to 20.2%. 
 
This like-for-like performance reinforces the strength of the established 
hospital portfolio and the predictability of the maturity curve across the 
network. Core hospitals and clinics delivered 18% growth in operating 
EBITDA, with margins improving to 22.8%. Excluding Kasargod, Normalised 
PAT grew 22% year-on-year, reflecting improved profitability. Normalised 
PAT excludes the impact of provisions related to the revised labour code. 
Sunil would explain about it in detail later in the call. Within this overall 
performance, the Kerala cluster continued to anchor stability and 
profitability, reflecting the maturity and depth of the network following its 
turnaround. Inpatient volumes grew 11% year-on-year, and 8% excluding 
Kasargod, indicating healthy underlying demand. Revenues grew nearly 
20% year-on-year, while operating EBITDA margins remained strong at 
25.4% excluding Kasargod led by cost efficiencies and operational 
leverage. 
 
Kerala remains a key earnings and cash-generation anchor for the 
platform, absorbing growth investments elsewhere while maintaining high 
operating discipline. 
 
The K&M cluster saw a relatively softer performance during the quarter, 
primarily due to temporary volume moderation from seasonality, scheme 
rationalisation, and a few clinician movements. Proactive hiring and 
retention initiatives are underway to strengthen clinical depth and 
execution capabilities. With these measures in place, the K&M cluster is 
well positioned to deliver improved performance and accelerated growth 
in the coming quarters. 
 
Overall, Aster continues to deliver consistent earnings quality and 
operating discipline, reinforcing its role as a key engine within the 
combined platform. 
 
Our growth strategy continues to balance near-term operating 
performance with long-term capacity creation, with a clear focus on 
disciplined expansion and return-led deployment. 
 
Over the past year, we added more than 320 beds, taking Aster’s total 
capacity to 5,451 beds as of December 31, 2025. This includes recent 
commissioning of new capacity, including Kasargod, which expanded our 
India network to 20 hospitals. 
 
Since commissioning, the Kasargod hospital has demonstrated a steady 
and encouraging ramp-up, with outpatient footfall averaging around 400 
patients per day, rising inpatient admissions, and over 120 doctors 
onboarded, establishing a strong clinical and operational foundation from 
the outset. 
 
Beyond Kasargod, Aster plans to add over 2,300 beds over the coming 

5 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
years through a balanced mix of brownfield expansions and greenfield 
projects, taking total capacity to over 7,800 beds. This pipeline is phased 
and aligned with demand visibility, ensuring growth remains disciplined 
and capital efficient. 
 
We also increased our stake in Aster Aadhar Hospital by 12% taking our 
total ownership to 99%, and we are in advanced stages of acquiring full 
ownership, further strengthening operational control and integration 
within the platform. 
 
During the quarter, Aster continued to receive strong external recognition 
across leadership, clinical excellence, and innovation, reinforcing the 
depth and quality of the platform we are building. 
 
Dr. Azad Moopen, our Founder Chairman, was honoured with a Lifetime 
Achievement Award by Mount Judi Ventures and recognised as Visionary 
Leader in Healthcare at the Elets Healthcare Innovation Summit. 
 
At the same summit, Aster DM Healthcare was awarded Best Hospital 
Chain of the Year, with Aster RV recognised as Best Multispecialty Hospital, 
and Aster Whitefield receiving awards for excellence in cardiology, 
pulmonology, and urology. 
 
Aster hospitals also received top rankings at The Week India Health 
Summit 2025, with Aster MIMS Calicut ranked as the number one 
multispecialty hospital, Aster Medcity Kochi ranked second among 
multispecialty hospitals, and Aster CMI Bangalore recognised as the 
second-best emerging multispecialty hospital. 
 
In addition, the Group was recognised among India’s Top 500 Value 
Creators by Dun and Bradstreet, and Aster Digital India received the 
Innovation – New Initiatives Award at the 24th Data Center Summit and 
Awards. 
 
To conclude, Aster delivered a resilient and well-balanced performance 
during the quarter, supported by steady growth across core hospitals, an 
improving case mix, disciplined cost management, and continued 
strengthening of clinical talent and leadership depth across the network. 
 
Our consistent approach to operating execution, steady progress on 
capacity expansion, and focused investments in people and systems have 
further reinforced the stability and scalability of our regional platforms. 
 
As we move through the final stages of the regulatory process for the 
proposed merger with Quality Care, our focus remains firmly on execution 
excellence, capital efficiency, and building a clinically strong and scalable 
organisations, while continuing to deliver consistent operating 
performance. 
 
By deepening leadership capabilities and attracting high-quality medical 
talent, we believe we are well positioned to deliver accessible, high-quality 
healthcare at scale and create sustainable long-term value for all 
stakeholders. 
 
I now invite Mr. Varun Khanna, to take you through the QCIL performance. 
Varun Khanna: 
Good morning and wish you a very happy 2026. 
 
This quarter demonstrates continued growth momentum and value 
creation from disciplined execution of initiatives launched earlier. During 
the quarter, we have strengthened our micro-market leadership through 
focused investments in clinical capabilities and infrastructure, while 
maintaining rigor in our approach to bed capacity expansion. 
 
Overall performance in Q3 was strong, with revenue rising 17.3% year-on-
year to INR 1,181 crore, while post-Ind AS EBITDA increased 32.0% year-
on-year to INR 279 crore. The post-Ind AS EBITDA margin expanded by 265 
basis points year-on-year to 23.7% in Q3 FY26. 

6 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Revenue growth during the quarter was driven by increase in IP and OP 
volumes (8% year-on-year for both), improvement in specialty mix-with 
CONGO-T share increasing by 60 basis points to 57.6% and a favorable 
shift in payor mix, as the share of cash and insurance business rose by 100 
basis points to 80.1%. 
 
Total ARPOB increased 12.2% year-on-year to ~INR 47,000 in Q3 FY26 
(from ~INR 42,000 in Q3 FY25), driven by improvements in specialty mix, 
payor mix, and a 3.4% year-on-year reduction in ALOS to 3.9 days (from 
4.1 days in Q3 FY25). 
 
EBITDA growth also reflects the early success of key synergy initiatives, 
including procurement centralization and new clinical talent hiring 
implemented in H1 FY26. Continued focus on clinical talent recruitment 
and management, along with the strong ramp-up of the Nagercoil unit 
launched in October 2024, which has already started contributing to 
profitability in a meaningful way. 
 
During the quarter, mature units (~60% of revenue) delivered 12.9% year-
on-year revenue growth and 18.8% year-on-year EBITDA growth, 
achieving a margin of 32.8% an expansion of ~160 basis points year-on-
year primarily driven by procurement synergies and doctor cost 
optimization initiatives. 
 
Emerging units (~7% of revenue) continued to scale well, recording 15.6% 
quarter-on-quarter EBITDA growth with a margin of 13.3%, reflecting a 
~140 basis points quarter-on-quarter expansion. EBITDA improved year-
on-year, increasing from a loss of INR 1 crore to a profit of INR 10 crore 
 
Focus units (~29% of revenue) delivered robust 19.1% year-on-year 
revenue and 68.1% year-on-year EBITDA growth and achieved a 17.8% 
margin, representing a ~520 basis points year-on-year expansion, driven 
by sustained emphasis on operating excellence across the business. 
 
We continue to draw top-tier talent from across the healthcare ecosystem 
and over the past few months, we have built out a strong leadership 
bringing a wealth of experience from across the industry. Given our 
leaders’ complementary experience and expertise, we feel well placed as 
we enter our next phase of growth and excellence in care. 
 
We have been continuously advancing our doctor hiring models in a 
structured manner and have onboarded over 100 clinicians across the 
network during YTD FY26. While these initiatives were launched a few 
quarters ago, this quarter has shown significant progress-with the 
Monthly Recurring Revenue (MRR) from the newly hired clinician cohorts 
reaching INR 24 crore. 
 
Moreover, these new hires have been instrumental in driving a shift 
toward higher-acuity care, with our CONGO-T share increasing by 60 basis 
points year-on-year to 57.6%.  
 
Our commitment to advancing clinical excellence has driven several 
notable milestones. We performed the first Matched Unrelated Donor 
(MUD) transplant at KIMS and carried out the first cadaveric transplant at 
Aurangabad, earning recognition as an authorized cadaveric transplant 
canter. Additionally, our surgical oncology and urology teams at Nagercoil 
successfully executed a rare and complex laparoscopic resection of a large 
retroperitoneal tumor in an 11-year-old boy, demonstrating our 
commitment to bringing the highest quality of care to Tier 2 and Tier 3 

7 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
markets. 
 
We have also reduced our ALOS by 3.4% year-on-year to 3.9 days, through 
focus on clinical protocols. 
 
As part of the expansion of our clinical programs, we have committed to 
investments in advanced, future-ready technologies to enhance clinical 
outcomes and expand access to specialized care. Through our partnership 
with Elekta, we are deploying five linear accelerators (LINACs) across our 
network, along with the network’s first advanced central planning system 
in oncology. This strengthens clinical decision-making, standardizes care 
delivery, and enables technology-driven collaboration with expert 
clinicians. 
 
In parallel, we are strategically scaling our Robotics Program through a 
newly established partnership with Intuitive Surgical. With the planned 
acquisition of five robotic systems, we are the first organization to 
implement robotic surgery at scale across Tier 2 markets. This initiative is 
our effort to democratize access to cutting-edge surgical care, ensuring 
patients benefit from the latest advancements in gastroenterology, 
general surgery & gynecology. 
 
Expansion continues to be a key strategic priority. We remain committed 
to strengthening our presence in existing markets and entering new ones 
through brownfield expansions, strategic M&A, and greenfield 
developments. Our enhanced near- to medium-term growth plan includes 
an investment of around INR 2,000 crores to add over 1,700 beds in the 
next 3-4 years. In line with our mission to improve accessibility to high 
quality care, ~1,300 of the 1,700+ beds will be added in non-Metro / tier-
2 / tier-3 markets. 
 
Our efforts continue to be recognized across the industry. Some key 
accolades we received during the quarter include: 
 
Visionary Healthcare Leadership Award at the AHPI Annual Conference, 
KIMSHEALTH Trivandrum received the Kerala Health & Medical Tourism  
Award from the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII). 
AHPI conferred the Best Emerging Hospital Award to CARE Hospitals, 
Nagercoil.  
 
Thank you and I’ll pass on to Ramesh 
Ramesh Kumar:  
Thank you, Varun, and good morning, everyone. 
 
I’ll take a few minutes to walk you through the performance of each of our 
clusters this quarter and share an update on our operational priorities and 
team strengthening processes. 
 
Let me begin with Kerala, which was the clear standout cluster this quarter 
and continues to anchor the company’s performance. The cluster 
delivered a strong year-on-year performance in Q3 FY26, with revenues of 
INR 629 crore, growing 20% year-on-year. Excluding Kasargod, revenues 
increased 19% year-on-year to INR 619 crores, highlighting the sustained 
strength of the core hospitals and the ability to grow on an elevated base 
established earlier in the year. 
 
Performance during the quarter reflected continued momentum post 
recovery, with underlying demand remaining stable. Revenue growth was 
also driven by strong growth in MVT revenues growing 64% year-on-year, 
led by higher international patient footfall from Maldives, Oman, and 

8 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
other Middle Eastern markets. This was complemented by sustained 
growth in oncology revenues and the initial ramp-up of the newly 
operationalised Kasargod hospital. Inpatient volumes grew 11% year-on-
year, while ARPP IP increased 7%, supported by an improved case mix led 
by a higher share of complex procedures, particularly in Oncology. 
 
From a profitability standpoint, Operating EBITDA increased 18% year-on-
year to INR 144 crore. Excluding Kasargod, Operating EBITDA grew 28% 
year-on-year to INR 157 crore, with margins expanding by 190 basis points 
to 25.4%. Margin expansion was driven by operating leverage across 
mature assets, continued reduction in ALOS, and disciplined cost 
management across manpower and overheads, even as oncology-led 
growth resulted in higher material intensity. 
 
With close to 3,000 capacity beds, a stable leadership structure, and a 
clear expansion runway the Kerala cluster remains well positioned to 
sustain momentum, compound growth over the medium term, and 
deliver best-in-class profitability. 
 
Turning to the K&M cluster, revenue grew 7% year-on-year to INR 383 
crore in Q3 FY26, supported by a strong 17% increase in Inpatient ARPP, 
despite a 9% year-on-year decline in inpatient volumes. Volume softness 
was largely due to the discontinuation of the state scheme at Aster 
Aadhar, and a few clinician movements due to heightened competitive 
intensity in select Bengaluru micro market. Operating EBITDA grew 5% 
year-on-year, with margins at 21.9%, despite higher material costs linked 
to oncology.  
 
Furthermore, proactive hiring and retention initiatives are being 
implemented to strengthen clinical depth and execution capabilities. With 
these measures in place, the K&M cluster is well positioned to drive 
improved performance and accelerated growth in the coming quarters. 
 
Turning to the A&T cluster, Revenue grew 13% year-on-year to INR 137 
crore in Q3 FY26, driven by a 4% increase in inpatient volumes and a 10% 
improvement in ARPP IP, reflecting a better case mix and pricing discipline. 
From a profitability perspective, operating EBITDA increased 7% year-on-
year with margins at 13.2% despite increase in clinical manpower cost. 
However, there has been a sequential margin improvement from 7.9% in 
Q1 FY26 to 13.2% in Q3 FY26. 
 
Overall, the quarter reflects steady execution across clusters, with Kerala 
continuing to anchor growth and profitability, and K&M and A&T making 
progress on revenue quality and operational discipline. With focused 
interventions underway and a balanced growth strategy, the platform 
remains well positioned to sustain momentum and deliver consistent 
performance in the coming quarters. 
 
Thank you. I’ll now hand it over to Sunil for a detailed review of the 
financial performance 
Sunil Kumar:  
Good morning, everyone. I am pleased to share Aster DM Healthcare’s 
financial performance for Q3 FY26: 
For the quarter ended 31st December 2025, excluding our newly launched 
Kasargod hospital, revenues have increased to INR 1,176 crores, up by 
12% from INR 1,050 crores in Q3 FY25 and Operating EBIDTA has increased 
to INR 237 crore with a margin of 20.2% compared to INR 202 crore in Q3 
FY25 with a growth of 17%. Normalised PAT (Post NCI) for Q3 FY26 is at 
INR 98 crore compared to INR 81 crore in Q3 FY25 with growth of 22% 

9 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
year-on-year. 
Similarly for the 9 months ended 31st December 2025, India revenues 
have increased to INR 3,451 crores, up by 10% from INR 3,138 crores in 
9M FY25 and Operating EBIDTA has increased to INR  715 crores with the 
margin of 20.7% compared to INR 613 crores in 9M FY25 with a growth of 
17%. Normalised PAT (Post NCI) for 9M FY26 is at INR 298 crores compared 
to INR 251 crores in 9M FY25 with growth of 19% year-on-year. 
Our PAT for the quarter was impacted by a one-time exceptional expense 
related to the implementation of the new labour code, amounting to INR 
27.9 crore. This includes a provision of INR 26.3 crore towards gratuity and 
INR 1.6 crore towards compensated absences. 
Moving to segmental performance, our hospital segment continued to 
deliver a consistent and strong performance during the quarter. Excluding 
Kasargod, revenues grew by a healthy 14% year-on-year, while EBITDA 
grew by 18%, leading to an 80-basis-point improvement in margins. 
Importantly, performance was consistent across hospitals at different 
stages of maturity. 
Our mature hospitals [above 7 years] delivered 14% revenue growth and 
17% EBITDA growth, operating at a robust ROCE of 36.2%. Hospitals in the 
3–7-year maturity bucket recorded 10% revenue growth and a strong 28% 
growth in EBITDA, with ROCE improving by 470 basis points to 25.7%. Our 
newer assets, which are less than 3 years old, saw revenue growth of 19%. 
Turning to our diagnostics business, I am pleased to share that Aster Labs 
has successfully delivered a turnaround since the start of FY25. EBITDA 
margins have expanded from -7.6% in FY24 to +7.6% in FY25 to +12.2% in 
YTD FY26, driven by a robust 35% year-on-year growth in external 
business, enhanced operating leverage, and improved material cost 
efficiencies. This turnaround has translated into a healthy ROCE of 27%, a 
remarkable recovery from the negative levels a year ago. 
On the wholesale pharmacy front, we took a strategic call last year to 
outsource the loss-making part of this segment. While this decision led to 
a reduction in reported revenues, it has materially improved profitability. 
For the first 9 months, EBITDA margins improved to 1.8%, compared to 
negative margins in the same period last year. Importantly, this 
improvement is sustaining, with the segment delivering EBITDA margins 
of 2.2% in the most recent quarter and moving to positive ROCE for the 
first time. 
As of 9M FY26, our total capital expenditure stood at INR 406 crore, with 
nearly 50% allocated towards expansion projects. We continue to 
maintain a robust liquidity position, with cash and cash equivalents of INR 
1,255 crore, while our gross debt remains moderate at INR 631 crore. 
Additionally, we have seen a significant improvement in Return on Capital 
Employed (ROCE), which has increased by over 260 basis points - from 
19.5% to 22.1%. 
With this, we have laid a solid foundation for future growth. As we move 
into future, we are confident of building on this momentum with the same 
discipline and focus. 
On that note, I conclude my remarks and hand it over to Puneet to begin 
the Q&A session.   
 

10 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thank you, Sunil. Dear participants, during the Q&A session, you will get a 
chance to ask a question by raising your hands through the raise hand icon 
in the Zoom application at the bottom of your window. We will call out 
your name after which your line will be un-muted, and you will be able to 
ask your questions. I would also like to request to all the participants, if 
you can introduce yourself with your name and the company that you are 
associated with before asking the question.  
If you are not associated with any company, if you are an individual 
investor, you can highlight that as well.  
Moving on to the Q&A session now, the first question is from Mr. Tausif. 
Tausif, can you please unmute yourself and ask the question.  
 
Tausif Shaikh:  
Thanks, Puneet.  
Hi, this is Tausif from BNP Paribas.  My first question is to Ramesh on the 
performance of Kerala Flagship Hospital, Aster Medcity.  
 
We have seen a more than 20% growth this quarter.  Can you give us more 
color on this performance and especially how much delta has been driven 
by the MVT volumes and whether this growth in the MVT is sustainable or 
not. And the overall Kerala business, are we seeing a volume increase for 
the overall MVT or is it just about Aster DM Healthcare? 
 
Ramesh Kumar:  
Thank you, Tausif, for that question and I am sure you rightly highlighted 
about the flagship of Aster, it has really grown well.  If you really look at the 
performance, few months back, we always had the issue of sometimes the 
leadership issue and the MVT growth. So, you have rightly pointed out all 
this has been taken care of. We have a solid leadership there at the ground 
level. We are able to build on, add more clinicians to the system that is also 
brought in lot of the top line revenue and certain programs like the robotic 
program have taken off very well.  In fact, there are months that around 
80-90 surgeries of robotic program have been done. So, the overall 
performance consistently it has been doing around INR 90 crores and 
above for the last 5-6 months. So, that has been the performance of the 
flagship. 
 
And since you touched upon the MVT, MVT has grown by 64%. So, that 
clearly shows that we are back on MVT.  And especially from Maldives and 
Oman is what our patients are flowing in. I think this is definitely 
sustainable because there was a temporary setback for these patients not 
coming back. And I think we have started driving them back. And we have 
a proper engagement with both Maldives and Omani patients as well.  So 
that's where it stands. And I'm sure it will continue. Flagship will definitely 
contribute. And other units of Kerala have also started doing exceedingly 
well, including MIMS, Calicut, and the new unit added is also performing 
very well, Kasargod. So, the entire Kerala cluster will sustain, and you can 
see a significant growth and with very good margins. It has given 25.5% 
operating margins as well. 
 
Tausif Shaikh:  
That's helpful. My second question is on the Karnataka cluster. This 
quarter we have seen occupancy dip to 55% from 60%.  Earlier while you 
have highlighted there is some movement of clinicians, but can you give 
us more color, means in which segment the clinicians have moved out, 
have we able to fill in the gaps and when we can expect a Normalised 
business?  
 
Ramesh Kumar:  
So, K&M cluster, as we look at, let me tell you the good news that ARPP IP 
has grown by 17%.  That clearly says that we are in a strong footing in 
Karnataka, especially when it comes to the CONGO-T mix, and especially 

11 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
in that Oncology and Neuroscience have been contributing very well.  And 
of course, our facility, Whitefield facility continued to contribute 14% of 
the growth.  So, it clearly says that we are on a strong footing.  Yes, coming 
to the other two units, Aster RV and the 2 micro-markets, one is South and 
the other one is Aster CMI North. Yes, here, as you rightly mentioned, we 
have been performing with the CONGO-T again, I'm talking on oncology 
has been doing very well across all the three units. And, of course, 
transplant as well in these two units. So, the market has, I mean, even 
though there have been a lot of competition in the market, and there is 
some attrition of clinicians, we are able to replace all those clinicians, and 
most of them are either intensivists, anesthetists or even for that matter, 
revenue generating doctors as well.  But if I say for example, in Aster CMI, 
if I would have had the pediatric team moving out, we have onboarded 
some of the best clinicians, best, well renowned pediatric team on board. 
So, the replacement has also been happening in a fashion that we hire the 
best of the clinician on board.  So that's where I think we'll be not only 
replacing, we'll also be adding new clinicians. Way forward we are, and 
the good news is there are some clinicians who have already left us they 
are also rejoining Aster. That clearly shows that, our mantra which we say 
that we will treat you well and most of the clinicians happy rejoining us.  
That's a very good news. So, way forward, our plans are to hire more 
clinicians, ensure that we have the right clinicians and well-renowned 
clinicians on board to contribute and have a steady growth happening for 
Bangalore. 
 
Tausif Shaikh:  
Ramesh, just last one on the ARPOB levels of Bangalore clusters.  Have we 
reached an optimal level of case-mix in Bangalore? And what is the 
sustainable level of ARPOB levels one could see? Whether one can assume 
75,000 and from there whatever the industry growth of 6% to 7%? 
 
Ramesh Kumar: 
Yeah, there is a headroom for growth, as I rightly said, once we start 
progressing well with our CONGO-T, which will be our focus for Bangalore 
as well. The ARPOB would also, you know, which should move to another 
from whatever, INR 77,000 to furthermore, it can add another 6-7% more, 
is what I foresee in the coming days. 
 
Tausif Shaikh:  
But for a mature hospital in Bangalore, the levels would be 75,000 to 
80,000, right? 
 
Ramesh Kumar: 
Yeah. It should be 75,000 or so. 
 
Tausif Shaikh: 
Thanks, I’ll get back in the queue. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thank you, Tausif. The next question is from Mr. Amey. Can you please 
unmute yourself and ask the question please? 
 
Amey Chalke:  
Thank you for giving me an opportunity and congrats to the management 
for good numbers. So, the first question I have on the QCIL front, we have 
shown really good improvement this quarter on the margin front. Is it 
driven solely by the QCIL efforts on each of these assets or is there also 
impact of synergies which we have started seeing in QCIL? Thank you so 
much. 
 
Varun Khanna: 
So, Amey first of all, thank you. Yes, the numbers look good. Amey, I think 
the question, as I understand, we do have synergies, I told you previously 
as well, we do have synergies, but that's not the QCIL-Aster synergies.  

12 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Those synergies will only play out post the merger, post the regulatory 
approvals come in. We had, even in QCIL, we had synergies that played 
out between KIMS and CARE and Evercare, those synergies are playing 
out. We started working on them about a year back and that's led to a 
significant upside.  We've also had significant business improvement. 
 
I touched upon it but let me emphasize them again. Our payor mix is 
getting better. We've actually moved to 80%+ payor mix now.  And just to 
give you a sense, I think a few years back, this was 76%, 77%.  So there's a 
very significant shift that is happening. Our CONGO-T continues to get 
significantly improved.  I alluded the fact that we've been hiring a lot of 
clinicians, almost 100-odd clinicians have been hired in the last three 
quarters.  The monthly impact of these new clinicians coming on board is 
about INR 24 crore which is sizable. And we've been able to restrict any 
consultant leaving. So, the good part is that anything that we are hiring 
today is accretive. I also give you a sense by, various categories, as you 
know, that, we've always emphasized that we work on a mature, 
emerging, underperforming and focus, mature continues to grow very 
well.  
And we've seen about 18-19% kind of EBITDA growth rate on them. The 
other categories are firing as well. So, you know, wherever we had some 
challenges, wherever EBITDA wasn't looking good. For instance, we had 
the focus units where EBITDA wasn't looking very good, and which is why 
they got categorized in focus units. And there was a reasonable number, 
28-29% of the value of our business was coming from that.  There we've 
seen a 19% growth on the top line, and the bottom line has grown about 
70% which also means or translates into 550 basis points of improvement 
on the EBITDA percentage. This is largely led by the value growth or the 
top-line growth and the initiatives that we've taken. So, I hope that 
answers your question. 
 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure, so, basically, the synergies led by the combined procurement of 
pharmacies, etc., that is likely to play out only post-merger, what you 
mean to say?  
 
Varun Khanna: 
Absolutely. So, if you are, again, if you are alluding to synergies between 
QCIL and Aster, those synergies will only play out post-merger. So, there 
are no synergy impacts of the proposed merger in the QCIL results. 
 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. And what would be the quantum for these synergies? The reason I'm 
asking this because the next year, if you look at for the combined entity, 
we are adding on almost 900 beds, of which 700 beds are greenfield, 
where QCIL is only adding 200 beds, which I suppose are brownfield.  This 
number has cut down sizably from last quarter. So, the next year seems to 
be a high greenfield year, where there would be losses to recoup. So, will 
these synergies be able to recoup these losses? 
 
Varun Khanna: 
Well, let me take a part of it and pass on the part to Sunil to handle. So, 
we will see some bed growth which is coming in. And the bed growth that 
we are looking at essentially may not be margin-dilutive because a large 
part of these beds is coming in Bhubaneswar, which is a facility for us that 
does very well. Bhubaneswar, we are maxed for capacity. So, we can really 
take more patients. It's a highly profitable asset for us. And we are also 
adding to the acuity, we are adding oncology there. So, I don't think these 
will be dilutive on margins, is one part of it.  Some of the beds that are 
going to be added in Raipur will also not be margin dilutive, we will be able 
to enhance again acuity there because one of our linear accelerators is 

13 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
coming there. So that too doesn't seem to be a concern, if that's a 
question. On the margin piece for the blended or the merged entity, I'm 
going to pass this question to Sunil.   
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Thank you, Varun. Amey, see with respect to next year, what we are 
expecting is that because one of the things which has changed is the 
Sarjapur road hospital, right? So, what has happened is that it took us 
some time to get the drawing approvals and all and construction has just 
started, basically the interiors and everything. So, it should come mostly 
in the Feb-end of FY27, that's where we moved it to the beginning of FY28.  
That means to say we'll have only two greenfield projects next year. And 
also, if you've seen the merger date also, right, we are expecting sometime 
in Q1. So, for sure you can be very sure on, when the operations will 
happen of these 2 greenfield. Because out of the Hyderabad and the 
Trivandrum, Trivandrum is expected to operationalise first and sometime 
in the beginning of H2, right. I am hoping that before that the merger 
should happen. And second is that it is related to the Hyderabad hospital, 
which is women and children care, and that should happen sometime in 
the second half of the H2, of next year. So, keeping that in mind, the 
timeline, I don't think so it will have a very considerable impact for the 
financial year. It will be very similar to Kasargod, right? It will happen only 
in the second half. And you'll see it's not going to impact even the full year 
margins. Also, it's very, very important, Amey, to note that both in 
Trivandrum and Hyderabad, we have the QCIL assets already there, right? 
 
We can get the network benefit, which is a very, very important thing.  And 
Trivandrum, we have called out previously also. It's very, very under-
penetrate from a corporate, you know, private quality beds per se. KIMS 
have been the leader there. And we're expecting to get the network 
benefit in Trivandrum to have a very, very good launch, attract the good 
clinicians locally, and we're able to drive the ramp up. And that's what 
we're showing in a city which is only 1.5 million. We're talking about 
ramping up to, within 3 months, 400 patients, OP patients per day, and 
50-60 occupant beds in a day. And same thing in Hyderabad also.  
Hyderabad has got CARE and has got good assets.  And our asset, women 
and children, is very much strategically situated in IT geography. So, we 
expect it to do really, really well.  
 
Hitesh Dhaddha: 
So, I just want to add here that, as you saw, the combined number, more 
than 50% of the beds are actually coming are greenfield in nature. And 
plus, the synergy element that we have guided that we expect 10-15% of 
EBITDA coming in form of synergies over the next 2-3 years. Putting all of 
that in perspective, we don't want to guide you on every quarter. I think 
for us, what's important is, we reach to those 24% - 25% margin threshold 
in 2-3 years. The answer is probably yes that we intend to do that. And I 
think we see that moving forward. I mean, there will be a few quarters 
that you will see because of new capacities coming in. You will see that 
excluding those projects, the momentum continues, but there will be 
some impact because of those new projects coming in. But I think it's 
important to have clarity on that we are looking for a 24%-25% margin 
with a sizable expansion and capacity volumes as well as top line as we 
move forward.   
 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. Thank you so much that answers the questions.  
This last question if I can squeeze in on Bangladesh because there has 
been a lot of concerns from the investor side how this unit cluster is 
performing for QCIL over the last 9 months since there have been a lot of 

14 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
social issues there and any thoughts on the minority stake as well in that 
entity. Thank you so much. I will join back the queue.  
 
Varun Khanna: 
Thank you, Amey. So, Bangladesh has also done well for us and is in line     
with our overall performance. The top line growth for Bangladesh for the 
year, and I think, that is the question you had. You didn't ask for a quarter, 
you asked for YTD, is at about 21-odd percent. And I've said this earlier, 
Bangladesh does get influenced by certain external factors, but the fact of 
the matter is that we happen to be the best place for patients in 
Bangladesh.  And therefore, we spring back our volumes very, very quickly.  
So, yeah, that's, the strength of Bangladesh continues. 
 
 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. Any thoughts on the minority interest? Are we going to buy back this 
minority interest or how is it going to stay? Thank you. 
 
Varun Khanna: 
Amey, thanks for the question. But I think, we do not want to give a very 
leading comment on this. We will keep you posted as and when we have 
a decision on this. 
 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. Thank you sir.  
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks Amey. The next participant who is asking question is Ms. 
Damayanti. If you unmute yourself and ask the question. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Yeah, hi. Thank you for the opportunity, and I hope I'm audible. Yes, so my 
first question is on your Kasargod unit, which just started. So how do you 
see the trajectory for scale up of this unit, and when we should be 
expecting unit to turn cost neutral? So that's my first point. And then I 
have some other questions on the new units. I’ll come back. 
 
Alisha Moopen: 
Sunil, do you want to go ahead? 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Yeah, Damayanti. So, I think I called out on the Kasargod unit. It has done 
really, really well. As I said, in the third month, because the ARPOB’s are 
quite lower being a Tier-3 city, right? So ARPOB are only at INR 31,000. 
With that, we are able to ramp up to 50-55 beds only in the third month 
with more than 400 patients, right? So, losses have drastically reduced to 
only around INR 2-2.5 crores per month.  
So, if the trend continues, the growth what we had in the first 3 months. 
So, I think within the next one quarter, I think we should be able to break 
even. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
So, you're comfortable about covering up all the costs in short term, right?  
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Yeah, because we already added all the key clinicians. We added more 
than 100+ clinicians with more than 40-50 RGDs. And also look at the 
CONGO-T mix there.  Already CONGO-T mix for new hospitals is more than 
46%. That's really good. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay, that's, I think, helpful. My second question is on your Women and 
Child Hospital in Hyderabad, where I believe we had seen some shift in the 
timeline and now you're indicating that to start in the second half. So, if 
you can just, update, you know, if it is H2 the time when you are confident 
about launching the unit and in preparation of entering that space, what 
kind of hiring or other preparations are currently underway. 
 

15 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Alisha Moopen: 
Ramesh, would you like to?  
 
 
Ramesh Kumar: 
Yeah, so as you see that it's a women and child project, broad specialty.  
What I mean to say it is, sorry, it is a multi-specialty of women and child.  
Multi-specialty means we are going to have all specialty of women, 
especially to start with oncology, not only maternity cases, gynecological 
cases. We are also looking at other super-specialization of women alone 
and also the children. The all-sub-specialties of children as well. 
 
So as far as that's the concept of the hospital. So, actually we wanted to 
add a bunker now in between. So that's where the timeline got shifted a 
little bit. But nevertheless, as projected timelines, we will be 
commissioning. And side by side, we are looking into the talent pool as 
well.  And since the concept is all there, we are also looking at which talent 
can be hired and how to kickstart so, all the plans are in place and sure 
shot we will be coming up at the given timeline. 
 
Alisha Moopen: 
So, Ms. Damayanti, just to add to what Ramesh is saying, we have had 
other women and children at Kottakkal before as well as within Whitefield 
Hospital there is a women and children block. So, we have done this 
before. The delay has been slightly because we wanted to change the 
configuration of how many beds are for women compared to how many 
for children and also work with sort of the QCIL team on how do we kind 
of leverage this network that Quality Care has in Hyderabad. And exactly 
like you said, there's a lot of review happening in terms of onboarding of 
the right clinical talent for a specialized care for the women's hospital 
largely in Hyderabad. So, the preparations are on. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Thanks Alisha. So just want to understand, out of the total capacity which 
you are planning for this facility, how much will be for the pediatrician part 
and how much will be for women care? 
 
Alisha Moopen: 
So, the majority will be for women. So, I don't want to give exactly the 
number because we still have some flexibility.  But sort of more than 60% 
will be for women's care. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. My last question is on the talent movement in Karnataka cluster 
which we already discussed, and you mentioned you are preparing some 
strategy to retain the best doctors in your team etc.  So, if you can highlight 
a bit about how the competition is shaping up in terms of getting the best 
talent as we see more competitors coming into this market, especially 
Bengaluru. And what are your key strategies to retain your core doctor 
team there? 
 
Ramesh Kumar: 
Yeah, so I think I have again called out, but still, I would like to repeat the 
same. One, we are as rightly, we are looking at how to retain an existing 
clinician, so that is, of course, many of them are quite happy and 
contented with the Aster itself. They don't want to because as we go by 
our, you know, what do you call the tagline, we will treat you well. They're 
quite happy with the culture of Aster. So many of the senior clinicians are 
quite happy to be with us only. And those who have, and I did mention 
about some of them, few of them who had left, they would like to come 
back. So that is also one good thing what we see. 
 
Now, further, we are looking at what are the best talent available in 
Bengaluru. We look into the top 1, 2, 3, for example, what in the CONGO-
T mix we want to see who are the top 1, 2, 3 clinicians and we would like 
to onboard them, engage them. We are putting all the efforts and shortly 

16 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
you will hear some very big names associated with us. So that’s the way 
forward plan. We are trying to get the best of the clinicians on board. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure. Thank you, team. I will get back in the queue. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks, Damayanti. I would like to put a reminder to all the attendees who 
would like to ask a question. Please raise your hand and ask the question.  
With this now we have next participant Mr. Kunal Randeria. Kunal can you 
please unmute yourself and ask the question. 
 
Kunal Randeria: 
Hi, Good morning, everyone. My question is around the expansion plans.  
I would like a few clarifications. So, in Kasargod, for example, you have 
264-bed expansion, but those are bed capacity, right? So how many bed 
will be operational? Because you have 80 census beds for now. So, when 
will the remaining come and how much should be the total operational 
beds there?   
 
Sunil Kumar: 
So, thanks Kunal for the question. See, we said that 264 beds are the total 
capacity beds. Out of that, census beds are approximately 183-185 census 
beds and balance around 80 beds are non-census beds. That's a broad 
break up on it. When you talk about the operational, usually non-census 
beds gets operational very quickly because there you're talking about 
emergency, daycare and few other pre-op, post-op beds, right. Those 
mostly usually get operational in the first year. But mainly it takes time for 
the census beds to get operational. As you said, currently we are at 80 
beds now the question is how fast we can ramp up to 180 beds, so, what 
we have always seen is that even when you looked at Kannur previously, 
because that was the first hospital in that micro market, we were able to 
ramp up very, very quickly. If the current trend of Q1 does, and I think very 
quickly we should be able to ramp it up to the 180 beds.  
 
Kunal Randeria: 
Right. So, fair enough. And for the remaining 750 beds that you're going 
to add in FY27 in Hyderabad and Trivandrum, will the ratio be 
approximately the same? 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
See, usually 75-80%. Around 75% is the census beds and 25% is the non-
census beds. That's a mix you should keep in mind whenever you're doing 
your modeling. 
 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sure. But then, just for a modeling purpose, how many beds would be, you 
know, the census beds coming on stream in FY27?   
 
Suni Kumar: 
See, usually, always we start between 75-80 beds, that’s a usual start, like, 
what we did in Kasargod also. It all depends on the ramp up. Whenever on 
the operationalized beds you hit between 60-65% occupancy, you start 
adding 30 beds. So, usually what we have seen is that wherever the micro-
market is very strong, like a Tier-2 city, we have seen the ramp-up to 
happen to a complete capacity between, again, if it's a 500-bed hospital, 
you're looking at 5-6 years. But if it's a micro-market as strong as 
Bengaluru, it may take another 2-3 years longer. That’s a broad guidance 
what I can give you.  
 
Kunal Randeria: 
That’s very helpful. Thank you. My second question is on Kerala. Now 
obviously, since the last one year there has been a massive change in how 
this has spanned out. Earlier, the occupancy used to be very high. ARPOB 
used to be depressed. So, I understand the discounting and all would have 

17 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
come off. But now, we are seeing very sharp ARPOB growth. So, what is it 
that's changed? Have you added a lot of specialties in your hospital that's 
driving your growth? Because for an asset that's been mature and there's 
been a sea of change in one year itself. So, I just want to understand how 
much of this is sustainable. 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
I'll ask Ramesh to come in after I add a very technical part of it. So, Kunal, 
if you look at ARPOB percentage growth in Kerala, the majority of that is 
coming because of ALOS. ALOS is almost 7%. If you remove that, ARPP 
level, it's around 8-9%. But if you go to the ARPP IP, that's around 7-7.5%.  
So, I don't think so 7-7.5% is a very mature growth for, you know, so with 
the 2,500 beds or 2,800 beds what we have today. So, even that's what I 
think, you know, previously also we've given that understanding that, very 
important to know in Kerala is that, Kerala almost, in the north of Kerala, 
75-80% is a cash patient, still the insurance penetration is quite less. But 
as compared to a central Kerala where we have the flagship hospital in 
Kochi, still the cash patients are almost 60%. Keeping that in mind, you can 
continue to expect the ARPP, better not to track the ARPOB because there 
will always be a movement because of the case mix, or the procedure mix, 
or the specialty mix changing. You always see ALOS going up and down.  
That's more of a misnomer. Better to control on the ARPP IP. ARPP IP think 
in the future between 6-8% is a growth in a mid-term. I'm talking about 
around 3-4 years. It's something you can expect in Kerala for sure. And the 
most important thing, why it will also drive is that I told you about the 
payor mix. In addition to that, you've also seen the competition coming in, 
right? With competition coming in, a lot of these changes will happen and 
that will expect you to drive the ARPOB growth.  
 
In addition to that, I think Mr. Ramesh called out, we added more than, 
across Kerala itself, we added more than 20-25 clinicians in the CONGO-T 
plus broad specialties. That's what I was expecting, you know, basically 
elevating our ARPP IP growth over a period of time. 
 
Kunal Randeria: 
Right, right. That is very helpful. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks, Kunal. We would like to highlight that we will be giving 
preferences to attendees who have not asked a question before. So, in 
that line, the next question is from Mr. Vivek Sethia. Vivek, can you please 
unmute yourself and ask the question? 
 
Vivek Sethia: 
Yeah, sure. Thanks for the opportunity. So, I have a couple of questions 
with regards to QCIL. So, firstly, just wanted to understand the breakdown 
of your expansion plan for QCIL, right, in terms of Greenfield and 
Brownfield expansion, year wise. I see that you have provided for the 
merged entity. Provide same for QCIL and along with the Capex earmarked 
on a year-on-year basis. 
 
Varun Khanna: 
So, Vivek, we've given some color but let me give you the image so, we are 
adding Bhubaneswar, Raipur and Kottayam for FY27. And that'll be 155 
and about 190 beds, which is coming in FY27. Now, all of these are existing 
facilities. So, there's a ramp up of beds that is happening. All of these are 
census beds. So that is one piece I can tell you. We're looking at FY28 and 
about 780 beds. And again, a large part of this is, actually all of it is 
brownfield, right? So, it's addition happening to our existing properties. 
And therefore, capacity expansion is how I'm going to put these beds as. 
FY29 and beyond is another 750-odd bed. So, if that answers your 
question.  

18 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Hitesh Dhaddha: 
Just to add in all the expansion that Varun mentioned in QCIL, almost 89-
90% of the expansion is brownfield in nature, that QCIL is having. 
 
Vivek Sethia: 
Sure, that helps. Secondly, just wanted to understand like we've seen the 
CONGO mix for both Aster and QCIL sort of improving on a quarterly basis.  
Going forward on a steady state basis, where do you see the case mix for 
Aster as well as for the merged entity going? 
 
Varun Khanna: 
So, let me take the QCIL side of it. Is that okay, if I answer for QCIL? So, 
QCIL is currently sitting and is able to see around 57.6%. I think the 
endeavor is to continue doing this. I told you that our investments, a large 
part of our investments for QCIL is going to oncology. Oncology is still 
under dialed when it comes to QCIL. So, the fact that we are investing into 
linear accelerators, the fact that we are adding oncology blocks in 5 
different facilities over the next 2 years, needless to say that this will 
enhance the contribution of CONGO-T as we go forward. 
 
So, I don't think 57.6% is going to be where it is from a mature number 
standpoint. It's continued to grow. I don't know. I can't really put a number 
to where it will end up. But my sense is that you'll be mid-60s over a period 
of time. So, I don't want to draw when, but the how is known to us. I don't 
think when is a fair answer. Is that okay? Maybe I can pass this on to Sunil 
for the other side of it. 
 
Ramesh Kumar: 
Yeah, so just to add to that, Aster side, you know, somewhere in the mid-
fifties is what we are having CONGO-T mix. I think it will steadily start 
growing. As rightly mentioned, even the new units have started doing 
exceedingly well in the CONGO-T, like the Kasargod one. So, we are also 
looking, I mean, steady growth and the focus, as we rightly said, especially 
in Tier-1 city in Bengaluru, and of course, all the Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities 
also are focused. We are looking at the dedicated cancer care centers, 
rightly said, oncology can give us a real growth. We are looking at having 
the LINACs and make it as a complete comprehensive set. So, oncology 
will be one major contribution, followed by cardiology. We have started 
doing a lot of transplants, heart transplants as well. Even the Calicut unit 
has opened the account. Aster MedCity, we are focusing. Bengaluru is 
doing exceedingly well in the heart transplants. So, I think the way forward 
focus would be, anyway, as rightly mentioned by Mr. Varun, we would 
look at somewhere around 60%+, 60-65% is what we are looking at, to 
achieve the numbers. 
 
Varun Khanna: 
And Vivek, one of the other things I have to tell you, maybe I'm just adding 
to what Ramesh said, and this is less to do with our network. This is more 
to generalize our comment. As we get into Tier-2, Tier-3 hospitals, the 
need for complexity there is very high. Currently, or given the fact that this 
is how health care has developed in the country, people have moved to 
various cities. But the need to travel can be limited if the capability is 
available, which is where getting more LINACs, which is where getting 
robotic systems into various cities, expansion of talent that I spoke about 
earlier. I think all of this is helping us grow our CONGO-T mix. 
 
I spoke about the complexity that we are enhancing. I think adding 
transplants into Tier-2, Tier-3 cities today is becoming a norm. So, all of 
that will continue to enhance the group's focus and performance on 
CONGO-T. 
 
Vivek Sethia: 
Thank you, that helps. Just one last question with regards to the pharmacy 

19 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
business. It's a two-part question. First, we just wanted to understand 
what is the size of the pharmacy business for QCIL and its margins? 
 
The second part is, in the previous couple of calls, you had mentioned that, 
you know, we are making sort of a strategic exit from loss-making units in 
the pharmacy business. I guess this was more pertaining to Aster. So, I just 
wanted you to shed some light as to how that's panning out for the 
merged entity as a whole. 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
So, Vivek, it's very important to know that QCIL doesn't have any 
pharmacy business. Whatever pharmacy, it's more of IP and OP pharmacy 
within the hospitals. What we have is two parts. One is wholesale 
pharmacy. We have wholesale pharmacy which gets consolidated. Then 
there is a retail pharmacy where we have 49% investment where the share 
of equity gets adjusted at the PAT level. That's 2 different parts. Now the 
wholesale pharmacy level, what used to happen is that the asset which we 
bought in the local Bengaluru market. And in addition to that, we added 
the second business unit to supply to a retail pharmacy, which didn't work 
out really well due to logistics and reverse logistics and the fill rates and a 
lot of other things. That is the reason, I think, a year back, we tried to move 
out of that and ensure that we come back to the one which we acquired. 
 
And that's where we were able to bring out of the negative margin a year 
back to a positive margin in the wholesale pharmacy. And going forward 
also, wholesale pharmacy, we don't expect to do major growth because 
you can't expect more than 3-3.5% margin, considering it's a low margin 
business. So, we'll try to keep at that level. In terms of retail pharmacy, 
where I said we only own 49% and balance is owned by resident 
individuals. Here we have around 203 pharmacies where we have lent our 
brand to drive the business, right? That's where we have, you know, brand 
licensing arrangement has been done here. And there, I think, it's 203 
pharmacies. Spread over Telangana, Karnataka, and Kerala. That's doing 
well. That's expected to break even in another year or two. I hope that 
helps. 
 
Vivek Sethia: 
Thank you, that helps. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks, Vivek. I would like to request all the participants, if you can raise 
your hand and ask the question. In this, we have next Mr. Harith. Mr. 
Harith, can you please unmute yourself and ask the question? 
 
Harith Ahmad: 
Hi, good afternoon, thanks for the opportunity. QCIL EBITDA that you've 
disclosed, which is the operating EBITDA, it's around INR 800 crores for 
the 9M FY26 period. So, is there a minority share out of this INR 800 crore 
that you can share? A rough number is what I'm looking at because there 
are quite a few units of ours where there's a decent minority shareholding, 
like for instance the KIMS has a part of it. So, any approximate number 
that you can share?  
 
Hitesh Dhaddha: 
So, approximate minority for QCIL is roughly 20% you can use that as a 
base, and we can probably send the exact number separately.   
 
Harith Ahmad: 
Sure, and between the operating EBITDA and the reported post IndAS 
EBITDA for QCIL, is there a major difference? Like we have in Aster a few 
ESOP items and the fair value movements, etc.  So, for QCIL as well, is 
there a similar adjustment between operating EBITDA and reported 
EBITDA?   
 

20 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Varun Khanna: 
Well, there will be, but we will share that number with you. I think it's 
about INR 15-17 crores is what I remember offhand.   
 
Harith Ahmed: 
Okay. And for the new units that we are expecting in FY27-28, which are 
mainly Trivandrum, Hyderabad and Sarjapur at Aster, I'm referring only to 
the Greenfield units, what's the kind of EBITDA losses in the first 12 
months that we should be penciling in? All these are in different markets, 
and we should be looking at different numbers, but any ballpark guidance 
will be helpful. 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Harith, as you called out. I think it's very difficult to give you the number 
because it's all in different micro-markets. Sarjapur anyway is going to 
come in the beginning of FY28. But the next year we are only talking about 
in the second half. The first one should be Trivandrum, and the second 
should be the Hyderabad women and children. But the good thing is that 
in both the cases I called out saying that it is not a new geography.  
Hyderabad is already present, CARE is present. That should help us in 
driving the growth and attracting the key clinicians. Same is the case in the 
Trivandrum. But usually what we've always seen on average, right?  Again, 
this is something very broadly for your modeling I'm talking about.  It could 
be anywhere on a monthly average. And again, I'm talking about the first 
6 months, could be between INR 2.5-4 crores per month. Usually that's a 
broad burn, which we expect. 
 
Harith Ahmad: 
Alright, and the last one, more of an observation. When I look at the total 
operational beds at a Aster level, excluding QCIL, the breakup between 
census and non-census, the 24% share of non-census beds, it seems to be 
a bit higher than what we typically see at your peers. And then even at 
QCIL, I think this is a lower number around 15-16% of beds being non-
census. So, is there a reason, is there something different about our model 
or network that's leading to this higher number of non-census beds? Is it 
because, you know, some of our units are smaller?  
 
Sunil Kumar: 
In the industry, there is no confusion when you get to the census beds. We 
all know that any bed which you try to occupy for the patient on the 
midnight basis, you take it as census bed. In case of non-census bed, there 
is no industry-wide agreed standard. Everyone takes it very, very 
differently. In our case, it is higher because we count everything and also, 
say for example, usually it includes your emergency beds where there is 
no admission happens overnight or say daycare beds, right? That's one bit 
of it. Third one is also your pre-op, post-op beds. We also look at dialysis 
beds. There are a lot of these things where some of the institutions may 
count in the non-census and some institutions like us, and we have been 
very consistent, you know, over a period of time, last 10, 12 years, we've 
been including it and we have not changed any formula. But also, it's 
important to note that we're also looking at now going forward because 
there are a lot of short-stay procedures and the daycare, specifically 
oncology. In case of oncology, more than 50-60% of the revenue comes 
from chemo. And it's a daycare, right? You don't see a patient staying 
overnight. And we have been converting most of the time, sometimes 
from census to non-census beds. So as long as you're going forward, that's 
also another reason why our ALOS is also going down drastically. You've 
seen from one year back, we've been reducing last 4 quarters or 5 
quarters, we're going down by more than 5-6%. So, it's more to do with 
the short-stay procedures and more daycare patients which we are using. 
Otherwise, there is nothing much to talk about there. 

21 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Harith Ahmad: 
That’s helpful Sunil. Thank you, I’ll get back in the queue.  
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
I would request you to please limit your question to 2, but not more than 
3 per participant at the time. The next question is from Nancy. Nancy, if 
you can unmute yourself and ask the question. 
 
Nancy Yadav: 
Congrats on a strong team. I'm just trying to piece a few things together 
and trying to understand. So, you know, we see that there's a margin dip 
from the previous quarter. And while I understand that Q3 is generally a 
slightly weaker quarter for entirety of healthcare. And some of the margin 
drag is also coming from the Kasargod hospital that we've started. But still, 
there's about 200 basis points despite the Kasargod hospital adjustment 
that's lesser from the previous quarter. So, I'm just trying to understand 
that.  Is this totally accountable to seasonality or are there any other 
factors that are also playing out here? 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Yeah. Thank you, Nancy. See, there are 2-3 things we need to look into it. 
So, year-on-year, if you remove the Kasargod, right, then you are talking 
about 22% going down to 20.2%. And when you look at the revenue and 
all, you are talking about INR 21-22 crores revenue dip from quarter-on-
quarter, where in EBITDA it's impacting almost INR 26 crores, right, if 
that's the right number. Yes. And if you look at the dip, almost 62-65% is 
impacting to the revenue, right? If in INR 22 crores revenue comes down, 
naturally 62% of that impacts on this one.  
Second thing which is really happening is more of investment which you 
are doing in the clinical talent, which Ramesh talked about, right? And I 
also spoke about saying that Kerala itself you look at, year-on-year Q2, Q3, 
it's the same revenue, right? INR 619 crore, excluding Kasargod. But still 
the margin, you can see a slight dip. It's because of investment, what 
you're doing. And it's very, very important that an organization like us, 
which we talked about, again, Ramesh talked about the CONGO-T mix and 
growth. We are looking at, because we can get a major leverage in the 
how CONGO-T mix, we can improve. 
Year-on-year, we already improved by more than 240 bps. And we expect 
to go beyond 60%. So, we are very, very clear that we want to add more 
and more clinical talent. And that's exactly what's happening. So, it's 
important to note that this is an investment. We need to think of it as an 
investment so that once the new doctors come on board, start ramping 
up over 3-4 quarters, you will see the benefits in the volume, benefits in 
the margin, right?  That's one thing.  That's the first important thing.  
Second also, one thing which has happened between the Q2, Q3 is that I 
also told in the last quarter in the similar earnings call that year-on-year 
the medical specialties, basically the vector-borne diseases reduced by 
almost 70%. And when you look at, and because of which last Q2, we have 
seen a dip of almost 12% in the internal medicine, pulmonary and 
children's specialties. Same thing has happened in Q3 also. In this Q3, 
when you compared to the last Q3, you have seen a dip of almost 12% in 
internal medicine, pulmonology and children’s cases. So that's also 
another reason why it is impacted. At the same time, what's also 
happening is that irrespective of this, our oncology growth is great. For 
example, when you talk about oncology, in this only in the Q3, both our 
cardiology has grown by more than 22% and oncology has grown by 27%. 
Both these specialties carry a high material cost, unlike other broad 
specialties. That's one of the reasons our material cost has gone up from 
year-on-year, this one. And that is also impacting our margins. But as I 

22 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
said, this is not a structural issue. You have always seen in Q3 it always 
slows down. But again, with the investment what you made, you can 
expect a good ramp up and steady ramp up in our volumes going forward. 
 
Nancy Yadav: 
Understood, sir. That was super helpful. Thank you 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thank you, Nancy. The next question is from Mr. Kashish. Kashish can you 
please unmute and ask your question? 
 
Kashish Thakur: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Just 2 questions on the ancillary 
business. One is on the Aster Labs; we have seen the margins improve 
sharply to 12%. At what scale do we see these margins stabilize and what 
can we expect going forward? And secondly, towards the wholesale 
pharma business.   
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Sorry, Kashish, we didn't get your second part of the question. Let me 
answer the first one on the labs. Labs, I think even I have called out in my 
speech, how from a negative EBITDA it has gone to positive EBITDA in 
FY25. And in FY26, on a YTD basis, we have already gone to 12.2% margins. 
And here the most important thing for the margins to further drive up is 
important that our non-captive business, which is currently at 30-31% of 
our Aster Labs revenue, how to drive it more than 50%? So that's exactly 
the sales strategy which we are internally working in. And also, you'll see 
very soon, there'll be a dedicated labs app we'll be launching, not linked 
to our hospitals, but dedicated retail app we'll be launching. That's going 
to really help us in driving the non-captive business. Once we're able to 
get a non-captive up from 30% to more than 50%, that's when you will see 
our gross margin improvement in a very drastic way. And if that happens, 
then you can look at more than 20+ margins. And again, the question is all 
about how fast we move in this one. And again, you've seen the year-on-
year growth also is more than 20% or 30% on the external business, what 
we are talking about. I think next 2-3 years, you can see more than 20% of 
margin from Aster labs. And also, labs is always a high-margin business, 
and we expect to do really well.   
 
Kashish Thakur: 
Understood. Thank you. And second question was, after outsourcing the 
wholesale pharma business, how much margin drag has been removed?  
Margin losses have been removed.   
 
Sunil Kumar:  
Here what we are talking about is that on a monthly basis around INR 1-2 
crores every month, that’s a number which we have removed. Because 
you know, right, Kashish in the wholesale, it’s a distribution business, 
actual margin what you get is 8% but with so much of discounts being 
given to the retailers and the other trade business, the gross margin 
further from 8% dips to around 5-6% and with the other manpower and 
overheads put together, the max you can hit is around 3-3.5% not more 
than that. And also, you need a scale to drive this margin and currently as 
I said in the Q3 already we moved to 2.2% and we are consistent to 
continue to keep it positive and try to drive up beyond 3%. But again, 
Kashish, I called very clearly. We are not looking at increasing this business 
in a very drastic manner. Because you can always drive this business, but 
you won't get the quality business. We want to ensure that what business 
is that. It's a high margin business, what we're getting it. And we don't 
want to drive the top line at the cost of our margin. So, the main idea is 
to, even though my revenue dips year-on-year, I want to keep it consistent 
and drive the margins up. 

23 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Kashish Thakur: 
Understood, sir. Thank you. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
I would request everyone to limit your questions to two, considering the 
time. The next question is from Mr. Siddharth. Siddharth, can you please 
unmute yourself and ask the question? 
 
Siddharth Negandhi: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. On the ALOS, one sees a significant 
difference between the ALOS at QCIL vs Aster. Aster is among the lowest 
in the industry. Given what you mentioned on oncology being largely 
daycare and that being a focus area for you, should we expect this to stay 
at this level or even drop further? That was question one. Question two 
was in terms of AI initiatives or technology initiatives, given that a large 
part of the network is in Tier-2 – Tier-3 cities, are there any remote 
diagnostics or AI initiatives that you have been taking that could possibly 
keep availability of talent being a lower challenge in those centers? 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Mr. Ramesh, you want to pick the ALOS question? 
 
Ramesh Kumar: 
So, as far as, you know, as rightly mentioned, it is all about oncology, 
daycare, more of targeted therapy has been done. So, daycare has been 
improving day by day. Chemo daycare is, more number of patients have 
been there in chemo daycare. So, that's one impact. Second is we have 
also a lot many of keyhole procedures, and we have been using a lot of 
soft tissue robo also for various other procedures. As sometime back I 
mentioned, in a place like MedCity, we do around 80, 85-90 robotic 
procedures. And of course, lab surgeries are gone up. So, there's a 
significant reduction in average length of say, if you ask me, will there be 
a further reduction? It is very difficult to say but I am sure this is the best 
what we are in. This is the shift that has been happening to a lot of 
different procedures which we have taken up. I am sure ALOS would be 
the best. And the length of stay is also to do with your quality parameters 
like infection control practices and thereby the length of stay is high. So, 
we have one of the best quality parameters closely monitored by all the 
chief of medical services. So, all these factors have contributed to a 
reduced ALOS. 
 
Siddharth Negandhi: 
And Mr. Khanna, if you could just give us a sense on whether from where 
you are at 3.9, given post the merger, learnings and synergies, do you 
expect there to be a reduction? 
 
Varun Khanna: 
So, Siddharth, thanks for the question. Let me add to this, Siddharth. I 
think the reason you see the differential is also the mix of specialties. So, 
what QCIL does in terms of enhanced revenues, enhanced revenue mix is 
a high mix of orthopedics, cardiothoracic, neurosciences. So, when you do 
a complex work around neuro, orthopedics and cardiothoracic, you will 
then tend to get a higher ALOS. Our ALOS currently is a sub-four and 
largely driven by the mix part of it. We will continue to see improvement 
in this as well as we go robotic and oncology, because that will bring in a 
lower, ALOS patient into the system, which is a high yielding patient as 
well. So, we'll have a favorable impact to ARPOB on account of value and 
also ALOS reduction, which is inversely proportional to the ARPOB as well, 
if that answers your question. I think the second part that you touched 
upon is more on the AI. Could you be more specific? What kind of a 
response are you seeking? 
 

24 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Siddharth Negandhi: 
Okay. So, what I want to understand is given that both at QCIL and Aster 
you are essentially looking at, a lot more of your capacity being in non-
metro towns where talent availability, I'm assuming will be a relatively 
higher challenge. And in that context, is there any technology initiatives 
that you're taking where certain operations can be done remotely or what 
you mean in order to reduce your talent dependence? That's, that's really 
the question or any other, initiatives in which you know technology helps 
sort of improve the ability to service patients in those towns better. 
 
Varun Khanna: 
Yeah, fair question Siddharth. There's a lot happening on tech and AI in 
our industry. So let me first start with responding to your first part of the 
question in terms of dearth of talent. So, I don't think we are seeing dearth 
of talent at least on the QCIL side and having heard what Alisha and Sunil 
mentioned around Kasargod. I don't think we are seeing dearth of talent.  
So, these are Tier-2, Tier-3 cities and I just heard Alisha talk about 120 
clinicians in Kasargod and I just told you about the complexity of work that 
we are doing in Aurangabad and Nagercoil. I don't see that dearth of 
talent. So, even for the complex work. The second part that I alluded to, I 
mean, today you can do transplants in 100 odd cities in the country. So, 
it's not limited to the 5, 6 metros that we know of. So that's one. Two, AI, 
essentially, we are looking at. We are looking at a lot of AI but not certainly 
emanating from a need because of death of talent. So let me rule that out 
clearly. We are seeing, in fact, I spoke about EOP, which is the first 
centralized solution that our group is looking at on radiation and that will 
be AI enabled that will be tech enabled and the idea to do that is not really, 
again, talent efficiency in some of these markets, but how is it that you 
can scale up the decision making, make it more speedier, make it more 
robust, make it more consultative. I think some of those are playing out.  
The third and the most important part that's playing out for some of these 
investments is efficiency. We are getting significant efficiency through 
some of the work that we are doing through AI. For instance, getting 
centralized call centers, getting pre-recorded voice calls now with the 
consumer before they come into the hospital so that the EMR is enabled 
with the input parameters and the time between the OPD time can 
actually be reduced or the consultation time can be reduced. So, some of 
that is being played out. And by the way, these initiatives also help the 
consumer because the consumer is able to iterate a lot more to a chatbot 
or a chat or a, you know, they can choose their medium of communication.  
So, all of that is certainly play out and that will be to drive efficiency. I hope 
that answers your question. 
 
Siddharth Negandhi: 
Yes, thanks. And the last question was on the Andhra & Telangana cluster 
in terms of inpatient volumes. That's sort of been flat for the 9 months. If 
you could just throw some light on how one should think about that.   
 
Ramesh Kumar:  
So, if you can elaborate a bit, you want to know about AP & Telangana 
performance? 
 
Siddharth Negandhi:  
Sir, AP & Telangana if I just look at the inpatient volume and I will tell you 
the specific slide that maybe I may have then not looked at it correctly.  
I'm looking at slide 40 of your presentation where, you know, in Q3 you're 
continuing to see the inpatient volume even in AP Telangana being flat, 
right? I mean, 400 inpatient visits extra. So that's the one that I wanted 
some understanding on. If one looks at it on a 9-month basis, it has been 
slower growth.   
 

25 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Ramesh Kumar: 
So, especially when it comes to AP part, we have Vijayawada, Guntur and 
Ongole, the 3 units what we have, and Tirupati also we have.  Tirupati is 
doing exceedingly well if you really look at, that is one unit which has 
consistently performed very well and average around 130 or 140% of the 
budget achievement. And whereas in Vijayawada, Vijayawada is a major 
center for especially the case mixes cardiology and some of the clinicians 
are there. We had attrition as far as Vijayawada and Guntur is concerned. 
So now we have replaced these clinicians, thereby the volumes are picking 
up. Guntur also, volumes have started picking up. So, you will find a steady 
growth coming in the next few months. We have replaced all the clinicians 
wherever attrition was there. Ongole also had the competition where a 
few of the doctor clinicians have left the competition. But all have been 
replaced and Ongole has also bounced back in the last 2 months, achieving 
their budgets and volumes and also there has been a significant growth. 
So, it was a temporary setback, and I think we have taken action on that, 
and you can see steady growth in coming days.   
 
Siddharth Negandhi: 
Thank you. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks Siddharth, in the interest of the time, we would like to take the 
final question for the management. Mr. Shreenarayan, can you please ask 
the question.  
 
Shreenarayan: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question was on the material 
cost. If we see year-on-year adjusted for wholesale pharmacy sales, it's up 
50 basis points. Now, how much of it can be attributed to higher material 
costs coming from oncology and cardiology?  
 
Sunil Kumar: 
So, Shreenarayan, thanks for the question. On the 50 bps what you have 
seen, I would say 60% of that should be attributed to oncology and 
another 20% is due to neuro because we've done good amount of DBS 
cases also. DBS cases actually have doubled year-on-year and mostly on 
balance another 20% is attributed to the robotic procedures also. So, 
we've been doing almost now 300 robotic procedures every month. It's 
100% growth year-on-year. Out of that more than 60% of the robotic 
procedures are the soft tissue and balance 40% is ortho. So, I think we 
have been doing a lot of, because see, we've been treated more like a 
quaternary care and we've been a referral center in all our key hospitals 
like CMI, Medcity and Calicut, where you get a lot of high-end referral 
patients.  That's where we do TAVI, DBS, robotic procedures, and 
specifically oncology. And oncology, 60% of it's med-onc, wherein the 
medical cost, usually it's around 45%, in that 40-50% is my immunotherapy 
and target therapy. There are no margins for my materials. And usually for 
every patient, the average yield goes between 4 lakhs-7 lakhs.  And out of 
that, as I said, 70% is your material cost there. So, the question what we 
are now looking is that, again, as I said, whatever the material cost, 
because already whatever you looked at last 3 years, we have been able 
to drive the material cost from 25.5 to below 21, last year closing at 20.9.  
And that has changed a little bit in the current year because of the case 
mix. But what we are also seeing is that, as Mr. Ramesh called out, we 
have been adding more clinicians in the other CONGO mix also. So that's 
going to help us to drive the overall CONGO mix and also ensure that there 
is a good growth equivalent to what we're seeing in Oncology. As I said, in 
CONGO, we've grown by more than 240 basis points year-on-year. But out 
of it, when you look at all the CONGO specialty breakers, the highest has 
been the Oncology, at 27%. Only in Q3, that is the highest. And second 

26 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
highest would be our Cardio, and third highest would be Neuro. So, I 
expect once we are able to, I would say, neutralize more or less the growth 
and I think we will be able to get it down below 21% going forward.  
 
Shreenarayan: 
Okay, but then as a target mix of revenue, where do we see Oncology in 
medium term, 2-3 years and how would that impact our material cost 
over?   
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Yeah, that's another good question, Shreenarayan. And I think we've been 
calling out saying that we've been doing very heavy investment in 
oncology. And oncology has been the fastest grower in all our specialties.  
2 years back, we used to be around 8-9%, now we've moved to 11% 
contribution on revenue. And the way it's going, I don't know, another 4-
5 years, we expect it to be in high teens, right? That's a growth engine 
which we are looking at. But at the same time, that's also been part of our 
CONGO growth right because on a blended view would be around 53, 54. 
And with that, as Varun called out, we are looking at more than 60% plus. 
And oncology will be the major driver growth. But I think material cost, we 
should not get too much worry on the material cost, because oncology 
also gives you a good EBITDA per bed growth.  That is something which we 
need to always watch out for. 
 
Shreenarayan: 
If I may ask one last question. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Okay, please. 
 
Shreenarayan: 
Yeah, so on slide 48 of the presentation, there are a few synergies that we 
have highlighted. So, which of these is most sensitive to delivering the 
EBITDA upside potential of 10-15%?  So, which is your top priority after 
the merger? Say you want to get this done in 6-12 months, first thing 
which you want to do. And which, if it is not done, has the highest impact 
on your EBITDA margin expansion? 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
See, if I want to jump in Shreenarayan, the quick answer will be the 
material, right? Today, I have INR 1,000 crores purchased as an Aster and 
QCIL has got INR 1,000 crores. Imagine bringing the 2 things together and 
negotiating a INR 2,000 crore procurement and also getting the best of 
both worlds on the formulary mix. And I think that's a no-brainer, that's 
going to be the first target, and I think we should be able to do really well 
on that.  
 
Shreenarayan: 
Okay, okay. Thank you so much. That answers my question. All the best.  
Thank you everyone. Thanks to the management. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
There is no more question to the management now. This concludes the 
earnings call for this quarter of Aster DM Healthcare. I thank the 
management and all the attendees for joining us today. If you have any 
other further questions or queries, please do get in touch with us. 
Thank you. Thanks, everyone. 
  
 
<End> 
The contents of this transcript may contain modifications for accuracy and improved readability. 
