  
 
 
 
 
 
SEC/ F: 26       
 
 
 
   
 
                          February 11, 2026 
BSE Limited  
                                                 National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Department,  
               5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,  
 
2nd Floor, New Trading Ring,   
                           Bandra (East) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   
 
               Mumbai – 400 051. 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001.  
(BSE Scrip Code – 500241)   
 
 
   (NSE Symbol - KIRLOSBROS) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with Analysts / Investors on Unaudited Financial                
‘Results for the Quarter and Nine months ended on December 31, 2025 
 
Ref:  Regulation 30 & 46 read with Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
This is in continuation of our letter dated January 30, 2026 giving intimation of the subject 
mentioned conference call and subsequently furnishing the web link for accessing the Audio 
recording of the said conference call vide our letter dated February 06, 2026.  
 
Please find attached the transcript of the above said Conference Call held on February 06, 
2026 with Analysts / Investors on Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter 
and nine months ended on December 31, 2025. 
 
Please note that the said transcript has also been uploaded on the website of the Company 
(https://www.kirloskarpumps.com).  This can be accessed at the following link: 
 
Link:  https://www.kirloskarpumps.com/investors/financial-information/analyst_meeting_transcript/ 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Devang Trivedi  
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 
 
Devang 
B Trivedi
Digitally signed by Devang B 
Trivedi
DN: cn=Devang B Trivedi c=IN 
o=Personal
Reason: I am approving this 
document
Location: 
Date: 2026-02-11 17:38+05:30

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 06, 2026 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 06th February 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY KIRLOSKAR – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS 
LIMITED 
MR. ALOK KIRLOSKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS INTERNATIONAL B.V. 
MS. RAMA KIRLOSKAR – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
KIRLOSKAR EBARA PUMPS LIMITED 
MR. BHAVESH CHEDDHA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS LIMITED 
MR. HEMANT SHALIGRAM – ASSOCIATE VICE 
PRESIDENT – KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to the Kirloskar Brothers Limited Q3 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, a brief disclaimer. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and 
expectation of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantee of 
future performance of the company and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult 
to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Kirloskar, Chairman and Managing Director 
from Kirloskar Brothers Limited for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Kirloskar Brothers Limited, I extend a very 
warm welcome to everyone for joining us on our call today. I hope you've had an opportunity to 
go through the financial results and the investor presentation, which have been uploaded on the 
stock exchanges and the company's website.  
On this call with me, I have Mr. Alok Kirloskar, Managing Director, Kirloskar Brothers 
International B.V.; Mr. Rama Kirloskar, Joint Managing Director, KBL and MD Kirloskar Ebara 
Pumps Limited; Mr. Bhavesh Cheddha, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Hemant Shaligram, our 
Associate Vice President and Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisors. 
So speaking about our Q3 FY '26 performance, let me begin my remarks by giving some 
business highlights, which are in line with capital goods industry trends. For the quarter ended 
December 31, 2025, our consolidated revenue stood at Rs.1,116 crores. For the 9 months of FY 
'26, revenue was Rs.3,123 crores.  
While the quarter continued to be marked by some external challenges, however, our diversified 
business model and disciplined execution helped us maintain stability and position the company 
for stronger growth in the coming quarters. Our standalone performance was temporarily 
affected due to an overall slowdown. 
And additionally, our dispatches and further manufacturing was held back due to non-release of 
JJM funding to our dealers. However, demand across both small pumps and industrial segments 
remained healthy, demonstrating the inherent strength and resilience of our diversified portfolio. 
Excluding the small pump business, as we never give order backlog in that business or a pending 
order statement.  
The domestic order book stands at Rs.2,438 crores, a strong 25% growth over the previous year, 
underscoring a healthy pipeline and sustained customer confidence. Domestic subsidiaries have 
registered a revenue growth in quarter 3 of FY '26 of around 10% on a year-on-year basis. 
On international business performance, our operations in the U.S. and the Netherlands delivered 
strong year-on-year growth of 15% and 155%, respectively. This impressive performance was 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
driven by the execution of orders, along with the improvement in overall product demand. South 
Africa also continued to perform well in constant currency.  
The U.K. operations continued to face temporary softness due to uncertainty in the U.K. 
government's energy policies. However, the U.K. order board is higher than last year by 10% 
due to focus on diversified market segments and the overall international order book remains 
strong, expanding 13% year-on-year to Rs.1,289 crores.  
These results reaffirm the strength of our global presence and our ability to capture growth across 
diverse markets. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs.161 crores with margins at 14.4%. For the 
9 months of FY '26, EBITDA was Rs.412 crores with margins at 13.2%. The year-on-year 
moderation was primarily due to changes in product mix and adverse operating leverage.  
Importantly, the underlying business fundamentals remain strong, supported by stable volumes 
and a strong order pipeline across segments. During the quarter, we also recorded healthy order 
inflows across both domestic and international markets, reflecting continued customer trust and 
demand momentum.  
This strong inflow, combined with our growing order book and diversified portfolio gives us 
high visibility for sustained performance in the coming quarters. Looking ahead, we are 
optimistic about the growth trajectory of our business with a healthy balance between domestic 
and international markets, a robust order pipeline and continued focus on operational excellence 
and customer engagement. We are well positioned to deliver sustainable and profitable growth 
in the periods to come. This is all from our side.  
We can now begin the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. We take 
the first question from the line of Raj Shah from Enam AMC. 
Raj Shah: 
Am I audible? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Yes. You are. 
Raj Shah: 
Yes. Sir, so when we interacted in the previous concall in early November, as per your 
comments, it was very clear that H2 would be much better than H1. And going back to our 
historic stated aspiration of growing double digit every year. This year, we expected in this 
quarter that the revenue growth would be much better, say, at least close to double digit that we 
have stated. Can you please help us understand granularly sector-wise, where there were some 
disappointments or what didn't go in our favor? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Sure. We have always said don't look at us quarter-to-quarter. We've also given you the kind of 
behavior the company exhibits on the revenue side with around 19% in the first quarter, 21% in 
the second quarter. Third quarter is around 24% and the remainder is in the last quarter. This has 
been the historical trend. And I continuously point this out in the last few quarters that don't look 
at us quarter-to-quarter.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Coming to the quarter, as I have said, JJM continues to be an issue. State governments were 
supposed to fund the rest of the money. Some of you might think that we take JJM orders 
directly. But like I said a few quarters ago, we do not take any orders directly from the state 
government or the central government.  
And that's why we do not participate in the KUSUM program or the JJM program directly. We 
do this with our dealers. These dealers are long-term dealers working with us for many 
generations. Some of them are with us for 4 generations. We ensure that their financial health is 
also maintained. They placed orders on us.  
We have always looked at the fact as whether they are going to get the money because we do 
not want to just push out equipment and have them have a cash flow situation and destroy their 
business. So JJM actually was a large disappointment with us because we felt that, that would 
come through in this quarter. That hasn't.  
The company has not produced against certain orders, and it is holding some inventory so that 
the dealers are not saddled with that inventory. That's one of the main reasons for that. Number 
two reason is that the company has always been conservative with its order board, with its order 
intake. Even in large projects, we do not book orders, though you see a large order booking. 
We do not book orders unless they are confirmed with advances especially for large pumps. So 
though the order book is large, there are orders which are still not recognized. We also informed 
last time that there is a foundry ERP taking place being put into the system, SAP system.  
And this will give us higher efficiency. It will give us visibility of materials that are being used 
and enable us to ensure that the right orders are made at the right time. So we've had some 
hiccups in that, but I can report over here that by the end of last quarter, the system is performing 
much better because now we are able to identify waste and also reduce costs. So as an old 
company, we continuously try to improve our operations, bring in the latest technology in order 
to ensure that efficiencies are improved in all our processes constantly. So I hope that answers 
your question. 
Raj Shah: 
Certainly, sir. Sir, if you can quantify this impact due to ERP implementation, say, in terms of 
revenue or profitability, how did it affect us from the quarter? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
What I can tell you is that normally, we need about 700 castings per day from our cast iron 
foundry where we have implemented it. And we had dipped to about 200, 300 castings per day. 
That would have had an impact of about Rs.50 crores in revenue. 
Raj Shah: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, in relation to this, do we stand by our aspiration of growing double digit for 
the current financial year, FY '26 over FY '25? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I have said that we will always try to go for double-digit growth. But as you may be aware, we 
place priority on cash flow, profitability and revenues in that order. 
Raj Shah: 
I have few more bookkeeping questions. Will fall back in the queue. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Rabindra Nayak from Sunidhi Securities. 
Rabindra Nayak: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Rabindra, your audio is too low. Could you please use your handset and proceed with your 
question. 
Rabindra Nayak: 
Is it okay right now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Rabindra Nayak: 
Okay. Sir, my question regarding this other expenses in the standalone entity that is a significant 
decline. What is the reason for that? And what is the percentage of reduction in sales in this year, 
particularly for the JJM project payment issue? If you can quantify it would be helpful, sir? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Could you repeat your question, please? I didn't... 
Rabindra Nayak: 
Yes. The decline in other expenses in the standalone business in this quarter is a decline. So 
what is the reason for that? 
HEMANT SHALIGRAM 
Okay. I think the decline in the other expenses is because we could able to recover our old 
outstanding, which was lying with our customer. So this quarter, we got a success and we could 
recover a material amount from our old outstanding from our customers. So whatever the 
provision that was there in the other expenses got reversed. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
And management expenses also, we have controlled. 
HEMANT SHALIGRAM 
Controlled. So -- and the other efficiencies, we improved because of which the other expenses 
has gone down. 
Rabindra Nayak: 
Okay. Thank you for the clarification. So can you please quantify what is the reduction in 
revenue or some impact of revenue due to the Jal Jeevan Mission payment issue? And if you can 
throw some light on this -- again, in this budget, they have increased the same allocation they 
have paid for Jal Jeevan Mission and they've spent very less. So what is the ground reality? Can 
you please throw some light on that? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Because of JJM, we believe that the revenues have reduced by Rs.50 crores to Rs.100 crores. As 
far as we know this JJM was supposed to be financed by 80% by central government and 20% 
by state governments. And it affects mainly the water and irrigation sector of the company. The 
central government has made its money available.  
Unfortunately, as you are aware, the state government's finances are not as good as they should 
be. And therefore, they have delayed it. There was some controversy about the process not 
working properly. I think the investigations that the central government has ordered are over, 
but what has happened is that, I guess, now that they have started releasing the funds. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
The state governments are unable to put up their part, which is resulting from some of the 
schemes that were announced by various state governments. And like Ladki Bahin and I don't 
know whether there was a Ladka Bhau, but there was definitely a Ladki Bahin scheme. And you 
must be aware because it was also reported in the newspapers that the contractors in Maharashtra 
have sued the Maharashtra government for non-payment of Rs.92,000 crores or something like 
that. And so as a company, we are very careful. And nor do we want our channel partners to get 
into trouble. 
Rabindra Nayak: 
Okay. And sir, regarding the non-India business, the margin has actually contracted in this 
quarter because you said that it is a very good quarter for the international business, but still the 
margin is low. What is the reason? And what is the guidance for this margin going ahead? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
You're talking about the international business, right? 
Rabindra Nayak: 
Yes, sir. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I'll ask Alok to respond. 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes. I think majority of the margin contraction, as you can see in the papers, has come from the 
U.K. business. And that's mainly, as I had mentioned even in the previous analyst meeting, the 
U.K. prices are GBP 283 a megawatt hour. And so major industries, which are power intensive, 
which are steel or glass or petrochemical or regular chemical production, companies like INEOS, 
which are, of course, in the news, I-N-E-O-S, if you want to look it up.  
So most of them have said they have suspended their production in the U.K. And as you know, 
with many of these entities, we have long-term framework contracts on the service side. And so 
the revenues on the service framework contracts in the energy-intensive segment of our – sub-
segment of our business has reduced because most of those plants are only idling right now. 
And that's why it has reduced the sale and hence, also reduced the margins correspondingly. The 
margins on the service business are larger. And so the hit, of course, also is larger on the margins 
of the U.K. business, which is where majority of our service business sits. That said, we have 
diversified our portfolio.  
And recently, we have won the United Utilities framework contract, which is also a very large 
framework contract with a water utility. So our focus has been now to defocus energy-intensive 
industries in the U.K. for service and focus more on the essential industries to ensure that the net 
zero policy that the government is following does not cause further damage to us. 
Rabindra Nayak: 
Okay. So what is the guidance there? And whether we are going to be a beneficiary on this Indo-
European Union tariff deal, anything you can say? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
I think you would have seen that even with the 50% -- an effective 60% tariff of Indian goal 
from SPP U.S.A., we have still shown growth in the U.S.A. business. So like I said at that time, 
it really doesn't make a difference whether there is a tariff or there isn't. But I would say, on 
balance, yes, if there is a tariff, it's a little better for us because it protects our business in the 
U.S. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Rabindra Nayak: 
Okay. So that means the EBITDA margin in international business will reverse in Q4? Is it the 
right understanding? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
No, I think we have shown better EBITDA margins in our U.S. business in the quarter where 
there was 50% tariff, as you can see. And we've also shown higher sales. So my point being that 
having the tariff is good. If the tariff is not there, it's all right, but because it doesn't matter. But 
my point, is not a quarter-to-quarter point, but it's a long-term point. From a long-term 
perspective, if there is a tariff of more than 20%, it is good for our U.S. business because our 
U.S. business remains protected in America. But if you're just asking quarter-to-quarter, yes, 
maybe having a lower tariff quarter-to-quarter may be slightly helpful. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique PMS. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Sir, one on, again, India standalone keeping JJM aside. If you look at the order book, our inflow, 
all of that has been growing strongly over the last 3, 4, 5 quarters. So if you can just highlight 
ex of JJM, how are things panning out in your customized or the engineered to order pumps, the 
industrial pumps basically? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
You're a little unclear. There's an echo. So if you can talk a little slowly. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Sure. I hope this is better. My question was on the standalone ex-JJM, your industrial engineered 
customized pumps. So if you look at our order book, order inflow, all of them have been growing 
strongly over the last few quarters. But given the JJM issue, it's not getting reflected in our 
execution. So if you can just talk about how has that been ex of JJM, if you can show some 
numbers, how is the execution being the  on the revenue side? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Sure. I'll go segment by segment. Some of our businesses are relating to the small pumps 
segment. I think that has grown compared to competition. It has grown by 10% year-on-year. 
And  this is the small pump segment. And we are one company like I said earlier, doesn't 
participate in KUSUM.  
What we understand from the market is that our competitors in this segment who participate in 
KUSUM, actually, the rise in their sales is lower than us, but it is supported by KUSUM sales, 
which includes not only pumps but also includes the entire system. So that takes care of the 
small pump segment. 
The other small and medium pump segment, which is mainly affected by the foundry ERP. The 
order booking is good, and we expect that as now the foundry has shaped up and we are able to 
monitor exactly what is going on, exactly costs, et cetera, et cetera, we expect that we will be 
able to execute the orders for the sectors of industry, building and construction and the customer 
service and support spares, which we have, I think, shown separately.  
The rest are lumpy businesses, oil and gas and marine and defense. But as you have seen, the 
order inflow, though lumpy is now getting to be less lumpy. And there has been strong order 
inflows coming in. Large pumps, which uses a very different foundry, where we've still not 
implemented the ERP system, which we plan to do in the coming year, has not been affected. 
The order inflows are good. But at the end of the day, most of the customers are government and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
they like  most of the dispatches take place in the last quarter. So I hope that explains the entire 
company. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Yes. Fair enough. And second question to Alok. So Alok, by keeping the -- I mean, the drop that 
we see in SPP U.K. because of -- I mean, you have said this over multiple calls, the issues that 
persist there. Is it fair to say that this now forms a new base for us and then we'll have to grow 
something from here? So the challenges that we faced, let's say, 10, 12 years back in terms of 
oil and gas, now this is a new challenge that we'll have to navigate through and then we'll have 
to figure our way from around here or do you think there's still pain left to be felt? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
I think that, yes, I mean, oil and gas was, like you said, a structural challenge, and it really 
impacted the company. If you remember, oil and gas constituted almost 65% or 70% of the 
company's business when you included the product and the spare business from oil and gas. As 
you can see, when the oil and gas business collapsed, the company was in loss.  
Today, even though there are a lot of headwinds, I mean, significant headwinds in the U.K., I 
don't think the company is doing badly per se. Yes, it's not doing as well as it did last quarter at 
the same time last year, but it's not doing badly per se. It's still profitable and it's still cash 
generative. 
So I would say that probably it's a midterm to a short-term challenge with where the energy 
prices are. But we have enough levers of building our service business outside the U.K. as we 
have done before because as I mentioned, we have framework contracts with PETRONAS. We 
have framework contracts in Azerbaijan and in other regions.  
So we will continue to do that in energy-intensive industries outside the U.K. And inside the 
U.K., like I mentioned, we are now more focused on essential industries. So our service contracts 
will come from power plants, from water utilities, like I just mentioned, we won United Utilities 
a few weeks ago, which is another big water company.  
So that will be our focus because while the current government is in charge and Ed Miliband is 
focused on net zero, the energy prices are going to be out of the roof. So as the country going 
towards deindustrialization, there is no need for us to focus on energy-intensive industry because 
that would not be a good strategy. Does that answer your question? 
Pratik Kothari: 
Yes, it does. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Sani Vishe from Axis Securities. 
Sani Vishe: 
So my questions are kind of follow-up on the earlier question. Just first to confirm the numbers 
you mentioned for JJM impact was around Rs.50 crores to Rs.100 crores. Is that correct? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Yes. 
Sani Vishe: 
So sir, I mean, state-driven business will be like this also even going ahead. So even if it 
improves for a quarter, in the longer run, it is bound to be like that. So given that, how do we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
plan to deal with it? Where do we expect the growth to come from if JJM is going to be like 
this? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I mean you just faded off towards the end. 
Sani Vishe: 
So I'm asking if JJM is going to be like that, we can't expect the state funding to be smoother 
anymore going ahead also. So how do we plan to deal with it and our ambition to grow double 
digit, how do we plan to do that if JJM is not giving us much growth? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Yes. As we move towards Viksit Bharat, the water supply system has to be improved one way 
or the other. And the fact remains that while we deal with dealers and not with the state 
government, infrastructure will have to be provided to make our cities liveable because 
urbanization is also taking place.  
And like it or not, these pumps are going to be required. We believe that we have the best model 
of addressing this challenge. We also have the highest market share because of the quality and 
reliability of our products. So I'll get back to my original statement. Don't look at performance 
quarter-to-quarter.  
Look at the nation's requirements and understand that our pumps are going to be required one 
day or the other. It may be late, it may be now, but I believe it will be sooner than later. So I'm 
not that concerned about it. There are many projects in various states for water supply. Water 
and industry also supplies pumps for flood control, which is a major sector where, again, we 
give the best solutions.  
In fact, I don't know if you're aware, for large concrete volute pumps, we are the only suppliers 
in Thailand for flood control. We expect that as global warming effects and climate change 
effects take place, these requirements are there. Again, once you bring the water, water needs to 
be taken away and disposed of properly. So treatment plants are also coming up, which are 
separate from water distribution projects.  
On the other hand, you would have seen that the company has developed new kinds of products 
for other sectors, the products coming from the same plant. The submersible turbine pumps that 
have been developed for oil and gas sector, we believe that there is going to be a good market 
for that, and that will take care of our growth. 
Sani Vishe: 
Okay. So I understand that we just cannot focus on quarterly performance. I think as a company, 
there will be seasonality and all. But if we look at even the execution, it has to go on a quarterly 
basis, right? And for the last three quarters, I think we have only managed to execute around 
30% of the order book, while it used to be well ahead of 34%, 35% and maybe ahead of 40% in 
the Q4. So that drop, do you expect it to improve from the Q4? Do you think we'll be able to 
execute more than 40% of our current order book in the Q4, given that the year key issues are 
getting resolved now? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
You are asking me to make a forward-looking statement. I will continue with my statement that 
we will strive for double-digit growth. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Sani Vishe: 
Okay. But order execution, shall it improve or at least you can comment on that, right? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I have already informed you that the foundry performance, which had deteriorated in the third 
quarter, has already been taken care of. And we expect that things will move forward from here. 
Sani Vishe: 
Okay. About the start of the Q4 or is it middle of the quarter? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I can't say anything about the quarter. 
Sani Vishe: 
Okay. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Right. I can't say anything about this quarter. 
Sani Vishe: 
No, but the issue whether it was resolved. It got resolved at the end of Q3 or start of the Q4? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I have said that the performance of the foundry, which was where we needed 700 castings per 
day went down to 200 to 300 castings per day. And I also informed you that towards the end of 
the quarter, it has reverted to where we want it to be. So I think I can't say anything more than 
that. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Shrikant from Brighter Mind. 
Shrikant: 
My question is about the data center opportunity that we are tapping in United States and other 
geographies. And what are the plans to explore the Indian market as we have seen in the 
hyperscaler are starting in India also? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes. I mean the data center opportunity is also coming up in India. As you know that on the 
contractor side, there's AdaniConneX and there's obviously many announcements coming up in 
Andhra Pradesh about Google and other entities setting up data centers. We work closely with 
the big consultants, people like AECOM and Sudlows and others. So usually, we look to ensure 
that they are aware of our capabilities.  
And because they are aware and they have worked with us, we are one of the preferred vendors 
when these projects come up wherever they are. It's not just India. As you know, AECOM, as 
an example, I'm using AECOM as a name, works worldwide on data centers. And because we 
are approved and supplied to many of their data centers or where they are consultants, 
automatically, you get the inquiry and you're on the preferred vendor list. 
So I would say our focus is not specifically India or any place for that. But of course, in India, 
because we have a base, we are reaching out to AECOM and other big players in the Indian 
geography as well as in the Southeast Asian markets because many of the offices in the region, 
either the offices in Southeast Asia look after India or Indian offices look after Southeast Asia.  
So I would say that is our focus area. But yes, as I mentioned last time, we do have good 
opportunities given that we have supplied to a large number of Amazon as well as Meta as well 
as Equinox data centers in the U.S. and also in Southeast Asia. So we are looking forward to 
new opportunities here.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
But just to put it in context for you, at the moment, there are 4,000 data centers operational in 
America, and there are 2,000 data centers which have already received planning permission. In 
comparison to that, there are currently 20 data centers seeking planning permission in India. So 
just so that we understand the difference of scale. 
Shrikant: 
Okay. My next follow-up question on that. So what our view of the nuclear opportunities that 
are in India? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Nuclear opportunity. What are the nuclear opportunities? 
Shrikant: 
Nuclear pumps that we are -- are we seeing nuclear energy that government is putting to have a 
larger energy mix. So how do you see that opportunity? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
We are quite bullish about that opportunity. As I have mentioned earlier, we historically have 
been on the secondary side. We have been on the primary side for the fast breeder reactor. And 
we also have developed the primary heat transfer pump for the fleet order requirements. The 
pumps that we have developed have been hydraulically proved, mechanically proved.  
And I think this was a prototype pump. The performance was far better than expected, far better 
than expected by NPCIL. And one change that we need to make is the material, which we believe 
that we will be able to do that as well. So we believe that we will be participating in the primary 
heat transfer pump for the fleet order. 
That being said, let's understand that no single company will get all the orders because 
government when it's putting up so many power stations at one time, cannot depend on one 
company. The other pumps that were required, there were three other primary circuit pumps that 
were required.  
The company has invested by itself because you know the company invests close to 2% of its 
turnover on R&D every year. So we decided that since the opportunity is large, we will make 2 
more types of pumps. Both of them have, I believe, passed all the tests required by NPCIL. So 
those also will be considered by the players who participate in putting up power stations. There's 
one more pump that is required on the primary side that also should be getting ready in this 
quarter.  
So this is as far as the primary circuit of the nuclear power plant is concerned. On the secondary 
side, we have a full suite of pumps that have been used for the power stations and our -- 
especially our large circulating water pumps, which are known for their reliability. And I'd like 
to mention it over here, the first pumps that we supplied to what was then Bombay Suburban 
Electric Supply are running at almost the same efficiency and the spare parts that were supplied 
with the pump in 1994 have still not been used.  
So they are absolutely reliable. And they are what we call lowest life cycle cost pumps. So no 
requirement of spare parts. I think we have also told you a little earlier that on the thermal side, 
we have been working with Adani Power. We have been favored with orders for the first few 
stations.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
And I think it's only because they have seen the performance of these pumps, which will last 
longer than the life of the power station. The company's products are known for high efficiency 
and high reliability. And I think we've also told you that we were the first ones in the world to 
make pumps which meet European efficiency standards before any of our large European 
competitors. So we work in a way that ensures that the customer gets value for money. And 
despite being not L1, we get orders. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Raj Shah from Enam AMC. 
Raj Shah: 
My question was on the progress that we have made on the IOCL retail pumps order, how we 
have executed till now? And do we expect more such orders in the coming periods? 
Rama Kirloskar: 
So I'll give you just a summary of what's happening in the oil and gas sector. In general, for API 
and non-API, we are seeing expansion in refineries. There is a BPCL, Bina Vadinar expansion 
happening as well as Kochi refinery, IOCL has a few expansions. So we are focusing on all these 
projects.  
Other than that, we are also concentrating on offshore floating platforms, other applications in 
the fertilizer segment as well for ammonia, carbonate, lean and semi-lean amine solution. And 
we also see an expanding export market. For the retail pumps that you are talking about, we have 
already supplied quite a few.  
I've mentioned this many times is that generally around 30,000 such quantities are ordered every 
year from various PSUs. So that would be the total potential. Of course, we are also putting up 
many more petrol stations, so that should increase in the future. We have already developed and 
supplied and they are working. So we are taking a conservative approach there because this is a 
new product for us, and we want to ensure that everything goes smoothly. 
Raj Shah: 
Got it. Second question was on the PPT, Slide number 8, is this elimination line item, which 
normally used to be for the quarter in the single-digit terms. But in this quarter, the EBITDA for 
elimination has risen to Rs.56 crores. So I just wanted to understand, is there any change in the 
strategy or transactions that take place between various entities of the organization? 
HEMANT SHALIGRAM 
No, I think there is no change in the accounting policy as such. I think it is the impact of that. It 
is the impact of the regular transaction. I think it is mentioned in the detailed note in the 
financials. 
Raj Shah: 
Okay. I'll have a check. Secondly, can you please quantify the reversal of provisions, the receipt 
of erstwhile debtors for the quarter in standalone entity? 
HEMANT SHALIGRAM 
I think it might be around Rs.40 crores, Rs.50 crores that we could able to collect from our old 
customers. So of which we have made the provision in our books. So we got this money so we 
reversed that one. 
Raj Shah: 
Rs.40 crores to Rs.50 crores. Is that correct? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Raj Shah: 
Okay. My last question was to Alok. So we have been mentioning that our focus has been to 
grow the Benelux region through various products as well as service offerings. So the Dutch 
entity has been reporting very good growth numbers since last few quarters. So I just wanted to 
know the update over there of what efforts we are taking? And also in conjunction with the fish-
friendly pumps that we have been talking about where we have been expecting some orders, if 
you can please highlight on? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes. So the Dutch entities, they are, like we said, focused on water, as well as services and also 
contracts. A lot of the contracts the Dutch entities do come from Turkish contractors because 
Turkish contractors at the moment are the most aggressive in Eastern Europe as well as CIS 
countries.  
So I would say those are where a lot of the contracts come from and also, sorry, from Spanish 
contractors, big contractors like Técnicas Reunidas. So there are quite a few projects going on, 
I would say, through these European contractors for projects mostly outside Europe. But I 
mentioned last time one major project, which is called Stegra, which is a project for green 
hydrogen for steel production. So it's what they call green steel.  
So we were the first pump company to get this reference in Europe for green steel with Stegra. 
And we believe a lot of steel companies will start moving towards green steel. And our reference 
here will be very useful because of the use of hydrogen in the production of steel. So I would 
say there are some projects like this, which are doing well.  
We do see traction on water supply in Benelux, especially in Netherlands and in Belgium. At 
the same time, there is going to be like the U.K., which I mentioned, the AMP8 cycle, there is a 
new cycle coming up in the Netherlands this year. And we hope that we should get some 
momentum from it later this year or next year. So there are quite a few opportunities there on 
the water side.  
Fish-friendly projects, yes, they're both coming up in Benelux as well as in the U.K.  The U.K. 
has also recently adopted the European fish-friendly norms. I understand from the numbers put 
up by the environment agency because fish-friendly pumps are going into canals and things like 
that. They don't come under the water utility companies.  
They come under the environment agencies. And so a lot of these fish-friendly pumps are going 
to be changed by environment agency. And I understand that almost -- actually over 300 pump 
stations are being evaluated just in the U.K. for retrofits to fish-friendly pumps. So yes, I mean, 
we do see opportunities there.  
As you know, we already have sold a few in the Netherlands. We have operational references in 
the Netherlands for these kinds of big pumps. So yes, I think we are still looking forward to more 
opportunities there. I would not say they are at the level that we are expecting at the moment 
because I think these are projects and they take time to fruition. But I think the government at 
least has put the regulation that they have to be done. So we hope that we will start seeing them 
coming up in larger numbers maybe later this year or next year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Hemant Shaligram for his closing comments. 
Hemant Shaligram: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We trust the discussion provided 
with you with a comprehensive overview of our business and address your questions. Should 
you have any further queries or require any additional clarification, please feel free to reach out 
to SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. We sincerely appreciate your continued trust and 
support and wishing you all the pleasant day. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirloskar Brothers Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
