Email: investor.relations@tracxn.com 
Ph: +91 90360 90116 
Website: www.tracxn.com 
 
 February 10, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543638 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.​
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block,​
Bandra-Kurla Complex​
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Company Code: TRACXN 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor/Analyst Earnings Call held on Thursday, February 05, 2026  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
This is in continuation to our letter dated February 05, 2026, wherein we had informed regarding the 
video link of the earnings call with analysts/investors for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2025.  
 
In this regard, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said call.  
 
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website i.e.  
 
https://cdn.tracxn.com/investor-relations/financials/Q3FY26_Earnings_Call_Transcript__-ZlU-YVetJ
SNWT9o3RPBH.pdf  
 
 
Kindly take the above said information on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tracxn Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Megha Tibrewal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A39158 
 
Encl. A/a 
 
TRACXN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED | CIN: L72200KA2012PLC065294 
Registered Address: No. L-248, 2nd Floor, 17th Cross, Sector 6, HSR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka, 560102 
 
MEGHA 
TIBREWAL
Digitally signed by 
MEGHA TIBREWAL 
Date: 2026.02.10 
18:18:05 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY26-Earnings Conference Call 
February  5th, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Ms. Neha Singh, Chairperson and Managing Director 
Mr. Abhishek Goyal, Executive Director 
Mr. Prashant Chandra, Chief Financial Officer 
 
Host and Moderator: 
Ms. Devanshi Kamdar Systematix Shares and Stocks (India) Ltd 
Mr. Sidharth Agrawal, Systematix Shares and Stocks (India) Ltd 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  1 

 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for joining us today for the Q3 FY26 and nine 
months FY26 earnings call of Tracxn Technologies Limited. On behalf of Systematix, it is 
Siddharth and me, thanks for giving us the opportunity to host the management of Tracxn 
Technologies Limited. 
Today on the call we have with us Ms. Neha Singh, Chairperson and Managing Director, Mr. 
Abhishek Goyal, Executive Director and Mr. Prashant Chandra, CFO. I would now like to hand 
over the call to Neha to give us opening remarks and take us through the PPT and after that 
we'll open up the floor for Q&A session.  
Please use the hands raised option to ask questions or you can also submit your questions in 
the Q&A box at the bottom of your screen. 
Thanks and with that over to Neha. 
 
Neha 
Thanks a lot, Devanshi. A warm welcome to everyone joining us today. Thanks for taking out 
time for our earnings call for the third quarter of the financial year FY26. 
In terms of the format, it will be similar to the previous time. We would like to run through a short 
presentation which will share some key highlights about the period. It will take about 15 minutes 
and then we'll follow it up with a Q&A session. I request you to kindly take note of the standard 
disclaimers for this presentation. A quick recap on our business for those who are joining us for 
the first time. Tracxn is a data and software platform for the global private market. 
 
If you look at the public market, it has created multiple large companies, many of which are 
profitable cash rich companies. As private markets as an asset class is becoming large and 
important, it will also create platforms like this. We are building a global platform in this case. If 
you look at our customers, they include venture capital funds, private equity funds, investment 
banks, as well as M&A and innovation teams of large Fortune 500 corporations. Also, it's a 
global platform, so more than half of our revenue is international and we have customers from 
over 50 countries. I would like to begin by summarizing the financial performance of Q3 FY26 
and the 9 months FY26. 
 
To set the context, we have one vehicle, one entity, so you'll not see terms like standalone. It's 
for the business overall. Revenue from operations for Q3 was 21 crores and 63.5 crores for the 
9 months FY26. EBITDA for the quarter was negative 1.7 crores. This EBITDA also includes all 
the non-cash expense like ESOP  charge. PAT was positive both for Q3 and 9 months. 
 
PAT for Q3 and 9 months was positive 0.1 crore and 1.7 crore respectively. Our customer's 
account of volume growth was fairly high. Our number of active customer accounts reached 
2,246 at the end of 9 months, which was a 32% increase on a year on year basis. 
 
On the cash side, cash and cash equivalents stood at 90.2 crores. Please note this includes net 
of buyback cash outgo which was done in H1FY26. On the subsequent slide, we have also 
provided the year on year and historical numbers for reference. 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  2 

 
 
Coming to profitability, 9 months FY26 was PAT positive. We talked about EBITDA and PAT in 
the previous slide. Please note that these include also the non-cash expense, primarily ESOP 
expense. If we exclude these non-cash expense, adjusted PAT was negative 10 lakhs for the 9 
months and adjusted PAT was positive 3.7 crores for the 9 months FY26. Another metric that we 
talk about is incremental revenue going to the bottom line. Currently, we are investing in growth 
and hence you do not see the margin expansion happening in Q3. However, we continue to 
show this because as the growth rates accelerate, the margins improved at a fairly fast pace. 
For instance, historically, we've been able to add as high as 80% of the incremental revenue to 
the bottom line.  
 
Coming to expenses, our total expense for the 9 months was 66.1 crores which is a 7% year on 
year increase. On the right-hand side of this slide, we have also given the expense breakup 
across the key components. The key components are similar to what you would have seen 
earlier but just to summarize, first, bulk of our expense is skill costs. In 9 months FY26, this 
accounted for 88% of the total expense. Please also note that all our team is in-house so there 
is no outsourced or contract workforce.  
 
The second largest item is cloud hosting costs which accounted for 3% of the total expense as 
we do a lot of data processing and analytics. This is followed by rental expense. The other 
interesting aspect is that you don't see a large paid marketing line expense item because we 
don't have large spend in virtual marketing nor offline-based because typically it's required by 
companies for customer acquisition. The reason is that we are a data company so we are able 
to use a lot of content that we produce to to get traffic organically. Also, there's a fairly high 
operating leverage so for the period that you see from over here FY21 to the current quarter, the 
revenue has nearly doubled. The expenses increased at 44% but the headcount has only grown 
by 11% because it's a fairly high margin product business.  
 
Moving to the volume growth in terms of the customer accounts and users, it increased at a 
fairly high pace. We closed December 25 at 2,246 accounts which is a 32% growth on a 
year-on-year basis. The number of users was 6,156 which is a 33% growth on a year-on-year 
basis. So we continue to acquire customers at a fairly good pace.  
 
Moving to some of the other metrics, the free cash flow for the company was slightly negative 
2.6 crores. This was driven by higher employee benefit expense due to increased headcount 
and slightly lower billing as compared to the previous year in the same period. Cash and cash 
equivalents stood at 90.2 crores. Please note that this is also net of the cash utilized for 
buyback which was concluded in Q2 of the current financial year. 
 
Moving to other details on the customer base, starting with the spread of customers by type. So 
if you look at the accounts as at the end of nine months, FY26, 49% of the accounts were from 
in the investment industry. This includes the private market investors, VC funds, PE funds, 
investment bank, family offices, etc. 47% were corporates. This includes primarily corporate 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  3 

 
development teams, M&A teams, innovation teams at these corporates, consulting companies, 
etc. The remaining were others which includes academic institutions, government agencies, and 
others. So we continue to have a healthy spread across the investment as well as across the 
corporate ecosystem.  
 
So essentially we serve a very diverse and rich customer segment. This slide gives an 
expanded summary of the titles within the investment industry and the corporates that we work 
with. So this gives us a large addressable market to tap into.  
 
In terms of geographical split, 56% of the revenue for the nine months was from outside India. 
These customers span over 50 countries. The top five markets by customer accounts were 
India, US, UK, Singapore, and Germany. So essentially, the simplest of geographies that you 
have large corporate and private market AUMs.  
 
Talking a bit about the market, if you look at the market activity, it continues to be sideways. In 
terms of the private market investments in 2025, it was slightly better than 2024. But in terms of 
dollar deploy, it was down over 40% from the peak. And in terms of the deal volume, it was a 
10-year low, both in India as well as internationally. Similar was the trend that you also saw in 
the late-stage activity, which was down actually 70% from the peak. 
 
Coming to the global M&A market, here the recovery has been much better. So 2025 showed 
continued recovery in terms of the M&A deal volume, and it was only down less than 20% from 
the peak.  
 
Coming to some of the other growth metrices, the volume growth continues to be high.On the 
left-hand side, you see the QoQ trend in terms of the number of ending accounts. And on the 
right-hand side, you see the number of net customer accounts that got added in each quarter. 
So if you see the net accounts addition per quarter, historically, this number has been anywhere 
between 30 to 60 net new accounts getting added on a quarterly basis. 
 
Last year, it increased to more than 100 net new accounts getting added every quarter. And this 
momentum continues in Q3 of the current financial year, where it saw 103 net new accounts 
getting added. The number of paid customers had crossed 2,200 last quarter. There's a similar 
trend in terms of number of users within these accounts as well. So historically, we used to add 
anywhere between 40 to 80 net new users on a quarterly basis. This increased to over 200 
users per quarter last year, which is a multi-fold increase. This continued in the latest quarter as 
well. And the first nine months of the current financial year saw more than 1,000 users getting 
added. The total number of users across the paid accounts have crossed 6,000 in the latest 
quarter. 
 
The other interesting metric is the growth of the India BU overall. In terms of the growth 
initiatives we talked about, we mentioned about the vertical team as one of our key growth 
areas. Given that we cater to a large, varied sort of customer personas, these are business 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  4 

 
units by customer segments. And most of the vertical teams have various customer segments, 
but initially launched in India first. So while we talk about acceleration that we've seen across 
the individual units,  
 
I also wanted to give a growth that we've seen overall in the India BU. So in the first nine 
months, India BU continued to grow at a good pace.The number of accounts increased at 43% 
on a year-on-year basis, and the revenue increased at 14% on a year-on-year basis. So this 
playbook of vertical teams, think about smaller business units, is working well, and we are in the 
process of replicating, as we had mentioned earlier, to other geographies as well.  
 
We also give the split of the growth rates across international segments to help you triangulate. 
So as you can see, there's still impact that we see in certain international geos, which impacted 
the overall growth rate. Our plan is to expand the sales through extending the sales team within 
these geographies, which is vertical customer segment-wise B.U. teams for the selected 
customer segments, as well as through partnership, and additionally also investing in 
augmenting data. So this is what we had led to the acceleration in India, and also some of the 
other geos that we'll talk about later. And once that happens, it should make the overall growth 
rate look much better.  
 
In parallel, we have also been investing in augmenting our teams across the various growth 
initiatives. This is primarily across GTM units, which is sales, sales support, and marketing.So 
while the headcount in the data operations has been reducing due to AI, these investments 
have led to a slight net increase in the headcount on a QoQ basis and a temporary reduction in 
profitability. However, we believe that these investments will accelerate growth and lead to a 
higher profitability in the upcoming quarters. Apart from that, we at our end have been investing 
heavily across various growth initiatives across the last few quarters, and we expect more 
results of this to come going forward. 
 
So I'll also take a couple of minutes to talk to give you an overview of the growth initiatives that 
we are aggressively working on.  
 
So one of the key initiatives is scaling our sales team, primarily the closing sales team size. So 
this closing sales team size has been around 30 sales for the last one to two years, and earlier 
we were doing primarily inbound. Now that we have the vertical teams which are working well, 
we are doing both inbound as well as outbound, and hence we are looking to scale these 
teams. So we plan to double this team from a current stand of about 34 in the beginning of this 
year to 60 by the end of this calendar year of 2026. So this would mean larger teams for the 
existing verticals as well as extending this to other geos, mainly the sales teams which are 
based out of India but catering to international geos like US and UK. We expect this to have a 
meaningful impact on the new customer acquisition.  
 
Coming to the India BU in the nine months, the India BU revenue grew at 14% year on year 
while the number of customer accounts grew at over 40%. We expect this to accelerate 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  5 

 
because in the current financial year we had undertaken significant investments in expanding 
our data sets and offerings which were requested a lot by the new and existing customers. 
 
So one of the data sets that we expanded is the coverage of private company financials which 
increased by over 10x in the last quarter making it best in class across all platforms in India. 
Furthermore, we now have comprehensive coverage of private limited companies including over 
3 million legal entities, 2.5 million directors, over 50,000 corporate structured trees and more. 
We also added data sets that corporates buy including legal entity report which have detailed 
risk indicators or 20 plus financial ratios. 
 
Sales is another vertical that is growing well for us within India and we are adding more data 
sets including people data here. So for a lot of these data sets we now have best in class 
coverage and hence we expect the acceleration the customer acquisition which will help the 
revenue growth and help us sort of increasing market share in existing segments as well as in 
the other segments like private equity and investment bank. This also helps us break into newer 
customer segments like debt market which is selling to NBFCs and other financial institutions. 
 
Coming to the international view in Q3 the number of customer accounts grew by 17% on a 
year-on-year basis in the overall geo. Here we are doing two things, augmenting the sales effort 
as well as augmenting the required data sets. So on the data side we made significant push 
towards expanding our data coverage across certain geos particularly in UK and the US. In UK 
for instance we now have a fairly good coverage of private company financials with over 4 
million data sets. We also increased our company coverage by over 4x, augmented loans and 
charges data to over 2.6 million. In US we augmented our company coverage and transactions 
data. Additionally there are certain data sets requested by customers which we are in the 
process of adding which includes things like headcount data, revenue estimates, people and 
CXO data. Furthermore in the last quarter we had entered into partnership with TMX Datalinx 
which is the information services division of TMX group, the owner of Canada's largest stock 
exchange. So it's a fairly large financial institution with a market cap of over 10 billion. 
 
With this collaboration we were able to reach the financial institutions in the network of TMX 
Datalinx in Canada and North America. So we are really excited about it and we expect this to 
increase our customer acquisition especially in the enterprise space in North America. 
Additionally we have also made our investment banking and venture capital vertical teams live 
in UK and US with the objective of replicating the India playbook. 
 
So just to give you an example of this playbook the revenue growth rate for the UK geo 
improved from a negative 3% in last year FY25 to a positive 7% in the first nine months of the 
current financial year. So this is a great estimate and we believe that continuing this playbook 
we should be able to increase our growth in the other geos as well.  
 
Coming to the vertical team or the specialized team we had set up for most key customer 
segment we continue to see good results. So just to give you some context these are like mini 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  6 

 
business units. So initially this team starts working on new sales when they are able to 
accelerate the customer acquisition rates. Later they also take up engagement thereby 
increasing activation and account penetration and eventually also start doing marketing 
initiatives. 
 
A good example being investment banks which we have talked about earlier. This is a team that 
sells to investment banks both through Inbound and Outbound. In addition to investing in sales 
in this segment we have also invested in augmenting the data coverage which has helped to 
improve conversions in this segment. 
 
This includes things like increasing the coverage of traditional sectors, private company 
financials and key ratios, VC and PE investor  database. We have also expanded this vertical to 
other geos like UK and US where we are seeing good initial traction. Overall continue to see 
good results.  The logo penetration in India continues to increase at one percent on a 
month-on-month basis. In India the number of accounts grew by over 50 percent with the 
revenue grew by nearly 16 percent. International the accounts grew by over 60 percent. 
Additionally in Q3 our coverage of private company financials for an Indian company became 
best in class and this week this was one of the key data sets requested by these customer 
segments and because of which we expect the growth rates to further accelerate.  
 
Another vertical that is working well is corporate sales team. So this is a specialized team 
focused on corporate sales who are typically looking to scout and analyze companies across 
sectors and geos for lead generation, market analysis, competitor benchmarking, business 
development mandates. So this is a fairly large market and we are able to give a very curated 
list of targets to go behind because of our detailed sector coverages. So in addition we are also 
working towards augmenting some of the additional data sets on the platform as required by this 
customer segment. 
 
For instance this includes things like pin code data, CXO profiles and adding more 
parameters.For instance a company tech stack which helps users identify companies in their 
technology in a more targeted manner. So we have started scaling this to other geographies 
internationally as well and we're seeing good initial traction. The customer count increased by 
more than 80 percent in this segment including high growth rates across India as well as 
international geos. 
 
The revenue grew by almost 23 percent in Q3 FY26 on a year-on-year basis. So we continue to 
augment the data required by this segment especially in North America and hence we can 
expect further acceleration to happen in this segment as well.  
 
Apart from that there are some other segments where we have verticals team that we have 
talked about previously but just to give a big summary on that universities. So university in 
addition to being a revenue segment it's also a great marketing channel for us as majority of our 
relevant customers come from the top universities globally. So since formation of this vertical 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  7 

 
unit we have been able to significantly increase our market share get many of the top logos 
including many of the IIMs, IITs and others. Example five of the top six IIMs are our customers 
as well as we are also able to work on building deeper engagements with these institutions. For 
instance we have been able to include Tracxn in the relevant coursework of many universities 
including many top tier ones like IIMs and ISBs like building a very long-term MOAT. In Q3 FY26 
the number of customer accounts grew by 68% on a year-on-year basis and the revenue grew 
by 15%. In India this was higher and the number of customer accounts grew by nearly 70% and 
the revenue grew by over 50%. 
 
Startups is another segment where we get high volumes of inbound. Their use cases include 
competitor intelligence, market research, business development. We have expanded the use 
cases for this segment over time. 
 
Accelerator incubators are another segment wherein we work with private accelerators, 
government incubators, universities and corporate incubators globally. Here we have been 
bringing grants data to the platform to help incubator portfolio companies access government 
funding and support. So to summarize the vertical team segment is working very well for us. 
 
We now have nearly a dozen vertical teams which are live and because we serve a fairly 
diverse customer segment across the financial institution corporate through this architecture we 
have grabbed a fairly repeatable playbook and we expect to see growth acceleration across 
different segments as well.  
 
Apart from these there are some other initiatives that are working well and I'll give a quick 
update on those. So one of the interesting initiatives that we have talked about previously is 
scaling our organic traffic. So this continues to be an area of focus for us. Being a data company 
we are able to use a lot of the data that we own to launch large public pages which generates a 
lot of traffic. So if you look at the organic search traffic we got across all our pages this was 
nearly 19 million in the first nine months of the current financial year. So this is a fairly large 
traffic funnel that we've been able to build. Also we continue to increase this even further. For 
instance the current traffic's annual run rate has reached over 25 million which is higher than 
last year's. 
 
Also another interesting growth initiative that we had launched recently is TracxnLite. To give a 
quick context we launched TracxnLite for product-led growth to increase the awareness about 
the richness of the platform among global customers. With TracxnLite users get access to the 
entire platform when they sign up. Though there are obvious limitations such as restricted daily 
limits of profile views export in certain platform modules. Over two years, it has been over two 
years since launch and we have got over 2.5 lakhs sign up for TracxnLite. So this is a large set 
of users that we were able to sign up. So this large set of users are getting familiar with the 
platform and this helps us in building a very good acquisition pipeline.  
Moving on another interesting growth initiative that we've been working on is expanding our 
coverage of regulatory data of private companies across countries. For instance this includes a 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  8 

 
variety of information on private companies across the various government registries and other 
government databases. 
 
One of the information is for instance of the financials and cap table data sets of private 
companies which are particularly in demand by certain customer segments like private equity 
and investment bank among others. So talking about financials in specific today we track 
financials of private companies in over 20 countries globally. We have significantly increased our 
coverage of these data sets in particular detailed financials and revenue data. Q3 in specific 
saw one of the largest increments in this data set. So as you can see from the graph overall in 
the last two years we have increased the coverage of this data set by over 50x. At the end of Q3 
FY26 we had over 2.3 million companies with revenue data and over 6.3 million companies with 
detailed financials available on the platform. And interestingly we've been able to add these data 
sets at a fairly rapid pace without a significant increase in headcount. This is again a strong 
testament to the level of automation and intelligence we've been able to build as part of our 
infrastructure that enables us to scale very efficiently.  
 
Coming to cap tables, cap tables are requested by investors to see the detailed shareholding 
valuation, latest as well as historical share price of private companies. Today we track cap 
tables across over 15 countries. In the last two years we've increased the coverage of cap 
tables and detailed shareholding from 39,000 to over 350,000. This is nearly a 9x increase. 
 
Another good example is legal entity database which we launched about two years back. Today 
we have about 65 million entities. Major countries by coverage include US, UK, Japan, India, 
Australia, Brazil. A lot of the regulatory data is around legal entities so we continue to augment 
these data sets. This enables us to increase penetration in some of the new as well as existing 
customer segments.  
 
Another initiative that we've been aggressively working on is leveraging AI for data production. 
This is giving us great results. We are able to multiply and augment our data sets while reducing 
the manual intervention and even shrinking headcount. In 2024 for instance we expanded the 
coverage of the key data points by over 5x while the data production team's headcount reduced 
by 10% in the same period. In 2025 last year we further multiplied the coverage of these key 
data points by over 4x while in parallel the data production team's headcount got optimized by 
an additional 20%.  
This is a very strong testament to the use of automation and AI in data production. By using AI 
for data production we have been not even able to multiply the pace at which we are able to add 
data especially around processing unstructured documents, regulatory filings etc but it has also 
allowed us to launch new data set at a much more faster pace than ever before. This continues 
to be an area of focus and we are fairly excited about the results that we are getting from this.  
 
Another growth initiative that we have talked about is press mentions. So in the nine months 
FY26 we got over 3,000 press mentions which is a 50% increase from the same period last year 
and we were also able to do some very prominent partnership in this period including a report 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  9 

 
by Economic Times covering top Sunicons and Minicons of Maharashtra, Economic Times 
Startup Awards which is a prominent annual event, we were report partners for the Bangalore 
Innovation Report and last time I'd mentioned that we are also looking to expand to some of the 
other geos so glad to share that we have got good visual success in that. We received brand 
mentions across international publications including Forbes, Khaleej Times, Singapore Business 
Review among others. So we believe that this goes a long way in building a brand as a data 
company and helps in a sales conversion.  
 
So to summarize some of the growth initiatives that you can expect to see in 2026 are on the 
India BU front we plan to scale the sales team across the verticals from the current nearly 25 to 
about 40 by the end of the calendar year. We already have market leadership for most data 
modules and with the augmentation of financial data which was done in Q3 we now also have 
best in class in that data module which was one of the requested ones and here you can expect 
so you know in this BU overall you can expect to see further acceleration.  
 
On the international BU front you will see us working both on augmenting sales as well as data. 
So on the data front there are some data sets that we are adding especially in US, like your 
revenue estimate headcount data valuation data and in parallel we are also scaling the sales 
effort. So this is by both by scaling the internal sales team from the current less than 10 to about 
25 by the end of the year as well as working with a sales partner in North America. You may 
potentially add one or two in certain non-English geos.  
 
Another area is AI and data production this continues to be a big area of focus for us because 
this enables us to augment data sets and to cover gaps with our international peers in a fairly 
short span of time what would have otherwise taken them like a few years to build as well as we 
are able to launch new data sets for the prioritize segments right like they are pin code data 
people data right LP data etc. And on the regulatory data front we plan to build comprehensive 
coverage on private company data available for the legal entities mainly related to financials 
transactions headcount IP in some of the key prioritize geographies like US and UK and just to 
note for India this is already done so hopefully this gives you a good idea of what to expend in 
2026.  
 
So this covers most of the updates from the recent period in the subsequent slides we have 
some added some other KPIs as well as detailed financial statements that we may go through 
for more details. So thanks that's all the key items I wanted to share and passing it back to 
Devanshi for any Q&A that the group might have. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you so much Neha for taking us through the that was quite an insightful discussion. So 
now we open the floor for Q&A so to ask the questions participants can raise their hands and 
we will unmute them one by one. Also there you can put your questions in the Q&A box and we 
shall take them up as well. 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  10 

 
We'll wait for two minutes for the question Q&A. Yeah, first question is from Aryaman Pawar. 
Yeah you can unmute yourself  
 
Aryamaan Pawar 
Ya, Hi Neha, So I was just seeing your corporate sales and they have done fairly well I think it's 
up 23 percent. So I was assuming that the international markets’ the revenue that has been 
down was largely because of corporate sales not clicking. So I mean where is the pain in the 
international sales happening currently? 
 
Neha 
So International it's mainly some of the segments which are seeing most impact primarily you 
know your venture VC segment. So even if you look at the market activity that continues to be 
fairly sideways and one of the lowest in the last 10 years. So that is the impact that we see and 
some of the other verticals. So you know essentially so VC is probably most impacted and some 
of the other verticals are sort of growing. Like even if you look at a geography like India, wherein 
you know, the overall growth rate are higher there, a segment like we feel still flattish and we are 
able to sort of have the overall growth because some of the other segments are growing well for 
us. 
 
Aryamaan Pawar 
Sure and also seeing the UK numbers, they are super strong. So I think, is this largely because 
of a sales team presence there or because we have increased coverage? 
 
Neha 
Yeah, so that's a great thing. And you know, we had mentioned about it last time that this is like 
we are replicating the India playbook and UK is a great example of you know, that it has worked 
and sort of works in a very predictable manner. So you basically, you know, did two things.One 
is augmented the sales and then you augmented also the data sets. It's on both the side, you 
saw sort of good updates being there. Like if you look at UK, we also augmented the data sets 
that is required by the by the customer segments, like you know, your financials, companies, 
etc, that we augmented. And the second thing is that we augmented the sales team. So some of 
the vertical teams which were live, you know, in India, we had, we had extended that to the UK, 
right? So in UK, that turnaround, you know, sort of happened in a few quarters. 
 
Aryamaan Pawar 
Sure. And then how tough would this be to replicate and say US or a completely different 
market? 
 
Neha 
Yeah, no, so that is a plan. And, you know, that is where we see, you know, like, we should the 
overall growth rate should start looking better. So you know, replicating that in the US, that is a 
plan for this year. And we've also started you already started working on so one is, you know, 
you're augmenting of the data sets that is there. Right, so that is already there. And then even 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  11 

 
on the sales, right, like we sort of closed one partnership, and as well as we are scaling the 
vertical sales team. So you will see us doing, you know, a lot of things in that front this year. 
 
Aryamaan Pawar 
And this last question, the augmentation part, especially in UK took us four quarters, right? If I 
am not wrong. 
 
Neha 
About, yes, three, four quarters about, from the US for the other geo. Yeah, so we have already 
probably, you know, had started doing this, you know, work in this UK, at least us from last 
quarter itself. And that will continue in this and the subsequent quarters. 
 
Aryamaan Pawar 
Sure. Thank you. 
 
Neha 
Thanks. 
 
Moderator 
The participants are requested to limit yourself to two questions. And then later, you can join the 
queue again. So that you know, we can cater to all the questions that are coming up. 
 
So our next question is from Anurag Arora, you can unmute yourself and ask the question. 
Anurag, are you there? I guess we can take the next question from Praneeth. 
Sorry, you can unmute yourself and ask a question. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti 
Hi, yeah, thanks for the opportunity. So I understand that we are able to grow the sales like we 
have done a good job over the last three quarters in terms of developing your business units 
and all of it. But I was wondering in terms of our EBITDA, we are still not able to scale it. 
I understand it's going to take time. But could you give us some guidance on when will it actually 
turn EBITDA? Because right now, at a PAT level, basically, we're just getting money because 
based on interest, when are we going to move into profitability, not just because of our cash, but 
also because our business operations are also developing and sales are developing 
accordingly. 
 
Neha 
Thanks for that question. So I'll just take it up. So right now, see, in our business, you know, 
there is a fair amount of operating leverage. What that means is that you know, whenever your 
growth rate increases, your EBITDA actually increases at a fairly fast pace. Right. And that is 
why we continue to, you know, show that slide and have that because like just two, three years 
back, we were able to add as high as 80% of the incremental revenue in the top line, right? 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  12 

 
Like for instance, if the revenue increased by 20 crores, the EBITDA actually in that year 
increased by 15 crores. So the EBITDA actually increases at a fairly fast pace because of just 
the nature of our business high margin and operating leverage. That is why we are not focusing 
so much on the EBITDA, we are more focusing on the growth, right? 
 
So, you know, there are, because of the impact that we saw in some, you know, we have to, we 
are sort of augmenting the other things that is required to actually, you know, give us that. And 
once the overall, you know, sort of growth rate increases, the EBITDA actually increases at a 
much more faster pace, right? And, you know, we still are sort of fairly judicious and about in the 
amount of, you know, the investments that we are doing. So we still have, you know, cash in 
bank, nearly 90 crores, right? So that is still there. And, you know, right now we focus, we, you 
know, we are focusing on growth. 
And, you know, once that happens within like a couple of quarters, I think the EBITDA should 
start, you know, looking positive and, you know, increase at a faster pace. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti 
Got it, understood. So the reason I've been specifically asking is, I've been tracking the 
company since that EBITDA conversion has been the highest. So I've been waiting for the 
company to go back, which is the exciting part about software businesses that the incremental 
EBITDA will come much quicker. But the thing is, we have had substantial degrowth in our 
international business that we're not able to scale it. I was just wondering, do you think the 
degrowth has stopped? Or how do you see the degrowth in our international business? 
And going forward, do we expect sales continue to grow? Or is there still potential for the old 
accounts to stop renewal or that sort of thing? 
 
Neha 
Right. Yeah. Yeah. 
No, that's a good question. So actually, See, in talking about the international market, so, you 
know, so if you look at the market activity, both in India as well as internationally, right, so it was 
similar, right? But in India, for instance, we were able to turn it around last year, because of all 
the initiatives that we are doing. We were also able to replicate that in the UK. And we now have 
to do it. So there's the overall growth rate still looks lower because of the impact that is still 
there, especially primarily in the US, you know, as the geography. 
And so this is our focus this year, that, you know, this year, we'll try to, we are doing, you know, 
sort of the similar things that we did in the other geographies in the in the US as the geography. 
And hopefully, that should make the overall international growth look better. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti 
But do you think we bottomed out in terms of our loss in accounts or, let's say, the overall 
market cycle of going further down? Like, because I'm curious, for us, our accounts increase in 
the US, we still need that new fund cycle to start. But do you think we're at the bottom? 
Or do you think there's further way to go? 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  13 

 
Neha 
Oh, hopefully, we have had, you know, say, like one or two annual cycles for most of the 
accounts, which, you know, which were probably impacted, you know, right. But, you know, I 
think we also have to sort of, you know, augment like the other segments, right, like, which are 
sort of working well in the other geos. And, right, so I think we'll have to probably see that. 
But, you know, most likely, we've already had like a few cycles for most of these accounts, right. 
And once the other segment sort of starts growing, well, I think we should look better. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti 
Got it. So I also understand that I think our family, India family offices played a huge role in 
terms of contributing for our growth and universities also. What are those key markets that you 
see, let's say, in the US, and in the UK, which might drive your growth? 
Because I understand the overall existing of VCs and the old school investing has remained. Do 
you see any new green shoots in terms of new types of structures coming into the market, 
which you see a lot of growth in? 
 
Neha 
Right, right. Yeah, so sure. So in terms of the segments, so the segments which are sort of 
doing well for us, like investment banking is one segment that is doing well. 
Right. Corporate sales is another segment that is growing at more than 20% for us, both across 
India and international combined, right number of accounts are growing at 80%. So that is 
growing well. And there are some segments which are, which are smaller, but then, you know, 
good potential. So for instance, like, your private equity is another segment that we have 
prioritized, right? Because now, we had also augmented the data that is required for that 
segment. 
 
So that is one university is a smaller segment, but that's a good marketing channel for us. 
Because of the fact that we added, you know, your whole company data, we are also able to go 
behind banks, right? And debt is the market, because they require sort of more information 
about the legal entities. And now we have, you know, much detailed information about those. So 
that's another newer segment that, you know, that has opened up for us. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti 
Understood. Could you give some perspective on how our total addressable market changed? 
Because over the last year and a half, we've substantially added new products, new type of 
customers and everything.Could you give us, let's say, six months ago, 12 months ago, and like 
18 months ago, how our addressable market has changed? And what is our potential in terms of 
market share in each addressable market? Because I was wondering, like, how do we expand 
our market? And how are we doing in those in terms of positioning?​
 
Neha 
Right? Yeah, sure. So in terms of the addressable market, so that continues to be fairly large, 
right? 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  14 

 
There are different, you know, estimates, but essentially, even if we grow to five times the 
current size, we still single digit percentage of our market. So the market continues to be fairly 
large. And also the fact that, you know, we have, we also cater to like a large, like more than 
50% of our revenues international, right? 
 
So that's a fairly large market that we play into. And if you look at our customer base, this is 
across investment industry as well as corporate. So it's half and half, if you look at the number 
of accounts, right? So there are titles, segments that we work with within the investment 
industry, which includes your venture capital, private equity, investment bank, family offices. 
These are primarily on the investment side and the on the corporates. So that is also equally 
large for us where we work with the M&A teams, innovation teams, sales teams, right? So that's 
a fairly large TAM, I would say. And now we have to basically go deeper into those. 
 
To give you an example, you know, our market share, you know, would be probably higher in 
like your VC as a segment, but it was fairly low in investment bank and private equity, right? And 
over the last one year, it has become better in investment bank, right? But if you look at the 
corporate sales, you're probably very, very small, that's growing very well for us. And that's a 
very large market, but we are very small in this. So I would say our market share, you know, in 
many of these segments is fairly small to a single digit percentage. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti 
Understood, So I was just actually specifically referring to the idea of let's say we were at, when 
we had our only in Tracxn, let's say two years ago, we had an investment bank, mostly an 
investment bank product that usually VCs used for that with new diversities and sales channels. 
So I was just wondering how much extra TAM does each segment contribute in terms of our 
addressable market? I understand our addressable market is huge, especially with international 
combined.I was just wondering, let's say if it was 100, two years ago for total addressable 
market with that product, how did the overall, did it go from 100 to 200, 1000? I was just 
wondering in that sense, because that will give a better perspective on how much more potential 
is there. 
 
Neha 
Yeah. So the, so the TAM just to put, you know, that's fairly large. So like there are different 
estimates, which is there. And then you estimated anywhere between eight to 9 billion overall. 
And there are companies which are, you know, a hundred million, a hundred million or plus also 
in some of these segments. Right. So that is not a, so, you know, it's a fairly large market. And 
then, you know, for instance, once we are able to go more deeper, for into a segment like a, like 
an investment bank, right.  
 
And that opens up, you know, that market, you know, more for us. Right. So I think the numbers 
are fairly large. I think that is not the thing. What our aim is basically to, you know, sort of 
increase our market share in some of these in, you know, each of these segments. 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  15 

 
Praneeth Bommisetti 
Got it. But so let's say how many companies do you think are at the scale in the global market? 
Because since we're clearly competing at a global level, so where do you see your primary 
competition from? Is it from the U.S. or UK? Is it like from these boutique firms? I was just 
wondering how the strategy for our competitors also is because we are going from India to 
global with probably better cost competitors compared to them. So I was just wondering, like, 
would you tell us international positioning and how the strategy differs from let's say our 
competitors or our peers? 
 
Neha 
Right. Right. So in terms of international peers, so in terms of the peers for this market, like 
comps, we are there about five or six players which are then the private market data space. We 
are among the top three in terms of the execution and the depth that we are able to have. Most 
of the comps are in US. right. As you can sort of expect. And these are the ones that we run into 
in a lot of our sales discussions, etc. We believe that we have a very, you know, like, for 
instance, our tech stack and our ability to add data at a much faster pace because of, you know, 
the whole tech DNA as well as, you know, the fact that we are sitting out of India and then, you 
know, at a fraction of a cost, we are able to produce sort of data. I think that goes, that's sort of 
invaluable. And thanks to AI, we are also able to accelerate, you know, that pace of additional 
data. So interestingly, you know, now we are able to add data sets in a matter of like weeks to a 
month. Then what the traditional players would have taken, like, you know, a few years to build. 
Right. So that is another thing that is playing sort of, you know, in our advantage and we are 
fairly excited about it. And this is something that, you know, we feel that that's why we are able 
to sort of build data, you know, in for like the U.S. or UK being here. 
 
 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti 
But isn't the AI going to be a double-edged sword for you? Because I understand data 
production has become cheaper, but so will it also affect the pricing, especially as your peers 
and competitors might be using the AI tech stack slowly and improving their costing. Won't it 
also reduce your pricing in the market? 
​
Neha 
Right now that's not happening so much. You know, maybe over time that happens, but that also 
opens up a larger TAM for us. So right now, you know, it is still because you're working with 
enterprises and financial, you know, organizations, which are highly paid professions, there's 
still more demand for data and enterprise-grade data, you know, than so much over there in our 
existing segments. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti 
Got it. So when, so could you give us a tentative timeline and when do you think all these 
initiatives want to take place? Like would it be Q2 or FY27 or like, would it be the end of the 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  16 

 
year? Because we also, as investors, we also want to know when it's going to kick off also, 
because most, like if you see over the last six to eight quarters, it's been fairly stable and 
unchanged in terms of all the numbers. So you'd also like to understand when it is actually going 
to kick in because all the initiatives seems to be working. So the biggest confusing part is 
everything is working well with your account openings and despite the degrowth, you have been 
able to enter into new segments fairly successfully. Things are working out, but when will they 
actually meaningfully contribute? 
 
Neha 
Right. So that we should see in a fairly short span of time. See, I think, you know, you're seeing 
the overall numbers, but you have to break it up into different segments, right? So for instance, 
you know, the overall growth is about 30%, but there are segments where it's more than that, 
right? Like India, it's volume growth is 40%, but you're also having revenue growth of 14%. In 
UK, it's 40% and you're also having revenue growth of 7%. Overall international, it's 17%, right? 
So it's lower. So whichever countries, but then we have been able to sort of cross the 30% 
growth, right? Overall volume growth, we are also starting to see the value growth, right? So I 
think it just, you have to sort of replicate that in the other GEOs, right? We were able to replicate 
it well in India and in UK. Now we have to, you know, this year the plan is to actually, you know, 
augment those things in US. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti 
That all I understand, like in terms of, I understand that till it meaningfully contributed the 
revenues, efforts are interesting for the first few quarters. It's just, when will it actually materially 
contribute is my question. 
 
Neha 
So, you know, hopefully soon in a few quarters, but you know, again, we don't, we're not giving 
sort of guidance on that, but, you know, clearly like we also gave the plan of 2026 in that sense, 
right? To give you a sense of what to expect in this year, this calendar year.​
 
Praneeth Bommisetti 
And one last question regarding our cash reserves, do we have any other incremental 
opportunities that we can deploy it in terms of acquisitions or something, or would it continue to 
just remain a buffer for us? 
 
Neha 
So at least for the upcoming one or two quarters, there is, you know, there's a lot of organic 
initiatives that we are working on. Hopefully after that, once, you know, the growth process, a 
particular threshold, then we will also look at inorganic. We continue to evaluate opportunities in 
our segment. And if anything interesting comes up, you know, we will definitely be seeing in the 
financial data space essentially. 
​
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  17 

 
Praneeth Bommisetti 
Okay. So, but so is there activity high in terms of display in terms of the segment, in terms of 
inorganic transactions or how does it, because I'm just, I'm assuming it's a fairly niche business. 
So would it be possible for us to get opportunities or how does it work? 
 
Neha 
No, there are opportunities which are there in the financial data space, anything in the financial 
data space that is of interest to us. So we keep seeing interesting opportunities, which is there. 
Right. But, you know, I think right now also there are a lot of things which you will see 
organically. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti 
Got it. So can you give it in terms of the deal size where you'll be looking for an inorganic or 
would it be? 
 
Neha 
No, right now we are not, as we are saying that, right. You know, whenever that happens, we'll 
probably talk more about that. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti 
Got it. Thank you so much for your patient answers. It's been great. 
 
Moderator 
So we will take the next question from the Q&A box from Anurag Arora. 
 
Please mention the total headcount and breakup among senior management, senior executive 
level, sales team and others. Please give us a sense of this as how we pay to generate revenue 
with no growth. Also, please elaborate the salary expenses between these categories, if 
possible, out of the total salary expenses. Companies pay 90 lakhs to generate revenue of one 
crore. Isn't it exceptional in terms of industry standards? Total employee cost is 90 percent of 
the total revenue, which is not the industry standard. Yeah, I think. 
 
Neha 
Sure. Sure. So I'll just take that. 
So in terms of, see, in terms of the cost, this is your R&D cost. Apart from that, there is tech, 
there's data hosting, cloud hosting, that cost is the second largest, but obviously your team cost 
is primarily. It's primarily divided across four business, four types of teams. 
 
And I'll just give a brief split of the headcount across these. So overall, the team size is about 
695. So a little less than 700 right across all the teams at the end of last quarter. In terms of tech 
and product is one key vertical wherein we have about 115 people. The second is analyst and 
data operations, wherein we have about 270 people. The third is your whole GTM, which is your 
sales, marketing, as well as customer success, wherein we have about 250 people. And then 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  18 

 
your business support, wherein about 60 people. Coming to the part of your portion, which is 
sales. So in sales, as we had mentioned, we have about, you know, just if you take the closing 
sales people, we have about 34 people, you know, in the closing sales, sort of the closing sales 
rep. And this is the team that we are also, that we had also scaled recently, the GTM team, right, 
which is, you know, across the sales and sales support and marketing. So hopefully that 
answers your questions. 
 
Moderator 
Okay, so next question, I think we can take it from Mr. Param Jain. Please unmute yourself and 
ask the question. Param are you there. 
 
Param Jain 
Hello, am I audible? 
 
Moderator 
Yeah. 
 
Param Jain 
Yeah, sorry for the inconvenience. Thank you for this opportunity, ma'am. So I just wanted to get 
some direction of the revenue growth and EBITDA margins over the next two or three years, 
say FY28. So could you just give some guidance on that front?​
​
Neha​
Sure, thanks Param for the question. So, you know, coming to the guidance, we are not giving 
guidance, but you know, we have mentioned about our plan for this year, which, you know, 
should help you break it down sort of directionally. So I'll probably break it down in two parts. 
One is your India BU and the other is international. In the India BU, in the first nine months, we 
grew at about 14% and 40% by accounts. This BU accounts for about 40% of our total revenue. 
We expect this to accelerate because, you know, as we had mentioned in Q3, we had done 
significant expansion in the data sets that is sort of required. We already seen early signs that, 
you know, that is giving us good results. And we expect that is where this business unit, the 
growth rate should accelerate.  
 
On the international part, you're right, which is where you see some impact, right? There's still 
impact in like the VC segment. So here we are doing sort of two things. One is investing in data 
and the sales, right? Which is required in the adjacent segments like your investment banking, 
private equity, corporate sales and more. And like in UK was one of the geographies that we 
were able to sort of turn it around from like a minus 3% last year to plus 7% this year. And for 
this calendar year, you know, 2026, US is a big area of focus, right? So we are planning to 
augment the data that is required for these customer segments, which is primarily your revenue 
estimates, headcount data evaluations. And the second thing that we're doing in parallel is also 
expanding the sales, right? So we're doing it through two ways. One is expanding through 
vertical teams, which is based out of India and sells to US and the other is through the channel 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  19 

 
partnership, right? So on the, right, and as we had mentioned, thanks to AI and data production, 
we are able to accelerate some of these at a fairly fast pace, what typically would have 
traditionally would have taken a player like a few years to build. So this year we expect, you 
know, that international part, right? To also sort of improve because of the things that we are 
doing, right? So with that blended, you should see sort of better growth, you know, in the 
upcoming sort of time. 
 
Param Jain 
Understood, ma'am. And secondly, I just wanted to understand like about the industry, what is 
going on on the competition front like internationally, and even if there are any Indian players 
that I'm not aware about in the same segments. 
 
Neha 
Yeah, sure. So Param on the competition, essentially, you know, there are about five, six players 
in this space. It's a vertical space in the private market, you know, asset class with the platforms, 
which provide data. There are only about a handful of players. Primarily we run into like three or 
four players in US, right? Which are part of large financial data companies. And so in terms of, 
right? Like, you know, obviously a lot of them have also been impacted recently, but, you know, 
we are able to sort of also sort of go into some of the adjacent segments. So I would say, right? 
Like in terms of the competition, these are the ones that are there. It's a global one. In India, we 
are by far the largest in terms of most segments. And, you know, there again, there are some 
segments which, wherein we had lesser penetration, like an investment bank, or we were hardly 
present in the corporate sales team that we had sort of prioritized over the last couple of 
quarters that are also growing very well for us, right? So hopefully that gives you an idea about, 
you know, the competition in that space. It's not as competitive as, say, like a SaaS or a 
horizontal SaaS space. They're only about, you know, like four or five players globally in that, 
that you run into. 
Param Jain 
Understood, understood ma'am. And lastly, who is the market leader in this space? Because I'm 
fairly new and I'm trying to understand the industry. And like, what are their offerings sort of, and 
how does it differentiate from Tracxn’s, offerings? Could you just give me some, brief on that? 
 
Neha 
Yeah, sure. So there are these, you know, like few players which exist in the private market. You 
have, you know, Pitchbook, which is part of Morningstar's portfolio, which is, you know, one of 
the large players. And then you have a few others. In terms of differentiation, see there are 
some data sets which are there, but there are some differentiation, you know, additional data 
sets that, you know, you also have. So for instance, we have, we have fairly deep coverage of 
sectors, which is fairly interesting for investors and corporates. We are going, you know, I think 
what is really working well is that lately we are able to add data sets at a much more faster 
pace. So like we augmented the regulatory data coverage last year, which is now in a fairly 
good shape, right? So there are some overlap which is there, but there's a fair amount of 
differentiation which sort of exists. 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  20 

 
So, you know, at times customers are sort of evaluating it independently. And, you know, some 
of the customers may buy more than one as well. 
 
Param Jain 
Okay, ma'am. And is there like an underlying moat in this business or is there something that is 
replicable in your business model? 
 
Neha 
No, no. So definitely there is a good amount of moat which is there. So, you know, as you can 
see, the moat in the data space is probably more than what is there in the SaaS space. And that 
is why if you see companies, margins of the companies, which are in the data space, right? 
Which are also listed in US, they are at times higher than your SaaS space. So definitely the 
moat in the data, right? And data catering to industry vertical is fairly deep. And that's why we 
believe that, you know, you can build like a deep company in this. 
 
Param Jain 
Got it, got it. Thank you so much, ma'am. 
 
Moderator 
Thanks. Okay, our next question I think we can take from Anurag Arora. Please unmute yourself 
and ask a question. 
 
Anurag Arora 
Yeah, am I audible? 
Neha​
Yes, yes. 
 
Anurag Arora 
Yeah, so hi, my name is Anurag. So I have asked earlier about the structure of the employees 
between categories like senior employees, et cetera. So I would like to know about the salaries, 
how much salary is given to every category. 
I can come offline also if you're not handy with the data. And my second question is about, I 
mean, it is very unnatural for me. See, I have not come across any company which is paying 
90% of the revenue to the employees. I mean, I can see something about this because I know 
some of the other databases companies like Ace Liquidity, which maintains the data. We also 
use that database, which is on the public listed companies actually. So they also give, I mean, 
maximum 60% is employee cost is of the revenue. So am I missing something in your 
business?  
My second question, I've gone through the annual report of 2025. So there is a non-executive 
directors, I mean, independent directors. So there are fixed remuneration, 10 lakh each for 
average person and 21.25. So could you please elaborate on this 10 lakh rupees? What is the 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  21 

 
nature of this remuneration which is given to them and sitting fees also? Because I have not 
come across any company of this size paying 21.25 lakh rupees sitting fees in a year to four 
independent directors. There's high sitting fees, which sends the independence of the directors 
itself. So could you please elaborate on this? 
Neha​
Yeah, thanks, Anurag. For the third part of it, I'll probably direct it to Prashant. I'll take the first 
two parts in the meanwhile. So in the salary numbers, you know, these are sort of market 
standard. I don't have that handy, but typically if you have the average, your tech salary is more 
than double of it and the other ones is probably close to average. We don't have that handy, but 
it's sort of market competitive, which is their salaries, which is there in the org. 
The second question is about 90% of the revenue being in the employee cost. So that's just a 
function of, that's our R&D essentially. So you have to basically invest in building the data, right? 
And over time, your revenue sort of grows. So just to give you an example, the gross margin 
that we operated is more than 90%, right? So even if we double the number of customers, it's 
not that we need to double the number of people that is there, right? 
And there have been years where that has happened. So the revenue, even if we double it, the 
number of people that we need to sort of augment is very less because it's more than 90% 
gross margin, right? So you can think about it as an R&D cost that you have to sort of do 
because you're building like a global platform, you're building a global data, you're catering to all 
these segments. So that's why you see it higher, but that's a fairly high margin. So as soon as, 
even if we double it, it's not that we have to double the number of people that is sort of required. 
That's on the second part. 
On the third part, the remuneration are probably directed to Prashant, do you sort of think that? 
 
Prashant Chandra 
Right. Hey, I hope you're doing well. Yeah, so in terms of the remuneration it is independent 
Directors. Someone like, you know, it is fairly in the industry. And if you look at the profiles of the 
independent directors, they are all sort of, you know, I'm talking industry individuals with very, 
very relevant background and like top colleges and everything. And, you know, we pay them the 
sitting fee, I mean, like for the meetings that they attend. And besides, so outside also, of the 
regular meetings, the board and the committees, I mean, like they, you know, they really 
contribute and sort of, you know, help us with various strategic initiatives. So, you know, what 
you see in terms of the compensation is, you know, sort of one, which is a fixed remuneration, 
which is about 10 lakhs for 2025. And, you know, the rest of the thing is the sitting fee. And 
sometimes when we have more number of board meetings in the committee meetings for a 
variety of reasons, then obviously the spending goes up, depending on how many meetings we 
have. So I don't think so that impacts the sort of independence, and especially when we talk 
about independent directors and the fines, which have been also mentioned in the annual 
report. I don't think so that number will mean truly impact the independence. 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  22 

 
Anurag Arora​
Hi Prashant, I'm sorry to say, but this is too vague. I understand the functioning of the 
independent request. I have been in this business since 2007. I'm a company's secretary. I deal 
with them on a daily basis. This is too high for a company like you with revenue of 85 crore 
rupees. My question was not on the sitting fees and fixed remuneration. It's all about the size of 
your company and what are you paying to independent directors. So it was all about that. You 
may pay one crore rupees to independent directors also when your revenue are, say, 1,000 
crores. You can pay less. So 61 lakh rupees to independent directors, you should first be 
conscious about the investors also. Investors are not made as you need in four years in your 
stock. It is down 65% in the last one year. So I'm not able to understand these kind of things. 
I'm, first time I'm looking at your annual report and there are so many things. I'm sorry to say I'm 
a little blunt. Your revenue is not growing since last four to five years. I think it is 61.25 lakh 
rupees put together in four independent directors. It was not the independence actually. 
 
Neha 
Anurag, I'll just add here. See, we have sort of people from fairly good industry. So I don't think 
that's this thing. And just to give an example, like we have been as a company fairly high on 
corporate governance. For instance, we've had a big four for the last, over nine years, which is 
five years before we even got listed, right? So that because of the fact of, we had the backing of 
investors, et cetera. We were, this has been a fairly high agenda item for us, which is being 
fairly high. We have never had qualifications across all these years. So that is definitely one of 
the things which is there about the company, which is being fairly high on corporate governance, 
compliance, et cetera. 
Prashant Chandra​
Anurag, just one more point to add over there. I mean, like one more thing, which I would 
suggest is to compare. I understand you previously had also raised this question about the total 
expenses. But if you look at the growth rate of the salaries we have here over the years. 
Anurag Arora​
I'm sorry, it's more than your revenue growth in the last six quarters, continuously.​
​
Prashant Chandra​
That is correct. I mean, like, but see, I mean, like the revenue growth is, obviously, I mean, like 
what we did, but the salary growth is not something which is very disproportionate, right? 
Because see, at the end of the day, we can cut fat, but we can't cut muscles, right? I mean, like 
we need certain people to obviously perform and, you know, compete in the industry, right? And 
people are our ultimate assets, right? If we start cutting on the muscles, then obviously it will 
start showing the impact on sales. 
Anurag Arora​
You cutting muscles, you know your business better more than anybody else. That's not a 
question, but you should be aware of your expenses when you're not doing your business. It's a 
very tight game, you know? You're working in a very tight fit when you're a loss-making 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  23 

 
company. You kept your expense very tight here. You know, that's my concern here. That's my 
concern. 
Prashant Chandra​
No, no, absolutely. I mean, like, you know, I hear you out and I just wanted to give you a 
perspective. 
Anurag Arora​
First you make a good amount of money, you can spend it well. That's not a problem. Right. No, 
I mean, like, you know, certainly, but you know, like I said- I'm sorry, I'm not able to see any 
operating It's a pure operating leverage game. So it's an example of like, when you see an IT 
industry, even in your business, there is more operating leverage than any other business. And 
I'm not able to see in last six to eight quarters. It's missing completely. And when you're hiring 36 
more accounts in the CS team, I'm seriously worried about the next year picture. If they are not 
able to convert the revenue, you will be more loss making and your cash balance will be 
reduced more by maybe five, 10 crores. This quarter it is reduced by two crores just to paying 
employee costs. 
Neha​
So Anurag, I'll just add here. See, basically that is an investment that we are making. And I think 
we have, you know, sort of, we have shown that in some of the other geographies. This market, 
you know, if you see this market, everyone had been impacted, right? And right, obviously in a 
good year, we have also grown at typically, like if you look at historically, we also grown at 30%, 
right? And right now, obviously, because of the market condition, we were sort of also impacted, 
but we have sort of turned it around in a few geographies. It takes some time to sort of, you 
know, augment and build that in a few geographies and we are hoping to sort of replicate that, 
you know? So we are at least sort of, you know, working on that and we feel that that should 
work and we don't see any other reasons for that. 
Anurag Arora​
And all the best. 
Neha​
Thank you. 
Moderator ​
Yeah, okay. I think we can take a few questions from the Q&A box as well. So we have a 
question from Miten Lathia. 
Based on the client usage data, what proportion would be such that a LLM could give by 
crawling the web? 
Neha​
Sorry, I'll just repeat the question if I have understood it correctly, which is basically what part of 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  24 

 
the data we can get it from LLMs, right? Okay. See, actually, you know, so that's a good 
question and, you know, like-  
Moderator​
So I think Miten has raised his hand as well It's better if I hear it from him. You can unmute 
yourself and ask it, Miten. 
Miten Lathia​
Yeah, hi. So the question was, you know, one is the data set itself, but based on actual users 
that you see within your clients, what proportion of the usage would be of such data which, you 
know, in any case, an LLM would give them by crawling the web? And what would be sort of in 
the proprietary domain? This is based on a proportion of usage, not based on what you have. 
Neha​
Right. So actually, thanks, Miten, for the question. So the data that is there is fairly, so that is 
actually not available, you know, in the open, right? And so internally, for instance, so there's 
both. So there is a lot of unstructured data that is there. There are a lot of data, which is also 
behind the paywalls, right? Like, for instance, if you have to get a share price of a private 
company, you know, you'll not be, that's not available. If you want to get all the transactions in a 
particular format, you know, that's not available or different cuts, which is there. There's so much 
of regulatory data, which is there behind, you know, across 20 different countries. 
And, you know, that is not sort of instantly available. So there are a lot of data sets which are 
there, which is not sort of available. And if you want to sort of compare, like the public data to 
the private data, right? In the public data, you have much lesser number of companies, like you 
have 50,000 companies globally, where then you have a few million companies with private 
market. And you fairly structured information about the private public companies. And, you 
know, yet, you know, people are not able to get everything, you know, through an LLM and they 
still have to use like a Bloomberg terminal or a Screener or other software, right? So I think in 
the private market, I think it's more complex because the data is very unstructured. A lot of it is 
behind the paywalls. There are a lot of proprietary data sets that also you have to sort of build. 
And internally, we actually also use a lot of these models to sort of mine the documents and to 
work on those. But I think, you know, right now, there's still a lot of data sets. And once, you 
know, like in the public markets, when people say that, you know, you don't need any terminal, 
it'll probably happen to the private market after a few years. Right now, there are still a lot of, 
you know, both unstructured data, which needs to be sort of synthesized, as well as a lot of 
data, which is, you know, sort of not proprietary behind the paywalls, et cetera, which is there. 
Miten Lathia​
And, you know, would the TMX partnership have contributed to revenues at all in this quarter? If 
actually not to revenues, to the deferred number at all in this quarter? Or no, that is yet to 
happen. 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  25 

 
Neha​
We had, so this got announced last year. We closed it last quarter itself, and then there was a 
holiday sale. We have closed some sales. I'll probably have to check whether that is accounted 
for in this quarter or not. But having said that, I think it's more going forward. Like there's a good 
pipeline for enterprise accounts, right, that we are working on, wherein we, which we were not 
able to sort of crack remotely, and that we're able to sort of do very well. And that's a active 
launch that we are sort of working on. So I think more thing you'll probably see going forward. 
Miten Lathia​
Right, thanks. Oh, wish you all the best. Thank you for the answers. 
Neha​
Thanks. 
Moderator​
I think, yeah, we can take one question from the Q&A box. So the question is from Ashwini 
Kumar Singh. Our data stocks are globally under pressure due to AI-driven margin compression 
fears. 
Do we see that as a significant risk to the business? Thanks Ashwini. Any update on how the 
partnership with TMX is progressing? Are you seeing any meaningful traction? And are there 
any such partnerships in pipeline for the other geo profiles? So these are the two questions that 
I can see from Ashwini. 
 
Neha 
Yeah. Yeah, thanks a lot. Thanks Ashwini for those questions. So just to answer that, on the first 
part, the AI, we believe that is a great enabler for us. To give you an example, we believe that 
that has done, that's why we are also investing a lot in that because we believe that that helps 
us accelerate the data production in a much more faster manner.  
 
To give you an example, like one of the data points, like US, we started focusing about a quarter 
back and one of the data points that we had worked on is just the transactions data, right? And 
that was one of the feedback that we'd got that customers needed more transaction data. So 
that's why we had to sort of become more comparable. That said, we were able to make it 4X 
within just a matter of over a month and which otherwise would have taken like two years quite 
some time to sort of build it, right? So, and we are able to do all that thanks to AI, which is 
something which someone was not able to do probably two or three years back. So I think 
definitely in terms of the legacy data players, there is definitely someone who is using AI. There 
is a lot of scope that you are able to catch up on that data at a much more faster pace, right? 
And that is why US is also one geography that we are sort of prioritizing this year because we 
believe that we are able to bridge some of the gaps which is there, which sort of increases our 
conversions in the required segments, right? So this is definitely something that we are very 
excited about and we think it's a great enabler for us to be able to do all the things which we are 
able to do today, right? That's one. 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  26 

 
And on the second time on the partnership, I just talked about TMX and how that is there. So we 
are fairly excited about it. It's fairly early because it just got closed last quarter and there's a 
good pipeline and sort of we are working towards it. In terms of any of the other players, we plan 
to, we might end up doing say one or two in some of the other non-English Geos, but we'll 
probably update that as that happens. 
 
Moderator 
I think we've answered most of the questions. I think, thank you so much Neha and Prashant 
and Abhishek for addressing the investor queries. If anyone has any further questions, they can 
definitely reach out to the management at 
 So Neha, over to you 
investor.relations@tracxn.com
for closing remarks, if any. 
Neha​
Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot everyone for joining us today. Hopefully we were able to give you 
some good understanding and answer some of the queries that you had. In case there are any 
follow-up questions as Devanshi mentioned, please feel free to write to us at 
investor.relations@tracxn.com. Thanks again and hopefully you have a good rest of the day. 
Moderator ​
Thank you. Thank you everyone. 
Abhishek goyal ​
Thank you so much everyone. 
Moderator ​
Thank you.​
​
​
​
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove and / or correct any grammatical inaccuracies and inconsistencies in 
language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  27 
