ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg . No. 115 
          CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 
 
  You can contact us at: 
Mailing Address:  
  Registered Office: 
   Toll free No.: 1800 2666 
Sixth floor- Interface 16, 
          ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg, 
    Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Office no 601 & 602, 
          Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi, 
            Website: www.icicilombard.com 
New linking Road, Malad 
          Mumbai - 400 025. 
west, Mumbai - 400064. 
Ref. No.: MUM/SEC/194-01/2025-26 
January 19, 2026 
To, 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of earnings conference 
call for the quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 2025 
This is further to our letter dated January 6, 2026 and January 13, 2026, please 
note that the Company had hosted an earnings conference call with investor(s) 
and analyst(s) on Tuesday, January 13, 2026 to discuss the financial performance 
of the Company for the quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 2025. 
In this regard, please find attached transcript of the earnings conference call with 
investor(s) and analyst(s) for the quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 
2025. 
The above information will also be made available on the Company's website at 
www.icicilombard.com.  
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking you. 
Yours Sincerely, 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
Encl. As above 
Vikas 
Mehra
Digitally signed by Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2026.01.19 17:53:21 +05'30'

                                
 
 
 
Page 1 of 31 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
January 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
MR. SANJEEV MANTRI – MD & CEO 
MR. GOPAL BALACHANDRAN – CFO 
MR. ANAND SINGHI – CHIEF – RETAIL AND GOVERNMENT 
MR. GIRISH NAYAK – CHIEF – TECHNOLOGY AND HEALTH 
UNDERWRITING & CLAIMS  
MR. SANDEEP GORADIA – CHIEF – CORPORATE SOLUTIONS, 
INTERNATIONAL & BANCASSURANCE 
MR. GAURAV ARORA – CHIEF – REINSURANCE, UNDERWRITING & 
CLAIMS FOR PROPERTY & CASUALTY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

       
 
Page 2 of 31 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
January 13, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to ICICI Lombard 
General Insurance Company Limited's Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Conference 
Call. 
From the Senior Management, we have with us today, Mr. Sanjeev Mantri – MD 
& CEO of the Company; Mr. Gopal Balachandran – CFO; Mr. Anand Singhi – 
Chief – Retail and Government; Mr. Girish Nayak – Chief – Technology and 
Health Underwriting & Claims; Mr. Sandeep Goradia – Chief – Corporate 
Solutions, International & Bancassurance and Mr. Gaurav Arora – Chief – 
Reinsurance, Underwriting & Claims for Property & Casualty. 
 
Please note that any statements, comments are made in today's call that may 
look like forward-looking statements are based on the information presently 
available to the management and do not constitute an indication of any future 
performance as future involves risks and uncertainties which could cause 
results to differ materially from the current views being expressed. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing * and then 0 on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Mantri – MD & CEO, ICICI 
Lombard General Insurance Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for joining the earnings conference 
call for ICICI Lombard for Q3 & 9M FY2026. At the outset, let me wish you all a 
very Happy New Year and best of health and happiness. 

       
 
Page 3 of 31 
 
I would like to give you a brief overview of the recent economic and industry 
trends, which has shaped the operating environment over the past few months. 
Following that, our CFO, Mr. Gopal Balachandran, will take you through the 
Company’s financial performance for the recently concluded quarter and nine 
months. 
 
The Indian economy recorded a GDP growth of 8.2% in Q2 FY2026, up from 
7.8% in the preceding quarter. The expansion was underpinned by sustained 
government capital expenditure, coupled with an increase in private capex, 
robust services activity, and a rebound in private consumption. Consumption 
was further supported by easing inflation and the GST rationalization 
implemented in late September 2025.  
 
Coming to Q3 FY2026, the index of industrial production, IIP data indicates 
positivity supported by manufacturing growth, continued infrastructure 
development, and a turnaround in consumer goods segment. E-Way bills 
generation and toll collections during the same period record a growth of 13% 
and 17% Y-o-Y, reflecting strong underlying economic activity. We believe that 
these high-frequency indicators should augur well for our Commercial line-off 
segment.  
 
Buoyed by GST rationalization, the automobile sector has seen a significant 
uptick in sales. According to Retail sales data based on Vahan registration, the 
auto industry recorded a growth of 19.5% for Q3 FY2026, resulting in a total of 
9.4 million vehicles sold. Within this, Private Car has seen a growth of 19.3%, 
translating to 1.3 million vehicles. The Two-wheeler segment grew by 19.2% 
with the 7 million vehicles, whereas Commercial Vehicles (CV) grew by 22.2%, 
with 1.1 million vehicles being sold.  
 
Interestingly, the overall growth in the vehicle sales is the highest in last 12 
quarters. To add to it, this growth is more broad-based, as tier 3 cities and 
beyond have demonstrated faster growth in both Private Car and Two-wheeler 
segment. This is also corroborated by a strong growth of 28.8% in tractor sales 
for the quarter.  
                                         Overall, the acceleration in new vehicle sales for the quarter has also led to a 
7.7% growth for calendar year 2025, with 28.1 million units being sold.  

       
 
Page 4 of 31 
 
The landmark decision of exemption of GST on Retail Health insurance has 
significantly improved affordability and increased awareness. The industry has 
passed on the complete benefit of GST exemptions to the end customers. This 
has led to an increase in policy uptake as more customers are seeking health 
care protection. Here, too, the growth in Retail Health appears to be broad-
based across markets and is supported by a surge in first-time buyers, 
especially for tier 2 and tier 3 cities, which is a positive for this sector.  
 
On the regulatory front, the Government of India took a significant step during 
the quarter by introducing forward-looking reforms in the insurance laws with 
the passage of Sabka Bima Sabki Raksha, Amendment of Insurance Laws Bill 
2025. While most of these amendments will have far-reaching effects on the 
insurance sector over time, a few important changes pertaining to the 
Insurance Act are as follows:  
 
Foreign investment in an Indian insurance company has enhanced from 
74% to 100%, thereby supporting capital inflows.  
 
Enabling provisions in the Amendment Act to facilitate business other 
than traditional insurance underwriting and distribution, thereby 
allowing insurers to offer holistic risk management services. 
 
Simplification of provisions relating to investments of assets. 
 
We are excited about these changes and we do believe that this should be 
structurally positive and would accelerate the growth and development of the 
insurance sector. This will also facilitate ease of doing business and provide 
better protection and risk management solutions to the policyholders.  
 
In another significant reform in November 2025, the Government of India 
formally made effective four new central labor codes, including the Code on 
Social Security 2020. Consequent to this, benefits like gratuity, leave 
encashment, etc., paid on basic salary are now required to be paid basis the 
new broader definition of wage. We believe these changes should translate 
into a more resilient workforce and strengthen employee security over time. 
This change has a one-time impact on the financials, which will be covered by 
Gopal in his section.  

       
 
Page 5 of 31 
 
Let me now dwell upon the industry performance for the period ended 31st 
December 2025: 
The General insurance industry reported a GDPI growth of 8.7% for 9M FY2026. 
Excluding Crop and Mass Health segment, the GDPI growth stood at 13.3% for 
the period 9M FY2026.  
                                         Speaking on specific segments within the industry: 
Commercial segment recorded a healthy growth of 14.8% for 9M FY2026 and 
16.3% for Q3 FY2026. This growth led by strong momentum in the Fire line, 
which grew at 20.1% for 9M FY2026. As mentioned above, this is driven by an 
increase in capital expenditure, particularly in areas such as roads, railways, 
and renewable energy. The Motor segment grew at 8.9% in 9M FY2026, 
compared to 7.6% in H1 FY2026. For Q3 FY2026, the growth stood at 10.9%, 
supported by festive season demand and the positive impact of GST 
rationalization. Health segment grew at 14.2% for 9M FY2026, with a strong 
momentum of 27.6% growth in Q3 FY2026, led by Retail Health, which grew at 
33.6% and Group Health growth of 23.1%, underscoring strong demand across 
the segment.  
 
On the other hand, industry Combined ratio (CoR) worsened from 113.3% in H1 
FY2025 to 119.2% in H1 FY2026, indicating continued underwriting pressure. 
During the same period, ICICI CoR moved from 103.2% in FY2025 to 104.0% in 
H1 FY2026, reinforcing a superior financial performance through disciplined 
underwriting.  
 
The Motor line of business remains a key area of stress with the industry CoR 
increasing from 124.8% in H1 FY2025 to 128.5% in H1 FY2026. ICICI Lombard 
demonstrated better portfolio management in Motor insurance with the 
Combined ratio improving from 108.0% to 106.9% during the same period.  
 
I will now proceed to present our Company's performance across key business 
segments: 
For 9M FY2026, Gross Domestic Premium Income (GDPI) of the Company grew 
by 3.6% compared to industry growth of 8.7% for the same period. Within this, 
for Q3 FY2026, the Company reported a premium growth of 13.3% compared 

       
 
Page 6 of 31 
to industry growth of 11.5%, thereby improving its market share from 8.1% for 
Q3 FY2025 to 8.3% for Q3 FY2026. For December 2025 in particular, the 
Company's growth in GDPI was 16.1% in comparison to the industry growth of 
14.4%. Excluding Crop and Mass Health, the Company recorded a growth of 
7.5% during 9M FY2026, against the industry growth of 13.3%. Within this, for 
Q3 FY2026, the Company recorded a growth of 16.4%, as against the industry 
growth of 20.1%.  
 
In the Commercial line segment, our growth stood at 7.4% and 6.8% for 
Q3 FY2026 and 9M FY2026, respectively, while the industry grew by 
16.3% for Q3 FY2026 and 14.8% for 9M FY2026.  
We continue to be focused on delivering profitable growth through 
disciplined 
underwriting, prudent risk 
selection 
and 
portfolio 
diversification, resulting in the growth of Fire segment by 18.8% in Q3 
FY2026, driven by 27.4% growth in the SME segment. Further, the 
Company delivered a 19.3% growth in Fire compared to 15.8% industry 
growth for the month of December 2025.  
In the Engineering segment, our growth stood at 15.2% and 13.3% for 
Q3 FY2026 and 9M FY2026, respectively, while the industry during the 
same period grew by 11.5% and 12.9% respectively. This led to 
reattaining leadership position in Engineering segment for the 9M 
FY2026.  
On the other side, for 9M FY2026, the Company's growth for Marine 
Cargo and Liability segment was not in line with the industry growth 
on account of portfolio rationalization. However, we continue to 
maintain our leadership position in these lines.  
 
 
In Motor segment for 9M FY2026, the Company recorded a growth of 
5.0%, whereas the industry grew by 8.9%. While our growth in H1 
FY2026 was only 2.2%, a rebound was observed in Q3 FY2026, driven 
by an underlying buoyancy in new Motor vehicle sales. Consequently, 
the Motor segment grew by 9.3% in Q3 FY2026, supported by a strong 
growth of 16.1% in December 2025. Despite heightened competitive 
intensity in the recent quarter, we remain focused on profitable growth 
driven by continuous expansion across distribution channels and a 
more granular portfolio segmentation.  

       
 
Page 7 of 31 
Importantly, the Company continues to maintain its leadership position 
in the Motor segment with a market share of 10.7% for 9M FY2026. The 
Company's portfolio, Motor portfolio mix of Private Car, Two-wheeler 
and Commercial Vehicles stood at 53.6%, 25.8%, and 20.6% 
respectively for 9M FY2026. 
 
In the Health segment, the Company grew by 42.0% and 13.8% for Q3 
FY2026 and for 9M FY2026, respectively, as against the industry 
growth of 27.6% and 14.2% for Q3 FY2026 and 9M FY2026 
respectively.  
o 
Our Retail Health business delivered a robust growth of 85.8% 
in Q3 FY2026 and 44.8% in 9M FY2026, significantly 
outperforming the industry growth of 33.6% in Q3 and 16.5% 
for 9M FY2026. Our growth was fueled by new-to-industry 
customer growth of 1.7x for Q3 FY2026 and 1.4x for 9M 
FY2026. Thus, our market share increased to 4.0% in 9M 
FY2026 compared to 3.2% for the same period in the previous 
year and for Q3 FY2026, our market share has increased to 
4.5% from 3.2% for the same period in previous year. The strong 
performance has also been driven by sustained investment in 
strengthening our Retail distribution capabilities across 
channels.  
o 
The Group Health segment registered a growth of 26.6% and 
5.9% for Q3 FY2026 and 9M FY2026 respectively, while the 
industry grew by 23.1% for Q3 FY2026 and 12.6% for 9M 
FY2026. 
 
I will now like to apprise you of certain strategic initiatives that 
continue to drive operational excellence and customer-centricity 
across the organization: 
o 
The “One IL One Call Centre” initiative continues to deliver 
strong momentum in the Company's transition towards a digital 
first Do-It-Yourself (DIY) servicing model. In December, over 
60% of the total service engagements were managed digitally 
as against 38% only for April 2025. This was possible due to our 
AI intervention through various bots which has helped 

       
 
Page 8 of 31 
customers adopting DIY service modes. This has led to improve 
turnaround 
times, 
service 
consistency 
and 
increased 
productivity. Our differentiated service initiatives which we had 
spoken about in a previous call have resulted in increase of our 
Call Centre NPS to 73 in Q3 FY2026 from 60 in Q1 FY2026. 
 
o 
Building on a “One IL One Digital” framework, we continue to 
take positive strides toward offering a seamless and omni-
channel experience across our website and the ‘IL TakeCare’ 
platform. As you might recall, the ‘IL TakeCare’ app was initially 
launched to provide a “Continuum of Care” for our Health 
insurance customers. Over time, the app has continuously 
evolved with new functionaries and features making it a 
comprehensive one-stop solution for service and sales across 
multiple Retail product lines.  
                                                                      The app has now crossed 19.7 million downloads as at 
December 
31st, 
2025, 
reflecting 
growing 
customer 
engagement and digital adoption. The Company registered a 
GWP of ₹ 3.54 billion for 9M FY2026 from the ‘IL TakeCare’ app 
as against ₹ 1.45 billion for the same period last year.  
                                         ‘IL TakeCare’ has also made significant progress in addressing 
key customer service requirements and delivering a seamless 
insurance experience. Just to highlight, for ‘TripSecure+’, our 
premier travel insurance product, customers can now 
independently 
manage 
claims, 
policy 
cancellations, 
extensions, and modifications through the app. These 
enhancements have enabled 93% of service requests to be 
processed on DIY basis without the need for manual 
intervention, leading to a corresponding reduction in support 
call 
volumes. 
Notably, 
79% 
of 
claim 
intimation 
for 
‘TripSecure+’ in December 2025 were also initiated through ‘IL 
TakeCare’ app as compared to 22% in July 2025. 
 
 

       
 
Page 9 of 31 
 
In order to continually enhance our efficiency levels in Motor 
claims, we have expanded our cashless garage network from 
13,600 plus garages in Q3 FY2025 to 15,000 garages in Q3 
FY2026. 75.2% of our non-OEM claims for Q3 FY2026 were 
serviced at PPN up from 73.6% in Q3 FY2025, leading to 
enhanced customer experience.  
 
In the Retail segment, 99.6% of our total claims were paid 
within 30 days and for Motor Insurance Own Damage 
segment, 96.8% of our claims were paid within 30 days for the 
period ended 9M FY2026.  
                                                                       As a result, our NPS for H1 FY2026 for Health claims stood at 
70 and for Motor claims stood at 69, reinforcing our position 
as a customer centric organization.  
 
In conclusion, the domestic macro environment remains supportive with broad 
base consumption showing healthy momentum. We remain focused on 
building a sustainable long-term franchise anchored in the strength of our 
technology processes and service architecture. Through our ‘One IL, One Team’ 
initiatives, we continue to sharpen execution, drive consistency and deliver 
customer outcomes at scale. We are well positioned to convert a more 
supportive demand environment into a steady high-quality growth while 
maintaining discipline and underwriting service delivery and operating 
efficiency. 
 
I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers for the 
period 9M FY2026.  
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks, Sanjeev, and good evening to each one of you. I will now give you a 
brief overview of the financial performance of the recently concluded quarter 
and nine months. We have uploaded the results presentation on our website. 
You all can access it as we walk you through the performance numbers.  
 
With effect from October 1, 2024, long-term products are accounted on a 1/n 
basis as mandated by our regulator. Please refer to the Investor Presentation 

       
 
Page 10 of 31 
on Slide 16 for a much more detailed information on comparison of financial on 
n and 1/n basis.  
 
Now let me update on GDPI numbers. Please note these numbers are on 1/n 
basis: 
The GDPI of the Company was at ₹ 213.72 billion in 9M FY2026  as against               
₹ 206.23 billion in 9M FY2025, a growth of 3.6% as against the industry growth 
of 8.7%.  
GDPI of the Company was at ₹ 70.41 billion in Q3 FY2026 as against ₹ 62.14 
billion in Q3 FY2025, a growth of 13.3% as against the industry growth of 
11.5%, resulting in our market share to grow from 8.1% in Quarter 3 last year 
to 8.3% in Quarter 3 of the current year.  
 
On the retail side of the business, GDPI of the Motor segment was at ₹ 33.99 
billion in Q3 FY2026 as against ₹ 31.09 billion in Q3 FY2025, registering a 
growth of 9.3%. The advance premium for Motor segment was at ₹ 41.26 billion 
as at December 31, 2025, as against ₹ 39.13 billion as at September 30, 2025.   
 
GDPI of the Health segment was at ₹ 20.44 billion in Q3 FY2026 as against                  
₹ 14.53 billion in Q3 FY2025, registering a growth of 40.6%. 
o 
Within this, our Retail Health segment registered a robust growth of 
85.8% during the same period.  
                                         GDPI of our Commercial line was at ₹ 15.72 billion in Q3 FY2026 as against                  
₹ 14.63 billion in Q3 FY2025, registering a growth of 7.4%.  
                                         Our agent, which includes the point of sale distribution count was 1,50,458 as 
at December 31, 2025, up from 1,47,408 as at September 30, 2025.  
 
Our Combined ratio on 1/n basis was 104.2% in 9M FY2026 as against 102.9% 
in 9M FY2025. On an n basis, our Combined ratio was 103.1% in 9M FY2026 
as against 102.8% in 9M FY2025. Combined ratio on again 1/n for this Q3 
FY2026 is 104.5% as against 102.7% in Q3 FY2025. Again on an n basis, for 
Q3 FY2026, Combined ratio was 103.1% as against 102.3% in Q3 FY2025.  

       
 
Page 11 of 31 
 
We have been talking about the impact of CAT losses. If one was to 
exclude the impact of CAT losses of ₹ 0.84 billion in 9M FY2026 and                   
₹ 0.94 billion in 9M FY2025, the Combined ratio on a 1/n basis was 
103.7% and 102.3% respectively. The same numbers on an n basis was 
102.6% and 102.2% respectively.  
 
Now coming to the quarter: 
 
Excluding the impact of CAT losses of ₹ 0.11 billion in Q3 FY2026, the 
Combined ratio on 1/n was 104.3%, and the same numbers on an n 
basis was 103.0%. There were no CAT losses in Q3 FY2025.  
 
And as mentioned by Sanjeev in his opening remarks, excluding the 
impact of wage code of ₹ 0.55 billion, our Combined ratio on a 1/n basis 
for 9M FY2026 and Q3 FY2026 was 103.9% and 103.5% respectively. 
On n basis, our Combined ratio excluding wage code impact was 
102.8% and 102.2% for 9M and Q3 respectively.  
 
Our investment assets during the quarter rose to ₹ 582.96 billion as at 
December 31, 2025, up from ₹ 562.00 billion as at September 30, 2025. Our 
investment leverage net of borrowing was 3.60x at December 31, 2025 as 
against 3.57x at September 30, 2025.  
                                          Investment income was at ₹ 37.57 billion in nine months current year as 
against ₹ 33.73 billion in nine months last year. On a quarterly basis, 
investment income was at ₹ 12.19 billion in Q3 current year as against ₹ 11.21 
billion in Q3 last year.  
 
Our capital gains net of impairment to investment assets stood at ₹ 9.33 billion 
in nine months current year as against ₹ 7.96 billion in nine months last year. 
Capital gains stood at ₹ 3.17 billion in Quarter 3 current year as compared to                  
₹ 2.76 billion in Q3 last year.  
 
On a 1/n basis, our PBT grew by 10.8% at ₹ 29.41 billion in 9M FY2026 as 
against ₹ 26.53 billion in 9M FY2025. Again for the quarter, on a 1/n basis, PBT 
de-grew by 9.4% at ₹ 8.70 billion for the current quarter as against ₹ 9.60 billion 
in Q3 last year.  

       
 
Page 12 of 31 
 
Consequently, on a 1/n basis, PAT grew by 11.3% at ₹ 22.25 billion in 9M 
FY2026 as against ₹ 19.99 billion in 9M FY2025. The same numbers on an n 
basis for profit after tax grew by 13.8% at ₹ 22.22 billion in 9M FY2026 as 
against ₹ 19.53 billion in 9M FY2025.  
 
On a 1/n basis, PAT de-grew by 9.1% at ₹ 6.59 billion in Q3 current year from 
₹ 7.24 billion in Q3 last year. Again, coming back to n basis, PAT remained 
flattish at ₹ 6.80 billion in Q3 current year from ₹ 6.79 billion in Q3 last year.  
 
Excluding the impact of wage code, on a 1/n basis, PAT was ₹ 22.67 billion in 
9M FY2026 and ₹ 7.00 billion in Q3 current year, registering a growth of 13.4% 
and a de-growth of 3.3% respectively.  
 
The same numbers on an n basis, PAT was ₹ 22.64 billion for 9M FY2026 and 
₹ 7.21 billion in Q3 of this quarter, registering a growth of 15.9% and 6.3% 
respectively.  
 
Coming to ROE, on a 1/n basis, it was 19.5% in 9M FY2026 as against 20.8% 
in 9M FY2025. ROE for the Q3 FY2026 was 16.5% as against 21.5% in Q3 
FY2025. Excluding the wage code impact, on a 1/n basis, ROE was 19.8% and 
17.5% in 9M FY2026 and Q3 FY2026 respectively. 
 
Solvency ratio was at 2.69x at December 31, 2025 as against 2.73x at 
September 30, 2025, continued to be higher than the minimum regulatory 
requirement of 1.50x.  
 
As I conclude, I would like to state that we are all aligned with our ethos of 
driving profitable growth, consistent and sustainable value creation for all our 
stakeholders while ensuring that the interest of the policy holders are in the 
forefront at all times. I would like to thank you all for attending this earnings 
call, and we will now be happy to take any questions that you have. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question comes from the line of Supratim Datta from Jefferies. 
Please go ahead.  
Supratim Datta: 
My first question is on the labor code. You know, we understand that there is a 
₹ 50 crore impact from the labor code changes. Just wanted to understand 

       
 
Page 13 of 31 
what proportion of this was recurring versus what proportion of this was one 
time? That was the first question.  
 
Secondly, coming to growth, now despite the GST tailwinds, the growth even 
on the Motor side, if I see, has been slower than what the industry has 
witnessed. And I do understand that competition has been elevated, but the 
regulator at the regulatory level has taken multiple steps, be it expense of 
management guidelines or discussions with industry to reduce the competitive 
intensity or bringing some bit of rationality, yet we are not able to see that 
happen. So from here, if I am taking a 2 to 3 year view, what will drive growth 
in the Motor segment for a player like you which already has 10-11% market 
share? If you could throw some light on that, that would be very helpful.  
 
And lastly, on the Motor TP loss ratio, I do understand last time there was a TP 
release. But this time it seems to be a more normalized loss ratio. Should we 
assume that the reserve release is too old and there is no further release that 
would come in the fourth quarter or could there be further releases that would 
come in the fourth quarter? If you could throw some light on the reserve release, 
that would also be very helpful. 
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks, Supratim, for those questions. On the first one, so far as the labor code 
is concerned, obviously the impact of ₹ 55 crore in that sense is one time 
because it is primarily the liability resulting from an actuarial valuation for the 
past service cost in so far as the wages is concerned. 
 
Having said that, obviously this code is also evolving. So, hence, to that extent, 
we will have to see if there are any more incremental guidelines or rules that 
come into existence, but at this point of time basis whatever has been released 
thus far, this impact of ₹ 55 crores is what is the past service cost which is a 
complete impact that we have taken in the financials of Quarter 3 and 9 
months. And if you would have seen also the disclosure that we have made, 
there is an element of roughly about ₹ 17 crore. This is the amount of 
unamortized cost which will get amortized over the next 3 years in line with the 
actuarial report. Those are the two numbers in so far as the impact of wage 
code is concerned. ₹ 55 crore is more a onetime impact in the financials. ₹ 17 
crore of un-amortized cost is something that will get amortized over the next 3 
years. So that is in response to the first one. 

       
 
Page 14 of 31 
 
On the response to the third question, Motor Third-Party loss ratios, I will keep 
reiterating this. What we have told the market is overall Motor loss ratio range 
that we have spoken is between 65% to 67%, and if you look at the 9 month 
numbers and that is something that we keep urging that you should keep 
looking at year-to-date numbers than more quarterly outcomes. The 9 month 
numbers for the current year Motor overall stands at about 66.3%. This is both 
Own Damage and Third-Party put together. It's pretty much playing out in line 
within the range that one has spoken about. And hence, to that extent, we are 
quite happy with the way how things have progressed. 
 
To your point on any impact of reserving etc. again, we will keep stressing on 
the fact that there has been no change in any of our actuarial assumptions. 
And therefore, to that extent, it is not that we have done anything specific 
whether it was in the context of last year or even for the matter of fact when 
you look at the numbers from the current year perspective. So that is in 
response to the third one. 
 
And on the second one, maybe Sanjeev.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, on the Motor part, clearly, first up, we are extremely excited with the positive 
environment that has got created. As I was giving the briefing, the Quarter 3 
numbers, the growth in number of vehicles across Private Car, Two-wheeler as 
well as CV, which has been more than 19%, the highest in last 12 quarters, is 
a very, very good sign. This increase in number has also come with the GST 
rationalization which made the vehicles cheaper. And with that coming 
through, we had to also realize what is required and we also spoke about in 
terms of how the Combined for the market has moved in Motor from 124 which 
was hard enough to move to 128.  
 
So the realignment was a very key piece, which is what we as an organization 
have done. Consequent to this, what we are seeing is the growth of December 
in particular where we have exceeded the market expectation. We remain very 
positively driven overall as to what Motor holds for us. We closed the year with 
a 10.7% market share, probably a loss of 0.4 or thereabouts as to what we had 
9 months, but as we close, the positivity with which we expect even Q4 
numbers to build up on the new sale would drive growth for us because that is 
the combination which we are probably best at.  

       
 
Page 15 of 31 
 
Overall, from an environment standpoint, we do see consumption playing a big 
role and in that, of course, mobility of Two-wheeler customers seeking Private 
Car and thereabout also is becoming very clear. Also, one more point which 
augurs well for us is we have been a distribution-led Company and the growth 
is broad-based, which is where they say that we are on tier 3 and above where 
the market growth also is coming, it again is a bit positive for us and it will help 
us to drive what we want to drive as an agenda.  
 
So, we are overall on Motor very positively placed, but the realignment in wake 
of what the intensity is seen is something which is warranted and we always 
maintain that we will never shy away from taking those calls, but a range 
bound 10.7% market share where we stand, we are pretty much involved as a 
number one player. As a top most player, we are also very aware of the 
responsibilities that we carry in the Motor segment in particular. 
Supratim Datta: 
That’s very helpful.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Thank you, Supratim. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead.  
Sanketh Godha: 
See, the Retail Health growth 85 or 86 odd percentage in the third quarter, 
honestly, it has the unwinding portion of last year too. So, if I do n-to-n 
comparison, which is more like-to-like, so can you just spell out the growth, how 
the Retail Health has panned out if you look on n-to-n basis? 
Gopal Balachandran: Sanketh, we are not separately calling that out. So, honestly, to that extent, I 
think what we would say is that, what we are very excited is what, I think, 
Sanjeev responded even on Motor. I think the underlying demand on ground is 
pretty much playing out consequent to some of the rationalizations that have 
happened in the context of GST that we have talked about even in the last 
quarter. And hence, to that extent, one would say that the growth is very, very 
exciting. And hence, to that extent, while it does have an impact, but honestly, 
our sense is, I think, broadly, even if I were to give a number even on an n basis, 
I think that growth would be more or less around the same range of between 
80% to 85%. So, hence, it doesn’t change much, which is what we had said. 

       
 
Page 16 of 31 
What we are very, very excited is more the underlying demand momentum 
than looking at numbers whether on an n basis or a 1/n basis.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Yeah. And also we have been talking about, if you look at the numbers, we have 
grown on 80% plus in all three months October, November and December. So, 
very clearly, the need for differentiating that and talking as it is, it is not an easy 
commentary. We are talking 1/n or n. For you to listen on audio itself is a 
challenge I can tell you. Probably you can make more sense than when you 
have the script in hand, but this growth and what we have been doing over 
sustained quarter also is reflected in the market share, which has increased to 
4.5% in Q3, which clearly speaks about the underlying momentum that the 
team has been able to build.  
 
And if your question is, do you see this momentum probably playing out even 
in Quarter 4? My answer would be every reason to believe, and it's again driven 
by a very good demand across markets. So, there is a play, and we have a 
product, and we have a team which is capable of driving this transition. If you 
would have asked the beginning of the year, did we expect 4.5% of a market 
share? My answer would have been, probably it would have been a shade 
lower than that. So, there is tailwind which is also helping us look better than 
what we could have been, probably would have been 4%. So, it is pretty much 
there and we are well settled. So we are at the right place at the right time as 
far as Health is concerned.  
Sanketh Godha: 
Sanjeev, honestly, this growth is little extraordinary even if I look from the 
industry standard point of view. Is it any particular channel in which you were 
not present and now exploring the channel that has contributed to the growth? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
No, that I can explain you. That I can, Mr. Sanketh, if that is what your question 
was. So, see, the product Elevate was launched in July, 2024. Okay. So we had 
started doing well in that and that renewal base also comes and gets added to 
the book. So, mathematically plus supported by the tailwinds, that is an answer 
to that part. I mean, I am definitely not saying that 85% of the growth that will 
continue over quarters and quarters. So, mathematically speaking, the 
retention of a product and the quality product is there, then you get good 
customers and the retention also is very high. And so there is that part which 
is helping us to drive this kind of a growth, Sanketh. 

       
 
Page 17 of 31 
 
Sanketh Godha:  
Understood, but any new channel which contributed, like, maybe you were not 
presenting one?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Of course, our agency channel has opened up significantly, and we were able 
to attract lot more channels. So, agency is driving this growth, but at the same 
time, even on websites, so we have been pretty across channels. But the 
contribution percentage per se of what was there would not have gone through 
the significant change if you look at the distribution pattern. So, we are seeing 
this growth across channels, Sanketh.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
And even Banca for that matter.  
Sanketh Godha: 
No, the reason I am asking this question is that, is our payout structure to the 
distributor is more skewed on n basis rather than 1/n basis?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
No, no, no, no, we have absolute clarity that even if it is long term, what we will 
do is what comes with 1/n. As a team, for us, we continue to operate strictly on 
those guidelines, Sanketh.  
Sanketh Godha: 
So, basically commission payouts are also on 1/n basis.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
On that, yes. So, it would be differentiated to that extent that first year would 
be something and then second and third year, that obviously is the case, but it 
is distributed basis.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just a couple of questions. Firstly on the Motor side, Sanjeev, we have seen 
tremendous growth in volumes, and what I have understood is there is 
premiumization trends as well. In spite of that, the premium growth for the 
industry has a decent gap between the volume growth of the industry as well 
as the premium growth what we have seen, right? So, in that sense, what is 
causing that disparity? And have you seen any further pricing aggression in Q3 
with respect to Motor OD premiums given that it was anticipated that the 

       
 
Page 18 of 31 
growth would be there and the competition intensities increase? That is my first 
question.  
 
And second question is in terms of Retail Health, could you give us some 
qualitative or some numbers around as to what is the growth that is driving the 
new customers that are coming? What are they coming at? What kind of sum 
assured they are coming? And also the existing customers, are they scaling up 
the sum assured and maintaining the premium levels? Or what is the kind of 
trajectory that we are seeing there?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, on the Motor side, Prayesh, clearly, if you see the growth has been broad 
based and we have seen small cars, the small hatchback cars being sold far 
higher than any other car. So, the volume growth may not necessarily translate 
into a equivalent growth in premium for the industry. And also what has to be 
noted is that this growth also is fueled by the rationalization which happened 
from 28% to 18%, which itself led to an impact on the yield per vehicle going 
down.  
 
So, it is the combined thing, and that is where the realignment also had to be 
done by us as a team to ensure that what we pick up overall from the market 
with respect to our own Motor portfolio. And also we spoke about how the H1 
is seeing the Combined ratio getting, that is to answer the competitive intensity 
that you are speaking about, the Motor Combined in 124.5 and thereabouts 
had very little room to go further down. It moved on to 128. And if that is the 
kind of development that comes in, there is no reason to believe that the 
competition intensity has gone down.  
 
And at the same time, you spoke about specific players coming in and coming 
out. Frankly speaking, our journey is very secular. You know, we have got a 
decent understanding, and we back ourselves in terms of what we are picking 
up and what we want to do in this Motor segment in particular. And we have 
always maintained that we are very comfortable walking away what is not 
making basic sense on the ROE level for Motor as a book.  
 
So, we do understand we are willing to play the game if there is an ROE that 
comes through even if it is on an elevated Combined, but not in a random 
manner where we just keep acquiring because there is an opportunity 

       
 
Page 19 of 31 
available. So that kind of a discipline is what drives us, and that is why when 
the industry has moved from 124 to 128, our Combined actually improved by 
some percentage and some few more basis points in that H1 period also. So, it 
is to be taken in collaboration while maintaining market leadership.  
 
So, for further pricing aggression, very little room, but we have maintained that 
over last couple of quarters,  we are very unfazed because of our journey of 
how we can slice and dice and do what makes sense for us. We would back 
ourselves, and we are very confident that we will be able to deliver what is 
warranted for us as a Company. Prayesh, I hope this answers what you are 
seeking on Motor.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, I know TP hike is another part which I must add to say which has made the 
yield look what it is. We have been always expecting it, but it's not come 
through as yet.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Just one thing on that Motor before you kind of answer the Retail Health. The 
hatchbacks and the smaller cars, would you say that given a lot of them could 
be the first time buyers structurally and given you have a large history of data 
on the same kind of vehicles being sold and first time buyers, would you say 
that the loss ratios could be higher on this segment going ahead? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, yes, of course, Prayesh, we can discuss in detail, but the long answer I will 
make it short and say the cars have also started coming with much better 
safety features. The road also has changed. So, there is a lot more. The challan 
systems are getting digitized. The overlay in terms of investigating what's gone 
wrong because there are cameras everywhere across the country, the 
surveillance has increased. So, there is lot more pluses. There are lot more 
minuses. I am not saying it, and these are all the factors that we are able to use 
to drive what we want to drive as a team, and that is the USP that we carry, 
right? So, we won’t be too fazed by it. And if we do see segments going out of 
hand, I think our ability to take a call probably ahead of the market is what 
differentiates us as a team. I hope again I am able to put across what I am 
saying, Prayesh. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes, absolutely. Just the Retail Health. 

       
 
Page 20 of 31 
 
Sanjeev Mantri:  
On the Retail Health, clearly we have seen far more awareness. I think this GST 
cut besides, of course, making it more affordable has been the biggest 
marketing to make the individuals and their families to realize that Health 
insurance is critical. And as a trend, to be very honest, we do see sum insured 
increasing significantly. We see bulk of our customers in the range of 7.5 lakh 
to 10 lakh sum insured, which is a big positive. Also, to just share with all of 
you, whenever a customer picks up a higher sum insured, their ability to retain 
and be with us is much higher because the quality of the customer is much 
better. So, yes, it is a big plus for us as a Company. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
So, couple of questions. The first one is, looking at the impact of 1/n in terms of 
a Combined ratio, is it kind of a fair assumption that your multi-year product 
has seen a very, very strong growth? If you can sort of provide some color, I 
mean, within your Retail Health, what is the multi-year premium share? So, that 
is one. 
 
Second, that now we have seen 9-10 months of the year, so for FY ’27, if I have 
missed, I don’t know, you can provide some kind of guidance on growth as well 
as on Combined? And in Motor Third-Party, should we expect by Q4 some 
reserve releases, given that where you are reserves are setting or reserve 
release in FY ‘22 to ‘24 is still pretty minimal, so is it fair to assume that okay 
the Q4 should see some Motor TP reserve release?  
Gopal Balachandran: So, Avinash, I think that I will go in reverse. So, Motor Third-Party, obviously, 
yes, I think as an industry, we all have been waiting for the price announcement. 
So, we will wait and see. By the time we announce results for the next quarter, 
hopefully we will see where we land. So, we will keep all of you updated on 
that. 
On the second piece on what is it that we can expect for the next year, I think 
this is something that we had spoken even in last quarter as in to say that, 
given the strong growth momentum that we see getting rebound back to us, 

       
 
Page 21 of 31 
what we have always maintained is at a top line or from a growth standpoint, 
we have tried to see if we can be 100 to 200 basis point at a Company level 
better than the industry growth numbers. This is cutting across all lines. And 
that is exactly what possibly you would have seen getting exhibited in Quarter 
3 for us in terms of where our growth vis-à-vis the industry growth. And even 
more specifically, if you would have seen even for the month of December, I 
think we have had an outperformance vis-à-vis the overall industry number. 
So, therefore, that is something that we would endeavor even as we head into 
given the strong growth momentum that one is seeing on ground. And hence, 
to that extent, that is what we would kind of pencil in terms of trying to continue 
to gain incremental market share.  
 
On Combined, more important than the combined, I think what we have largely 
spoken is to try and see if we can continue to sustain delivering ROEs in the 
range of 18% to 20%. Even if you would have seen the numbers for the 9 
months, it's been roughly around 19% there about. So, hence, to that extent, in 
that range of 18% to 20%. So, that is something that is what we would look 
forward again when you look at how we would want to play out even for the 
next year from an ROE standpoint. 
 
To your first point, I think it is a high single-digit number in terms of the 
proportion of long-term premiums vis-à-vis the total premium that we 
underwrite, but I think the only thing that we would keep urging is, I think even 
as I was reading the transcript, I did realize there are so many numbers on n 
and a 1/n basis across various parameters. So, hence, to that extent, if you ask 
us, this will actually continue for even maybe for the next three quarters 
because while Quarter 3 of this year onward now everything is on a 1/n. 
 
But still there will always be a factor of the first question that was being asked 
in terms of what is the impact of accrued of last year in this quarter and so on 
and so forth. So, hence, to that extent, a far better reflection is to keep looking 
at numbers on an n basis. And there if you would have seen our Combined for 
Quarter 3 has actually been better. I think, if you look at Quarter 3 of last year, 
our Combined was roughly about 102.3%, and this number on an n basis for 
Quarter 3 of the current year is 102.2%. 
 

       
 
Page 22 of 31 
 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, Gopal, there I just want to interject and make this point, and we had said 
that also when 1/n came in, as a Company, we don't want to confuse at any 
point of time economic value to accounting. We are very clear. So, we have in 
all our conversations with our team and key personnel who are involved, we 
only discuss on n basis because that is the true value which will get embedded 
in the Company. What comes because of the accounting part is just an 
outcome for us, and that is the real value that we can add. Even our budgets 
for that matter, if I have to share, are all taken on n basis because that is how 
portfolio can be picked up in the right manner and even cash flows can get 
generated. Otherwise, a tendency to make it shorter and shorter would erode 
value over long term.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. Please go 
ahead.  
Nidhesh: 
Sir, can you share the mix of new and what is old vehicles in Motor Segment? I 
am trying to understand whether the market share trends, how they are 
shaping up in both these segments? Have we lost market share in the new side 
that is reflecting into lower growth or it is in both segment market share trends 
are broadly similar?  
Gopal Balachandran: So, Nidhesh, just for the benefit of all of you, I will give you two numbers. One 
is in terms of mix for Quarter 3, new is roughly about 35%, renewal is about 
65%. And if you see these numbers for 9 months, new is about 33%, and 
renewal book is about 67%. So, in that sense, relatively for Quarter 3, the mix 
is about 35% and 65%. But more important than the mix, if you ask us, I think 
the point that we have been talking about given the underlying growth 
momentum playing out with respect to new vehicle sales, and there again in 
the same order as in I will give you Q3 numbers first, our new growth has been 
12.4% and our old growth has been 7.7%, translating to an overall Growth in 
quarter 3 in Motor for as I said is about 9.3%. These same numbers if you look 
at it on a 9-month basis, the new growth has been 2.5%, the renewal growth 
has been 6.2%, translating to an overall growth of 5%.  

       
 
Page 23 of 31 
 
So, this is exactly the point that we have been talking about. I think what we 
are seeing is clearly an underlying strong growth momentum coming in with 
respect to new vehicle sales. Having said that, that does not mean that for us 
renewal slash retentions are not important. I think that is equally very, very 
important, but what we have been able to leverage is a combination of both 
the underlying growth momentum with respect to new vehicle sales and then, 
of course, the continued focus on improving retentions as well.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Yes, absolutely. And the fact that the 9 month average is when we talk about 
new is 2.5% and old is 6.2%, while for the Q3 the number goes the other way 
where the growth has been led by new. And as in the past, Gopal has been 
briefing you all, new has its own set of expenses that comes, but a better loss 
ratio, consequent to that, it will have its impact but will have a long-term value 
creation for us as a Company. In the past few quarters that we have done 
always was driven by old growth, and if you go back to our scripts that we 
have said, we have said our growth is driven by old. So, that is a big transition. 
It is a big plus overall for us, and we have been able to obviously garner more 
new in the market which has helped us to get this growth. 
Nidhesh: 
Secondly, if you can share the loss ratio in Health segment wise? 
Gopal Balachandran: We are just waiting for somebody would ask, but anyway. So, on Group Health, 
I will first give the Quarter 3 numbers and then the 9 month numbers. First, I 
will give you the Q3 and 9 month numbers of last year. Group Health last year 
was about 97.2%, and this number for 9 months of last year was 97.7%. The 
same Group Health numbers for Quarter 3 this year was 90.7% and 9 month 
numbers is 93.2%. 
 
For Retail Indemnity, that is the other number that generally gets asked for. This 
again, Quarter 3 last year, Retail Indemnity loss ratio was 65%. This number 9 
months was 69.1%. For the current year Quarter 3, Retail Indemnity loss ratios 
are 63.1% 9-month loss ratio numbers are 67.3%.  
 
So, again, if you look at what we have been telling the market is on Corporate 
Health or Group Health, generally we have maintained that we are quite 
comfortable running at the book with the mid-90s. That is the threshold that 
we have spoken about on the Corporate Health, and that is exactly how it has 

       
 
Page 24 of 31 
played out on a 9 month basis. And even Retail Health, the range that we have 
generally spoken to the market is to see if we are able to run the book at a 
range between 65% to 70%.  
 
I think what we are quite excited with is the way how the growth in the book 
has played out and the fact that we have largely seen maybe couple of renewal 
cycles play through on the new product that we launched last year. I think the 
good news is, the experience that you are seeing on ground, is pretty much 
holding on to the assumptions that we penciled in when we launched this.  
Nidhesh: 
And lastly, sir, on the health side, we are showing very strong growth, but from 
a longer term perspective, how do we plan to manage the issue of old lives 
getting subsidized by the new lives and that lead to loss ratio deteriorating over 
a long period of time? Currently, we are still a young Company on the health 
side, but as the growth matures, let's say, five years down the line, what is the 
strategy to manage the overall loss ratio?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, two, three data points. One is that the penetration of Retail Health in the 
country overall is 5%, okay. Most of us end up looking at Group Health as a 
fungible thing for Retail cover. That awareness is building up, and there is a 
long play available, and it is also linked to the purchasing power. If we believe 
that the GDP growth, the purchasing power, the income tax cut, the GST all are 
living this, there is a significant road available where the growth of new to the 
insurance or new-to-protection will keep seeing a significant traction. And also 
as loss ratio picks up, which is very real and you are absolutely spot on, but at 
the same time the expense and the commission of acquisition also goes down.  
 
So, there is a counterplay that comes in on the aging book in terms of how it 
evolves and develops, better medical solutioning, all of that what comes into 
play, we can talk about that when we meet again, but there is a play available, 
and that is why we see a future as we go about it. Of course, and just to add to 
it, there is a good preventive play that will also become a critical factor for each 
one of us in our life. And as a Company, we would be very actively involved. 
There is so much more available, and through our ‘IL TakeCare’, which has got 
good traction, in real terms, we do believe that we will play a significant role. 
Right now it is all selling the policy and admission is how they interact, but that 
also is progressively changing. There is a good runway available, and it is all 

       
 
Page 25 of 31 
that sitting in our room we don't play out and simulate as to how this portfolio 
will behave two years, three years, five years down the line. These are part of 
actual actuarial modeling and we are well aware of it. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Couple of questions from my side. First, on the commission, our commission 
number that has increased sequentially quite substantially, so I just wanted to 
understand that whether this is primarily due to our Retail products increasing 
in the mix or whether you are seeing even in Commercial lines where you source 
to maybe agents or brokers that there has been an increase in commission. So, 
some color on what you are seeing on the ground and just because it is also 
that we are hearing about some regulatory scrutiny on this side. So, how do 
you see the regulatory landscape playing out? So, that is the first one.  
 
And secondly on the Group Employer-Employee, so you said that the loss ratio 
numbers look fairly encouraging. So, I just wanted to understand that this loss 
ratio outcome, is this more a pricing-led outcome or is this that the claims 
environment has become benign, which is why we are seeing this? And our 
growth, is this like also a function of the base effect? Because last year, I think, 
we were not growing this business. So, is that playing out or we have become 
fairly more constructive on this business than you were earlier? These will be 
my two questions.  
Gopal Balachandran: We will obviously try and address all of them. So, on the first one, Swarnabha, 
I think, again, this is something that we always call out, and this is what even 
Sanjeev just at the end responded to one of the questions. See, our business 
has to be fundamentally looked at in the context of loss experience and cost of 
acquisition. So, to that extent, there are always these nuances that play out in 
terms of what mix of business that you write.  
Relatively, I think the earlier question that was asked in terms of the mix 
between new and renewal in terms of Motor, and when I gave out the data 
points, clearly you would have seen that the proportion of new was much 
higher, particularly when you looked at the Quarter 3 numbers vis-à-vis what 
we had seen for the whole of 9 months. And new inherently comes with a high 

       
 
Page 26 of 31 
cost of acquisition and hence to that extent, obviously, and more importantly, if 
you would have seen generally Quarter 3 is typically a period of season, and 
more so on Retail.  
 
So, hence, any Quarter 3 you go back, you will always find the cost of 
acquisition to be relatively higher than let's say what you would have seen for 
other quarter. So, there is obviously an element of seasonality that plays out 
when you look at the commission numbers on an isolated basis, but what we 
would keep saying is to keep looking at it more on ideally the overall Combined 
ratio, which for us actually has dropped when you look at the H1 numbers 
relative to the industry adverse that has happened.  
 
And the second number that we keep talking about is more on the overall 
expenses of management. So, even after considering the impact of the wage 
code, that I spoke about roughly about ₹ 55 crore, as at 9 months, I think we 
are pretty much there in so far as the limits that are laid down by the regulatory 
guidelines.  I think we are very, very conscious of what we kind of source and 
very, very conscious of what loss experience and the cost of acquisition that 
comes as a part of it.  
 
To the second point on the regulatory evolution on this, I think honestly we all 
have to wait and see how it plays out. I think the good news is, I think from a 
regulatory standpoint, the regulator has been instituting the right set of 
guidelines for the industry. I think couple of years back, when they introduced 
this overall threshold on expense of management, that was a step in the right 
direction of making sure that all companies, all cost put together are well within 
that threshold of 30%. And if you look at basis public disclosures, roughly there 
are still maybe almost 21 out of 34 players possibly meet the norms. There are 
still a lot of companies which are still in exceedance on the expense of 
management.  
 
So, honestly, what we would want to see from a market standpoint is to make 
sure that every player in the market stays within the limit on expense of 
management, and then, honestly, we will wait for any subsequent changes that 
comes from a regulatory change, but we will be equally committed to whatever 
the guidelines that the regulator lays down. So, that is in response to the first 

       
 
Page 27 of 31 
point on both commission increase and what could happen in terms of 
regulatory change. 
 
To your second point on the GHI, yes, it is a combination of both. Again, this is 
something that we have articulated not only in the context of GHI. In general, 
what we have stayed focused on every line is to see how we can remain 
profitable and the very fact that the loss numbers that I gave out is a testimony 
to the fact that we have been very, very careful and selective in terms of what 
risk do we want to underwrite. Equally, it is obviously a combination of both the 
points that you made. It is a combination of, let's say, a better price in terms of 
what we are comfortable underwriting.  
 
And two, we have our own in-house claims management team. I think they do 
a brilliant job in terms of making sure that once a Group Health account is 
underwritten, how is it that we can play a very, very important role in managing 
the overall loss experience and at the same time giving delight in so far as 
customer experience is concerned, which is again reflective of the NPS scores 
that we have called out, whether it is Motor or whether it is Health. So, that is 
how the growth has been reflected. And again, we will continue to see that 
play out even as we head into Quarter 4 or even for the matter of fact, the next 
financial year.  
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Just on the first question I wanted to also check on the Commercial line side. 
So, is there any kind of like or where you have intermediaries has been in play 
commissioning inflation, anything you can talk of? 
Gopal Balachandran: No, honestly, Commercial lines, in general, has been, if you remember, what we 
have to say is Commercial lines we have our own relationship team, which acts 
as a direct interface in so far as working with corporates are concerned and 
hence to that extent, obviously, relatively that cost of sourcing tends to be very, 
very low. But at the same time, what we also write as a part of the Commercial 
lines is some of the SME risks, which tends to be relatively widely distributed 
and there, there will be an element of cost of distribution. But overall, the point 
that I made, when you look at the loss experience plus the cost of acquisition 
put together, on the Commercial lines book, that is a very profitable book for us, 
and that is the way how we look at it again rather than looking at one element 
of the business that we source.  

       
 
Page 28 of 31 
 
Moderator: 
We will take the last question from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak. 
Please go ahead.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
You have a very impressive growth in Retail Health and we can see an 
improvement in Retail loss ratios as well, but as we understand, typically the 
loss ratios in Retail products are significantly lower in the first two, three years 
and then they kind of move up from there on. So, I would have kind of said that 
this delta is because of the portfolio mix. Is it something that the new policies 
that are originated are ported or they are originated under different covenants 
or is as a cohort level profitability stable or improving or deteriorating, if you 
would give some color on that?  
Gopal Balachandran: So, Nischint, again, I think, I will maintain the same response that I gave to the 
earlier question, which is I think the loss ratio range on Retail Health as a 
Company that we are comfortable running at is between 65% to 70%. So, that 
is the number that we will keep looking for in terms of how we are able to stay 
within that.  
 
To a large part of in terms of sourcing, I think, honestly, what we want to do is 
in line with, let's say, some of the discussions that even the government has 
been doing to increase health care or increase health care penetration 
consequent to some of the reforms that they have done is to improve 
penetration at large.  
 
So, hence, I think where we are largely expanding our distribution reach, which 
is what we put out also as a part of the opening transcript to say that even on 
health, we are seeing, let's say, an increase in tier 2, tier 3 cities contributing, 
and these are, as we said, new-to-insurance.  
 
So, hence, to that extent, so far as we are concerned, we would want to 
continue to expand by acquiring a lot many more new-to-insurance customers, 
and to, and more importantly, the earlier point that I said in terms of our ability 
to continue to retain our own customers is something that we are very much 
focused on. So, it will be a combination of those two is what will continue to 
drive growth in the Retail Health book. 

       
 
Page 29 of 31 
 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
And Nischint, just to add to what Gopal is saying, see, we have also 
transformed our own journey, right? And we are a multi-line, multi-product 
Company. For us, whether the customer comes from the root of Motor or from 
Health, we are seeing it from a comprehensive one-stop solution. We were 
underballed in our offering for a number of years as far as Retail Health is 
concerned and we know that going in, as we move along, while we all know 
that the loss ratios moved upward as we age and that is the truth which I don't 
see would change, but at the same time, you also know if you are 
comprehensively dealing with this customer, the Motor loss ratio also goes 
down, I mean, just to share with you. So, it is a very clear mix and we are very 
well placed as a multi-product, multi-line company.  
 
So, what we are seeing is getting a good customer on board and then working 
with them on a lifetime profitability. So, the math is what plays out vis-à-vis 
what you see because at times you will see only Health, at times you will see 
only Motor. But what we look at it is in a far more comprehensive offering and 
with a 2.9% market share, which was just probably 18 months back for us to 
be a 4-4.5% where we stand as we exit Quarter 3, it is just helping us to build 
a very well rounded practice.  
                                         I am not saying it was not well rounded, but Health in particular was always in 
a stage which was driven by GHI and underballed on this part. We see this as 
a toggling part and we see it is a very significant play in our scheme of things. 
That is why we have got invested and we stay positive. And in our business, it 
is always possible that one or two lines will have a problem and COVID 
happened. Health was all over the place. But Motor kind of saved the day for 
us. So, that is the way the portfolio gets balanced and that is where we end up 
talking about what is it that we can generate as an ROE.   
Nischint Chawathe: 
That is very comprehensive. Just squeezing a last one. I am not sure if you 
mentioned this, but in case of Health, there is the input tax credit loss because 
of GST exemption. So, how are you dealing with that? Are you sharing it with 
the distributors or are you absorbing it? Is that one of the drivers for high 
expense ratios?  

       
 
Page 30 of 31 
 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, clearly, yes, we will have to realign our cost structure and this is what we 
have done. The benefit in totality of GST rationalization has got passed on to 
the customers, and we had the benefit of, as the volume grows for us, in every 
line of business, Motor or Health, economies of scale will kick in. We have a 
large Health practice as a Company which is in combined from the Employer-
Employee as well as Retail Health. So, definitely we will do what is it required 
to rationalize it and serve the customer appropriately, yes.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
Are you sharing it with the distributor? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Yes, of course, we have. The industry has shared. It is not only about us. We all 
of us on the general insurance in the Retail Health have and then the increased 
volume is not impacting the income of the distributor per se. so, there is already 
a counterplay which is visible which can be seen in terms of the growth. So, it 
is not that it is one channel which is getting impacted. Comprehensively, we are 
all able to do better business. So, yes, it's got passed on.  
 
We have also rationalized our cost structure because both part is required and 
today's technology and so much which is going on, which we have not spoken, 
but we can talk about it when we sit one-to-one, is helping us also to reduce 
cost per transaction.  
 
But I don't know, when you see the script which I spoke about as to how we 
have been able to use bots to get our digital part of serving, DIY serving 
significantly up vis-à-vis the operator handling it, which is driven by a lot more 
inconsistency and time consumption which can happen. So, there is so much 
that is happening. So the cost part will go down. So, we will be able to manage 
it on this front very easily.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
Perfect. That is very reassuring.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Great. Thank you so much for joining in and yes. Thank you, and have a great 
2026. Thank you so much.  
 

       
 
Page 31 of 31 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
Safe Harbor:                   Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this release 
which contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would' , ‘indicating’ , ‘expected 
to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of such expressions may 
constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These forward-looking statements 
involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking 
statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to our 
ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in 
business, the impact of any acquisitions, technological implementation and 
changes, the actual growth in demand for insurance products and services, 
investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, policies 
and actions of regulatory authorities; impact of competition; the impact of 
changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and other legislations 
and regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other risks detailed in the reports 
filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our holding company with the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission. ICICI Bank and we undertake no 
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or 
circumstances after the date there. 
