  
 
                                                                                             
February 19, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code : 507205
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 051. 
Symbol : TI
 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held for Q3 FY26 
results 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated February 10, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call with analysts and 
investors held on Friday, February 13, 2026 to discuss the Q3 FY26 results.  
 
The same is available on the website of the Company at www.tilind.com.  
 
Kindly take the above on record and acknowledge receipt. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Tilaknagar Industries Ltd. 
 
 
 
Minuzeer Bamboat 
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer & Head – Legal  
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
Minuzeer Yazdi 
Bamboat
Digitally signed by 
Minuzeer Yazdi Bamboat 
Date: 2026.02.19 
16:47:55 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
Earnings Conference Call.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you for joining us on Tilaknagar Industries Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call. We are joined today by Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Amit Dahanukar, 
Chief Strategy Officer, Mr. Ameya Deshpande; and Mr. Rajesh Choudhary, Chief 
Financial Officer of the company.  
We shall commence with views from Mr. Amit Dahanukar on the closing of the 
Imperial Blue acquisition, performance and financial highlights, followed by a brief 
commentary from Mr. Deshpande on the integration of Imperial Blue and the strategy 
going ahead. This shall be followed by an interactive question-and-answer session. 
 
Before we commence, I would like to state that certain comments made on today's 
call could be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been 
included in the results presentation, that is available on the stock exchange website, 
and which has been mailed to you. I would now like to request Mr. Dahanukar to 
make his opening remarks. Over to you. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Good evening, everyone. Happy to have you all join us on this earnings call to 
discuss the Q3 FY26 results. This is also the first quarter where we will report on the 
performance of Imperial Blue business division. We completed the acquisition of 
Imperial Blue on 30th November, and the current quarter's financials include Imperial 
Blue for the month of December 2025. I will provide an update on the current 
quarter's performance, which will be followed by Ameya taking you through the 
integration of Imperial Blue.  

 
Page 2 of 10 
 
In the very first month of Imperial Blue under TI ownership, we achieved a combined 
secondary sale of 2.1 million cases in Southern India in the month of December. This 
resulted in TI emerging as the largest prestige and above IMFL player with a 32% 
market share. Specifically, on IB, TI delivered an impressive volume of 1.8 million 
cases in December across India. On the back of this promising start, we are confident 
of restoring IB's leadership position and make it India's largest selling whisky. 
 
During Q3, our overall volumes increased by 76.1% on a YoY basis, reaching 5.3 
million cases. Excluding IB, our volumes increased by 16.8% to reach 3.5 million 
cases. For the 9 months ended 31st December 2025, the volumes increased by 
40.5% to reach 11.9 million cases, and excluding IB, the volumes increased by 
19.5% to reach 10.1 million cases. 
 
I will now cover the financial performance for Q3 FY26 and 9 months FY26. We have 
witnessed a strong growth of 90.5% on a YoY basis to reach a net revenue of Rs. 
664 crore. Adjusted for subsidy, we recorded a growth of 89.2%. EBITDA stood at 
Rs. 110 crore for Q3 FY26, clocking a growth of 82.3% and margin of 16.6%. 
Adjusted for subsidy, the EBITDA grew by 49.6% to reach Rs. 90 crore, a 14% 
margin on the combined business. 
 
For the 9 months ended December 2025, our revenue grew at 43.1% to reach Rs. 
1,471 crore. Adjusted for subsidy, we still clocked a growth of 39.5% to reach Rs. 
1,413 crore. In the same period, EBITDA grew by 50% to reach Rs. 265 crore. 
Adjusted for subsidy, the EBITDA was Rs. 206 crore, a 28.5% increase vis-a-vis the 
preceding 9 months.  
We have incurred an exceptional expense to the tune of Rs. 169 crore during Q3 
FY26 on account of transaction-related costs and TSMA fees. 
 
In terms of our portfolio-related updates, during this quarter, we launched our luxury 
whisky, Seven Islands Pure Malt whisky in the state of Maharashtra and certain 
export markets. This was soon followed by launch in Puducherry. Seven Islands is 
inspired by the city of Mumbai, which was earlier seven islands joined by the sea. It 
contains 4 malt spirits from Himalayas, Vindhyas, Speyside and Lowlands, each 
adding a distinctive characteristic. 
 
While we are reaching new heights with the acquisition of Imperial Blue and launch 
of luxury products under “House of TI”, we continue to also focus on the brandy 
market with an aim to maintain category leadership. With a significant stronghold in 
two of the largest IMFL categories, we are now truly a pan-India and pan-category 
P&A focused player. 

 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
On the debt side, we have taken on debt to the tune of Rs. 2,100 crore from banks 
and NBFCs. The loan is subject to principal moratorium for the first 2 years of the 6 
years tenure, followed by a ballooning repayment structure with majority principal 
only due in the last year. 
 
During the year, we have received Rs. 2,093 crore as a part of the preferential issue. 
This includes proceeds received in the current quarter upon initiation of warrant 
conversion by all public investors. Warrants held by the promoter group will be 
converted during the upcoming fiscal year.  
On CAPEX related to our Prag bottling unit, we are expecting the expanded facility 
to be commissioned in the 4th quarter of the current fiscal. 
 
I now hand over to Ameya to take you through the integration of Imperial Blue and 
provide guidance on the future performance. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Thank you. Very warm welcome to everyone joining us today evening.  
As mentioned by Mr. Dahanukar, we completed the acquisition of Imperial Blue on 
30th November 2025. As disclosed to the exchanges, the consideration paid to 
Pernod Ricard was Rs. 3,442 crore, of which Rs. 182 crore was towards closing 
adjustments, primarily relating to inventory taken over by us and prepaid expenses. 
There is another EUR 28 million to be paid to the seller after 4 years of closing i.e. 
in FY30. 
 
On the operations front, we are in the midst of an exercise to integrate the Imperial 
Blue business with our existing business. We have hired a Big 4 consultant to assist 
us with operational integration, and a boutique HR consultant from a human capital 
and cultural integration perspective. 
 
As mentioned earlier, we have taken TSMA support services from Pernod Ricard, 
while the labels under TI name are being registered. We are planning a phase-wise 
exit from TSMA with the aim of getting significant operations under TI belt by Q4 
FY26. 
 
With the increased scale of business, we have also carried out organization 
restructuring at the top management level. With significant portion of talent 
acquisition completed, we now have a fully built team to deliver continued success. 
 
We are also entering into new bottling and vendor arrangements to ensure business 
continuity and minimal disruption during the changeover period. During the 
integration phase, we are also undertaking cost-saving initiatives for the Imperial 

 
Page 4 of 10 
 
Blue business, which will result in margin expansion by 250 - 350 bps on the acquired 
business over the next 24 months. 
 
With Imperial Blue under our belt, the distribution network now gives us access to 
200 million+ cases opportunity in the Indian Alcobev market. Our strategy to lead the 
premiumization trend is anchored by dual engine, the strength of our existing 
portfolio and a robust NPD pipeline. This leadership is further accelerated by our 
partnership with Spaceman Spirits Lab, which positions us to capture the market 
through targeted luxury launches. 
 
I would now like to take some time to provide some guidance on the combined 
business going forward.  
Even amidst integration exercise, we expect to register a high-single digit volume 
growth for IB in Q4 FY26. Despite a strong start for IB under TI ownership, the brand 
will witness a low to mid-single digit volume degrowth in FY26 as compared to FY25 
on account of tepid performance in the 8 months preceding the acquisition. 
 
For FY27, we expect a high-single digit to low-double digit volume growth for the 
combined business, which will be followed by low-double digit volume growth over 
the next couple of years. 
 
In terms of margins, we expect the consolidated EBITDA margins to expand by 150 
- 250 bps for the combined business over the next 24 - 36 months.  
As highlighted earlier as well, we expect the net debt-to-EBITDA ratio going down 
below 1.0x by FY29.  
With that, I would now request the operator to open the call for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
 
The question is from the line of Karan Kamdar from Choice Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Hello, sir. I just wanted an update on Imperial Blue. Now that the transaction is 
complete, what sort of margins are we looking at ex-IB as well as including IB and 
what are the prospects going ahead?  
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes. Karan, as you would have seen, the earnings presentation has just gone up, 
and in the presentation, we have mentioned the steady-state margin of Imperial Blue 
before acquisition, which is around 11.7%. Now as per the guidance that I have just 

 
Page 5 of 10 
 
provided, we are looking at a 225 - 350 bps increase over and above that level, over 
the next 24 months or so.  
Karan Kamdar: 
11% just for Imperial Blue, right? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes. 11.7% is Imperial Blue, which is expected to expand by 250 - 350 bps over the 
next 24 months. And from a combined business perspective, including TI, which till 
Q2 was doing ~15%, you are looking at 150 - 250 bps expansion.  
Karan Kamdar: 
Over 15% for combined business? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes. We are talking about 150 - 250 bps on the combined business. If you just do a 
weighted average, then on steady-state basis with 11.7% for IB, it will come to 
somewhere around 12.5% - 13%. So, assuming 13% as the combined business, we 
are guiding to 150 - 250 bps expansion over and above that, over the next 2 years. 
Karan Kamdar: 
That is very nice to hear, sir. Additionally what kind of synergies do we expect with 
this acquisition? And do we sort of expect Spaceman Spirits Lab to also use these 
synergies and become a national brand or are we thinking of launching more whisky 
products? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
So, with the Spaceman investment, we are already currently distributing the 
Spaceman brands, namely Samsara gin and Amara Vodka in various markets. Of 
course, post-acquisition of Imperial Blue now our access to markets has increased 
significantly and we will now leverage on this distribution network, not only for the 
Spaceman products, but our existing product portfolio as well. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Okay. Any plans to launch more whisky brands or is that out of the question for now? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Organically, we will launch certain whisky brands in segments which we see as 
promising over the next couple of quarters.  
Ameya Deshpande:  
When we mentioned that we are looking at a 200 million+ cases opportunity, we are 
obviously looking at other segments, –and profitable price points to enter into. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Got it. And last question, sir, if you can give me a sense on any stress that you see 
in any micro markets or any states that you are worried about right now, any risk you 
see to this expansion? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
At this point, we are not seeing any stress in any particular markets. Of course, our 
current focus is fully on operational integration at the current moment and as we had 
mentioned earlier also, we feel that IB is a slightly underinvested brand for the last 4 
- 5 years. We will look at revamping our investments in A&SP across markets. 

 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Venkatesh from Alpha Investors. 
Please go ahead. 
Venkatesh: 
Good evening, sir. My question is regarding the NSR for IB business and for 
Tilaknagar Industries?  
Ameya Deshpande: 
Basically, the combined business NSR is Rs. 1,242 per case. IB NSR is Rs. 1,306 
per case. 
Venkatesh: 
IB is Rs. 1,306, okay. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes. And even ex-IB NSR has expanded from Rs. 1,161 per case in Q3 of FY25 to 
Rs. 1,209 in this quarter. 
Venkatesh: 
Okay. And another question is regarding the quality of the IB brand. Like 
comparatively to past like 3-4 years back, the quality was very nice. Right now, the 
quality of the IB alcohol is like it is not that good compared to the other brands of 
Allied Blenders or any other comparisons? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
We cannot comment specifically on these observations. I think all I would say is that 
the IB brand has a 30-year legacy and is the 3rd largest selling whisky in India at the 
current moment. I think that is an enough testimony that the quality is well 
appreciated and acknowledged by millions of consumers across India and globally 
as well. 
Venkatesh: 
Okay. And what will be the growth rate for the IB brand for this year and next year? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
We are guiding towards a combined business. As I mentioned in my opening 
commentary, for FY27, we are looking at a high single-digit to low double-digit kind 
of volume growth. And there onwards, you are looking at low double-digit volume 
growth. The revenue growth would be approximately 150 - 200 bps over and above 
the volume growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Heer Gogri from Choice Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Heer Gogri: 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to know about Prag distilleries to be 
on track fully operational by this quarter of 2026. Is that so and are we expecting the 
fully operational 3.6 million cases to start from this quarter or rather the first quarter 
of FY27? 

 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes, that would be right. We will commission the project by the end of Q4 and whilst 
in the first quarter, we may not look at 100% utilization right away. But over the 
course of the year, safe to assume that we will have almost full utilization of the plant. 
Heer Gogri: 
Okay. Got it. And any license fees pending or CAPEX pending to be paid for this 
distillery? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes. So there is certain around high single-digit to low double-digit kind of in crore, 
around Rs. 10-odd crore of investments still to be done. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
The license fees have been fully paid. 
Heer Gogri: 
Okay. Got it. And also, I wanted to know about your views on the Telangana dues 
faced by the industry, your views on that? And how is Tilaknagar facing the same 
and what is your outlook on the same? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
We are on par with the industry. Of course, it has been a matter of concern in terms 
of the increased receivables, which we are having from the government. But as a 
company and as part of larger industry associations, we are actively in touch with 
the government authorities to expeditiously clear this overdue. 
Heer Gogri: 
Okay. Got it. And one last question. You mentioned you are looking to revamp the 
IB business and invest in A&P. Any guidance for what percent of the revenue are 
you looking at for A&P? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Heer, there is an increase in A&P that we will be doing, but we are not guiding 
towards what that will be. But when we provide a guidance, a wider guidance of 250 
- 350 bps increase, that is taking into consideration the increased A&P reinvestment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajay Thakur from Anand Rathi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ajay Thakur: 
I wanted to understand a bit more on the Maharashtra-made liquor in terms of the 
brands which have already come through, what kind of impact are we seeing 
because of the MML brands? Have we seen some kind of faster growth for those 
brands v/s the IMFL segment? And what kind of impact is that having in terms of 
both the demand and in terms of the margins on our brands? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
MML has been introduced in Maharashtra in August. And of course, that segment is 
currently evolving, but it has certainly had an impact in the relevant category for 
Imperial Blue, which is a prestige category, where we have seen the segment as a 

 
Page 8 of 10 
 
whole has de-grown by 25%-odd. But I think as of now, currently, Imperial Blue is 
maintaining its market share in that relevant segment. 
But of course, there has been a volume decline in view of this new category of MML, 
which has been introduced. I must also add that the introduction of MML has been 
or rather is being contested by certain industry associations as I am given to 
understand, and the matter is sub-judice. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Understood. Sir, just want to get a bit more colour. Are we still seeing that MML is 
kind of ramping it up? And has it kind of stabilized now? Or is it still kind of ramping 
in terms of the numbers? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Ajay, our understanding is that MML is doing anywhere between 5 - 6 lakh cases per 
month. Right now, not really sure whether this is the peak or there is still growth to 
come, it is still pretty evolving in terms of nascency in terms of the segment. Having 
said that, we will just wait and watch and frankly, take it as it comes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikrant Joshi, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikrant Joshi: 
Hello good evening, sir. I am joining this first time. I am a very long-term investor in 
Tilaknagar Industries, started from small investment and now like I invested a good 
amount in Tilaknagar. Sir, I am a little bit unhappy with this stock because see, you 
have done a very great job like acquiring Imperial Blue. And then the opportunity got 
created for, let us say, by the preferential shareholders and then the warrants. But 
retail investors did not get a chance, let us say, through rights issue or something 
like that. So that was one thing. 
 
Second thing is, if you see the volatility in the stock price, sir, even this quarter, like 
the revenue has been increased like a huge jump. But then if you see profit margin, 
that one-time adjustment, the profit is in negative, sir. How can that be improved, sir? 
Because the stock price is directly proportionate with the profits, right? So, as a retail 
investor, I am not getting dividends and now because of the negative profits, so I am 
not sure like how that stock will now respond to that. How that can be improved 
profitability? That is my question, sir? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Vikrant, I think I will not comment upon the performance from a stock market 
perspective, what we can speak about is the operational and business performance. 
And from that perspective, I think the very reason that most of these transitional costs 
are a part of the exceptional items is to provide that colour to the investors and 

 
Page 9 of 10 
 
shareholders on the actual operating performance of the company. And I think that 
is the way you should look at it. 
 
The business has done well. Within the first month of Imperial Blue coming in, I think 
we have done a reasonable job despite all the challenges of integration, achieving 
1.8 million cases is by no means a small task. 
Again, I am not going to talk about the stock market performance over here, but 
business depending on what we are looking at right now, we do see that the margins 
are going to expand. I have guided towards that as well and hopefully, that will show 
through in the numbers as well going forward. 
Vikrant Joshi: 
Right, sir. The only request is like how can we put more focus on improving the profit 
margin? Because even if you, let us say, exclude that item, Rs. 169 crore, the profits 
are, if you compared to last quarter, I feel even the results are uploaded, let us say, 
1 minute before this call, right? 
I am not really sure because as an individual investor, our confidence also matters, 
right, in the company performance, right? I do not see any individual investor joining 
the call. But I am really, really long-term investor and I am really concerned about 
the profit margin? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
We appreciate your support as a long-term investor. And if you have been a long-
term investor, you would have seen that over the 5-6 years, the company would have 
delivered a very good return for shareholders who have stayed invested with the 
company for a horizon, 5 - 7 years. And we also believe that to remain invested for 
another 3 - 5 years, we could see similar returns going forward. 
 
The company and its management is committed in delivering value for the 
stakeholders. And all the decisions which we have taken in terms of the inorganic 
acquisition through Imperial Blue, raising more than Rs. 2,000 crore through a 
preferential allotment, judiciously managing the balance sheet while going through 
this acquisition, I think that is all keeping in mind the long-term interest of all our 
stakeholders. 
Vikrant Joshi: 
Right. The only request was like how can we create opportunity for individual like the 
retail investor as well, if you could have, let us say, like done the rights issue as well 
because other companies, if you see like a lot of companies going through the rights 
issue, right? So that benefits the retail. So maybe in future, I know like and I 
appreciate your vision and the efforts that you have put in because acquiring of 
behemoth was not easy and you have done the great job. 

 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Amit Dahanukar: 
So just to complete my narrative, I think during the fundraise, the Board contemplated 
various fundraising measures and in its wisdom, it decided to go ahead with a 
preferential allotment, which was duly approved by Board and then by shareholders 
as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Thank you, everyone, for your continued trust and participation. Q3 FY26 marks a 
defining milestone in Tilaknagar Industries journey with the successful acquisition 
and initial integration of Imperial Blue, significantly enhancing our scale, reach and 
category presence. While the integration phase will remain a key focus over the 
coming quarters, we are confident that the combined strength of our portfolio, 
expanded distribution network, and disciplined financial approach will enable us to 
drive sustainable growth, improve margins and steadily deleverage the balance 
sheet. We remain committed to building a truly pan-India premium-focused alcobev 
company. Thank you once again for your time and continued support today. We look 
forward to staying closely engaged with you in the coming quarters. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The document has been edited for clarity. The Company takes 
no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to maintain a high level of accuracy.  
 
 
