 
February 12, 2026 
To, 
The BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor New Trading Building, 
Rotunda Building, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
To, 
Corporate Communications, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051. 
Scrip Code : 541929 
Security ID : SGIL 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with Analysts / Investors on Unaudited Financial 
Results for the Quarter ended on December 31, 2025. 
Ref: Regulation 30 & 46 read with Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir, 
 
This is in continuation of our letter dated February 05, 2026 to give intimation of the subject 
mentioned conference call and subsequently furnishing the web link for accessing the Audio 
recording of the said conference call vide our letter dated February 12, 2026. 
 
In terms of the subject referred regulations, please find attached the transcript of the 
Conference Call held on February 11, 2026 with Analysts / Investors on Audited Financial 
Results of the Company for the Quarter ended on December 31, 2025. 
 
Please note that the said transcript has also been uploaded on the website of the Company 
(www.synergygreenind.com) which can be accessed at the following link: 
Link: https://synergygreenind.com/investors-relations/ 
 
This is for your information and records Yours faithfully, 
 
For Synergy Green Industries Ltd. 
 
Nilesh M. Mankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Memb.No.A39928 
 
 
 
Nilesh Mohan 
Mankar
Digitally signed by Nilesh 
Mohan Mankar 
Date: 2026.02.12 18:22:41 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“SYNERGY GREEN INDUSTRIES LIMITED Q3 FY2026 EARNINGS CALL” 
11th February, 2026 
"E&OE – This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 11th February, 2026 will prevail." 
MANAGEMENT REPRESENTATIVE: 
MR. V.S. REDDY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
MS. SHREYA SHIRGAOKAR, AVP- COMMERCIALS, 
MR. NILESH MANKAR, COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
 
 
Nilesh Mankar: Yeah. The agenda of the meeting is, first, a brief introduction will be given by me. After 
that, investor presentation will be given by Shreya Madam, and Q&A session. Q&A session will be held. 
So, I would like to share the guidelines of that call. All the participants are kept on listen-only mode by 
the host. All the participants are requested to not to record the call and during the Q&A session, we 
request you to introduce yourself with your name, organization name, and then your question. Next. 
So, we'll move to the introduction of the company.  
Dear participants, welcome to the Q3 of Financial Year 2025-26 Earning call and investor presentation 
of Synergy Green Industries Ltd. Synergy Green Industries Limited is one of the India's leading state-
of-the-art foundries, producing SG Iron, grey iron, iron casting for wind turbines, wind gearbox, and 
general engineering industries in the weight range of 3 to 30 metric Tonnes. The synergy green 
industries has installed capacity of 30,000 metric Tonnes per annum, and is in process of upgrading up 
to 45,000 metric Tonnes. The company houses best-in-class equipment, IT infrastructure. And quality 
testing facilities, and is a top supplier to a major wind OEMs, as well as leading gearbox players in the 
world. SGIL is a part of the Shirgaokar Group, which has diversified business interest for its 80-plus 
year history spanning across sugar manufacturing foundries, hospitality, and market research, among 
others. 
We have the panellists for today, Mr. V.S. Reddy, Executive Director, Ms. Shreya Shirgaokar, AVP 
Commercials and Mr. Nilesh Mankar, that is myself, company secretary of our company. Now, I would 
request, Ms Shreya Madam to give the highlights of Q3, financial performance of the company. 
Shreya Sirgaokar: Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. The presentation is 
divided between industry overview, company profile and business performance. And for the purpose 
of today's call, I'll be skipping over the first part and directly covering the company profile as well as 
business performance. Synergy Green has state-of-the-art facilities based out of Kolhapur, 
Maharashtra. With the current expansion in progress, we're now split between foundry and 
machining. In the foundry, we can produce up to 30 metric Tonnes single-piece castings, and we are 
in the process of upgrading to 45,000 metric Tonnes. In the machining, we can also machine 30 metric 
ton single-piece castings, and we're in the process of setting up the machine shop for a 20,000 Tonnes 
per annum capacity.  

Page 2 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
Additionally, we're also expanding our renewables portfolio, and have installed 10 MW of solar to 
support around 15,000 Tonnes per annum. Our products are split between wind castings, about 70% 
goes to this segment. Gearbox castings for the wind industry add about 15% more, and the balance 
goes to the non-wind castings of mining, plastic injection parts, pumps, turbine casks, casings, as well 
as cold pulverisers. We're trusted by 50% of the world's top wind OEMs. 
Out of these, a few business development updates that I'd like to highlight for today's call. We've 
successfully completed the development of five-megawatt components for Nordex, which has created 
opportunities for synergy across both domestic as well as export markets. Proto development for 
Envision has been successfully completed, and we've received the go-ahead for serial supply in FY27. 
However, this business has been slower than is expected for the offtake. We've also secured an order 
from L&T, and upon successful development of this, we're expected to contribute to the non-wind 
segment. And finally, we've received facility approval from BHEL for the production of power 
equipment castings. 
Moving to the business performance. Our capacity utilization continues to be at peak levels. 
In the current FY, as of 31st December 2025, we've reached 89% of capacity based on the 30,000 ton 
per annum capacity levels. Now, coming to the summary of unaudited financial results. For the quarter 
ended 31st December 2025, the total income for the quarter dropped by 4.8% over the same period 
in the previous financial year. The PBDIT stood at 9.62 crores, which is around 34% drop over the same 
period in the previous year, and PBDIT margins stood at 10.32%. Similarly, looking at the 9-month 
ended data, we've had a similar… a 4.8% drop in the 9-month total income, which stands at 252.92 
crores, and the PBDIT stands at 34.48 crores a 10.2% drop. The PBDIT margins for the nine months 
ended 31st December, stand at 3.63%. There are a few parameters that have impacted our 
profitability in the current… in the third quarter, as well as that's reflected in the 9-month data. There 
have been higher outsourcing costs that are incurred during the relocation of our equipment from our 
old unit to the new unit. There has also been increase in operating expenses, including manpower and 
other overheads which have happened during the establishment phase of the new unit. Increased 
finance costs and depreciation have risen from the expansion activity. These are all related to the 
Capex plan that we have a program that we have as an ongoing activity. Additionally, we've also taken 
a provision for the new labour code impact on the financials. Finally, on the customer's end, we have 
lower export realizations in the third quarter. This is because of discounted pricing that kicked in in 
Q3, which was factoring in in-house machining facilities that is currently under development. 
A summary of the ballot unaudited financial results for the balance sheet for Q3 FY26. The long-term 
borrowings and non-current assets have increased on account of the Capex, or capital advances. 
Drawing your attention to the short-term borrowings and other current liabilities. There has been a 
corresponding increase in production as well as inventory to take care of current quarter sales, as well 
as advances to suppliers on account of capital purchases.  
 
 
 
 

Page 3 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
Here's a brief overview of our financials, looking at revenue streams and estimates for the year. The 
revenue growth in the 9 months ended 31st December was muted, and this was majorly due to the 
delayed ramp-up of new wind product segments that we were expecting, as well as disruptions from 
the ongoing expansion activities that are currently taking place. basis this, our current order book, the 
full year revenue growth, we're expecting around a 5% increase in the previous year. This means that 
the executable order book projection for the whole year stands at around 380 crores. Looking at the 
PBDIT margins over the period. The PBDIT margins dropped marginally from 14.44% in 9 months FY25 
to 13.63% in nine months FY26. For the full year FY26, margins are predicted to be around 14%, 
considering the ongoing expansion activities.  
Taking a look at the progress of the Capex plan and its status, the foundry expansion is currently in 
progress, and equipment commissioning is at its final stage, which is expected to be completed in the 
current quarter. The captive renewable power plant has been completed and operational since 
October 25. An in-house machining, the first phase of machining machines have been set up and are 
operational. We've also successfully developed the protocastings and got them first time right in the 
machine shop as well as paint shop from our facilities. The phase 2 of machines to be commissioned 
are expected to be commissioned in the first quarter or FY27. Finally, taking a look at the FY25-26 
performance outlook, the revenue growth is projected at 5% in FY26 over the previous year. This has 
been impacted by delayed ramp-up of new VIN segment products and disruptions from the ongoing 
activities, as mentioned earlier. We also… we are expecting export revenues to remain stable, close 
to the previous year. PBDIT margins, however, are expected to be 14% for the current year, 
considering the ongoing Capex plan. With this, I'll close the presentation and open the floor for Q&A. 
Thank you. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: So, good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining this call. Now I would like to 
take you through the Q&A session. I call the names, and please unmute yourself, and go ahead with 
your question. The first, question is from Niteen Dharmawat Sir, please unmute yourself and go ahead, 
you with your question, sir. 
Niteen Dharmawat: Yeah, thank you for the opportunity, sir. So, first of all, I wanted to understand, 
were we not aware about the changes in the numbers which are now suggested? In the previous 
quarter also, because this expansion that we are seeing that is responsible primarily because of the 
margin changes and the top line projections. So, were we not aware of, or is it something that has got 
developed in the last 3 months? 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  See, first thing is, we were expecting, like, last quarter, you were right, we were 
projecting, retaining a growth rate of around 20%. We had some signs of maybe around 3-4% impact 
as well, but we don't want it to correct it because of the marginal 3-4% kind of the revenue drop, 
actually, no. There are two major events. The last quarter we were expecting a big take off from the 
Envision, the product development. We have completed the product development. due to some 
commercialization, these guys have dragged the serial product ionization of that product. That was 
one. And the second thing is, regarding the expansion activity, we have already completed the 
commissioning of the one production, the container sand mixer. We're expecting some kind of a take-
off. But we did not anticipate the kind of disruption in relocating the plant, so it was enormous. It was 
only a simple movement of the… what do you call, the castings from here to the Unit 2.  
 

Page 4 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
But actually, the entire set of the people moving over there, sitting down, it took much more than 
what the way we were anticipating. These are two major reasons why we need to revise our guidance. 
Niteen Dharmawat: So, you mentioned about there is a disruption from the customer side also. What 
is the impact now? Are they lifting the things, or they are not, or? 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  See, Envision, the customer, what happened, there was some specific query came 
from China. In fact, I had a purchase order, and also, I got a letter of credit in my hand. And they have 
raised something related to the warranty-related issues. So, because of that, then it went into the 
clarification. We have to hold the production. So finally, we got a clearance now. We are moving into 
the pre-serial lender, serial equity. So, this, the whole thing of Envision, which we were anticipating a 
business in the current year, almost around 30 crores business which we were expecting, that is 
getting spilled over the Q1 of next year onward section. This, we did not anticipate because initially, 
they took a lot of time in moving into the production, but when I had a purchase order and letter of 
credit in my hand, we were very sure about it, that things will move. But in between, the project has 
to hold because of the… some commercial discussions, and then finally it got clearance 
Niteen Dharmawat: So, are we saying that this is not cancelled, this has just got postponed? The first 
quarter, this number will be visible, are we saying this way? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes, you are right. Yes. 
Niteen Dharmawat: So, the same number, there is no change in the top line, only the thing is that it 
got shifted by one quarter. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Quarter. Yeah, one Quarter, you are right, you are right. 
Niteen Dharmawat: And we'll be able to deliver it despite having the challenges in terms of shifting 
the operations from one location to another? Or will there be some delay? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yeah, this shifting has already been completed, actually. This, we did the month of 
November. We relocated the October end and November beginning. We relocated our plant to the 
new unit. Now, the sequence is like this. The existing plant has got three major operations. I'm talking 
in the past. moulding, melting, and fettling. So, what we did is, we removed the fettling section from 
here and taken to the new unit. Whatever the space is created by removing the fettling, way of adding 
a second production line. The first job is to move this activity to the new unit. That we are done in the 
month of October and November. Now, we are completing the balance of the civil activity that is also 
completed. One equipment is erected; the second equipment has to be erected. With that, the 
complete expansion activity gets completed. So, I don't see any impact onto either orderbook or into 
terms of the execution, actually, no. Most importantly, this impact should be postponement of the 
whole subject by a quarter, actually. 
Niteen Dharmawat: So, we are saying that Foundry and in-house machining, both the things are 
complete. Foundry is something which is getting completed in this quarter, right? Q4 
V Srinivasa Reddy: You are right, you are right, yeah.  
Niteen Dharmawat: So, was there any delay in that also from the last discussion? 
 

Page 5 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: machining there was no delay. See, we have given the guidance of the two phases. 
Phase 1 is completed as per the original, the plan, and the phase two, we are given a March. So, both 
the things are happening. Maybe 3-4 weeks maximum if I give one of the equipment. Total 6 missions 
were installing. The one machine may get a… because there was a shipment delay from China to get 
that machine. So, barring that, I don't see any significant delay in the machining action. Second thing 
is, after commissioning of the machining, we have already successfully developed this, because this 
was one major technical hurdle which we have to go through, because we are a foundry guys for the 
last one and a half decade. The machining is a new technology, I'm happy to share that we got the 
right first component, perfectly alright. And in fact, we got the approval from Vestas, and also Senvion, 
actually. Now, we are gradually ramping up. And plus, we are also getting approval from the various 
other clients. That activity is going on. In fact, last week only, we got the decent quality certificates 
from the ISO, and all those things are happening, So, the machine shop is in line with the way we have 
planned. 
Niteen Dharmawat: So, the margin improvement that we were talking about is not happening in this 
financial year, in this quarter. Maybe next quarter onwards, we'll see, or will there be some more time 
for stabilization of the operations of machining in the foundry? 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  I don't see many other things. It may be a gradual ramp-up, particularly this 
quarter, we are also not anticipating to go down below the previous quarter, this thing. Maybe you 
have 1% here and there, mainly because of the what do you call it? We have added a lot of manpower 
to the new unit, including the machining, and there are a lot of development activities surrounding. 
Apart from that, simultaneously, we are also doing a lot of product development. Product 
development into capacity development. Both the things simultaneously happening. So, these 
expenses have comes in this quarter and without corresponding realization of the output from the 
machine shop. Now, which will start gradually giving in accruing the benefits from the machine shop 
from the Q1 onwards. 
Niteen Dharmawat: Yeah, because last year, I remember that we were saying something like, 500 
crores plus kind of revenue possibilities. Now, we are talking about only 5% top-line growth, if I'm not 
wrong. Just correct me if I'm wrong. 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  No, no. This year, we're not given 500 crores top line. If you go back to the other, 
this was given for the next year, not for the current year. 
Niteen Dharmawat: Next year, next year, next year, alright, so… 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yeah, next… yeah, next year, I don't see any change in our guidance, actually. That 
should be intact. 
Niteen Dharmawat: Okay, so 500 crores plus for the next year is in tech, as of now. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes, absolutely, absolutely. 
Niteen Dharmawat: we have the sufficient orders for that, right? And second is about the margins. 
When we have the same margins, or will there be an improvement in the margin? We have now 
deployed the machining also in-house.  
 

Page 6 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: It should go up, definitely it will go up. See, at least I expect minimum 16% plus 
kind of the margins for the… as far as the next financial year is concerned, actually, no. 
Niteen Dharmawat: So, what is a risk you see over there in top line and bottom line for next year? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, as far as the top lane is concerned, orderbook point of view, we have 
developed four major new OEMs, whether it is a Nordics, Senvion, former platform, Envision, and 
Adane. These are the four new products which we've added. Um, really, if they give the orders based 
on the project, I don't have a capacity to produce that much of castings. So, we are discounting 
something, one other customer even doesn't plus kind of revenue. So, looking at this situation, I don't 
see any big challenge, I suppose the top line of finance post is concerned, actually, no? The second 
part is, as far as the margins are concerned, the key target of enhancing the margins were coming 
from the two aspects. Solar is a very passive thing, actually. Once you install, you get the electricity 
generator, and it will get contributory or margin. There is no Rakuten set. The second part is the 
machining, actually, no. So, machining the major hurdle of developing the product and technology 
provider, that part we have done it. Now, only thing, what we need to complete is… successfully 
complete the balance of the three machines erection and execute the product. I don't see much bigger 
risk on the other side as well, actually. In fact, our basis of margin expansion is totally based upon a 
simple logistic cost savings. Today, what is happening is, for the US market, we're taking our castings 
all the way to Chennai, and getting back to for the US exports. So, almost 3% kind of the logistic cost 
we are going to save to avoid the transportation to the China and getting it machined, actually, no. 
And plus, those savings are not kind of in-house machining. These are the two drivers which I don't 
think fundamentally has gone away anywhere, actually, no? Because we are going to do next door, so 
these costs should definitely accrue with us. 
Niteen Dharmawat: I understand. No, because last time, I remember that we were talking much 
bigger margin expansion, but today you seem to be more conservative. So that's why I was a little 
concerned. Are we saving sufficiently, or are we looking at some other additional risk? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: No, no, no. See, if you really understand this thing doesn't change 18-20% month, 
it's 100% intact. I don't see any reason it will go away. When you asked about the next year, how it is 
going to be, because all the machines are getting commissioned in the March or April. So, maybe a 
one-quarter kind of thing, it may take off in terms of getting the full potential margin getting added 
up, that's why I'm telling you. Probably, if you look at the second half of the quarter, we may be 
clocking 18-20% kind of thing, but I'm taking on a weighted average role. At no cost, it should not go 
anything, actually. See 100 basis points margin always keep on oscillating because of the commodity 
cycle and customer realization. Today, if you look at the kind of commodity, the way it is moving on a 
daily, very volatile kind of thing and particularly, I'm talking about from January onwards, the 
commodity prices have gone up by 8-10%, actually That's the kind of thing. But I'll get the correction 
from the customer, but it'll happen with a one-quarter lag, so these are the various mis… because the 
copper has moved up, the other commodities, the way it is tracing. Barring that, I don't see any risk 
from the customer's head or anything, because the prices are frozen, I have contracts in my hand, the 
only thing it can affect my margin is the commodity action. The two, if whatever happens, it happens 
to impact for a quarter, and it gets neutralized in the next quarter, because there is a back-to-back 
hedging from the commodity. 
 

Page 7 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
Niteen Dharmawat: Okay, my final question -What do you see about the impact of the trade deals 
that have happened? Is there any impact on us? What was the tariffs which were imposed in between? 
Was it also impacting us? so just wanted to have your thoughts on that as well. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: It's a very important subject to arise. In fact, in the past, even though no customers 
can ask for a 50% discount corresponding to the 50% trade tariff barriers but always, there will be 
some element of pressure. If not 50%, can you contribute for 2%, 3%? This kind of margin pressure 
always will be there when that kind of tariff is sitting on our right direction, neither customer can leave 
us, nor we can leave the customer. We have to carry forward. But there is some element of pricing 
pressure when it comes to such a kind of 50% kind of margin is there on our head. But now, since this 
has gotten leaped, I don't see that kind of the impact. The second important thing is, soon after the 
waiver of tariff was announced, I got an immediate call from some of the US clients, so I'm expecting 
a big order book. Now, he's saying, don't stop the production, please go ahead with the full speed, 
means this is the kind of the positive impact what I'm listening from the thing. … 
Niteen Dharmawat: So, what is the capacity utilization currently? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, if you consider the existing 30,000 Tonnes kind of capacity, we are almost 
doing around 90% plus kind of the capacity utilization. 
But, as I told in the previous, soon after we relocated our new unit, we have started one machine. For 
example, we were handing a production of 30,000 to 45,000 Tonnes. So now, current month, I have 
got additional 5,000 Tonnes extra production is going on, because partially I already started a 
production from the new line, but to get the whole 15,000 Tonnes addition, so that I need to finish 
the second of the equipment, that automation line, that erection is going on. If that is done, the 
complete thing will be there. So today, the capacity, like last month, we had done a highest production, 
almost 2,800 Tonnes can have done, which was historically 10% higher than my previous best 
production,  
Niteen Dharmawat: Got it, sir. I wish you best. Just a closing comment from my side, wishing you best, 
and markets does not just like sometimes the surprises which has come, today's result. Maybe we can 
be a little conservative on that side, but you are the best judge for the situation. Thank you, and 
wishing you best, sir. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yeah, thank you. Just, I want to add a point. Of course, you are rightly pointed. We 
are also taking due care that we don't give any surprise. We keep a lot of things before commenting 
something on the outside, actually. But certain cases, what happens Like, if the people or team 
customers in our hand, we know what they're going. But when you do a project like this, see, if you 
look at the capex, historically, in the last 13 years, we've done about 200 crores capex. This year alone, 
we are doing 200 crores capex. Means, it's a 15 years’ worth capex we are doing in one year. So, the 
Capex calls for the involvement of a lot of external people. Even though we do a lot of due diligence 
before placing an order and roll, for example, particular linebacker civil guys, the way they commit 
with the penalty orders they take, and the reality of what they execute is totally different than what 
we think, so these are the challenges beyond our control. If somebody is agreed in an order, has taken 
a commitment, but he doesn't execute according to that, I have very little control on the moving that 
guy to someone else, actually. These are the challenges the civil execution and the related things which 
project got impacted. 

Page 8 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
Niteen Dharmawat: Yeah, civil guys may be pardoned by the company, but markets do not pardon 
very easily, so we need to be a little sensitive about this fact, but I'm sure that you have done a 
fantastic job, and you will do well next year also. I wish you good luck, sir. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Thanks a lot, sir. Thank you, sir. Mr. Pratam Raghani. Can you please unmute 
yourself and go ahead? 
Parth: Hi, sir, this is Parth here. Hope you're doing well. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yeah, yeah. Yes, please. 
Parth: So, I think the previous participation… participant has covered quite a few questions. Obviously, 
the current quarter results were not good. Sir, just some sense on, you’re still guiding for a 5% growth 
next quarter, which is about 125 crores in the next one, which would be our highest quarter by a mile. 
Do you think we can achieve this, or maybe, we just tone down our expectation right now and not 
give a negative surprise next month? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: No, no, no, no, I don't see any significant thing. See because, see, I will share one 
more thing. The last quarter, we were expecting 105, even it was a surprising thing for me as well, 
means we were not expecting these kinds of numbers. Otherwise, we would have given this guidance 
in the previous quarter, too, so I actually want to know. So, what happened physically when we were 
relocating the plant from Unit 1 to Unit 2, there was a disruption. It means it's a much bigger disruption 
than the way we thought. Particularly, people are accustomed to the existing unit, and they are well 
infrastructure, everything's settled down, actually. If I move 300 people from one plant to the other 
plant, so it is not like you're going to another office next door morning and starting in a full-speed. So, 
they come out with a lot of small, small things that that is not there, this is not there and all. So, there 
was a disruption. Now, because of that I need to postpone certain schedules from Vesta's particular, 
I am talking. I had to push back request. Otherwise, the sales would not have dropped so significantly. 
I had inventory, it is lying over there, but I'm not able to push because there are deception inventories 
lying in my hand. So, these are the challenges what happened. Now, having settled down the unit one, 
I don't see any big surprise, as far as the current quarter guidance system. We should be able to fairly 
able to do that. 
Parth: Okay and seconds are, I think the solar capex would already be on stream, so have we seen 
some meaningful cost-saving, because the internal power generation, or maybe some of the benefit 
will still take a quarter or two for it to fully reflect? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: As far as solar is concerned, it is already delivering the results. Almost, we are 
saving around 60 to 70 lakhs worth of the electricity bill on our book. It is happening, post-payment 
of the transmission charges and all those things. Again, it does not translate into the profitability, 
because how it flows is the cost of manifesting first to the work in progress, then finally sales happen, 
this gets transferred into profitability, actually, no. Since we started in the mid of October, so this, 
whatever the savings it has gone into the work in progress, something it should improve in the current 
quarter. Like, if you look at last quarter, we had about 10.3, there are a couple of things in the current 
quarter things. As far as positivity is concerned Solar already confirmed generation is happening. That 
will… we add positive to the margin, that's one. As far as the machining is concerned, again, 
development, I'm not expecting a very big contribution, but some kind of small contribution should 
be coming from the machining.  

Page 9 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
The third part is, since we are going to do a significantly higher volume in the last quarter, it will also 
give some kind of the cost-benefit. On the negative side, what I'm looking at, still, we are doing a lot 
of development activities, machine-related expenses will be there, because that is a new move where 
if I had to spell out around 250 people who are recruited for the new plant, So the manpower cost will 
be there, that is one. And third thing is particularly after January there is this little bit to more volatility 
in the commodity, actually. So, that may be a small thing. So, that's why, hey, I'm keeping it finger-
cast. Otherwise, I would have given a very good guidance for the current, if that commodity, the 
volatility part, did not have happened, actually. So, if you have to spend around 3,000 to 4,000 rupees 
per ton, increase in the commodity prices in the last 4 weeks, actually, no. But we cannot go back to 
the customer overnight, because we need to follow the Lakshman Rekha rule that I need to wait for 
one cutter, and then only I can go to the customer. Otherwise, customer also, what will do, whenever 
there is a pricey decision, next day morning, you'll come and say, ask me to reduce the price reduction, 
So, there's always the business, one quarter, up and down will be there. So, considering all this overall, 
I don't see any, the big the risk in the commitments. What we are making. One is on the top line, or 
on the margin. So, there are three positive things. There are two things which I want to mention for 
the committee. Overall, we should be able to do fairly then, barring the… if you take the exception as 
the Q3. So, Q1, Q2 level, definitely, we should be able to do, actually. 
Parth: Fair, I think certain challenges are beyond our control, and we fully appreciate it's easier said 
than done to just give guidance’s and execute on grounds also no harm done. So just one last thing in 
your presentation, we can see some new products on non-wind castings. Is that the case? Maybe the 
coal pulveriser or such where we've gotten certain new products, new orders, new customers. And 
lastly, what would be our order book as of today? if you can help us with the same… 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Actually, the reason only I came to know, because L&D has approached us that 
there is a big casting requirement.  We were also not aware. They themselves approached us. When I 
explored that, I came to know that Government of India has cleared 80,000 megawatts of 
conventional power installation. Today, L&T and BHEL is sitting with huge auto backlog, which is 
beyond their capacity. So, that takes us this order book, what we have done. We're expecting this 
order book piece to be for next upcoming 10 years, that kind of thing. Looking at the schedules, what 
they have given based upon the share of business, because today I have a purchase order only for the 
development order. I fairly expect around 20-25 gross annual business coming from this particular 
customer, this product which we agree with the order, actually known. And again, this order may 
materialize in the second half of the next year, because it will take about 6 months for the 
development activity. So, thereafter, it should contribute to the revenue. 
Parth: Perfect, sir, perfect. thank you, I will join back the queue. If you could just probably mention 
the order book that we have. I don't think it's there on the presentation would be very helpful.  
V Srinivasa Reddy: Actually, we have put an executable order book on the current year, but next year, 
I think we're not mentioned, but I can spell out. As far as the order book is concerned, I see somewhere 
well above 500 crores. The key is how does the customers take off, and how the execution happens? 
These are the two elements, actually. And the second thing, as I mentioned, Niteenji has asked me the 
same question earlier. Um, the kind of projections customer has given this order book exceeds 650 to 
700 crores. But we believe there will be some element of discounting happening from some of the 
customers, because what their project and what actually happens. So, that's how we are saying, fairly, 
we should be able to do well above finite process. This is how we are estimating for the next finite. 

Page 10 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Thanks, but may I request Mr. Pratik Jain to unmute yourself and go ahead with 
your question, please? 
Pratik Jain: Hi, so thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question is, given the new developments, 
there has been a delay in ramp-up, in your view, what is the reasonable timeframe by when you can  
sweat out the incremental 15,000-ton capacity? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, as far as the capacity is concerned, should not take more than a quarter, 3 
months period. Because, once the erection is completed, then we can deploy the new manpower, 
train them, and take up that. There are two aspects. One is the addition of the capacity or equipment, 
installation and other things.  
Second thing is the product development. We have already taken up a lot of product development 
activity, that includes Senvion. I'm quite happy to say that the current quarter increase, what I've been 
talking about 4MW product we developed last year but now that is getting materialised in a big way. 
We are doing almost very good production on that. And we have also completed the Envision 
development, but due to customer commercial reasons, that did not take off, but that… we are ready 
to move, actually, no? It's a good, sizable… the capacity.  
Third thing is, the Nordex development, what we had done we already successfully developed an 
India's largest wind turbine part for a 5MW platform. Almost 20 castings were done. With trade tariff 
barrier going away, I see a good volume coming from the export market. So, overall, if I look at the 
majority of the product development team we are through, means we had 4 customers of product 
development. Generally, each product development takes 6 to 8 months. The only one product 
development is lying, that is on the Adani. We already produced the pattern, samples are in 
development, barring that, we have already got out of the development phase. 
Pratik Jain: So, if I have to summarize, then can this 45,000 metric ton capacity get fully sweated out 
by next year? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, the challenge, how it happens is the Q1, Q2, typically, if you look at the Indian 
engineering businesses, The Q1-Q2 is a 40% and 60% happens in the second year. So, just capacity is 
getting materialized. So, somewhere around 85-90% capacity, we should be able to utilize in the next 
year. 
Pratik Jain: Got it, got it. And, so my second question was in the press release, it was mentioned that 
there was some impact on margins because of discount… taking… discount given to the customer. Um, 
can you please explain what exactly is this? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See we have negotiated a contract with Vestas, in particular the export market, 
starting from January, for the US market, to be shipped out of from Kolhapur. Means, that is not on 
January, it is a full financial year. They negotiate the prices, the interest market, on a calendar year 
basis. That is January through December basis. So, at the time when we were negotiating, there are a 
lot of tariffs and other things, so we were looking at a cost of 30 years. So, that includes the elimination 
of the logistic cost, that is one, plus the benefit of some of the things which I was mentioned in many 
of the calls, we wanted to pass on something to the customer. Both put together, so discount was 
offered. Now, what is happening is, what customer is saying, Vestas, this… the inventory, the orders 
which I have released for January assembly is for the next financial year.  

Page 11 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
So, we ended up in passing on those revised prices from the Q3 of our execution itself. So, that is how, 
since still I am continuing to machine from the outside, but the prices are belonging to the machine 
Indian house and shipped from the cooperate. This is the major difference.  
Pratik Jain: And if I have to simply… I mean, from my understanding, can we take these margins back 
up again? After some time? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yeah, see, this is the additional cost we are incurring today, is because of I going 
all the way to Chennai and getting it machined and sending it to US market. Otherwise, I can very well 
supply here directly from Mumbai to US, actually, no? So, this cost will be temporarily till my machine 
shop gets approved and supply happens from the current trend. 
Pratik Jain: Super. That's from my end. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Thanks. Mr. Amitab, can you please unmute yourself and go ahead, please? 
Amitabh Vatsya: Yeah, I hope I'm audible. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes, sir. Yes, sir, Amitabh, please go ahead, yeah. 
Amitabh Vatsya: Yeah, I have one question which is a kind of follow-up from last Quarter 1 FY26. You 
had said about Siemens Gamesa order being, actualized in this quarter, quarter three, I think that was 
the timeline given. So, and so far, I've not heard of about the update on that. So, what is happening? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, yeah, you're right. Again, the Siemens Gamesa ownership was getting 
changed. I think you rightly pointed out this year revenue growth was purely dependent on all four 
new major customer sides. That is on the Envision and Siemens Gamesa or Nordex, these were the 
major things. Siemens Gamesa, I had schedules beginning from the third quarter but actually, when 
company migration happened, there were a lot of procedural things inside the organisation. Finally, 
they took hardly 3-4 sets in the end of the December, but now, current quarter, they are giving the 
schedules. So, almost there was a pushback about a quarter by Siemens Gamesa as well on the take-
off. 
Amitabh Vatsya: Okay, okay. And you spoke about some approval from Envision so we got approval 
for 3MW or 5MW? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: It's a 3.3 megawatt, but we have developed right now. I think they are building 
around 1,400 turbines, so that translated into around 50-60,000 Tonnes kind of demand is there. We 
are expecting at least 10,000 Tonnes from Synergy contribution to their take off. 
Amitabh Vatsya:  Okay and so Envision is, I mean, are they taking similar order, similar supply from 
anybody else in market, in India or you are the sole supplier? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Today, they are 100% importing from China. Yeah, no, we are the first supplier to 
develop that product. Otherwise, it is coming from China today. 
In fact, they were bringing it in a CKD condition, so semi-assembled condition from China, but 
government of India has bought a regulation, they cannot bring your CKD more than 200 turbines or 
some 200 megawatts. There is a regulation 
Amitabh Vatsya:  Right. 

Page 12 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: So, in line with that, they initiated development. Synergy was the first company to 
come forward under the development of this product. Already, we had developed the product, first 
part is already assembled. Turbine has gone ahead, actually. But we were supposed to get a serial 
production in this thing, so there was a quarter delay, like, there were some other commercial 
discussions came on related to some warranty and other things, so then finally it got sorted out. So, I 
am expecting from Q1 onwards, should be the Envision revenue should materialize. 
Amitabh Vatsya:  Okay. And is there anything you would like to talk about on the industry level, like, 
because I've heard some of your competitors has also started expansion, so are we gearing up for our 
future expansion, or how you are looking at the supply side of the things? 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  See, if you look at last 6 months or 8 months, a lot of positive things are happening 
in the Indian market. First thing is, the Indian market competitiveness has dramatically improved, 
because the yuan-INR relationship has changed. INR has depreciated almost 15%. So, that gap, 
whatever was there between China and India, that has vanished. Means now there is more incentive 
for the local OEMs without looking at the Chinese suppliers to buy everything from India, actually. This 
is one. So, I see a positive effect on our content. The second thing is last 3-4 years, if you look at, in 
fact, many of the calls I have highlighted this, I also did not understood the thing. A lot of solar 
installation is happening without much growth in the wind sector. 
Amitabh Vatsya:  Right. 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  At the end of the day, you cannot survive round-the-clock energy only with solar, 
actually. Wind has to catch up. So now what has happened? The Maharashtra MSCB, around 3-4 
months back, they've come with a regulatory thing saying that they are penalizing Solar Generation 
by 25%. And they're giving incentive by wind, by 25%. Means, the tariff difference between wind and 
solar has made a 50% difference in the cost. Now, everybody is rushing behind the wind turbine 
installation, because there is no power generation is happening in the evening hours. The significant 
pump injection is happening in the daytime because of a lot of solar installation happened in the last 
3-4 years. So, that is also giving a very good demand for the industry, for the wind sector as both 
industry side improvement in the market conditions.  
Second, supply side, currency has played a big role to cater this demand to the domestic players like 
us, essentially, so these are the two things I see positive, and everybody is doing expansion, I know. In 
fact, Baetter also trying to add another 15-20,000, I think, even SE Forge is also maybe thinking. And 
we, all of us, has got a lot of demand. I see, particularly if we look at the export market at all, many 
people are looking at a non-Chinese, the supplies. So, all of us has got enough market to play this 
game, actually. 
Amitabh Vatsya: Last time you were talking about deemed export benefit not accruing to the 
company, so is there any change into that into that stand.? 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  No that we were not in any benefit we were expecting out of that. 
Amitabh Vatsya: Like, you were saying that there was because you do some bit of 4-5% of your order 
book is into is a deemed export? 
 

Page 13 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  It's almost 20%. For example, some of the OEMs, like Nordex, Vestas are couple 
of customers. They buy the casting from us, assemble in India, and export to the US market or 
European market. 
Amitabh Vatsya:  Okay. 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  So, that has not changed. There is no regulatory thing. Only the difference in that, 
if I understood well in case of an export to this thing they can import the casting from China, without 
a customs routine, because they were going to bring these with an obligation for the exporting. 
Means, there will be an 8.3% custom duty difference for the guys, one who is deemed export. Yes, 
that will still continue to be there, but at the end of the day, because of this currency, the majority of 
the gap has gone away, actually. If somebody is buying a casting, if for a 2-3%, nobody will go away. 
But if it's a 10%, 12%, definitely they will look at the cheaper sources.  
Amitabh Vatsya:  Yeah, that's not that material. 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  Yes. 
Amitabh Vatsya:  One last question by any chance, the capex you are doing 200 crores, does it qualify 
for any Maharashtra infrastructure definition of large infrastructure project, and some incentive in 
terms of duty? 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  Yes, sir. We have an incentive. It's almost, I think, 29 crores incentive we got. Of 
course, I want approval, I need to claim over a period of, say, 10 years. So, I am expecting closer to 2.9 
crores per year. We are already having a letter with us. There are some certain conditions, means I 
need to do the Maharashtra sales, so when I do it, I get the state GST, what we are paying, that will 
be refunded. But there will always say a 12-month lag between, exhibition of the orders and getting 
back from the government, actually. Yes, we do have an incentive of around 29 crores sanctioned from 
the government, Maharashtra government. 
Amitabh Vatsya:  Okay, but there's a compulsory sales? is it binding, like, you have to sell it to Sany, 
or somebody who is localized into Maharashtra, Because your customer is widespread across India.? 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  No, no, but we have a good amount of Maharashtra sales customer also. 
Fortunately, because wind industry, having two hubs, one is Chennai, second is Pune. Someone like 
Senvion, Envision, all are based out of Pune. So, I have enough customer base to claim that the 
incentive, what is sanctioned. 
Amitabh Vatsya:  Oh, okay. That's all from my side. Thank you, sir. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Thanks, Amitabh. Mr. Pranit, can you please unmute yourself and go ahead? 
Praneeth Bommisetti: Thank you. yeah, thanks for the opportunity. So, one question I wanted to ask, 
I understand that by FY27, you would want to go to the 500-crore mark, but the thing is, production-
wise, we still are expanding, and do you think we'll be able to, like, add another 15,000 capacity in 
terms of production also? Because I think we still have problems and expanding at that trade is 
substantially very difficult in the cash thing usually industry, right? 
 
 

Page 14 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Should not be a problem. Like I've spoken in the earlier participants' question as 
well. One is a market business. There is enough business. The second is a product development. That 
is what the major activity the current year we're taking on. Even though we are all looking at the 
Synergy performance with the year-on-year, what is not reflecting in this balance sheet is the kind of 
task we had taken up in product development, and also completing the expense generator. That is a 
major milestone which we have resulted in the finance. Of course, we have taken an ambitious the 
goal of… apart from doing these two major tasks, we wanted to grow without failing in the last current 
order. Of course, there were some delays in the expansion activities. Parting that, coming back to your 
question I don't see any big… the challenge in ramping up. In the past also, we have grown 30%, 40% 
kind of the numbers. The last 2 years, 3 years, if you look at revenue, we're almost at the peak level, 
because our capacity was at the high end of the utilization, actually. Since new capacity is getting 
materialized, and the products are already developed, we should definitely be able to get a significant 
revenue growth in the next financial year. 
Praneeth Bommisetti: Understood. And one more thing is regarding your power opportunity. So, are 
they also large castings? Are they similar size to the wind castings, or what is the size of those? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yeah, it's almost 25 to 30 tonne kind of the castings. They're quite big. And see, 
synergy’s strength is in producing the large casting in a repetitive nature. When I go to the non-
windows, you don't get too many such business opportunities. Since the power sector is opening up 
it is a new demand which is coming up. So that we gone ahead and picked up that order. So, we should 
be able to get a good repetitive business from that sector. 
Praneeth Bommisetti: So, our margins similar to the wind castings, or are they higher? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yeah, generally non-wind, I get a better contribution. But only thing, we get less 
opportunity to get a big cast in large volumes, but this yes, should we have a better contribution, 
actually. 
Praneeth Bommisetti: So, are there any plans of building, let's say, dedicated facility to the power 
sector? Because you see there's a huge opportunity, right? I understand that wind is a forte, but would 
it be possible to also expand, especially you're mentioning the contribution is also higher for this? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: As of now, we are not gone in that direction thinking. We always kept in mind 25% 
diversifying our capacity to the non-wind segment. So, many times this thought came, why we should 
not be operating completely out of a foundry on the non-wind. Probably, if you ask me the same 
question after 3 years, I may say yes. But as of today, we are trying to add incrementally increase the 
capacity, because just, first, we are trying to absorb these 45,000 capacities. And back-to-back, we are 
serious thinking because if this trade tariff and other thing, nothing seriously, anything goes wrong in 
the next 6 months or so, I see a lot of pressure coming up from the international market for adding 
additional capacity. So, we are next to immediate task, but we are looking at having completed these 
45,000 stories in the next 3-4 weeks or so. Our focus will be on how do you build the next capacity of 
100,000 Tonnes, So during that, definitely will not think of building a separate capacity for the non-
wind or some kind of thing, but if it would like to add more product mix, like the what we took an L&T, 
so that we continue to retain that 25% non-wind portfolio product mix in our business. 
 
 

Page 15 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: Understood. And one thing, before the tariff situation, I think we were at a 5% 
differential in the export market, right, compared to the Chinese. With the yuan appreciating has a 
difference disappeared or how is that right now? 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  See, this was like, and I've mentioned many times, our guess is, again, China is 
difficult to predict what price they're selling and all. We try to compare the market study and all. There 
is around 25% price difference was there. But today, I know the landed cost of the majority of the 
Chinese castings coming to India, I think we are cheaper, maybe 3-5%. That's what it appears of course, 
that is impacted with a basic custom duty of 8%. Means we are almost at par, closer to within 2-3%, 
So, we are competitive. Now, coming to the US market, if you go back prior to the Trump, there was 
always a 25% tariff on China, And India had a… China had a 24% cost advantage. So, ultimately, the US 
market, we did not have any barrier. But recently, when the tariffs were increased to 50% and China 
was enjoying 47%. So, there is a significant distortion in account of tariffs, actually. But taking back 
this 50% tariff story back to the 18%, now Indian castings are quite competitive in the US market, 
actually. 
Praneeth Bommisetti:  But would it be cheaper as a result of the currency testing, or no? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes, today we have become cheaper, actually. In India, I'm talking about. If you 
add the tariff and all, we are a little scared, actually because I see a lot of social media posting saying 
that this is only valid till we don't buy any Russian oil from that. I don't know how, which day, what 
tariff happens. So, I'm not predicting that, but if you look at what is there on the paper today, we are 
much cheaper in the US market. There is no doubt about it. 
Praneeth Bommisetti:  Okay. Thank you so much for your answers. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Thanks. May I request to Mr. Sunil Jain? Please unmute yourself and go ahead. 
Sunil Jain: Good evening, sir. So, first of all, thanks for a fantastic clarification to the previous 
questions. That solves a lot of doubts. My pointed question is, sir, are finance costs are consuming a 
significant portion of our operating profits. So, does the management or do we have any specific plan 
for debt reduction or some refinancing over these next 12 months? I mean, how are we going to 
improve the bottom line? Because this is eating away our profits. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, you don't look at the profit. Today, what has happened, like, as I mentioned, 
in the last 15 years, our capex was 200 crores. This year alone, it's almost getting doubled. And again, 
when we did, we did not go with a full Leverage of our balance sheet. Today, we are at a debt equity 
ratio of closer to one is to two. Maybe by, if you look at the next financial year, if everything goes right,  
somewhere around 16-18% kind of margin if you do closer to 500 close plus kind of thing, we may end 
up in doing early repayment of the sum of the term loans. I don't see the… as far as the finance cost 
ratios percentage, if you're concerned, it should not be more than 3 or 4% of our total, the revenue, 
actually. Today, you see finance costs higher, because completely we're in a project phase, and 
whatever the capex is done, that does not reflect into the revenue contribution or the profitability 
contribution, actually, no. This is a temporary word. Probably, if you look at Q3 of next year, this 
prospect significantly changes. 
Sunil Jain: Okay, fine, sir. Thank you. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Thank you. Mr. Jignesh Vayda? Can you please unmute down, Go Ahead 

Page 16 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
Jignesh Vayda: You mentioned that there were increase in outsourcing costs. So, all these costs were 
related only to machining, or any other roles? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: No, no, actually, what is that? Heated meant we had 100% in-house facility. But I 
have to disappoint this equipment, relocate the new plant. So, during this process, it almost took one 
of three months for me to dismantle and take it. So, but I have scheduled something with the customer 
I need to serve. So, we ended up in taking all these castings all the way to Hyderabad and getting it 
back. So, for example, I was spending hardly 5 rupees per kg in-house, variable cost. I ended up paying 
17, 18 rupees per kg, including transportation and paying additional outsourcing cost, no. So, that is 
another big addition in the last quarter this was the outsourcing activity. 
Jignesh Vayda: So, what will be the quantum of that. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: That will be closer to some 600, 700 Tonnes is what we are done outsourcing in 
the last quarter itself. So, 1% of margin was eaten away only because of that outsourcing equity, closer 
to 1%. 
Jignesh Vayda: Right. And so, you mentioned that the Vestas had negotiated a discount. So, is this a 
one-off, or every year, because of this community pricing that we cannot pass on? Oh, we can pass on 
only after a quarter. We will face such situations in future also? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, all OEMs, or this is not only for our industry, all engineering industries, there 
will always be an expectation to improve the cost year on year. This is the thing. Now, coming back to 
specific the current year, we are planning to increase the business and share of the wallet. So, 
We have put an effort to reduce our unassigned costs by eliminating the logistic cost to China, that is 
one, that is, which is passed on to the customer. The second is, we are also expecting some amount 
of savings on our kind of in-house machine, actually, because the scrap generation happens, so plus 
the waiting time and all those things. So, based upon this, these discounts were passed on. But today, 
if you look at in Q3 numbers, what we have executed still those things are not metal is in our hand, 
because when we negotiate with the customer, it is not negotiated for a partner, it is negotiated for 
the full year. Because I don't get an opportunity to go and sit with him in the March account and again 
discuss. So, this is how it works. 
Jignesh Vayda:  Right. The final question that you said that you have started one line, so 5,000 tonnes. 
So, other two lines will be started by a March end. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes, yes, yes. Basically, the second line is the complete this thing, that is the 
automated line. The one manual line we have already started, so that last month itself, there is an 
almost 10% increase in the production. In fact, as I mentioned, the highest production was done in 
the last month. So, once that's the balance of the line gets completed, we should be able to go up the 
production of the total for 45,000 Tonnes. 
Jignesh Vayda: So, by March, 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Again, When I mentioned 45,000 Tonnes, whatever I was looking at it, 90-95% kind 
of a capacity relations, we should be able to do 90% plus kind of the capacity relation we should be 
able to with a strong orderbook in your hand. 
Jignesh Vayda: So, from Q1 onwards, at least, we would be able to utilize 45,000 tonnes.? 

Page 17 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  Yes, 90% of the orderbook 
Jignesh Vayda: Okay. Yeah, yeah, okay, thank you. 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  You're welcome. Mr. Riken Gopani, can you please unmute yourself and go ahead? 
Riken Gopani: Yeah, hi am I audible? 
V Srinivasa Reddy:  Yes, please go ahead, Riken. 
Riken Gopani: Yeah, hi sir, just wanted to first understand a little bit in terms of there were some 
startup-related costs, and discounts-related costs, which have also impacted the performance. So, if 
we have to just look at a like-to-like, if you adjust for the startup or the new expansion-related cost, 
directionally compared to the same quarter last year, would the gross margins have seen some 
deterioration, or are the same, or what is the trajectory on the gross margins? 
V Srinivasa Reddy:   See, if I were to break up this whole course, somewhere around 3% margin is on 
account of the pricing part of it, out of which 100% is in the logistics cost, 100% is going to the price.3% 
has come only because of the revised pricing mechanism, that's one. And 100 basis point, which I 
discussed with the previous participant, on the outsourcing of that activity, the heat treatment. That 
is, of course, perfectly related to only one particular product. So, the 4% is because of these two 
aspects. There is some marginal contribution of the slightly higher manpower cost, because we have 
recruited the people for the new plant, but still, the output has not started contributing as you know. 
So, on an overall level basis, if I take out this noise related to the expansion, I don't see any margin 
deterioration in this whole thing. 
Ricken Gopani: So, this discount is something that will not continue to be there in the remainder of 
the year or the next year. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, we are going to do the savings that is passed down to the customer, right? So, 
means that I'm not going to incur when I start mentioning here, I need not incur the logistic cost which 
I'm supposed to spend today I'm spending, almost 3% logistics I'm spending to move to China. That 
cost gets eliminated. So, that price get adjusted, actually. 
Ricken Gopani: So, so when we sort of indicated initially when we took up this project, that there will 
be about 300 basis points, net improvement in margin because of the machining aspect, and about 
200 basis point because of solar. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes. 
Ricken Gopani: So, the net improvement of 300 basis point remains, even after adjusting for the 
discount and everything. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes, because if you look at the overall the machining, the cost which we're 
spending, almost 12-15%. But cost of running is not more than 3%. So, almost 7-8% comes. So, in that, 
we have factored 4-5% passing the points come out, 3% contribution back to our bottom line. This is 
how we have planned 
Ricken Gopani: So, sir, let's say when we are in Q4 of next year, when we will have the full capacity 
running at full steam, and you would have the machining also in place, is it fair that you would be 
somewhere closer to the 20% mark in terms of margins? 

Page 18 of 18 
 
Synergy Green Industries Ltd 
February 11th, 2026 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Absolutely, you're right. I don't see any challenge in that, actually. So, that's why 
I'm buying some commodity here and there, noise of 1% here and there. Always, I'm giving a raise of 
18-20%, I don't think any fundamentals have changed as far as this guidance is concerned. 
Ricken Gopani: And so, lastly, in terms of when do you start meaningful supplies to envision in terms 
of numbers, and so for Adani as well. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: So yeah, as far as Adani concerned there are two platforms. One is a 5MW platform 
and a 3MW platform. 5MW platform- Hub and mainframe, the bigger parts, weights are much beyond 
our capability, which is 35 metric Tonnes. Our maximum weight is 30 Tonnes only. So, they ended up 
in importing all the castings. As far as the 3.3 megawatt is concerned, those castings fall under 20 to 
22 per ton. So, those product developments were taken. We have almost bought the mainframe at 
Hub, and the second casting is getting poured this week, actually. So, we next month, this 
development activity of the Adani also should get completed. We're already having the serial supplies 
of bearing housing, but that doesn't give us only around 20 crores business is giving. But with this 3.3 
megawatt coming into the picture, we expect around a 60 to 80 crores kind of the revenues coming 
from the Adani as well. 
Ricken Gopani: And Envision? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, as far as Envision is concerned, I would be scared of the way those guys are 
asking me the question. They are asking 40,000 Tonnes, 35,000 Tonnes kind of numbers. Boss, I'm 
telling first to use the 10,000 Tonnes, we'll talk about the 30-40,000 Tonnes. Because, as I know, they 
have scheduled for 1,400 turbines per next finance year, the current year which is going up, which is 
65-70,000 Tonnes is what they require and back-to-back, I've already got an inquiry for the 5MW 
turbine as well. But we are saying, just take off some volumes, So, I don't see any big challenge. 10,000 
should be fairly easily taken by Envision. If you do well, they have an expectation of at least 20-30 
thousand kind of the take off. But unless we don't understand the customer, he constantly take off, 
we don't want to allocate significant capacity today, but we'll do it, this subject gradually. This is also 
taking us to the second lead. One is the US market improving, second is this Envision Things. I hope 
today or tomorrow, it has to fall in line. There is no second thought about it. So, then this becomes a 
good starting front over the next greenfield project, actually, no. 
Ricken Gopani:  But some people got it, sir. Thank you so much for your answers. Thank you. 
V Srinivasa Reddy Thanks, Ricken. I think… I don't see any further hands up. I once again thank all of 
you. 
Thank you for joining us and understanding our situation. Otherwise, just I want to put one simple 
concluding remark. Fundamentally, nothing has changed. I do know there is an expectation has to 
happen on q-o-q and other things. But there are certain things, we are going through the 
transformation period, the three aspects which we spoke, we are going on the first part, the product 
development part, we have done it very successfully. The second part, expansion, yes, there is a delay 
by 3 months. That is a thing which is beyond our control. Under the revenue, I think it's a temporary 
thing. There is no reason why results should be lagging. So, this was only, I will tell and conclude with 
this. Thank you all again, once again. Thanks a lot. 
 
