 
 
Date: February 4, 2026 
 
To,  
BSE Limited  
Listing Dept. / Dept. of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001.  
Security Code: 544176  
Security ID : AADHARHFC
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. 
C/1, G. Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051  
 
Symbol: AADHARHFC 
 
 
Kind Attn.: Listing Corporate Relationship Department 
 
Sub:- Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended December 31, 2025. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and with reference to our prior intimation dated January 20, 2026 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the financial performance of the 
Company for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 held on Friday, January 30, 2026. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at: 
 
https://aadharhousing.com/disclosures-under-regulation-62-of-the-sebi-lodr-regulation-2015-
pdf/schedule-of-analysts-or-institutional-investors-meet-and-presentations-made-by-the-listed-entity-to-
analysts-or-institutional-investors  
 
The above is for your information, records and dissemination please. 
 
Thanking you. 
For Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
                                                         
Harshada Pathak 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS: 19534 
Encl.: As above 
 
CC:- Debenture Trustees- 
1. Catalyst Trusteeship Limited 
2. Beacon Trusteeship Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
HARSHADA 
SHASHANK 
PATHAK
Digitally signed by 
HARSHADA 
SHASHANK PATHAK 
Date: 2026.02.04 
15:27:22 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
“Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
3Q FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 30, 2026 
 
   
 
 
  
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEO SHANKAR TRIPATHI – EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN – AADHAR HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. RISHI ANAND – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – AADHAR HOUSING FINANCE 
LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH VISWANATHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – AADHAR HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY MOOLCHANDANI – HEAD, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – AADHAR HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RENISH BHUVA – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Aadhar Housing Finance 3Q FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Aadhar Housing Q3 FY '26 Earnings Call. 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to thank Aadhar management team for giving us the 
opportunity to host this call. Today, we have with us the entire top management team of Aadhar 
represented by Mr. Deo Shankar Tripathi, Executive Vice Chairman; Mr. Rishi Anand, MD and 
CEO; Mr. Rajesh Viswanathan, CFO; Mr. Sanjay Moolchandani, Head, Investor Relations. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Rishi sir for his opening remarks, and then we'll open the 
floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Rishi Anand: 
Thank you very much, Renish, and very a good evening to you all. Thank you for joining us this 
late evening to discuss Aadhar Housing Finance performance for third quarter and 9 months 
ended December 31, 2025. I would like to begin by wishing all of you a very Happy and 
Prosperous New Year. 
 
The third quarter has been significant for the Indian housing finance sector with RBI reducing 
policy repo rate by additional 25 bps in December, bringing it down to 5.25%. This marks a 
cumulative easing of 125 basis points in 2025, which has significantly pushed home buying 
affordability, particularly in the affordable and mid-segments where customers are more 
sensitive to EMI movements. 
 
Furthermore, we are seeing a tangible benefit out of GST 2.0 framework. The reduction in GST 
on construction inputs like cement and brick is lowering the cost for developers and improving 
project viability. The combination of lower borrowing costs and resilient buyer sentiment 
positions the housing finance market on a strong footing for 2026. 
 
Overall, the combination of supportive policy measures, increasing borrowing costs and 
sustained end user demand provides a constructive backdrop for affordable housing finance 
sector. Moving to Aadhar's performance for the quarter. I am happy to share that we continue to 
deliver healthy growth while maintaining strong portfolio quality. 
 
As of 31st December 2025, our AUM stood at INR28,790 crores, registering a 20% year-on-
year growth. Disbursement for 9 months FY '26 stood at INR6,469 crores with a 15% Y-o-Y 
increase and PAT stood at INR797 crores, registering a growth of 20%, reflecting steady lending 
momentum across our core segments.  
These numbers reinforces our confidence on the historical guidance that we have given during 
the last 3 quarters and further boosts our confidence as we enter quarter 4. Our portfolio remains 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
entirely secured with home loans and loan against property continuing to be well balanced within 
the book. Asset quality remains well contained. 
 
Gross NPA stood at 1.38%, a sequential improvement of 4 bps versus last quarter. Collection 
efficiency remained upward of 99% during the third quarter. Importantly, early bucket 
delinquencies remained stable and Stage 2 asset continues to show improvement by 20 bps 
compared to the last quarter. 
 
1 plus DPD also reflects an improvement of 30 bps on a sequential basis, reflecting the 
effectiveness of our underwriting discipline and field-level collection process. Our average ticket 
size stands at INR10.7 lakhs with 60% loan-to-value ratio, reinforcing the resilience of our 
portfolio. The salaried segment continues to be at 55% of AUM, aligning with our focus on 
borrowers with stable and predictable income profiles. 
 
Balance transfer outflows during the 9 months FY '26 stood at a comfortable position of 5.6% 
annualized, a 50 bps improvement on a Y-o-Y basis, which was supported by focused retention 
efforts and data-driven customer engagement. 
 
During the third quarter, we continued to expand our physical presence in a calibrated manner. 
We added 10 new branches, taking our total network to 621 branches across 22 states and 552 
districts, serving over 3.2 lakh live customers.  
Our geographic diversification remains strong with no single state contributing 
disproportionately to the AUM, which is not greater than 15%. Technology continues to be a 
key enabler of scale and efficiency. Our TCS-enabled core system and data analytics framework 
are reducing turnaround times, strengthening governance and improving customer experience 
across loan life cycle. 
 
We continue to leverage analytics and machine learning tools to sharpen credit assessment, 
monitor early warning signals and support scalable growth. The Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, 
PMAY 2.0 scheme continues to play a supportive role in driving demand across low income and 
affordable segment.  
Aadhar continues to lead from the front on this very important initiative of the Government of 
India, spearheaded by National Housing Bank. 10,000-plus customers have already received 
first tranches of their interest subsidy under this renewed program. The availability of interest 
subsidy under the PMAY 2.0 has improved affordability for the first-time homebuyers, 
particularly in the EWS LIG segment. 
 
We expect the scheme to gain further traction as customer awareness improves, supporting 
disbursement growth in the affordable segment. Looking ahead, we remain strongly optimistic 
about the operating environment over the coming quarter. 
 
With strong fundamentals, our diversified branch network and continued policy support for the 
affordable segment, we remain confident of sustaining our growth trajectory and meeting our 
guidance for FY '26 and in the medium term. We are driving a key milestone of crossing 
INR30,000 crores AUM by the end of this financial year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Aadhar remains steadfast in this mission to enable homeownership for low-income families 
while delivering consistent and sustainable returns for our stakeholders. Before I hand over to 
Rajesh, our CFO, to take you through the financial performance, I would like to reinforce that 
we have a positive outlook for quarter 4 FY '26 and are very confident of meeting our medium-
term growth guidance on AUM, asset quality and all profitability metrics. Over to you, Rajesh. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Thanks, Rishi. Good evening, everyone. I would like to take you through some of the financial 
data. Some of these have already been covered by Rishi, but I would like to reiterate some of 
these numbers. 
 
In quarter 3 FY '26, our AUM has grown by 20% on a Y-on-Y basis. Our overall borrowings as 
at 31st December 2025 stood at INR17,500 crores compared to INR15,100 crores on 31st 
December '24, which is a growth of 16% on a Y-on-Y basis. The borrowing mix at the end of 
31st December '25 is 50% from banks, NHB share is 22%, NCD share is 21% and ECBs and 
others make up the balance of 7%. 
 
Our incremental borrowing cost for quarter 3 FY '26 stood at 7.5% and was 7.9% for the 9 
months ended FY '26. We have 41 borrowing relationships. In quarter 3, our NHB borrowings 
were INR299 crores, which came in at 6.6%. And for the 9-month period, the NHB borrowing 
was around INR600 crores, which came in at a 7.4% cost. The exit cost of funds as at 31st 
December 2025 stood at 7.74%. 
 
In terms of fixed and floating nature of the book, we run a very disciplined fixed and floating 
nature, 74% of our borrowing and assets, both are on floating basis. Undrawn sanctions as at 
31st December '25 is INR2,400 crores, of which we have around INR950 crores, which is still 
drawable from NHB.  
Liquidity at the end of quarter 3 FY '26 stood at INR1,435 crores. This is balance sheet liquidity. 
Portfolio yield exit is 13.71% at the end of quarter 3 FY '26, and I'm repeating the exit cost of 
funds was 7.74%. The exit spread hence stood at 5.97% as compared to 5.93% at the end of 
quarter 2. 
 
Our cost-to-income ratio for 9 months FY '26 stood at 35.4% as compared to 35.9% in 9 months 
FY '25, an improvement of approximately 50 bps on a Y-o-Y basis. This is in line with our 
guidance where we had stated that we would like to drop our cost to income by around 50 bps 
for the current financial year. 
 
GNPA, as Rishi has said, has come in at 31st December '25 at 1.38% as compared to 1.36% in 
quarter 3 FY '24 and the NNPA stood at 1% versus 0.9% last time same year. Capital adequacy 
ratio stood at 43.6% for Tier 1 and 0.5% for Tier 2. For 9 months FY '26, the PAT without the 
impact of the new Labor Code was INR797 crores compared to INR667 crores in 9 months FY 
'25, rendering a growth of 20% Y-o-Y.  
PAT stood at INR294 crores for quarter 3 FY '26, again, without the impact of the new Labor 
Code compared to INR239 crores in quarter 3 FY '25, resulting in a growth of 23%. ROA and 
ROE were 4.4% and 15.6%, respectively. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
The 15.6% is also impacted also because of the capital raise of INR1,000 crores that we had 
done in last May. For quarter 3, the ROA and ROE were 4.6% and 16.5% as compared to 4.4% 
and 15.8% in quarter 3 FY '25. Impact of the past service cost due to implementation of the new 
Labor Code is INR16 crores. 
 
And in line with the ICAI guidelines, we have shown this as an exceptional item. The number 
of employees as at 31st December '25 on rolls were 5,200 employees and off-rolls were around 
3,800 employees. We are focusing on maintaining a healthy book and delivering a consistent 
performance across all metrics, whether it's AUM growth, cost to income, performance of our 
portfolio as well as profitability metrics.  
With that, we can open up for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Abhishek Kumar Jain from AlfAccurate. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Congrats for strong set of numbers. Sir, you have delivered very strong growth in the 
disbursement ahead of your peers. So just wanted to understand what gives you confidence in 
sustaining it in the fourth quarter and FY '27, where most of the peers are struggling on the 
parameter? 
Rishi Anand: 
Thank you, Abhishek, for the question, and thanks for your message and congratulations. What 
gives us confidence is, see, I will not be able to talk about what others are doing. But the way I 
look at my current numbers, even for January, they are upward of what we delivered in 
December. So with the current pace of numbers, I foresee that the quarter 4 is completely 
protected and the guidance numbers that we've been giving is completely protected. 
 
As we enter 2026, obviously, we'll bring on table, our core competence has always been the 
branch network, which we are very confident of, and we are expanding branch network, as I 
indicated even in the last call, we will keep adding about 40 to 50 branches year-on-year basis 
even as we go ahead in the next financial year. So a combination of multiple things gives us that 
confidence that we will be able to deliver our commitments. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
So can we expect that 20% kind of the disbursement growth in the next quarter onwards? 
Rishi Anand: 
You're talking for the next financial year? 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Yes. Yes, sir. 
Rishi Anand: 
So let us look at the current financial year right now. Current financial year AUM, which should 
be upward of 20%, disbursement will be upward of close to about 16% to 17%. Similarly, the 
similar trends, we would want to maintain next year, and that's where the confidence comes 
from. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Okay, sir. And my next question is Stage 2 assets, where we have seen very good improvement. 
Was Q3 improvement broad-based or driven by specific geographies like Surat and Tamil Nadu? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
I think it's answering your question about Stage 2 improvement, it is pretty broad-based. we 
wouldn't be able to specifically link it to any particular geography. Honestly, just pre-empting a 
question on this one, we are not seeing any specific geographies behaving very badly or very 
superbly in the sense that whatever has been our performance of our portfolio for the last 3, 4 
quarters is sort of showing itself up in this quarter also. 
 
So neither has there been any drastic improvement or drastic deterioration. However, we are 
very happy with the way our Stage 2 has been consistently dropping by 20 bps consistently for 
the last 2 quarters, which we believe is a good sign for maintaining the overall health of the 
portfolio and for stopping slippages into Stage 3, which is a 90-plus portfolio. 
Rishi Anand: 
Yes. If I can add to that, Rajesh. Abhishek, you had a very specific point pointing out a city state 
called Tamil Nadu. So Tamil Nadu, I can understand where the question is coming from. For us, 
Tamil Nadu, we've seen, I would say, substantial improvement on delinquency trends, which is 
1 plus and 90 plus. And if I can give a number, Tamil Nadu has shown 20% to 25% growth on 
disbursement and AUM. So for us, Tamil Nadu has been a good location. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Okay, sir. And my last question on the PMAY 2.0 incentives. So can you give us a few updates 
on the approval time line, disbursement linkage? And in the upcoming budget, are there any 
additional policy meters or incentives housing finance company is outing for or expecting, sir? 
Rishi Anand: 
So one is PMAY update I gave in my speech, and I told that we are a company which is leading 
from the front. We are the highest subsidy takers today for our customers, 10,000-plus customers 
have already availed the subsidy. Actually, the traction of PMAY 2.0 has happened in the last, I 
would say, 1.5 quarters. The total process starts only when we disburse the loan. 
 
And the TAT of which is there through NHB, the nodal office, where the subsidy comes from 
is anywhere between 2 to 3 working days. So it's not too much of a turnaround time. As regards 
expectation from the budget, I think the previous budget has already put a lot of things on the 
table. 
 
We, as an industry, will have to first deliver on those, for example, PMAY, GST, overall funds 
for stalled projects, etcetera. What we anticipate this time is may be a redefinition of the word 
affordable in terms of ticket size. That might just come in. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arun from JM Financial. 
Arun: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Just a couple of questions. One, credit costs for 
the quarter have slightly inched up despite the overall Stage 3 PCR coming down. So against 
this backdrop, what would be your guidance for credit cost for the full year FY '26? Does it 
change? And also, where do you see your GNPA level settling by the end of the year? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
So basically, credit cost, if you look at quarter 3 FY '26 is 0.28%. As you would be tracking the 
industry, what happens in quarter 4 is we typically see an improvement in the overall NPA 
numbers. I'm just going into a second question, which we are currently at about 1.38%. And we 
basically believe that we may end in a trend line of 1.1% to 1.15%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
So if you look at that, typically, the credit cost in the last quarter will be very minimal or 
sometimes could surprise us with a negative credit cost also. So typically, to that extent, you can 
assume that whatever credit cost on a YTD basis is there is going to grow very less. And hence, 
this gives us confidence that our credit cost number for the entire year will be within the 25 bps 
as we had suggested earlier and the guidance that we had given earlier. 
 
And that still remains our medium-term guidance when it comes to credit costs, along with our 
AUM guidance in the range of about 20%, 21%, we are confident that we should be maintaining 
year-end AUM . Year-end NPA numbers will be in the range of 1.1% to 1.15% and credit cost 
in the range of about 25 - 26 bps. In the medium term, I think we are confident of that. Second 
question, specific answer, we should be ending the year at NPA levels of between 1.10% and 
1.15% on AUM. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chintan Shah from ICICI Securities Limited. 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. Congratulations on the quarter. Firstly, in terms of the disbursement, the disbursement 
growth has been quite robust, 14% sequentially. So any specific state which has led to some 
disbursement? And so given that we think the peers we have seen many peers have been 
struggling on that front. So what is leading to this disbursement?  
And secondly, on this disbursement, so this is also coming without any compression on the 
margins front. So going ahead also, do we expect this disbursement trend to continue along with 
stable margins? Yes, that's the first question. 
Rishi Anand: 
Chintan, while you're asking the question, I'm struggling because all the states have contributed 
almost equally. So I don't want to pick up any particular state which has given me higher growth 
or lower growth. Everybody has contributed, barring one state, which I can point out, Punjab, 
which is still struggling from coming out of the flood situation because it takes a little time. Rest 
all the states have equally contributed. So as regards to margin, are we confident of maintaining 
those margins as we go ahead in quarter 4 and end the year? Yes, we are very confident, Chintan. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure, sure. So basically, I think there were some states like Tirupur, Coimbatore, Chennai, which 
were probably impacted, not for us, but for the industry overall. So that -- those sales are also 
not leading to any -- those sales are also growing at a decent pace. I think you already mentioned, 
but just wanted to get some... 
Rishi Anand: 
No. So Chintan, you're talking about specific cities, which I think I only called out in the last 
call with regards to the tariff impact, if that is the question. Yes, I remember calling out textile 
and gems in these 4 cities would get impacted. But I am also equally surprised looking at our 
numbers. 
 
One is -- one thing I want to highlight is on an AUM level, these cities don't contribute very 
large. They are all sub-1% for me. But the good part here is, if I look at the last 2 -3 quarters 
movement, both on 1 plus and on NPAs, all these states have performed very good. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
And if I can just indicatively give you one example, 1 plus drop of about 3% has happened in 
Tirupur and NPA drop of 0.7% has happened in Tirupur. And similar is the trend in Surat, 
Chennai and Coimbatore. So overall, a very comfortable zone to be in. 
Chintan Shah: 
That's very pleasant to hear. And sir, I think on the BT out, if you could just share the number, I 
think that was 5.4% for H1. So how has the BT out been in this quarter? 
Rishi Anand: 
Yes. So we are in a similar trend, Chintan. 5.6% is what we have recorded, which is a drop from 
a 6.1% Y-o-Y basis. So from a 6.1%, we have come to 5.6%, which is definitely an 
improvement. And obviously, the credit goes to the retention team and the data analytics team. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure. So there is no competition as such coming from the larger players, which is likely to also 
impact this BT. 
Rishi Anand: 
I will not say there is no competition. I would want to say that the teams here are doing a better 
job, if that helps. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prithviraj Patil from Investec. 
Prithviraj Patil: 
I just wanted to the 1 plus DPD number for the quarter and our plans to expand into other 
geographies and the branch expansion? Just give some details on there. 
Rishi Anand: 
Prithvi, thank you for the question. I'll take the second question first. In terms of plan for 
expansion into new geographies, I would say that we are available in all the possible geographies 
of the country. We are available in 22 states. So there is no more state that is getting added. 
 
But we will keep adding 40 to 50 branches year-on-year basis in the states that we are present. 
If you recall, last time I spoke about our deeper impact strategy, the strategy continues, 30 
branches of ours will keep coming in the lower category, which is deeper impact and the balance 
20 will keep coming in the urban and emerging A locations. So we'll keep expanding our network 
in the geographies that we are present. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
And on the 1 plus number, the 1 plus number as at December end is 6.86%, which is a 31 bps 
improvement on a sequential basis. It was 7.17% as at end of September '25. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siraj Khan from Ascendancy Capital. 
Siraj Khan: 
Firstly, I wanted to know, I mean, the numbers that I'm seeing in the PPT, the Y-o-Y growth in 
the NHL disbursement is 25% and the HL is only 11%. So I mean, are we focusing more on 
NHL? Or is there like a rollover effect happening? Because 11% growth in the HL disbursement 
seems a bit low. So are we seeing a little bit of like going slow for any specific reason or this is 
by rollover of any disbursements in the coming quarter? 
Rishi Anand: 
Thank you, Siraj, for the question. In fact, if you look at our quarter-on-quarter performance, 
our home loan has grown by about 14%, 14.5% and non-housing has grown by 9%. So it's the 
other way around. And it's an impact of the refocus that we did post the tariff issues, etc. Slight 
refocus has been done, and this is interim. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
So will I go back and start doing a little more of NHL as we go ahead? Yes, we will. But for the 
time being, we kind of, I would say, kind of cautioned our teams, and that's how the output is. 
Home loan is again, I'll give the numbers. Home loan has grown at 14% on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis and non-housing has grown at 9% on a Y-o-Y 9-month basis, home loan has grown by 
11.5% and non-housing by about 24%. 
Siraj Khan: 
Correct. Correct. So I was referring to that. I was referring to that itself because in the PPT, the 
9 months to 9-month comparison, it is 4.5%. So this is by design that we are... 
Rishi Anand: 
Yes. Completely by design, 70-30 is the number that the regulator allows us to do, and that's 
where we want to be. We don't want to breach that point. So at any given point in time on an 
AUM basis, we are today at about 27%, if I'm not mistaken, Sanjay can correct me, 27% NHL. 
We still have some room. So we're going to be maintaining a 30% bracket on that. 
Siraj Khan: 
This is not a reflection of anything with respect to a slowdown in the demand in the affordable 
segment or anything, just to understand. 
Rishi Anand: 
Not at all. 
Siraj Khan: 
Okay. So now because we are going slightly higher on the NHL side and just to confirm, we 
have not taken any PLR cuts and with respect to an outlook on that because we have held the 
yields at a good place for the last 4, 5 quarters, 125 basis that you have mentioned and it 
happened. On the ground, we are seeing that there is a lot of competition. So overall yields on 
onboarding must be lower. Where does the yield trajectory go? And what is the time line that 
you see with respect to the PLR cut? And how much would be done? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
So as we had explained in the past 2 calls, in the case of downward trajectory of interest rates, 
we are also morally and regulatory required to pass on the interest rate benefit to our customers 
who are on a floating rate basis. And as you would know, we have 75% of our book is broadly 
on a floating rate basis. In today's ALCO, the ALCO has decided to drop our rates by 15 bps 
from February 2026.  
It could be applied between 10th and 15th of February 2026, a 15 bps drop, which will be 
impacting 75% or benefiting 75% of the customers. So technically, the pass-through will be to 
the range of approximately 12 bps, which will happen from February. And as has been our basis, 
what will happen is the last 3 months of business will be we'll get this benefit over the next 3 
months. 
 
For example, January business will get the benefit in May. December business will get the 
benefit in April and the last we will get in the month of March. So basically, that's the way we 
have taken on the way up. On the way down, we will be doing it in this way. We believe on the 
cost of funds basis, we are currently at 7.74%. Maybe as we enter quarter 4, we may have a 2, 3 
bps improvement in our cost of funds. 
 
Beyond that, I don't think because we have already, to a great extent, maxed out on the pass-
through. If the banks have decided to pass through more MCLR cuts, probably we may be 
benefited. But otherwise, we broadly believe that another 3, 4 bps may come through. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
So anyhow, I think as we end the year, we may end in a range of approximately 5.8% spread, 
which importantly is about 10 to 11 bps better than the exit spread as at March 31, 2025. So 
typically, for the whole year, we have protected and the exit spread that we would have in March 
is projected to be at least 10 to 11 bps better than when we entered the current financial year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Maulik Chaudhari from Monarch Networth Capital Limited. 
Maulik Chaudhari: 
Am I audible? 
Rishi Anand: 
Yes, very much, Maulik. Yes. 
Maulik Chaudhari: 
Yes. Congrats on the good results. So I just have one question. Just wanted to get your 
perspective on the competition. Like there is a broader narrative that the competition is rising. 
So I just wanted to know your take on this. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
So Maulik, when we talk about competition, it's a broad-based. We will have to look at various 
segments. For example, there is competition in the prime segment, and there is affordable 
segment and then there is low-income segment. And we operate in the low-income segment. 
And low-income segment is typically those companies which operate in average ticket size 
below INR15 lakhs that's where we operate. 
 
Are we seeing any big traction here? I would defer and I would say no, we are not seeing any 
big traction here. is there competition in the affordable space? Today, the affordable definition 
goes up to loans up to private sector definition goes up to INR50 lakh of loans. So yes, there is 
some traction happening there, and there will always be a 5%, 7% overlap. In the low-income 
space that we operate, we are not seeing big traction. 
 
Point number two here is to be noted is that we keep talking about 620 branches. Out of the 620-
odd branches, about 150 branches happen to be in the urban locations for us. And rest 450-plus 
branches happen to be the emerging locations. So as we go down into deeper impact locations 
and emerging locations, the competitive intensity definitely goes down. So that's how we will 
have to look at it. So basically, when I say no traction means competition is less. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siraj Khan from Ascendancy Capital. 
Siraj Khan: 
Sir, you were mentioning that the MCLRs the total book, not the bank of the total book, how 
much is MCLR linked? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Total banks is about 50% and of the banks, approximately 23% is MCLR linked. 
Siraj Khan: 
Okay. 23% is MCLR. So approximately 12% is... 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Siraj, one sec, I'll just get the number. Just hold on for one second. 
Siraj Khan: 
Not a problem. I'll move on to the next question. So with respect to the... 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Siraj, I got the number. 67% of bank borrowings is MCLR-linked. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Siraj Khan: 
So almost 30% of the total. Okay. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Yes. 
Siraj Khan: 
So on the asset quality, I mean, we are holding up quite good. And as you said that in some of 
the states that you had earlier called out with respect the tariff could become an issue, but it is 
positively surprising us. 
 
So with respect to the acceleration for growth, you are saying that at 20% is what you are 
aspiring. But say, what would be the conditions with respect to some of the states, say, MP or 
Tamil Nadu or some of the other states where you see there is good growth how much can the 
growth accelerate to?  
I mean, given that you are already going to cross the INR30,000 crores mark, what is on the 
upside that you see that growth could go to? And will the asset quality remain sustainable in that 
range because you might see a few other delinquencies coming here and there. 
Rishi Anand: 
Okay. Siraj, the way we look at our businesses, since we are in 22 states, there will be certain 
states will give us higher double-digit growth. There will be certain states which will give us 
lower double-digit growth. There will be certain states, and I can call out states whenever you 
want. There will be certain states where I, as an organization, don't want to grow beyond single 
digit. and there are multiple reasons around it. So it is a combination. 
 
Since you called out Madhya Pradesh, the way we look at Madhya Pradesh, it should give me a 
Y-o-Y growth upward of 25%. Similarly, Maharashtra will give you close to about 25%, 30%. 
So that's how the dynamic works. There will be states where, for example, where I have low 
legal support, I might want to grow only single digit because I still have presence there.  
So it's a combination of multiple things. But overall, as we indicated multiple times on this call, 
we are very comfortable with a 20% AUM growth in the current financial year and as we enter 
the next financial year. 
Siraj Khan: 
A quick statistic. So what is your funnel with respect to the login to sanction and sanction to 
disbursement? 
Rishi Anand: 
See, our current log-in to sanction ratio would stand anywhere between 65% to 66% and our 
log-in to disbursement would range at about 39% to 40% today. 
Siraj Khan: 
This is on count, I believe? 
Rishi Anand: 
That's on volumes. Count is more or less similar, 1% here and there. So count is more or less 
similar. 
Siraj Khan: 
Understood. Understood. And because why I'm asking this is because as you say that you try to 
maintain 20%, 21% growth sustainably over the next -- over the medium term, 2 to 3 years, 20% 
growth breakdown will be what? I mean how much of it would be ATS led? How much of it 
would be, say, branch expansion or something. So how much will be this -- what will be the 
breakdown for this 20% or whatever you... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Yes. I think broadly to look at it is 5% to 6% will be typically linked to inflation. And broadly, 
the balance would be a combination of productivity improvements, which will happen with our 
existing mature branches and 5% to 6% will be the incremental business, which the branches set 
up in the last 18 months, which start providing in the next financial year. So that's a broad way 
of looking at 6% productivity gains, 6% inflation related and 6% impact of new branches 
providing more. 
Rishi Anand: 
If I can add to that, Siraj, the branches that I will add next year will not give me traction for next 
year, they will give me a year after that. So that's how the model works. So for example, the 
branches, 40-odd 40, 50 branches that I would have said this year will start giving you numbers 
next year. So that's the combination of the 3 things. 
Siraj Khan: 
General gestation period is, what, 15 to 18 months, I believe? 
Rishi Anand: 
Depends on the size of the branch. We have 4, 5 categories of branches, starts with sales office 
goes up to large setups. So anywhere between 12 to 18 months, depending on the type of branch 
is where it breaks even. 
Siraj Khan: 
With your experience to say, if you set up a sales office, in, say, 18 months' time, it would reach 
up to, say, the middle level, say, the small branch. 
Rishi Anand: 
Yes. I'll tell you the way we look at it, if I set up a sales office within 9 months, exactly 9 months, 
it should break even. And after that, it should all be adding to the bottom line. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
What Rishi was alluding to, sales office is the lowest branch category of. That will take 9 months. 
And the highest branch, which will be a city branch and an urban branch may take anywhere 
between 15 to 18 months because obviously, the target for him is also higher compared to a sales 
office. 
Moderator: 
the next question is from the line of Sonal from Asian Market Securities. 
Sonal: 
Congrats on the quarter. So I have 3, 4 questions. One is on the co-lending part. So if I look at 
the numbers, co-lending seems to be a little low this quarter. So if you could just give us some 
guidance on how do you see co-lending fees moving from here on? Any targets that you have 
on the disbursements or on the AUM from the co-lending? 
 
Second is if you could just let us know what are the incremental deals for the quarter? And also 
if you could give us some sense on how your non-home loan book is behaving because you 
slowed down on disbursement. So any signs that you're seeing of stress over there? Or is it more 
precautionary where you've decided to go slow? Some trend, how is it currently in terms of 
delinquencies and how it was like a year back? 
 
And the fourth one is on the attrition rate. If you could just let us know how the attrition rates 
are and whether it has improved or you're seeing some increase in attrition currently. These are 
my 4 questions. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Yes. So if we remember the 4 questions, we will answer. We have forgotten the second question. 
But the co-lending that we did, co-lending is a small piece for us. We did only INR26 crores of 
co-lending in the current quarter. Previous quarter was approximately INR97 crores. So co-
lending is a smaller piece. 
 
For us, we did direct assignment of approximately INR440 crores in the current quarter. And if 
you look at it, the way we are looking at co-lending and assignment combination this year is that 
we have tempered the proportion of co-lending and assignment. And if you look at the growth 
in the P&L, which is a line item of initial recognition of income, that has grown only by 11%, 
whereas my AUM has grown by 20%. 
 
Another point, which I think all of you analysts do understand is what you see on the face of the 
P&L is only the initial recognition we do on new assignment that we do. Of the assignments that 
we have done in the past, there is also an unwinding of upfront profit. So the net impact for the 
9-month period is to the total of approximately INR22 crores to INR23 crores, which is a net 
impact on the 9 months profit. So I think from that perspective, this is a very important number. 
 
So on the full 9-month PAT, the impact on the 9-month PAT of the overall securitization and 
co-lending is only to a net extent of INR28 crores. So on the total profit for the 9-month period, 
only a net income of INR28 crores has come from co-lending, net of what has been unwound 
out of previous year's co-lending that we did. Third question was on non-home loans and are 
you seeing the performance and behavior of non-home loan portfolio? 
Rishi Anand: 
Okay. So on non-home loan, let me give you a few numbers. One is on an overall basis, Y-o-Y, 
home loan has grown close to about 18%, non-home loan close to about 25%. In terms of NPA, 
there is a differential of about 65 to 70 bps. But incrementally, you should also look at in 
correlation with the yields, risk-adjusted yields are upward of 300 bps. So that's how we look at 
NHL versus HL. What was the next question? Sorry. Sonal, if you want... 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Employee attrition. 
Rishi Anand: 
Employee attrition. So employee attrition at the company level, if I remove regret attrition is 
about close to about 22%. 
Sonal: 
What was this number a year back? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Year back number... 
Rishi Anand: 
I'll come back to you, Sonal, on this. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Yes. We'll have to get back on that. Sorry about that. 
Sonal: 
Sir, my question -- no worries. On non-home loans, sir, basically, I just wanted to understand 
how is the book behaving? I mean is it similar or is it improving or -- because you've kind of 
tightened the credit filters over there. So generally, what we hear commentary from others is 
they are seeing some stress over there. I just wanted to know. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
No, no. So if I were to talk of behavior in the last, let's say, 4 or 5 quarters since the time we've 
also gone ahead and given a caution remark to our teams, the behavior has, in fact, better by 
about 20 bps. 
Sonal: 
Got it. And sir, incremental for the quarter? 
Rishi Anand: 
Incremental yield of the quarter... 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
13.1%. 
Rishi Anand: 
For the quarter, it's 13.1%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siraj Khan from Ascendancy Capital. 
Siraj Khan: 
Is there any material change in the repayment behavior, not the BT out, the prepayment, 
repayment behavior? I mean one of our peers was alluding that they are seeing elevated 
repayments, prepayments in their book. 
 
So basically, it's a good thing if we are also seeing that because that means our book is strong. 
But are we seeing normal repayment behavior or people are coming to you with cash and trying 
to repay and prepay at a much faster rate than we have generally seen? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
No, I think, Siraj, thanks for the question. I think if you take the overall AUM runoff for the 9 
months FY '25 was 17.5%. And if you look at 9 months FY '26, it only 16.8%. So on an overall 
basis, our runoff of our opening AUM is lower. Obviously, it was aided by a combination of 2 
factors. 
 
One is the lower BT out, which has happened. Second, more importantly, the specific question 
of repayment behavior triggered by the customer, we are not seeing any material differentiation 
between the 2 periods of the customer coming and doing either a part prepayment or a full 
foreclosure of the loans. It is behaving quite similar to the trend that we had in the last financial 
year. 
 
We are very happy with the runoff of our portfolio. In fact, if you remember, we have always 
been saying that the runoff of the portfolio will be in the range of about 17% to 18%. And we 
have ended FY '26, 9 months, that is December '25, we have ended at a runoff of about 16.8% 
on the opening AUM, which we believe is a very robust number, which helps into maintaining 
our overall AUM. 
Siraj Khan: 
And on the BT, how much of -- so the BT that we have saved it. But what was the BT out request 
for? I mean was it purely for the rate? Or what was the composition for the request? People are 
asking going to BT out for more top-ups, more rate? 
 
What was it? And how much of it was retained? So like we got 100 requests for BT, how much 
were retained? And what was the composition of the 100 request? 
Rishi Anand: 
So Siraj, if I can take that question. See, BT request is very hard to say. Sometimes it's a 
combination of request for rate and top-up. Sometimes it is only top-up, sometimes it is only 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
rate. We, as an organization, we generally avoid doing top-ups in -- until about 18 months of 
disbursement of the loan because we don't want to reevaluate the property. 
 
So that's where if the customer still wants to revaluate the property and go, we would allow him 
to go. But it's a combination of multiple things. Sometimes it just comes for rate and the moment 
you say, okay, fair, I can still look at this rate, he would say, give me some top-up also. So it's a 
combination, very difficult to point out. But approximately, I would say, 25% to 30% would 
come for rate requirements. 
Siraj Khan: 
Okay. And so what was the number of requests, if you can give or you could give me like a 
percentage of how many requests that had come for BT, how much did you retain? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Apologies, Siraj, I am not having that number ready with me, but I will in Sanjay give that 
number to you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Thank you. Thank you, friends, for joining our call on a Friday evening. I hope we have been 
able to answer all your questions. Again, as we would reiterate, we believe as management, we 
have delivered consistently not only this quarter, but the full financial year and whether on our 
guidance that we had set out at the start of the year in terms of AUM growth, disbursement, 
profitability, cost to income, I think both for the 3-month period as well as for 9 months period, 
we have achieved that. 
 
And as Rishi has alluded during the call, we are quite confident of achieving that both in quarter 
4 and the near-term future. So we look really forward for the closure of quarter 4 and as we get 
into FY '27. And we will be happy to take any further questions if anyone has, they can get in 
touch with our Investor Relations team and happy to take those questions. 
And as one of the questioners said, we would also like to see a good budget and budget, which 
supports the low income and affordable housing industry. With that words, I think we can get 
the call to the end. Thank you from the management side. 
Rishi Anand: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
