www.ideaforgetech.com
ideaForge Technology Limited.
EL-146, T.T.C. Industrial Area, M.I.D.C. Mahape, Navi Mumbai - 400 710. Maharashtra
(India).
Ph.(O): +91 (22) 6787 1000 (F) +91 (22) 6787 1007
Email: info@ideaforgetech.com CIN No. L31401MH2007PLC167669
January 29, 2026
To,
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001.
BSE Scrip Code: 543932
To,
The National Stock Exchange of India
Limited “Exchange Plaza”, Bandra – Kurla
Complex, Bandra (EAST), Mumbai – 400 051
NSE SYMBOL: IDEAFORGE
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 of ideaForge Technology
Limited (“the Company”).
Dear Sir/Ma’am,
This is further to our letter dated January 23, 2026, whereby the Company had submitted the link to
the audio recording of the Earnings Call hosted by the Company on Friday, January 23, 2026 at
11.00 a.m. (IST) post announcement of Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) for
the quarter ended December 31, 2025.
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the
transcript of the Earnings call held on Friday, January 23, 2026. The Transcript is also available on
Company’s website at below link:
Link: https://ideaforgetech.com/uploads/Other/MUFG-ideaForge-Jan23-2026Clean.pdf
Kindly take the same on your records.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully
For ideaForge Technology Limited
Nilesh Ranjan Jaywant
Company Secretary
Membership No. A26554
Encl: as above
NILESH RANJAN 
JAYWANT
Digitally signed by NILESH 
RANJAN JAYWANT 
Date: 2026.01.29 14:46:53 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 17
“ideaForge Technology Limited
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call”
January 23, 2026
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANKIT MEHTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR - IDEAFORGE TECHNOLOGY
LIMITED
MR. VIPUL JOSHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – IDEAFORGE TECHNOLOGY
LIMITED
MODERATOR:
MR. VIDHI VASA – MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE
LIMITED

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 2 of 17
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to ideaForge Technology Limited Q3 FY '26
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all the participants' lines will be in the listen-only
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing
star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Vidhi Vasa from MUFG Intime. Thank you, and over to
you, ma'am.
Vidhi Vasa:
Thank you, and good morning. On behalf of MUFG Intime, I welcome you all to ideaForge
Technology Limited Q3 and nine months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. From the
management side, we have Mr. Ankit Mehta, Chief Executive Officer and Whole Time Director;
and Mr. Vipul Joshi, Chief Financial Officer and Whole Time Director.
I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through our investor deck and press release that we
have uploaded on our exchange and company's website. A short disclaimer I would like to say
before we begin the call. This call may contain some of the forward-looking statements, which
are completely based upon our beliefs, opinion and expectations as of today. These statements
are not a guarantee of our future performance and may involve unforeseen risks and
uncertainties.
With this, now I hand over the call to Mr. Ankit Mehta. Over to you, sir.
Ankit Mehta:
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for ideaForge's quarter 3 financial year
'26 earnings conference call. Wishing you all a very happy New Year. I'm joined by our CFO,
Mr. Vipul Joshi and our Investor Relations team.
If I had to summarize this quarter in one line, then I would say that while Q3 was muted in terms
of numbers, the impending demand finally fructified into orders and has reinvigorated our focus
on delivery. And all the recent developments are a proof of the long-term potential of the
industry that keeps us looking forward to what's coming ahead. That's the lens I'll use through
this speech. What's our order book position, focus on revenue recognition and our ability to
execute, impact on margin and profitability and how are we positioning for the next cycle.
Starting with the order book. FY '26 has been a defining year for ideaForge for so far. Year-to-
date, we have added approximately INR440 crores of orders to our order book, the highest
quantum of orders in a single year in our 2-decade journey. In Q3 alone, the order inflow was
broad-based. We added more than INR102 crores through large opportunities and roughly
INR115 crores through multiple smaller orders. This matters for two reasons.
First, it shows that demand is not concentrated in just one program or one customer. Second, it
creates a healthier execution pipeline, multiple delivery milestones, multiple revenue recognition
events and more predictable conversions over the next few quarters. As of the end of the quarter,
our order book was approximately INR350 crores. And with the addition in the current month,
it stands at approximately INR368 crores. The order book is the single clearest indicator of
revenue visibility in our business.

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 3 of 17
Since the beginning of the year, when we received our first large order, we have been gearing
up to deliver on that order and have gone through the phases of securing the necessary
components and subsystems that come together to enable the production and subsequent
delivery. As we speak, we are already awaiting customer inspections of the delivery for a part
of the quantity and are in advanced stages of finishing subsequent lots, while at the same time,
executing shorter supply time orders as well.
We would also like to mention here that due to shifting geopolitical conditions and the aggressive
nature of the global posture, we are observing certain supply side constraints, and we are
working closely with our supply chain partners to navigate the dynamic challenges. However,
our readiness makes us confident of delivering around 40% to 45% of the open order book in
the present quarter and recognizing the revenue.
We are also comfortable in our ability to realize our entire order book into revenue in the
stipulated timelines based on our financial capability and working capital limits with our
banking partners. Having said that, our margin expectations on the deliveries we will make in
the quarter will be healthier than all our previous quarters this year. And thus, with both the
quantity of billing and better gross margins, we are confident of turning profitable.
As you are aware, our gross margins and overall numbers are not easily tracked quarter-on-
quarter or year-on-year for the quarter due to strong dependency on the orders executed in that
specific quarter and the vagaries of that are visible in our Q3 numbers as well. Building on what
we have been consistently emphasizing, electronic warfare resilience has shifted from a wish
list item to a baseline requirement, and that shift is now translating into real procurement
decisions.
During the quarter, we secured capital emergency procurement orders from the Indian Army
worth more than INR100 crores for our tactical class ZOLT UAV and mini UAV SWITCH.
These wins are significant because they come after rigorous evaluations, including trials in
electronically contested environments and tighter country of origin and intellectual property
checks.
ZOLT has been designed from ground up to meet these requirements. SWITCH continues to
build on its proven operational track record as a reliable hybrid vertical take-off and landing
platform. These platforms equipped with our EW resilience capability for high-threat signal-
denied operations, including strong ECCM and GNSS denied autonomy, add real capability to
the forces and not just incremental features.
And from a business perspective, as more current and upcoming programs explicitly bake in
EW and counter drone operating conditions into their requirements, the capabilities we have
built becomes a repeatable edge. It helps us qualify faster, compete stronger and pursue follow-
on and expanded orders across platforms, not just win a one-off contract.
Further, recent global conflicts have made it very clear that nations can't rely on imports alone.
They need to build indigenous defence capabilities and capacity. For India, that signal became
real during operations Sindoor. In the aftermath, our security forces have significantly

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 4 of 17
accelerated their procurement and induction of new technologies. Emergency procurement
cycle 6, including decentralized procurement at the command level, clearly demonstrated that
the forces are now focused on rapidly building both capability and scale.
On top of this, recent reports of a fresh procurement outlay of around INR20,000 crores across
ISR platforms, loitering munitions and strike drones provide a strong multiyear demand tailwind
for the domestic drone industry. With indigenously developed platforms, secure subsystems,
full stack technology and strategic partnerships with leading DPSUs, DRDO labs and private
entities to co-develop combat capabilities, ideaForge is gearing up to meet evolving
requirements by expanding beyond intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance and reinforcing
leadership in the India's drone ecosystem.
On the civil side, the Indian law enforcement and paramilitary forces have been a primary driver
for the civil demand, along with geospatial applications. Our collaboration with C-DAC to
integrate drones into India's emergency response network will unlock new use cases and
opportunities and drive the adoption of drones and FLYGHT Dock, our drone as-a-Service
offering further. We have already conducted several live proof-of-concept deployments for our
integrated capability.
What is changing in the civil and enterprise markets is that customers are increasingly looking
for outcomes, not just hardware. That is where our broader solutions approach via software
platforms like FLYGHT CLOUD matters. Over time, this can become a stabilizer alongside
defence with more repeatable deployments. And also the reports of PLI 2.0 for drones and R&D
incentives will further boost innovation and strengthen domestic research and development and
manufacturing ecosystems.
We also continue to compound our advantage through real-world operations. Our deployed
UAVs have completed more than 150,000 flights with our end users in the field during the
period up to end of December 2025 and over 850,000 flights cumulatively. That operational
experience is not a vanity metric. Every flight is data, mission profiles, environmental stresses,
user workflows, failure modes and the nuances that only show up outside a lab.
This compounds over time into better products, better software, better reliability and ultimately
higher customer trust, which shows up in a repeat usage and increased adoption of the
technology. This extensive end user experience has helped us over the years to innovate and
develop cutting-edge technologies. The strong patent portfolio of 100-plus patents is a testament
to our learning and our ability to convert learnings to our advantage.
On a proud note, ZOLT and SWITCH UAVs will be displayed at the Republic Day Parade to
demonstrate India's indigenous defence capability. It's symbolic, but it also reflects a real shift.
India is moving from importing technology to building and scaling it domestically.
Internationally, our joint venture with First Breach in the United States, currently in the
formation and execution phase is a deliberate move to build a credible on-ground operating
footprint and not just a sales presence.

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 5 of 17
The objective is to localize key elements of operations such as assembly, manufacturing,
program execution and go-to-market by leveraging First Breach's infrastructure and access to
the U.S. defence ecosystem. With tighter pathways for regulatory clearances for imported
drones and trade policy volatility, adding uncertainty to import-led supply chains, a U.S.-based
setup improves our ability to stay compliant, reduce supply risk and compete more effectively
in government and enterprise programs.
As the JV gets operationalized through approvals, setup and execution readiness, it positions us
to move faster when customer cycles convert while keeping delivery, pricing and regulatory
exposure more under our control.
To close, here's what we want you to take away. The impending demand has fructified into
orders. INR440 crores order booking year-to-date and an open order book of around INR368
crores as we speak. Revenue recognition is now the mission. We are confident in the full year's
gross margin trajectory of 50% plus for FY '26, supported by our order mix and execution of
higher-value programs in Q4.
With sufficient cash and funding capability to support working capital for deliveries, so
execution is not constrained by liquidity. Industry tailwinds like outlay of fresh procurement
worth INR20,000 crores and PLI 2.0 and R&D initiatives create positive market conditions
from both demand and supply sides. Thank you for your time and continued support. We can
now move to the Q&A.
Moderator:
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question comes from
the line of Jai Chauhan from Trinetra Asset Managers. Please go ahead.
Jai Chauhan:
Thank you for the opportunity. Yes, I just had two questions. First is, in some state-level tenders,
channel check suggests that ideaForge work with private local partners. So can you help us
understand whether these partners act as a prime bidder or as a facilitator or -- and also
specifically who bear the deposit bank guarantee and working capital in such cases?
Vipul Joshi:
Yes. So Jai, thank you for the question. Typically, if you have followed our trajectory in the last
three years since listing, we have enumerated that our overall base and approach of approaching
to our customers in multifold, one where in large tenders or otherwise the direct participation of
ideaForge as well as we have now a large partner base across the country where -- who will help
us in penetration to different opportunities as well as give us support and help in our L1 and L2
support and delivering the training programs to the end customers as and where is required.
So in tender opportunities, they also participate as our lead bidders for those opportunities and
also help in execution of those contracts.
Jai Chauhan:
Right, sir. So if they are the lead bidders, they bear working capital, right? And do they pay
upfront for the inventory? And how does that work exactly?
Vipul Joshi:
So it also depends upon contract to contract, but it is largely within 30 days payments with all
the partners.

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 6 of 17
Jai Chauhan:
Okay. And there is no advance as such, for example, if I am your partner...
Vipul Joshi:
If it's a large opportunity, which typically is part of all the EP or a fast track procurement. And
if the contract has a feature of advance from the end customer, then the same is also partly of
our arrangement with the partner.
Jai Chauhan:
Got it. And what is the proportion of your revenue today that flows through such partner-led
state contracts versus direct OEM-led contracts?
Vipul Joshi:
So we do not really track as distribution between what is the partner-led revenue and the direct
ideaForge revenue. It is blended right now.
Jai Chauhan:
Okay. Got it. And also, like could you walk us through your typical life cycle of defence state
and like I just wanted to understand whether trials preceded L1 or L1 is identified first and then
tested the capabilities listed afterwards? And also once if it's technically compliant, does the L1
bidder usually get the full order or the orders are split? And also in cases, for example, if an
ideaForge drone has some additional capabilities beyond the base specs and if you are not the
lowest bidder, how does the procurement typically play out there?
Vipul Joshi:
So in a typical tender scenario, there are multiple stages. One, starting when the tender
submission RFP is out, there is a paper evaluation on -- which is there for all the technical
specifications that have been submitted. Post that qualification criteria is when vendors are
invited for field trials. In the field evaluation trials is when people are asked to showcase their
products line item by line item as to what the RFP details are.
And anybody who is not able to qualify in those field trials is basically not part of the financial
bid opening. And L1 bidder is the last person who receives the order. Some contracts of late
have had the feature where the -- because of the nature of the contract, there can be a split of
orders. But largely, historically speaking, it has been one single person who has been awarded
the contract.
Ankit Mehta:
Yes. It's a contract-dependent condition. It does not have any sort of, I mean it's just what's
stipulated in the contract.
Vipul Joshi:
It's not a standing conditions for all contracts as being same.
Ankit Mehta:
And you can't change it later as well.
Jai Chauhan:
Understood. So it is typically L1 only, right, after the technical.
Vipul Joshi:
So technical evaluation, you do get your additional points, but that not necessarily mean that
even if you are not the L1, you'll be awarded the contract.
Jai Chauhan:
So for example, if our drone has additional capabilities, like additional features to whatever it is
mentioned in the RFP, then also you will have to be the lowest bidder, right, to win the tender?
Or is there any...

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 7 of 17
Ankit Mehta:
That does not have a bearing unless and until there is something that the customer has described
in capital procurement as what is known as enhanced performance parameters, that is only
happening in defence capital procurement where enhanced performance parameters can give
you some pricing advantages when the financial bid opens.
Jai Chauhan:
Got it. Got it. Understood. And lastly, on indigenization, like how deep is the audit today? Like,
for example, does it stop at ideaForge or it extend to Tier 1, Tier 2 suppliers? Like for instance,
if you source from an Indian electronics partner who in turn uses imported components, how is
the indigenous content evaluated?
Ankit Mehta:
It is based on certain formulas that particularly happen in defence contracts. And in other
contracts as well, it is something that you have to provide a CA certificate for and there is
chaining of the overall requirement as well. Depending on the value of the subsystems.
Vipul Joshi:
So local content attribution is also verified and checked.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Hardik Rawat from IIFL Capital.
Hardik Rawat:
Congratulations on the healthy inflows that you've seen this quarter. My first question would be
with regards to the inflows themselves, INR440-odd crores of inflows you've seen year-to-date.
Are you expecting any other large-sized order inflows in the fourth quarter? Or should we see
this as -- except for the small-sized orders that will come here and there, this should be the total
set of order inflow that we should be looking for -- looking at in FY '26.
Ankit Mehta:
Yes, nothing large, Hardik, particularly from an EP standpoint, remains open at this point in
time. We are continuing to track meaningful opportunities in the run rate business, and we are
expecting closures from that.
Hardik Rawat:
Got it. And just any updates with regards to the L1 pipeline that we were having with regards to
overseas customers, the African customers where we were facing some issues and that L1
position ultimately confirming into order inflows. Is it still a work in progress? Or are we writing
that off?
Ankit Mehta:
So it is still a work in progress, Hardik. In fact, the number of opportunities that we have bid in
international business has grown only. We have had a bunch of customer visits at our place as
well over the last few months, where we are seeing definite interest in trying to close things.
However, the final conversion is what we are awaiting right now, but it's very positive in terms
of motion and movement.
Hardik Rawat:
Got it. Ankit another point...
Moderator:
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Rawat, we request that you return to the question queue for the follow-up
question. The next question comes from the line of Dipen Vakil from PhillipCapital.
Dipen Vakil:
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on an encouraging order inflow for the year.
Sir, my first question is on the similar line. So right now, this year, whatever major order wins

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 8 of 17
that have happened have been emergency procurement, whereas which are all executable within
12 months. So what are we looking at?
So what are the other orders that are there in pipeline in terms of which can help us in a
sustainable kind of a visibility, especially now that our product profile is also improving from
tactical UAVs as well as logistic UAVs coming in. And at the same time, our flagship product
on NETRA and SWITCH UAV continue to get upgraded. So what is the kind of opportunity
we are looking at in the near term, if you can put some number in it?
Ankit Mehta:
Yes. So Dipen, if you remember, we have been working on certain MAKE programs, those
programs are what we have been continuing to track, and we are executing on those programs.
There are milestones of those programs that have to be completed in early this year. And those
programs are certain large programs that we expect to convert into meaningful opportunities,
which will have a longer delivery time period as well associated with them. So that is one part
of what we are tracking in terms of opportunities.
Of course, I also mentioned that there are reports of a larger procurement being planned for
drones in various categories. That's another area within which, like I mentioned, we are looking
at partnering in order to expand the base of opportunities that we can be a part of going forward.
That's one effort at our side. And of course, there are certain other long-term opportunities on
the run rate side or in the civil side as well, where we are working on very interesting
opportunities. Once they fructify, they can be multiyear opportunities for us as well.
So there is a deep pipeline that is created, a pretty large pipeline as well. But we continue to
track it and execute on each of the necessary features and capabilities that we need to build for
executing those programs.
Dipen Vakil:
Got it, sir. Sir, you also mentioned about the PLI scheme coming in. So any timeline that you
have in your experience that can be -- we can expect PLI 2.0 to come in especially focused on
drones and anti-drones?
Ankit Mehta:
Presently, the reports that I've also read and same as you would have, is that there may be
something in the budget. So we are also holding our breath for that.
Dipen Vakil:
Got it. And any new products that you focus on...
Moderator:
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Vakil. We request that you rejoin the queue. The next question comes
from the line of Tushar from Peace Wealth.
Tushar:
Yes. So firstly, congratulations on getting your first order for the ZOLT drone. So if I understand
correctly, this ZOLT comes with the loitering munition capabilities. So I just want to understand
what is the potential for this new category that has come our way? And how confident are we to
achieve more orders in this particular segment? That's my first question.
Ankit Mehta:
Thanks, Tushar. Tushar, if you remember, we've been building ZOLT for certain MAKE - II
opportunities. So that's the, I would say, the opportunity pipeline for that, that it was being

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 9 of 17
worked towards. And that's what happens like when you are building something forward-
looking and you are building it because you see the demand signals. Typically, that's how you
embark on a program when you see the demand signals, and you believe that you have the
capability to deliver on it.
When the opportunity came during the -- in the aftermath of Op Sindoor, we had a platform that
could be demonstrated and was able to garner the necessary opportunity and orders. So yes,
there is a continuing pipeline for that. And I just wanted to underscore the fact that building new
capability is a very, very important vector of increasing the total addressable market for the
company.
And in general, the MAKE - II opportunities and other programs around combat capabilities are
areas where we are seeing opportunities. There is continued demand for these kind of programs.
We are working on 1 such -- 2 such programs in the MAKE – II itself. And of course, we will
have to continue to look at opportunities that are going to come in the next cycle for similar
platforms when the new cycle gets announced in terms of procurement.
Tushar:
Okay. That's great to know, sir. And another thing, I was reading an article where it was
mentioned that Indian government is planning to source about 10,000 drones per cops. And in
totality, they are looking at almost 1 lakh drones to be procured by 2027, including all kind of
small, medium turbulence combat drones. So I just want to understand how is ideaForge plays
to benefit from all of it.
And also, if I understand correctly, under this program, government is training their soldiers on
how to operate drones. And if I understand correctly, even ideaForge is helping the government
in this area. So if you could talk a little more about this particular segment, how we are helping
the soldiers on the training program? And how are we going to benefit from this sourcing of the
government by 2027?
Ankit Mehta:
So Tushar, it's a great question. That's exactly the demand signal that I've been speaking about.
There is a lot of restructuring that is visible in the Indian armed forces. And based on that
restructuring, we are expecting a lot of demand to flow in. That's perhaps one of the reasons
why we saw the recent reports of a large procurement.
In terms of our own capability, presently, we've been focused on building multi-roll assets the
assets that can do in a very, very high, you can say, precision and performance ISR missions.
That was our primary role. Some of these platforms are getting adapted to being able to carry
certain munitions as well.
And we are also looking at building new platforms based on the exact requirements that the
forces are going to come up with. So we are creating that internal capability to react based on
the clear specifications that we will get privy to once we have the opportunities in front of us.
But the background capability, if you see in terms of having our own indigenous stack and self-
developed stack for the entire avionics for the aircraft the GNSS denied and communication
denied resilience capability as well as the ability to do onboard compute and to support compute

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 10 of 17
on the edge and AI on the edge, we have the necessary ingredients that can be leveraged across
a very wide set of platform capabilities that we can react to when the opportunities come.
So that preparation phase in that one sense is what we've spent our time in, and we have arrived
at a version of these capabilities that can be deployed on the field. While we continue to iterate
and evolve these capabilities, we have the ability to react better now in this upcoming phase of
procurement and opportunity. So every specific capability that they will buy in bulk has not
been declared publicly presently.
Therefore, we have to respond. We are preparing to be responsive as well as there are certain
capabilities we are aware of opportunities in for which these platforms that we already have into
some size and shape are already applicable for those opportunities.
Tushar:
Okay. Great. And sir, are we working on solar-powered drones also because recently, a
competitor company, NRT, they secured an order for a solar-powered drone that can stay in air
for almost 24 hours because of the powering done by solar. So are we also working in this area?
And also on the YETI drone, so when do we expect this prototype to be ready? That was also
the question I asked in the last call. So that's all from my side.
Ankit Mehta:
Yes. So the propulsion testing version of the YETI platform is going to fly within the first half
of this year and an advanced prototype, again, we expect to fly towards the end of the year,
which is the next iteration getting us closer to the product. In terms of what is happening with
respect to the solar-powered or HAPS opportunities, I think Tushar, we have to probably not
participate in some categories because, again, the breadth will be very large. So that is one
category.
Presently, we have not envisaged in our portfolio because in most of the low altitude missions,
that is not going to be a practical solution in the short term. For solutions that are flying at a very
large altitude, for them to be leverageable across the entire seasonal expense of atmospheric and
conditions, it's also going to be tough for them to look at what's happening on the ground unless
it's a clear atmospheric condition. So we are still sort of building our thesis on that. So we're not
there yet in so far as that capability is concerned.
Tushar:
Okay. And sir -- if I may just squeeze the last question, please. Okay. So 18 months back, you
were working on two programs that you were calling as Zolt and YETI, now Zolt being
commercial and YETI is in process. Any other program that you have a name of and then you
want to talk about and in which area we are working upon?
Ankit Mehta:
Like I said, I think right now, the approach is shifting a little bit instead of going after a specific
program right now, our focus is on making sure that we are responsive to the opportunities that
we will see. And therefore, presently, I can't articulate a specific platform for you, but the
categories that we have been operating in, we have expanded the definition of those categories
and are more flexible in what all we will build in those categories.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Jatin Jadhav from Sahasrar Capital.

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 11 of 17
Jatin Jadhav:
First of all, congratulations on new orders. Actually, my question was more on the lines of the
capabilities. So how does your UAV maintain reliable navigation mission continuity and flight
sustainability in a full GPS denied and communication contested environment? Do you guys
use visually something like a terrain contour mapping? Or do you pre-feed the flight data and
then it does ISR and then come back? So that's the first question.
Ankit Mehta:
So Jatin, it's a great question. If you see the technical update or the product development update
that we shared in the presentation this time, you will see a small column that talks about the
capabilities that we have built in-house for resilient communication and navigation. So we have
a specific communication solution that we have built that helps us maintain communication
with the drone even in pretty challenging environments that we have observed from the testings
and the trials that we have undergone. So that is one part.
We have developed a unique capability there. On top of that, we have developed what is known
as a CRPA antenna that has the ability to reject jamming signals from specific directions. So
that helps us in reducing the noise that is generated by GPS jammers and continues to help the
UAV look at satellites -- actual satellites rather than focusing on the jamming signals. That's a
standard technology in the domain.
We have developed our own version and variant of that, that performs as good or better than
what's available in the market otherwise as well as we have developed our own visual positioning
system. And that visual positioning system in both day and night takes snapshots off the ground
in a way that or uses a continuous video pipeline from the sensors that we have embedded in
that solution and creates its own map and uses that map as a reference for continued navigation
even in denied conditions. And both of these solutions are pretty accurate for ISR missions.
Jatin Jadhav:
Got it. Just a follow-up on that. Let's say, we are emitting information from the drone to, let's
say, any link. But won't that itself create -- the drone will itself become a target according --
because it's emitting RF signals or any way in any form. So won't that be a little counterintuitive?
Ankit Mehta:
But yes, so absolutely. See, there is -- there are two ways to navigate the environment, right?
One is navigation of the environment in an autonomous manner. Now when you're autonomous
and you're in a completely communication -- no communication environment, then you have to
imagine a mission that does not require real-time intelligence or does not require real-time
interference by the operator or anybody else.
In that case, you can be completely radio silent. Most likely, you will be gathering information.
In some cases, you may be listening to what is happening on the other side. And in many cases,
they can become targets for your drone as well if you have combat capability. So there are
certain radio silent missions that you can do. Those missions is one way of doing that navigation
and capability, which we are capable of.
Apart from that, there are missions where you need real-time communication or confirmation
of a target. And therefore, in those kind of situations, again, you have to be building the
capability that some communication can pass through even though the system is in a contested
environment. Yes, the system may get detected. Yes, the system can be targeted as well in the

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 12 of 17
future. However, the soft targeting won't work on it, which is why it is being designed to resist
communication and GPS jamming.
Hard targeting may work against such systems, but then it's an unmanned systems getting
targeted versus a manned system in an alternate environment because that's the only alternative
to the aerial perspective and aerial view or aerial missions other than deploying an unmanned
system. So that's the overall environment or domain that the entire unmanned systems domain
has to operate in.
Jatin Jadhav:
Got it. Got it. Just one small follow-up question. So when the drone or your product is in listening
mode, so will that help in essentially identifying the enemies EW zones and possibly help the
suppression of air defence missions for our troops, like will that be a use case?
Ankit Mehta:
With the right sensors on board, it can be.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Nikhil Gupta from Vayu Capital.
Nikhil Gupta:
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is regarding -- like you highlighted -- touched
upon that we are expanding beyond ISR operations. And also in the last question, you mentioned
about that we are not looking to develop another platform apart like when –Yeti is finished, like
we are shifting our strategy.
So can you please highlight on this how we are planning to move ahead? I think this is -- this
must be very important for the other investors as well. If you can expand what we are thinking,
how we are expanding beyond ISR, it would be a great help.
Ankit Mehta:
Sure, Nikhil. So see, we -- in a way, from an overall portfolio standpoint, we were already doing
beyond ISR. We were doing geospatial applications. We are progressing towards inspection
applications as well as with YETI, we were building a logistics delivery capability. However, if
you look at what we were doing with ZOLT, we were on ZOLT looking to mount payloads up
to 10 kgs in weight and deploy those payloads in conditions where they could be used for
specific missions that were outlined as a part of the make program that we were participating in.
So that gives ZOLT a combat capability that allows it to look at targets. And then, of course,
after looking at targets, it also allows it to take action as long as the right payloads are mounted,
right? And then overall, when we look at how the market is presently shaping up and the kind
of platform capabilities and platform sizes that are being demanded, we are looking at essentially
trying to understand what are the reactive approaches that we can take today to look at an overall
scenario where we are not sort of straddled or you can say we are not limited by the platforms
that we are maturing in isolation today.
Those platforms are doing well. They will continue to do well in their category, but the
categories keep shifting. And therefore, you have to be a bit more responsive. And therefore,
our approach will be more platform-oriented approach going forward where in the modular
fashion in which we've already built our technology, we can adapt it to more number of airframes
and more types of missions for the end user because the intelligence base has been created and

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 13 of 17
the platform itself, the hardware of the airframe and some other elements is something that you
can responsibly build at a faster speed.
So there is that sort of change that we are doing in our approach. It is not being done outside the
categories we were identifying, but it is now moving towards responsive opportunities for large
programs that are coming up. So that program count that we are now seeing is actually increasing
quite a bit. And to be a part of many categories, we have to be adopting a modular approach and
move away from slightly monolithic product approach that we had earlier. So that's the kind of
shift that we are going to see in our progress.
Nikhil Gupta:
Understood. Makes sense. So my last question is about strategy for nano drones. I know we
have invested in Vantage Robotics. So how do you just see that a minority stake in the company
or we will leverage and build nano drones for India? Like I just want to know the high-level
long-term plan in that sense.
Ankit Mehta:
So Nikhil, it's a very interesting question. There are three, four things that are happening globally
in so far as small drones are concerned. One is that there are very, very tiny drones that are
required for -- in many cases, for room interventions. They call it room interventions, basically
drones that can go inside a building and clear the building for the soldiers to ensure that they are
safe and they are able to -- they should be able to go inside and do their mission, right?
So there is one class of drones that is currently being leveraged for that. So most of the nano
drones are of that nature, let me put it this way. And therefore -- and then, of course, it doesn't
remain a nano drone necessarily. Sometimes it can be a larger drone. In fact, many people are
using the Chinese drones globally to do room clearing because they are convenient to operate
and except for the fact that there is a cybersecurity risk, people are leveraging whatever is
available in the market right now.
Then the second class of drones that was very popular as a hobby was FPV drones, which are
smaller drones that people carry in their backpack, but now they are being loaded with munition,
and they are acting as attack agents. So that definition is also growing, and the mode of operation
is also of a way that they can survive some parts of EW resilience because the communication
is analogue. There are certain ways in which it operates that keeps it functional until the very
end.
So there are multiple types of systems. A particular type of system is what our present partner
builds, but there are several other types of systems that are a requirement or in demand. Based
on opportunities, we may decide to look at those capabilities as well. And we are open to
partnering for capabilities that we do not have at this point in time.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Mithun Aswath from Kivah Advisors.
Mithun Aswath:
I just wanted to get a sense; you mentioned that half of your order book you would be able to
execute in Q4. So are we expecting around INR200 crores of execution in Q4? You've also
mentioned that you're looking to break even at the annual level for FY '26. I understand that

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 14 of 17
business is very lumpy and it's very difficult for you to kind of second guess how your order
book or revenues trajectory will happen as we've seen in the last couple of years.
But I just wanted to understand, obviously, you're a listed company and you have to kind of
meet the annual or quarterly kind of expectations. In a business like yours, how do you see the
next couple of years faring? Would you continue to have this sort of lumpiness? Or are you
seeing a little bit more visibility compared to the last couple of years?
Ankit Mehta:
Mithun, thanks for your question. I think if I were to look at how the -- you're right that the
situation has panned out the way it has over the last couple of years. With the present cycle and
the posture, we feel very confident that a baseline activity will continue to happen because we
are seeing growth in the run rate business as well. And that run rate business is an area where
we will continue to see more activation, more traction.
And we are expecting that next year also the momentum on the run rate business is only going
to go up because increasingly, we are seeing that the adoption of the technology even in
enterprises is becoming very, very evident. We get more inquiries for adoption. We are
uncovering unique use cases. And therefore, I'm pretty confident that the baseline of the business
is actually now stepping up from where it used to be earlier. And that is one base we are confident
of over the next few years.
However, those very large opportunities will continue to make it look lumpy when they come.
And therefore, that is a reality that we'll have to live with, but the baseline is definitely
improving, and we will see a better baseline business over the next couple of years for sure.
And also what is happening is that with the shift of capabilities from -- particularly for defence
and even homeland security to some extent progressively, we will see that some of these
capabilities that we have built will again create an environment where having them in-house is
going to give us a competitive advantage going forward. And the procurement will not happen
without those capabilities.
Mithun Aswath:
Sure, sure. And do you think this sort of gross margin of 50% is something sustainable even in
FY '27? Or it would really depend on the underlying orders that you have?
Ankit Mehta:
I mean, as of now, the order book that we have, that definitely gives us confidence. However,
as more orders add in, we will be able to probably respond to that a bit more progressively.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Ishani Jain from MAS Capital.
Ishani Jain:
So my question is like you have highlighted multiple enterprise deployments across mining,
forestry, crowd management and coastal surveillance. So like what proportion of these
deployments are currently revenue generating versus the trial based?
Ankit Mehta:
Ishani, many surveillance-based services that we are doing in mining and in some enterprises,
they are paid customers who have basically adopted our technology to help us monitor their
facilities and their locations. We are very effective in those environments. In terms of forestry

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 15 of 17
in some pockets, we are doing POCs. In some cases or in most cases now, actually, we are doing
paid POCs. So even if it is a POC, in many cases, it is a paid POC. So that's also very helpful.
And in terms of overall mix of opportunities, I think by adopting a more open stance with respect
to having more third-party payloads on our system, etcetera, is allowing us to address a wider
spectrum of capabilities without necessarily creating an engineering debt on the company. So
that is also helping in exploring more opportunities for us.
Ishani Jain:
Okay, sir. Got your point. Also, I have one more question. Like when should investors expect
meaningful revenue contribution from drone as a service and FLYGHT CLOUD models like
by FY '27 or later? And what would be the key trigger for scaling this business?
Ankit Mehta:
So Ishani, it's very fascinating. What is happening is that FLYGHT CLOUD is also becoming
a meaningful vector to achieve product sales. So in some cases, FLYGHT CLOUD is an
embedded part of the purchase. So that is helping us. So in a way, the capability is essentially
going to be such that the capability stand-alone will have sales, but it also will be part of many
product procurements, and we are seeing that evidence today as well, where platforms are being
bought along with the software subscriptions so that the customer can, like I mentioned during
my speech, get a solution out of the platform rather than merely getting a hardware.
So I think we have to look at the overall picture of how this product development is going to
help us both in sales because that's going to be increasingly the demand from customers that I
don't just want a hardware, I want a full solution because I don't care who operates or how it
operates. And then, of course, the next bit is looking at the overall capability of the stand-alone
product as well.
We do believe that in certain global opportunities and markets as the platform matures, we can
see stand-alone revenues coming from a wider base of customers across the world from
FLYGHT CLOUD and these platforms. And it may not even require a hardware sale in that
particular situation.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Shubham Thorat from Perpetual Capital Advisors.
Shubham Thorat:
First question was earlier in the call, you mentioned that we are looking at some opportunity in
civil demand, which can be multiyear, along with that, some opportunity from the expanded --
I mean, the expected expanded procurement from the military side, Indian Army side. So any
specifics that you can provide how we are going to benefit from that or which program are you
looking to leverage in that?
Ankit Mehta:
See, apart from the programs you mentioned on the MAKE side, we presently cannot give you
a deeper lens on what's happening there, unfortunately, Shubham.
Vipul Joshi:
The details are yet to emerge because government programs are in works is the overall reports
that we have been hearing.

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 16 of 17
Shubham Thorat:
Okay. And parallelly, you also mentioned in the nano drones that we are currently catering to
one kind of specific application. Can you elaborate on that? I mean I just missed your comments
there.
Ankit Mehta:
See, nano drones, the partner we've invested in Vantage Robotics, they have a drone that can act
as a personal reconnaissance drone for any soldier, right? It is primarily meant for only doing
surveillance capability. So that's the kind of platform. You can "carry it in your pocket" and
deploy it at the last mile and get your intelligence at the last mission.
Shubham Thorat:
Okay. And lastly, just a general question. So I just wanted to get a sense on what kind of issues
you faced in the last 9 months or in the previous quarter? And how are you addressing those?
What are your expectations there?
Ankit Mehta:
Shubham, in terms of issues, I would say that like we mentioned that there are supply chain-
related areas that are emerging. As we start looking at procuring volumes, it starts emerging.
And those are areas that we are continuously working on. We are adapting. We are continuously
doing things so that we are still ahead of time when we get to the end customer. So that's one
area that we are constantly working towards. And that's one primary, I would say, area of effort
right now because it's directly linked to delivery of our systems.
Moderator:
The next question comes from the line of Jatin Jadhav from Sahasrar Capital.
Jatin Jadhav:
So this is one more question regarding -- it's a follow-up question to the earlier question. So
taking a reference from the E18 growler, it's like F-18 Super Hornets modified version, which
does electronic attacks. So I wanted to understand, can our drones essentially carry the electronic
warfare payload and then enter the enemy airspace and jam the -- or possibly spoof or completely
attack the enemy radar system.
And then subsequently, how will that payload, if we integrate it into our drones, affect the power
generation, the distribution, the thermal management, cooling capacity and possibly the
endurance time? Or do we have to completely build a new platform altogether to achieve these
goals?
Ankit Mehta:
A system that can do jamming in -- on the other side, Typically, jamming is something that
requires a very large power base as well. So I do believe that a platform like ours presently may
not be able to do it even if we are able to carry a payload of that nature, we may not be able to
jam for a very long time. That much I can envisage because from whatever I hear, it takes several
kilowatts of power to sustain jamming.
So that would be one, I would say, area of investigation that may have to be done for an offensive
capability there. But a listening capability doesn't require that much power. That is something
which is feasible. And then along with the listening capability, if you have the ability to attack,
those can be a reasonable combination in the future.
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, this was the last question. I now hand the
conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir.

ideaForge Technology Limited
January 23, 2026
Page 17 of 17
Ankit Mehta:
Thank you, everyone, for your questions and the patient listening. I remain confident in
ideaForge's resilience and fundamental strength. Our nearly INR368 crores order book provides
robust revenue visibility and stands as a testament to the trust that we have earned by delivering
on time and in full. As India's leading drone player, we are strategically aligned with the
historical scale defence procurement that is underway and are ready to meet our nation's
unprecedented demand for indigenously built and secure UAVs.
To our long-term shareholders and new investors, thank you for your faith in us. Let's stay the
course and propel the next phase of ideaForge's growth together. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. On behalf of ideaForge Technology Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.
