 
Date: January 28, 2026 
 
To 
 
 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
Listing Compliance 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
Subject: Transcripts of Post Earnings Conference Call- Q3 & 9M FY’26. 
Ref: Reg. 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
BSE Scrip Code: 543599; NSE Symbol; KSOLVES; ISIN: INE0D6I01023 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the transcripts of Post Earnings Conference 
Call- Q3 & 9M FY26. 
 
For Ksolves India Limited 
  
  
Manisha Kide 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Ksolves India Limited (Formerly known as Ksolves India Private Limited) 
Registered. Office.: 317/276-Second floor, Lane No.3, Mehrauli Road, Saidulajab, Saket, New Delhi-110030,  
Corporate Office: C-28,29, Second floor, C-Block, Smartworks, Tower -D, Logix Cyber Park, Sector 62, Noida, UP - 201301 
Telephone No: 0120-4983851 Email Id: cs@ksolves.com Website: www.ksolves.com   
CIN: L72900DL2014PLC269020 
MANISHA 
KIDE
Digitally signed by 
MANISHA KIDE 
Date: 2026.01.28 
12:44:49 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Ksolves India Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 20, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RATAN SRIVASTAVA – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – KSOLVES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. UMANG SONI - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
KSOLVES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. MANISH GURNANI – CHIEF TECHNICAL OFFICER 
– KSOLVES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. DARPAN AUDICHYA – HEAD, BUSINESS 
TRANSFORMATION AND CONSULTING – KSOLVES 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRATIK JAGTAP – ERNST & YOUNG LLP, 
INVESTOR RELATION 
 
 
 

 
 
Ksolves India Limited
 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Ksolves India Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Jagtap from Ernst & Young LLP, Investor Relations for 
opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, Pratik. 
Pratik Jagtap: 
Thank you, Ryan. Welcome, everyone, and thanks for joining Ksolves' India Limited Q3 FY '26 
Earnings Call. The results have been mailed to you along with the Investor Presentation, and it 
is also available at www.ksolves.com. In case anyone does not have the copy of Investor 
Presentation, please do write to us, and we will be happy to share it with you.  
Joining us today from the management team, we have Ratan Srivastava, Chairman and 
Managing Director; Umang Soni, Chief Financial Officer; Manish Gurnani, Chief Technical 
Officer; Darpan Audichya, Head, Business Transformation and Consulting. We will begin with 
management's remarks covering the business update and quarterly performance highlights and 
then move on to the Q&A session.  
Before we start, I would like to remind you that anything that is said on this call that reflects any 
outlook for the future, or which can be construed as a forward-looking statement must be viewed 
in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties are 
included but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with the SEBI and 
subsequent Annual Report that you can find on our website.  
Having said that, I will now hand over the call to Ratan sir. Over to you, sir. 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Thank you, Pratik. Welcome, and thank you, everyone, for joining our Q3 financial year '26 
earnings call. Wish you all a Happy New Year.  
As we closed the third quarter of FY '26, I'm pleased to say that we continue to build on the 
momentum stabilized in the first half of the year. We reported 6.6% Q-on-Q revenue growth and 
12.2% year-on-year growth with EBITDA margin in line as guided at 32.4%. 
 
Growth this quarter was primarily driven by stable execution across our core services portfolio, 
ramp-up of previous large deal wins and continued traction in overseas market. Notably, a large 
portion of this growth came from existing clients through wallet expansion, which reflects the 
strong client confidence and stickiness. 
 
Over the last few quarters, we have been very clear about our priorities, the scalable growth, 
long-term capability building and disciplined capital allocation. Q3 reflects the execution of that 
strategy. 
 
I'm pleased to share that our organization has been certified as a Great Place to Work effectively 
January 2026 to January 2027. This reflects the trust of our employees and the strong culture we 
continue to build, which support our growth and long-term success.  

 
 
Ksolves India Limited
 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
From a business standpoint, demand across our core services offering remains healthy, 
particularly in ERP, cloud, data engineering, AI, Salesforce and enterprise transformation 
programs. Our pipeline remains healthy and strong demand visibility, especially in the U.S., 
UAE and Australia. 
 
Our continued expansion in overseas market remains a key long-term growth lever, given the 
higher deal sizes, longer tenures and better wallet expansion opportunities these markets offer. 
The active pipeline give us good visibility for the next 2 quarters, supported by both new deal 
wins and deeper engagement with existing accounts.  
We remain confident of achieving 20% year-on-year revenue growth in FY '26. Particularly, 
Agentic AI and GenAI is increasingly becoming embedded within larger transformation, 
mandates rather than being pursued as a stand-alone initiative. Our strategy is clear - embed AI 
across ERP, analytics and business workflows, thereby expanding deal scope and increasing 
engagement depth. Internally, we are leveraging AI for productivity gains and improved delivery 
efficiency.  
While we continue to optimize its usage, we have not seen pricing pressure from clients. Instead 
clients are focused on improving output and accelerating ERP, cloud, data engineering and 
transformation programs with AI rather than negotiating lower rates. While this improved 
efficiency, may slightly impact on time and material engagements, it aligns with our strategy. 
Shift towards fixed cost are structured T&M engagements where we control resources and 
benefit directly from productivity gains. As seen during the Q4 FY '25 transition from T&M to 
fixed cost project, we will continue to prioritize these models as they support pricing discipline 
and long-term client value.  
For 9-month FY '26, we reported revenue of INR119.6 crores, reflecting a strong growth of 
14.9% year-on-year. EBITDA margin, however, declined to 29.9% from 37.8% in 9-month FY 
'25, and PAT margin dropped to 20.6% from 27.3% in the same period. This was primarily due 
to our international investment in strengthening leadership depth, enhancing brand visibility and 
building differentiated product and platform capabilities.As highlighted in our earlier calls, these 
investments were planned to strengthen the foundation for Ksolves' next phase growth. While 
they created temporarily margin softness, they are not structural cost additions and positions us 
well for the medium term. We did experience margin compression due to strategic investment 
in events and marketing, and some of these initiatives did not yield the expected outcome. 
However, we do not expect similar level of spending at the same intensity going forward. 
 
As revenue, skills utilization remains healthy and overseas initiatives start to contribute more 
meaningful, we expect margins to move back towards normalized levels. We continue to 
maintain a medium-term EBITDA margin outlook of around 30%. 
 
The benefit of our strategic investment, particularly in expanding our overseas presence and 
strengthening the capabilities are expected to translate into improved deal flow and better 
revenue transition over the coming quarters and into FY '27. 
 

 
 
Ksolves India Limited
 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
As we move into the fourth quarter of the year, our focus remains on –  
1. 
Deepening client relationship 
2. 
Expanding wallet share 
3. 
Improving execution efficiency 
4. 
Building a strong pipeline for FY '27  
There is no fundamental change in our strategy direction for the next 2-3 years. Our priorities 
remain consistent and well defined. We will continue to scale our core services business, deepen 
relationship with global clients and increase the share of large, long tenure engagements. At the 
same time, we will selectively scale our product in a calibrated manner. 
 
Thank you. With this, I now hand over the floor to Umang to share financial highlights. 
Umang Soni: 
Okay. Thank you, Ratan, and good evening, everyone. I will briefly take you through the 
financial performance for the quarter ended 31st December 2025.  
So, in Q3 FY '26, we reported revenue of INR42.3 crores, representing a growth of 6.6% Q-o-
Q and 12.2% Y-o-Y. The topline growth was driven by consistent execution across ongoing 
client engagement and incremental ramp-up of projects during the quarter. 
 
Our EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 32.4%, expanding by 194 basis points sequentially. 
This improvement was driven by operating leverage from revenue growth, better execution 
efficiency and the benefits of investments made in earlier quarters. Profit after tax for Q3 stood 
at INR9.8 crores, translating into PAT margin of 23.2%. Earnings per share for the quarter was 
INR4.13 compared to INR3.5 per share in Q3 FY '25. 
 
Additionally, pursuant to the implementation of new labour code, gratuity expense is expected 
to increase. The impact is not material and will be recognized in Q4 without any changes to our 
EBITDA margin guidance.  
Cash generation remains strong, and our balance sheet continues to be healthy with cash and 
cash equivalents of INR13 crores. 
 
We still remain a net debt-free company. And in terms of cash utilization, our priority remains 
unchanged. We will continue to deploy capital in a disciplined manner towards growth initiatives 
such as selective hiring, capability enhancement, product improvement and strengthening our 
overseas footprint. 
 
At the same time, we remain committed to shareholder returns. During the quarter, Board 
declared a third interim dividend of INR5 per share, taking the total dividend for the FY26 to 
INR11 per share. Further, considering the growth potential we see in Australia, the Board has 
approved the initiation of a wholly owned subsidiary to support growth and scale in that region. 
 
Now, from a client concentration perspective, our top 5 clients and top 10 clients contributed 
40% and 54% of our revenues, respectively, in 9 months FY '26. Approximately 78% of our 
revenues were derived from overseas customers, underscoring the increasing contribution of 

 
 
Ksolves India Limited
 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
global markets. We continue to remain a diversified industry mix with telecom remaining our 
largest segment, while also serving a broad range of industries, including services, technology, 
BFSI, EduTech, retail, healthcare and manufacturing. 
 
In terms of revenue by business, our IT Services segment contributed 97.4% to our revenue in 
the 9-month FY '26, while our Product segment contributed 2.6% to our revenue for the same 
period. As highlighted in our calls, IT Services continue to be the backbone of our revenue and 
profitability. The Product segment, though currently a small contributor, remains strategically 
important and being scaled in a disciplined manner. 
 
As we enter into the fourth quarter of FY '26, we remain cautiously optimistic. Our focus 
continues to be on quality growth, margin discipline and strong cash generation. We are 
confident in our ability to sustain momentum while staying aligned with our long-term financial 
and strategic goals. 
 
With this, I will now hand over the floor to the operator to open the session for questions. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
We take the first question from the line of Raghav from KamayaKya Wealth Management. 
Raghav: 
So, sir, my first question will be on the EBITDA margin. Like you said, we saw approximately 
496 bps of downtrend in the EBITDA margin. I just wanted to understand what was the driver 
of this particular thing. 
Umang Soni: 
Sure. So Raghav, if you see on a Q-o-Q basis, the EBITDA has grown by 194 basis points. But 
year-on-year, there is a dip. And for 9-month FY '26, the dip was because from Q1 starting, we 
have invested a lot in attending events as a speaker, we have our booths there. And as compared 
to 9-month FY '25, where we attended a couple of events, this time during the 9 months, we 
have attended more than 10 events. 
 
So that was a major chunk. And other chunk came due to ESOPs and senior hirings, which we 
have done and digital marketing and branding presence. So, this all were the contributors for the 
low EBITDA margin as compared to 9-month FY '25. 
Raghav: 
Right. Now, sir, my next question is on the data flow manager. First of all, sir, I just wanted to 
understand, going forward, what will be the company's outlook between the product and service 
part of the business as in for the next year, what percentage of product business are we targeting? 
First question. 
 
And then a follow-up is I wanted to understand more on the DFM part, sir. What does it exactly 
do? What are its substitutes? What is the TAM of it? Who are the peers? And like is it also 
compatible in, let's say, Python along with this Apache NiFi? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. So first of all, our focus will be on services only, not product. Second, the technical 
answer, Manish, our CTO is online. Over to you, Manish. Try to cover it in 2, 3 minutes. 

 
 
Ksolves India Limited
 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Manish Gurnani: 
Okay. Sure. Thank you, Ratan. All right. So, to answer that, see, DFM is a product which is built 
on top of open source Apache NiFi. If you talk about peers, the only peer that we have is, you 
can say, Cloudera, which is a very bigger, a very different company. 
 
What we have brought with DFM is we have brought in capabilities which are not in Cloudera 
or in any other product. So that is why we are looking at DFM as a game changer for Apache 
NiFi operations. It works with Python. It works with Java. It can work with, what we call as, 
other technologies also. 
 
Then, we already have onboarded customers onto DFM. And these are like big players. Some 
of them are in telecom, some of them are into retail. And they have been using DFM for quite a 
good amount of time, and that feedback is also coming to us, which is going into product and 
making it even better. Does that answer your question? 
Raghav: 
Yes, sir. I have some follow-ups. I'll join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Apoorv, who is an Individual Investor. 
Apoorv: 
I have a couple of questions. I will go one by one. So my first question is, there are a few 
examples which are put on the presentation, such as motor coil manufacturing, we have done 
some automation, similarly for pump manufacturing company and telecom operator. 
 
So, my question is on the payment side, like do we get payment from these sort of automations 
or the work we have done? It's for one-time or we get the recurring revenue? Also, if it is the 
recurring revenue, then that revenue is based on the transaction based or it's a fixed amount of 
payment received every year? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
So first of all, it is a one-time payment, and it is a fixed cost project based on the amount of the 
work we quote, and then, we charge them. 
Apoorv: 
Got it. Got it. And sir, if I'm not wrong, like our 85% of revenue is recurring. 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Yes. 
Apoorv: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is on the DFM side. Like I remember that we got our first DFM 
customer, I think, in Q4 last year. So just wanted to know that how many clients do we have 
currently for DFM? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
We have two customers onboarded. Third is taking the trial. And three customers are in process 
to sign the NDA. All these customers are multimillion or billion company. 
Apoorv: 
Got it. Sir, I just want to know how big can this DFM can go, like in terms of our revenue 
contribution, maybe a couple of years later down the line? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
I was planning that I will avoid this answer. But if we will be successful, if our luck will be with 
us, it will be big. 

 
 
Ksolves India Limited
 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Apoorv: 
Okay. If you can like mention some numbers may be like in terms of percentage of our revenue, 
like 5%, 10% of revenue would be coming from DFM? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
More than that, but everything depends on the luck. Product is something that many people 
develop, and many times, good product, excellent idea. But building a product is 10%, 90% is 
your luck and sales. 
 
So, if things will work, then it will be big. If it will not -- that's why I did not mention anything 
about DFM in the PPT because we are still talking to the customers, and customer cycle is very 
long, cumbersome cycle because they are the decision-makers of multibillion or multimillion 
company. Anyway. 
Apoorv: 
Sure, sir. Sir, like if you can mention the DFM revenue contribution in this quarter in Q3? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
This quarter is very small. That's why I'm saying. You said that, what is your plan for next few 
years? So that's why I answered. Otherwise, if you will ask what is the current number or the 
next quarter number? then definitely, I would like to avoid this question. Next few years, it will 
be good if our luck will be with us. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Congrats for a good set of numbers in terms of recovery Q-o-Q. So, given you are saying 20% 
growth for this FY '26, that would mean another similar Q-o-Q growth in Q4. Are we bullish on 
that? And based on demand side, can you talk about something on FY '27 side? Can we expect 
similar or better growth in terms of 25% to 30% growth in FY '27, sir? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. So, for next quarter, we have pipeline. And if anything will not happen with the world, 
we will beat the target 20%. And for the next year, Umang, you can answer this. 
Umang Soni: 
Sure. For next year, we'll provide the guidance later on, but we are still having a good pipeline 
and good visibility for next couple of quarters. But yes, definitely, we are having a good growth. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Okay. Sure, sir. And sir, on margin side, as in PBT, we have still returned 25% to 30%, but you 
talked about 30% coming in. And since there are no more events planned, so can you -- even... 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Last time I said that 25%, I did 32%+. So same thing will happen. I would like to be conservative, 
but I don't want to give anything which may be risky. So, 25% to 30% - we have given the 
guideline. We would like to do better than this. But yes, between 25% to 30%, we are confident. 
Ankur Kumar: 
But there is no big or any planned event coming, which will restrict us. 
Ratan Srivastava: 
No, no planned event. Nothing. This is very small. Now, even in future, –at least for next 2, 3 
years, you will not see those kinds of events which we have attended in last 2, 3 quarters, and 
which has impacted on EBITDA. So, we will attend the events, but very selected events, and we 
will go with a small booth and all. We will not spend huge money for the events. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Got it, sir. That's nice... 

 
 
Ksolves India Limited
 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
We should go event. We will go event, but as a visitor or as attendees. We will spend very small 
amount of the money for the events. Actually, it was a learning. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Sure, sir. And next question would be, a couple of IT companies and even banking companies 
have taken this labour law impact in their quarter this time. We haven't taken any impact. So, 
anything that doesn't impact us, sir, on labour law impact? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Umang, you can answer this. 
Umang Soni: 
Yes. So, as I stated, the impact is not material, and we are working on restructuring. So, it will 
not impact our EBITDA margin guidance for FY '26. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Got it, sir. Nice to know that. And last question, and then, I'll fall back in the queue. I wanted to 
ask on the dividend policy. Again, this quarter, we have declared a nice dividend. Our dividend 
payout is also quite good compared to net profit. So, do we expect those similar trends to 
continue? How should we think about on those terms? 
Umang Soni: 
Yes. See, we have a strong cash position, and we have a good profitability. So, we can reward 
the shareholders. And at the same time, we are also investing in leadership hiring, global 
expansion and branding initiatives. So, we are maintaining a balance between both growth and 
shareholder returns.  
Ankur Kumar: 
Got it, sir. Actually, last question. Given our stock price has fallen quite a bit from the top, so 
any plans to consider buyback or even a promoter buying that will instil some confidence in the 
market? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
No plan. I think we have given good numbers for the confidence. If it is not giving the 
confidence, then what I can do. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Kaustav Bubna from BMSPL Capital. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Again, it's more on the product side of the business. I understand you've got a lot of questions 
on this, but really wanted to understand when it comes to building a solution on top of an open-
source platform like Apache NiFi, for the data flow product that we are building on top of 
Apache NiFi, I mean, what are the risks that could come up in the way in terms of competition 
that could derail this growth opportunity for us? That's the first question. 
 
And the second question is what really is the aim of the company in terms of growing this 
products business? I mean, is it only going to be a product business, which is basically solutions 
on top of open-source platforms? And if that's the case, then why so? What opportunity is the 
company seeing to build on top of open-source platforms? What other open-source platforms 
are there? I mean, can you give us like a 5-year roadmap in terms of what this division can really 
build up into? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
So let me answer first question. There was one threat only, which I was saying that  Agentic AI, 
it was missing in our project. We have done a very good job in our product. But I was thinking 

 
 
Ksolves India Limited
 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
that if anyone will come up with the Agentic AI solution for this problem, then it can be a 
problem. 
 
But today, we have launched the Agentic AI solution for DFM 2.0. If you will go on our website, 
www.ksolves.com, you will see there is a banner and which is inviting everyone for a webinar, 
which we are going to organize on 2nd Feb. Manish will speak there. And Manish will give the 
demo of DFM 2.0 upgraded with Agentic AI first ever, means first ever. 
 
No one has this solution with Agentic AI. And then, I hope that you will be amazed. So, request 
you that join that webinar, then you will get the idea that what we have developed, and what is 
the future, you would be able to get it on your own. Can you repeat your second question again? 
Kaustav Bubna: 
I wanted to kind of understand a 5-year roadmap on how this products business of yours, which 
is adding solutions on top of open-source platforms will look like. So, like what other open-
source platforms are you targeting? What other solutions are you targeting on the Apache NiFi 
platform?  
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. So, Apache NiFi is a product of Apache Foundation. Apache Foundation has multiple 
products, Apache NiFi, Apache Spark, Apache Kafka, Apache Cassandra. So, all these things 
are the open-source technology. And if you want to use for your business to use these 
technologies as an open source, you will have to do multiple things on your own. You will have 
to hire a big or large DevOps team. Very expensive. 
 
So, I will start from the Cassandra. Cassandra is a NoSQL database. And then the company 
DataStax, they have created a product on the top of Cassandra, and they have solved majorly all 
the problems. And many businesses have started using services by DataStax who were using 
open-source Cassandra because everything was customized based on their requirement. 
 
Same happened with the Kafka. Confluent company came into the picture. They customized the 
solution. They customized the Kafka open source, and they have developed an enterprise 
solution. And then businesses started using enterprise solution provided by Confluent rather than 
open-source Kafka. 
 
So same thing happened with the Apache NiFi. We have developed a solution, which has solved 
so many problems of NiFi solutions, and we told to our leads or customers that it will decrease 
your cost up to 70%, 60%, 80%. Or in another word, you can say, increase the efficiency. We 
have given approximately 20 to 30 demos. Everyone has appreciated. But problem is that most 
of the time, we are not able to approach decision-makers. 
 
Many times, the engineers are coming or people who are not decision-makers. Sometimes the 
engineers are also decision-makers, but most of the time we are not able to approach decision-
makers. So that's why I'm very conservative about DFM. It will take time. Word of mouth will 
work. Product is amazing. 
 
And once people will start knowing about this product, definitely, the right people, the decision-
makers will approach us or we would be able to find them, but it will take time. Another thing 
is that do we have any threat? There is always threat if someone can build a solution better than 

 
 
Ksolves India Limited
 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
this or something like this. But the most important thing is that building a solution is not a big 
thing. 
 
When people use it, when test it, that is the actual testing. That is in software industry, we call it 
a beta testing. And we have done it for two customers. And it took more than 6 months. When 
we started beta testing, we found multiple issues. Then this product got stable. 
 
So, building product is only 10%, as I said. Marketing, sales and testing is very important. And 
the last and most important thing is our luck. If luck will not be with us, we will not be successful. 
 
So, I cannot give any number. We are working hard. We've worked hard, and we are very 
optimistic. But our major focus is at this moment because services is our bread-butter, so services 
is our major focus. I hope that I have given you the answer. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Just one last clarification on your reply is with Agentic AI solution you've come up with, have 
you outsourced the Agentic AI? Or have you developed it in-house? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
We have developed in-house, but detailed answer, Manish, you can give them. Manish, over to 
you. 
Manish Gurnani: 
Okay. Thanks. So yes, short answer is it is all in-house developed. But like Ratan said, right, 
this Agentic AI needs experience on the product itself. So, you need to know about NiFi before 
you can actually build some AI or then Agentic AI on top of that. So, we have that knowledge. 
That is why we were able to build it. Not that it can be just copied and someone else can build 
it easily. You get my point. 
 
Because we have been working with NiFi and open-source technologies for long, we have that 
knowledge. We are the only company in India of our size to contribute to open source product 
of Apache NiFi. Nobody else does that. We have that level of capability. That is why we have 
been able to build this solution also. And that's why we are doing good also there. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
So, you've not outsourced in a sense this Agentic AI like from these global companies like 
Google or Microsoft, etcetera. You haven't outsourced it from them. It's all in-house. 
Ratan Srivastava: 
No, no. No, hold on. Two parts to this. The LLM is always coming out from one of these giants 
only, the LLM, the language model, that is coming from one of the giants only. See, we cannot 
build our own LLM. That is out of question. But using that LLM, the agent which understands 
the commands and then sends those commands and executes those commands, that is the agent 
part. That part has been done by us. So, we will still use, let's say, Gemini or OpenAI, but the 
agent that has been trained, that is developed by us. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Understood. That's exactly what I wanted to understand. 
Ratan Srivastava: 
So, all the solutions, whoever is developing, whoever is developing, top MNCs, they are using 
LLMs provided by these top giants. No one has their own LLM. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Yes, yes. Fair enough. Exactly what I thought, sir. I just wanted to clarify that. Best of luck. 

 
 
Ksolves India Limited
 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Rajesh Jain from RK Capital. 
Rajesh Jain: 
So, I started tracking the company recently, and I have a few questions on your business model 
and especially on your Odoo practice. So how much of the revenue from Odoo comes from 
India? And what is the profile of your customers in Odoo? Like what kind of turnover and all 
they are having? And what do you feel the long-term prospects of Odoo in India and globally? 
And if you can share the recurring revenue potential from Odoo for the AMC part? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. So, first part of this question, Umang, you answer, then I will try to cover. How much 
percentage? 
Umang Soni: 
More than 80% of our revenue is coming from global clients in Odoo. And overall, it's 78%, but 
more than 80%, 85% is from the Odoo division that comes from overseas markets. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Sorry, more than 80%, 85% of overall revenue or the Odoo revenue comes from overseas 
market? 
Umang Soni: 
Odoo revenue. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Okay. No, no, I was asking that how much of the Odoo revenue is coming from India. 
Umang Soni: 
Okay. So let me again clarify it. Out of the total Odoo revenue, 80%, 85% comes from out of 
India, remaining 10%, 15% comes from India for Odoo. And we are not breaking it technology-
wise. If you ask that how much revenue we have done in Odoo, so it's more than 20% of our 
total revenue. But our services are mixed with other technologies as well. So, we are not tracking 
individually technology-wise revenues. But yes, Odoo is something which is more than 20%. 
Rajesh Jain: 
And what kind of customer profile in India are opting for Odoo? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Most of the time, these are the small companies, but the good thing is that they are the small, but 
revenue is many times recurring. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Okay. No. So their turnover will be typically like INR50 crores, INR100 crores or in what range 
of turnover those customers will be there? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
There are many, many customers, but most of the customers are above INR50 crores. I will not 
say that less than INR50 crores, but above INR50 crores many times. And many of them are 
even good brands also, INR5,000 crores company also, they are using Odoo. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Okay. And what percentage of revenue can be recurring from Odoo? So, I believe the customers 
will be highly sticky. So, if you earn INR100 in the first year, like can you expect to earn 15%, 
20% every year? Like what kind of recurrence can we expect? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Yes, yes. Yes. 10% to 15% approximately many times with the licenses or next module 
implementation or support or whatever, 10% to 15%. 

 
 
Ksolves India Limited
 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Rajesh Jain: 
Okay. And sir, apart from Odoo and overall, in your business, so how are the business inquiries 
on the ground? And how many of the inquiries are moving to third stage, fourth stage and fifth 
stage? Like how are they advancing? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Exact data, I do not have. But for Odoo, we are getting lots of inquiries. Many times, we leave 
the opportunity because of the budget issue because sometimes they are very small, so we leave 
them. But right percentage, I do not have. That I can find out, and if you will drop the e-mail, I 
will send it to you. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Okay. No. So apart from Odoo, how are the other inquiries for your other services and products 
on the ground?  
Ratan Srivastava: 
For Big Data , out of 10, 6 to 7 we convert. For Salesforce, the same ratio. For AI, the same 
ratio. The ratio is less for Odoo because many times very small customers come, and they don't 
have the right kind of a budget, so we leave them. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Okay, sir. Understood. And sir, talking about your product, which you were very bullish on, the 
one of its kind product that you mentioned. So, what will be the revenue model from the product? 
Will it be SaaS-based or it will be onetime license or it will be like pay per use? And will it have 
a compulsory maintenance fee every year? So how are you planning the revenue model? And 
will there be customization opportunities in the product? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. So first of all, I'm not bullish for next quarter or next year. Please do not get confused. It 
is a long-term product, 2 years, 3 years, my vision is with that product. First thing. Second thing 
is that the revenue model is recurring. For first customer, we have charged $50,000, and that is 
the recurring. For second customer, we have charged approximately $10,000 to $20,000, 
between. I do not remember the exact number. It will be recurring. 
 
Right now, we are in early stage. So, we are not charging anything for customization. But after 
getting enough number of customers, definitely, we will charge for the customization also. And 
that is our plan. We will generate revenue by selling the product. And at the same time, we will 
charge them for customization, increase the revenue for services. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Raghav from KamayaKya Wealth Management. 
Raghav: 
This is a follow-up question, sir. I just wanted to understand, you pretty much answered it, but 
just wanted to confirm, what is the average ticket size, like average bill value for this DFM? 
Like you said, INR50,000, is it on an average? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
As I said, at this moment, we are in an early stage, we are giving a huge discount to customers 
so that we can onboard as many as customers. Because there will be word of mouth only and 
only when customers will start using. So, as I said, that INR50,000, then INR16,000 or 
INR18,000, maybe next will be INR6,000 or maybe INR60,000. 
 
So, we don't know because all type of customers are coming, small to medium to large. Problem 
is that the conversion cycle, and this product is something which can affect their business largely 

 
 
Ksolves India Limited
 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
if it will not work as per their expectation. So, they are very cautious about taking decision. So 
that's why I'm saying again and again that most of the things will depend on luck. 
Raghav: 
Right. Fair enough, sir. Sir, my next question would be around the margins. So, I'm assuming 
we will have better margins in product as compared to the service. Is it a fair assumption? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See, I would request you that, for product, we can discuss after 2, 3 quarters. Then I would be 
able to talk more about the revenue from the product side. I am very confident at this moment 
only about the services. 
Raghav: 
Right, right. And sir, just one last thing. Just wanted to understand the cost difference. I know 
it's a bit too early to give it a standard pricing, like INR50,000, INR12,000, INR16,000 if you 
are giving discounts because you are in an early stage. That's completely understandable. Just 
wanted to understand the pricing difference that you have among your peer who is offering the 
same service to the clients. Is it at par? Is it a bit at a cheaper cost? Or is it much at a premium 
side? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Manish, if I say 7x to 8x, they are costly, and they have very less feature as compared to us, so 
is this the correct statement? 
Manish Gurnani: 
Easily. 
Raghav: 
So, 7x to 8x, they are costlier? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
They have a very less feature. 
Raghav: 
There was some unclarity, sir. 7 to 8x, our peers are more costly. 
Manish Gurnani: 
They are more expensive than us. 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See, as I said that, no one has this solution. If anyone has this solution, just 10% to 15% solution. 
And second thing that no one has Agentic AI. 
Raghav: 
Right. Okay, sir. And sir, lastly, when I ask... 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Give me one second because I talk too much about this product. I don't want to create any 
confusion. For product revenue, I do not have any idea for next few quarters. I would be able to 
speak more about the revenue and future of this DFM after 2, 3 quarters. 
Raghav: 
Understood, sir. All the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Sir, on the product side, you said you don't want to talk about revenue framework. So, can we 
talk about how much cost are we incurring on it right now? And on basis of quarterly run rate or 
yearly run rate, how much do we expect cost to come in? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
In the product development? 

 
 
Ksolves India Limited
 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Ankur Kumar: 
Yes. Product development as well as marketing, yes. 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Very less. As compared to our sales, it is very less. Very less. It is not going to affect our 
EBITDA. 
Ankur Kumar: 
So basically, this expense or losses will not impact the software side of the business. 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Yes. Yes, yes. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Got it, sir. And maybe last question would be on the service side, can you talk about demand 
environment given there are geographically things are a bit volatile in terms of U.S. tariff and 
all demand side issues? Can you talk about that, please? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See, I'm listening this question, I think, for the last 7 to 8 quarters. And again, I will repeat, we 
are working on the niche technology. So, demand is not problem for us. Problem is supply. Good 
resources, finding good resources. But again, that problem we can solve in the next few quarters 
by using AI. 
 
We are using AI for internally also. So, it is helping us to increase efficiency by not hiring too 
many resources. So, I hope that answer this. But this U.S. problem is not affecting the business. 
If we would have been in U.S., our engineers, suppose if we could have been engineers in the 
U.S., definitely. But I'm not sure, fortunately or unfortunately, we have offshore business only. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Rajesh Jain from RK Capital. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand so to what percentage of our customers are we able to cross-sell 
our services and products, like selling Salesforce solution to an Odoo customer or vice versa or 
any other service? Like are we mining our customers for cross-selling? And how successful we 
are at it? 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. Percentage exactly, maybe Umang can tell you, but it is huge. Many times, customers 
came for Odoo, they have given us opportunity for AI. Many times, customers came for 
Salesforce, then they have given us opportunity for Big Data. So cross-sell and upsell is very 
huge. But exact number, Umang, if you have one, then you can give; otherwise, can answer later 
on. 
Umang Soni: 
No, as I told in my earlier answer that it's a blend of services most customers are taking. Suppose 
if someone is coming for products, then they are exploring services. In services, they are coming 
for Salesforce, then they are merging sometimes Big Data, Odoo or maybe other technologies 
as well, open source. So, it's a blend of everything. 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Many times, customers start from the small. I still remember one customer who is in our top 5 
right now, that customer started 3 years before with 3, 4 resources, right, or maybe 5 resources. 
Right now, the annual number is approximately between INR25 crores to INR28 crores with 
that customer. This is one example. So, a company like us, they start from the small amount of 
the work with the good customers. This answer I have given multiple times, in every concall. 
When they see that we are able to deliver, they increase the work.  

 
 
Ksolves India Limited
 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Rajesh Jain: 
Okay. And sir, last question, what is your total client base? Like how many customers you are 
serving from the smallest to the largest? What would be the number of clients, India and overseas 
combined? 
Umang Soni: 
So, on services side, our clients would be around more than 200. 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Umang, I could not understand what is the question? 
Umang Soni: 
More than 200 active clients on services side. 
Ratan Srivastava: 
No, no. I think he has used large and small. Total customer. 
Umang Soni: 
Yes, total. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Yes, yes, I'm asking total, including very small customers, yes. 200 is the total number. Or you 
are cross-checking? 
Umang Soni: 
200 plus. 
Ratan Srivastava: 
200-plus is the number. But if I define your question, then question should be that 60% revenue 
is contributing by how many customers. Then, Umang, can you answer on this? 60%, 70% or 
50%? 
Umang Soni: 
I would say, 15, 20 customers, which contribute around over 60% of our revenue. And these 
customers are mostly large enterprise clients only. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Ratan Srivastava: 
So, thank you, everyone, for joining the call. And thank you, Pratik and Ryan for organizing this 
first Chorus Call. This was my first experience, but it went well. I was nervous because before 
this, I have always given a video call. So anyway, thank you. 
 
And today, we have received Best Place to Work award also, which I have already covered in 
my statement speech. And this is something which shows that we are not generating only the 
revenue, also we have a good working environment. We have happy employees also. 
 
So today, I'm very happy. I mean, it is something which is rewarding me that I'm doing good for 
my employees and in my operations. So, thank you and thank you to everyone for believing on 
us. And I hope that we will do better than this time in future. We will try our best. Okay. Thank 
you, everyone.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ksolves India Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
