 
 
 
 
CC/S&B/AND/2025-26/853 
 
 
 
 
                   13.02.2026 
 
 
Madam / Sir, 
 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015  
Transcript of Analyst Meet 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we submit the 
transcript of the Q3FY26 post results Analyst Meet held on 07.02.2026. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
   
                                                                                          
                    
                                                                                          
(Aruna N Dak) 
DGM (Compliance & Company Secretary)  
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Listing Department,   
BSE Limited,  
Phiroje Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
25th Floor, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001  
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, ‘G’ Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051  
 
BSE SCRIP Code: 500112 
 
NSE SCRIP Code: SBIN 
ARUNA 
N DAK
Digitally signed 
by ARUNA N DAK 
Date: 2026.02.13 
15:32:03 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 Q3FY26 
ANALYST MEET 
TRANSCRIPT 
07.02.2026 
 
MANAGEMENT  
MR. C S SETTY 
CHAIRMAN, STATE BANK OF INDIA 
 
MR. ASHWINI KUMAR TEWARI 
MANAGING DIRECTOR (CORPORATE BANKING AND SUBSIDIARIES) 
 
MR. RANA ASHUTOSH KUMAR SINGH 
MANAGING DIRECTOR (INTERNATIONAL BANKING, GLOBAL MARKETS & 
TECHNOLOGY) 
 
MR. RAMA MOHAN RAO AMARA 
MANAGING DIRECTOR (RETAIL BUSINESS & OPERATIONS) 
 
MR. RAVI RANJAN 
MANAGING DIRECTOR (RISK, COMPLIANCE AND STRESSED ASSETS 
RESOLUTION GROUP) 
 
MR. ANINDYA SUNDER PAUL 
DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR (FINANCE) 
 
MR. A RAVI SHANKAR 
CHIEF GENERAL MANAGER (FINANCIAL CONTROL) 
 
MR. PAWAN KUMAR 
GENERAL MANAGER (PERFORMANCE, PLANNING & REVIEW) 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 2 of 27 
 
Mr. Pawan Kumar - General Manager (Performance, Planning and Review), State 
Bank of India 
 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  
 
I am Pawan Kumar - General Manager, Performance Planning and Review Department 
of the Bank. On behalf of the State Bank of India, I am delighted to welcome the 
analysts, investors, colleagues and everyone present here today on the occasion of the 
declaration of the Q3 FY26 results of the Bank.  
 
I also extend a very warm welcome to all the people who are accessing the event 
through our live webcast. 
 
We have with us, on the stage, our Chairman Sir - Shri C.S. Setty, our Managing 
Director, Corporate Banking and Subsidiaries - Shri Ashwini Kumar Tewari, our 
Managing Director, International Banking, Global Markets and Technology - Shri Rana 
Ashutosh Kumar Singh, our Managing Director, Retail Business and Operations - Shri 
Rama Mohan Rao Amara, our Managing Director, Risk Compliance and SARG - Shri 
Ravi Ranjan, our Deputy Managing Director, Finance - Shri Anindya Sunder Paul, 
Deputy Managing Directors heading various verticals and Managing Directors of our 
subsidiaries are seated in the front rows of this hall. We are also joined by Chief General 
Managers of different verticals/business groups, General Managers and other senior 
officials of the circles and various offices are connected through our live webcast.  
 
To carry forward the proceedings, I request our Chairman Sir to give a summary of the 
Bank's Q3 FY26 performance and the strategic initiatives undertaken. We shall 
thereafter straight away go to the Question & Answer session. However, before I request 
Chairman Sir, I would like to read out the Safe Harbour Statement.  
 
Certain statements in today's presentation may be forward-looking statements. These 
statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to 
uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual outcomes may differ materially from 
those included in these statements due to a variety of factors.  
 
Thank you. Now, I would request Chairman Sir for his opening remarks. Chairman Sir, 
please. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Thank you.  
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for today's Analyst Meet 
following the announcement of the Bank's Q3 FY26 results.  
At SBI, we have remained consistently focused on strengthening the fundamentals that 
create sustainable value for all stakeholders. Our performance in the Q3 FY26 reflects 
continuity, consistency and the enduring strength of our franchise. I will begin with a 
brief overview of the global and domestic economic environment, followed by an update 
on the Bank's performance.  
 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 3 of 27 
Despite heightened geopolitical tensions and elevated global uncertainty, the Indian 
economy remains well-positioned, supported by strong macroeconomic fundamentals 
and a benign inflation environment. Global growth is projected at around 3.3% in 2025-
26, while India continues to outperform, with real GDP growth expected at about 7.4% 
in FY26. India's potential growth remains close to 7%, with FY27 growth projected in 
the range of 6.8% to 7.2%. Growth is expected to remain resilient in FY27.  
 
The Union budget reinforces the government's commitment to inclusive and accelerated 
growth under the vision of Viksit Bharat 2047, with a proposed capital expenditure of Rs 
12.2 trillion, providing strong support to infrastructure and investment. On the external 
front, services exports are expected to remain resilient, while the merchandise exports 
should benefit from the recently concluded and prospective trade agreements, although 
geopolitical risk and global market volatility remain key downside risks. The Indian 
financial system continues to remain strong and resilient, with robust capital, liquidity, 
asset quality and profitability across banks and NBFCs.  
 
Alongside the numbers, we are strengthening the structural drivers of sustainable 
profitability, productivity, capital efficiency and risk-adjusted growth commensurate with 
SBI's scale. Our long-term ambition is aligned with Viksit Bharat 2047, and our strategy 
is anchored around a long-term horizon with continuous investments in people, 
processes, products and technology.  
 
The new YONO represents a fundamental redesign of our digital operating model 
through YONOisation of the bank. Beyond acquisition, the focus is on lowering cost to 
serve, enhancing customer value and improving lifetime value. Scaling YONO from 10 
crore registered users to 20 crores over the next 2 to 3 years is expected to support 
operating leverage and ROA sustainability.  
 
CHAKRA, our Centre of Excellence for Sunrise Sectors, institutionalises our ability to 
support prudent capital allocation in emerging segments. We have initiated, as I 
mentioned last time, a process simplification and a phased deployment of nearly 10,000 
Seva Sarathis, our floor coordinators at high-footfall branches, for migrating routine 
transactions through digital channels. Collectively, these initiatives support consistent 
performance across cycles with growth that is profitable, well-capitalised and prudently 
risk managed.  
 
On the performance front, I am happy to share that the bank has declared the highest-
ever quarterly net profit of Rs. 21,028 crore and total business have crossed Rs. 103 
trillion, reflecting customers' continued trust in us. The net profit is up by 24.49% year-
on-year, driven by higher operating profitability and lower credit costs at 0.29%. The 
operating profit is Rs. 32,862 crores, up 39.54% year-on-year. The net interest income 
is Rs. 45,190 crores, up 9% year-on-year, while the domestic NIM stands at 3.12% for 
the quarter.  
 
Bank's total deposit growth has remained healthy with 9.02% year-on-year, along with 
current account registering growth in double digits at 10.32%, with CASA ratio at 39.13% 
despite very competitive market environment. Retail term deposits have grown by a 
robust 14.54%. Deposits of our foreign offices have also grown well at 8.32% year-on-
year.  
 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 4 of 27 
The credit growth was up 15.14% year-on-year as of December ‘25, which was driven 
by all the segments registering growth. The domestic credit deposit ratio was at 72.98% 
at the end of Q3, an improvement of 404 basis points year-on-year. All the components 
of RAM – Retail, Agriculture and SME, have witnessed robust growth. The corporate 
credit has seen a rebound and has grown by 13.37%. The asset quality continues to be 
industry-leading, with gross NPAs at 1.57%, improving by 50 basis points, and net NPA 
at 0.39%, improving by 14 basis points. Notably, the PCR was up 88 basis points year-
on-year to 75.54%. The NPAs continue to be at its lowest level in over two decades, 
which demonstrates the quality of our loan portfolio, disciplined credit practices, 
underwriting capability and sustained recoveries.  
 
The bank remains well capitalised, and the capital adequacy ratio has improved by 101 
basis points year-on-year and stands at 14.04%, which is well above the regulatory 
minimum requirements. Further, our subsidiaries continue to demonstrate consistent 
performance and strengthen value for all our stakeholders with their expansion of digital 
channels, innovative products and enhanced customer experience.  
 
On the digital front, we have continued to make steady and meaningful progress. We 
see digital transformation as a continuous journey of evolution, and YONO remains 
central to this journey, with over 9.65 crore registered customers and registrations for 
our new YONO crossing the 3 crore mark within a short period of one month since its 
launch, reflecting strong and sustained adoption. Digital channels are now firmly 
embedded in our customers' behaviour.  
 
While we are encouraged by our performance in Q3, we remain mindful of structural 
shifts in the financial system, particularly the increasing financialization of household 
savings. Over time, this trend will gradually reshape bank balance sheets towards more 
diversified and market-based funding, supported by greater innovation and deeper 
integration of digital platforms. At SBI, we are proactively adapting by strengthening our 
liability franchise, increasing our share of current accounts, and leveraging YONO to 
enhance customer acquisition and retention. Our strategy is forward-looking, focused 
on technology and analytics to remain competitive and future-ready. We remain sharply 
focused on efficiency and return metrics, with our ROA consistently greater than 1% 
and ROE at 20.68% at the end of Q3.  
 
SBI is among the very few global financial institutions capable of sustaining a ROA of 
over 1% at this scale, with an advances book of approximately Rs 47 trillion. 
Investments of about Rs 17 trillion, deposits of around Rs 57 trillion and a balance sheet 
size of nearly Rs 72 trillion. Our strong asset quality reflects disciplined, risk-adjusted 
lending and portfolio resilience, while robust internal capital generation supports future 
CET1 accretion and long-term growth. Our people remain central to this journey, 
supported through focused training, continuous upskilling and an inclusive work culture, 
ensuring a skilled and motivated workforce in a rapidly evolving banking landscape.  
 
To conclude, I would like to thank all of you once again for your continued support and 
engagement with the bank. Our priorities remain firmly aligned with supporting India's 
economic growth, while creating long-term sustainable value for all stakeholders. My 
team and I will now be happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 5 of 27 
Mr. Pawan Kumar - General Manager (Performance, Planning and Review), State 
Bank of India 
 
Thank you, Chairman Sir.  
 
We now invite questions from the audience. For the benefit of all, we request you to 
kindly mention your name and company before asking the questions. To accommodate 
all the questions, we request you to restrict your questions to maximum two at a time. 
Also, kindly restrict your questions to the financial results only and no questions be 
asked about specific accounts, please. In case you have additional questions, the same 
can be asked at the end. We now proceed with the Question & Answer session.  
 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Chairman, Ajcon Global 
 
Compliments to you, Sir, for yet another good quarter, rather one of the best quarter, 
profitability point of view, even asset quality point of view and even business growth 
point of view, which in the earlier 1st and 2nd Quarter was, I mean, not subdued but better 
than that in this quarter compliments for the same.  
 
Having said that, on profitability, in the last quarter we had that exceptional profit of the 
sale of Yes Bank shares. But in spite of that, this quarter's profit is matching the last 
quarter's profit. The main component which I see here is that on investment profit and 
revaluation. Baseline income has gone up by Rs. 5,154 crores against Rs. 2,897 crores, 
and also the forex and derivatives. So, about Rs. 2,500 to Rs. 3,000 is that component. 
So, what has contributed to this profit, because, but for that Rs. 4,500 crores of Yes 
Bank, the profit should have been lower in this quarter as compared to last quarter of 
about Rs. 3,000 crores. This is first. 
 
Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India  
 
First question. I am just waiting for the next question, Ajmera saab. Please, go ahead. 
You want me to answer this first and then we will move on? 
 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Chairman, Ajcon Global 
 
If he permits me, shall I?  
 
Mr. Pawan Kumar - General Manager (Performance, Planning and Review), State 
Bank of India 
 
One more question, please.  
 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Chairman, Ajcon Global 
Okay. Another one, that in the last quarter, the business growth was very good, 
especially the credit growth. And now having achieved that, would you revise your 
targets for the credit especially so as to have the proper estimate of the profitability for 
the whole of FY26 going forward when the bank is doing well?  

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 6 of 27 
One or two more things, that our loan book has grown phenomenally at a very high 
speed, as well as the personal loans have also grown. So, can you give some color 
going forward on the overall credit growth segment-wise?  
 
And one observation is that this non-NPA provision of about Rs. 30,642 crores, this is 
basically beyond the requirement as per the IRAC. So, is it to take care of the ECL or 
to take care of any chunky account which you are looking, or is it a floating provision 
you want to continue and rather increase it in future? 
 
Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India  
 
Thank you, Ajmera saab for the good words which you mentioned. The profitability in 
Q3 has come from many levers. I did mention in Q1 and Q2 that both on the growth side 
as well as on the profitability side, SBI has many levers and we will continue to use 
them. If you see our fee-based income, I think most of these segments have shown 
good growth i.e. cross-sell, up-sell, government business, LC business also is 
remaining, and fee-based income in terms of processing charges, and recovering 
written off accounts, and more importantly the credit growth across the segments. Apart 
from that, we also have focused on moderating the cost of resources, which has given 
the uptick in the net interest income. Net interest income growth of 9% is a combination 
of both, containing the cost of resources as well as the credit growth which has 
happened.  
 
If I have to talk about one-off, I think the one item which is a special dividend we have 
received, around Rs. 2,200 crores from SBI Mutual Fund. Even to net off this one-off, I 
think we have done fairly well in every area. And also, the modest credit costs contribute 
to the uptick in the profitability.  
 
We also focused on moderating the operating expenses. While our staff costs are 
broadly rigid, we try to reduce the cost of overheads and that also has been one of the 
reasons why you see the good profitability. 
 
And the credit growth advice, we had given 12% to 14% credit guidance earlier, we are 
revising that upwards to 13% to 15% for the current quarter. We will give a full year 
guidance when we meet again in Q1. But for the current year, this current quarter we 
are revising our credit growth estimate to 13% to 15% based on the trend which we 
have seen in the current quarter so far.  
 
Segment-wise credit growth, I think the growth has been secular, if you see the slides. 
Particularly, we had given the guidance that we would be having a double-digit corporate 
credit growth in Q3 and we hope to continue that double-digit growth in the corporate 
side in Q4 also, which means that RAM would significantly be contributing to the growth. 
We also see that corporate book growing in double-digits, which means that our 
guidance of 13% to 15% is coming from all the segments.  
 
Non-NPA provisions, the COVID provision, Rs. 3,500 crores is continuing, and there 
are some proactive provisions which we have done account specific, but this broadly is 
also standard asset provision. So, the idea of presenting this is that we have the ability 
to take care of any untoward incidents and the way we want to manage the balance 
sheet. It's not that this is being built for the ECL, that's not the idea.  

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 7 of 27 
  
Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Chairman, Ajcon Global 
 
Just one more point. Sir, we have given the break-up of the AUCA account of Rs. 
1,62,464 crores. Beyond 10 years is Rs.23,000 odd crores. Five years, Rs. 87,000 
crores, and below five years, Rs. 51,000 crores. So, in order to get the proper colour for 
the recovery from the written off accounts, what kind of strategy and efforts which we 
are having? Like beyond 10 years, what is the possibility? What kind of those accounts 
are between 5 and 10? And below 5, why not we have a higher percentage of recovery? 
Because if you see the underwriting quality in during last 5 years, I think your entire 
current 5 years loan book to NPA, just a guess work, maybe even less than 0.75 or 1%. 
I mean, the way I look at the current thing. So, from recovery point of view, 5 years from 
the date of NPA to that beyond 5 years. But still more recovery or better chances. So, 
how do we look at it? 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
In the recent slippages, you would definitely have better recoveries. In fact, much of the 
run rate what we are witnessing around Rs. 2,000 crores per quarter, is also coming 
from the recent slippages i.e. recent write offs, which means around 2 to 3 year old. 
You're right, I think less than 5 year written off accounts will have a better recovery. But 
the most appropriate way is to look at the portfolio level. And what we have given earlier 
guidance also, we are still seeking 6 to 8% recovery, which is possible in this portfolio, 
not beyond that. While the age-wise there could be some higher recovery and low 
recovery or there could not be any recovery at all in some of the accounts, it is better to 
assume that we are looking at 6 to 8% recovery overall. So, I think we still stick to that 
guidance, Ajmera saab. 
 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Chairman, Ajcon Global 
 
Thank you, sir.  
 
Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama  
 
Hello sir, congratulations. Sir, I had a couple of questions. Firstly, in terms of your NIM 
outlook, longer term and even for the 4th Quarter, earlier I think there was a guidance 
that NIM would be about 3% in the 4th Quarter. So, does that still hold? And is there 
scope for cost of funds to come down further? That's part of the same question. So, NIM 
outlook for 4th Quarter and longer term with focus on cost of funds.  
 
And secondly, in fees, the CVE income has grown very sharply. So, any comments you 
wanted to make on that? Because it's a sharp growth QoQ and YoY.  
 
And just one more question, what would have been the interest on income tax refunds 
for this quarter and for last quarter?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
On the NIM front, we're still sticking, without calling it a short term, long term NIM. We 
have said that the exit NIM for the current year would be about 3%, and our long-term 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 8 of 27 
guidance is 3% through the cycles. I think we'll stick to that. There could be some upside 
here and there, but it is fair to assume that about 3% guidance holds good, both for the 
Q4, that means FY 26 exit NIM and FY 27-28 NIM also. We are sticking to that 3% 
guidance.  
 
On the CVE income, there has been good growth in terms of Life Insurance. The GST 
benefit we have seen. The number of policies sold has also increased, which has 
contributed. And also, the trail income from the mutual fund has gone up. So, there is a 
secular movement in terms of the CVE. CVE is basically the cross-sale income. That 
has been a good growth story. We also enhanced the number of products which are 
made available through our counters and on the YONO channel. That also has 
contributed to the growth in the CVE income.  
 
Interest on the IT refund, you have the numbers ready, please. 
  
Mr. A. S. Paul – Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
Quarter 3, interest on income tax refund was Rs. 769 crores and the similar amount last 
quarter was Rs. 372 crores. 
  
Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama  
 
Okay, sir. And cost of funds? Scope for deposit cost to come down further? 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
I think, what we have done strategically is that we focus more on the retail deposits, we 
have not moved to the wholesale deposits. Even in the wholesale deposits, we moved 
more into bulk card rate deposits. That means they are almost equivalent to the retail 
term deposit rates. We have seen a good growth on the card rate, we have not gone 
aggressive on the differential interest rate or high-cost deposits. That has also helped 
us in terms of containing the costs. But we should also remember that 39% CASA at 
this level is also contributing to bringing down the costs. We got the full benefit of 
Savings Bank reduction in interest rate to 2.5. Current account 10% growth rate is also 
helping us to contain the cost of funds. Broadly, the cost of funds will remain at this level 
for the Q4 also. We do not want to go beyond Q4, I think we will take a call in the Q1.  
 
We may have to see how the credit growth is going to play out because all these trade 
deals are extremely positive. So, there would be definitely an improved credit climate. 
While Q1 of any financial year is generally a slow quarter, we will take a call in terms of 
how our deposit strategy will play out, while we have adequate liquidity and as well as 
capital buffers to support the credit growth. 
 
Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama   
 
Thank you, sir.  
 
Mr. Jai Mundhra – ICICI Securities 
 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 9 of 27 
Sir, just continuing on the previous question, you said that COF (cost of funds) may 
remain stable, right? Is it because the bulk deposit rates in the system, they have 
actually shot up in the last 2-3 months? Is that one of the reasons, because otherwise, 
your retail deposits should keep repricing, right? Because, what you had done in June-
July months, that should continue to flow through. So, why would the cost of funds be 
stable until and unless there are some moving parts, some portion of the deposits where 
the rates are a bit higher?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
No, the retail term deposits are also high even after repricing. See, broadly, the book 
has got repriced. Only last reduction in interest rate will be available for another 6 to 8 
months, probably the repricing will happen. What I am seeing is that the stabilization of 
the interest rates on the retail term deposits also, there is nothing much we will be able 
to reduce. And that shows again, what kind of deposit mobilization we need to do going 
forward if the credit growth comes. So, Q4, I think broadly the numbers remains. There 
could be some repricing going forward, because what we have done in the last quarter, 
the interest rate reduction, will play out for some time. But I broadly believe that the 
reduction in the cost of funds is unlikely. We will be maintaining at this level, maybe if 
we are able to mobilize a little more current accounts, generally which happens in the 
Q4, it may help us to moderate the cost of funds.  
 
Mr. Jai Mundhra – ICICI Securities 
 
And Sir, on Xpress credit, now the portfolio has grown at 3-4% QoQ. We have been 
maintaining that there is a decent good pickup in the disbursement. Sir, actually what 
would help is, if you can give the absolute rupees crore number in disbursement, 
because that will give the trend line. Because the portfolio behaviour may be slowly to 
see the growth, but if you can share the disbursement number in Xpress credit, that will 
give more clarity.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
We do not disclose what kind of disbursements we do on each product. I think that is 
not appropriate. What we are seeking is that we were hoping to have a double-digit 
growth in Xpress credit. There seems to be some movement towards gold loan, may 
not be significant, some of these corporate salary packages, as these products are 
available only for the salary account holders. We are seeing that part of that salary 
holder segment has availed gold loan, which they would have otherwise taken the 
Xpress credit. It is for two reasons: One is the value of gold has gone up, so the amount 
of gold loan which they can get has increased, and the rate differential is significant. So, 
that has probably not resulted in the expected growth rate. But the very fact that we are 
able 
to 
manage 
this 
portfolio 
at 
this 
level, 
which 
means 
that 
our 
sanctions/disbursements are robust.  
 
Mr. Jai Mundhra – ICICI Securities 
 
And lastly on gold loan, I think there is a 95% YoY increase in the portfolio. Is this entire 
organic or there is some reclassification from Agri-gold to retail gold? And what are the 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 10 of 27 
risk mitigants here in the sense that what is the origination LTV and maybe the book 
LTV, because prices have been rising one way only?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
We do a deep dive on this portfolio every day. We monitor the LTVs. There was some 
shift from Agri-gold loan to personal gold loan, but it shifted back after RBI clarified on 
the Agri-gold loan. I think that shift is not happening too much. So, I think that is not a 
major worry. 
  
And the personal gold loan LTVs, it’s not only about the portfolio LTV. Sometimes 
portfolio LTV could be misleading, because some two years ago somebody has taken 
the gold loan when the price was low, then the outstanding versus the value would be 
significantly lower. But we bucket them, both on the vintage as well as in terms of the 
amount. We see that the LTVs are extremely modest and we have sufficient room in 
terms of the LTVs. For instance, I think in Agri-gold loan, the average LTV is 54.89%, 
and in case of personal gold loan, it is 51%. Even if you take the latest vintage also, we 
don’t go overboard on the LTVs, there is an adequate margin available on them. 
  
Another data point which I would like to give to you is that the number of gold loans 
auctioned is just about 20-30 in a huge portfolio of gold loans what we have. That means 
even if the price fluctuation is there or the margin, if you have to ask someone the margin 
call, we do not call it margin call, but we found that nobody allows this account to become 
NPA. They just ensure that they pay off the loan. So, this portfolio is holding up very 
well. There is no concern on this.  
 
Mr. Jai Mundhra – ICICI Securities 
 
Sir, what is the Agri-gold loan book, sir, if you may have? Retail we have given. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Agri-gold loan as on December is Rs. 1.44 Lakh crores. 
  
Mr. Jai Mundhra – ICICI Securities 
 
Thank you and all the very best, sir. 
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey – Indus Equity Advisors  
 
First of all, congratulations to team SBI for a great performance. Sir, you had rightly 
called that the RBI reduction cycle has bottomed out. It may not look anything negative, 
and the interest rates can be flat upwards now. Current volatility is led by global factors 
mainly. GST has been a benefit, budget has been a benefit, the EU and the US trade 
would benefit. How are you seeing the scenario balancing on the rate cycle and the 
credit outlook based on all these parameters in the current year?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 11 of 27 
On the credit side, I think it’s extremely positive. One is, the system itself will get 
benefited with the positivity, which is created on the trade deals, on the GST, on the 
income tax, on the monetary measures what have been announced. More importantly, 
SBI is well positioned in capitalizing on all these positive developments. That is also one 
of the reasons why I have given the revised guidance on the credit growth. So, if you 
see even budgetary announcements on the infrastructure side, and we are also looking 
at what kind of infrastructure guarantee which will come. MSME, for instance, the 
CHAKRA what I mentioned in terms of the sunrise sectors, many sectors have been 
mentioned in the budget itself. That means, our thought process is completely aligned 
with what the government initiatives are. So, to that extent, I think SBI is well positioned. 
 
We also are a very large player in MSME with 15 to 16% market share and growing. I 
believe that SBI will get benefited in supporting MSME growth, on the champion 
MSMEs. Even before the government announced champion MSMEs, internally, we 
have started categorizing, which are these MSMEs which have huge growth potential. 
We try to categorize them into platinum, gold, and support them proactively in terms of 
their growth technology and the market linkages. So, many things what we are trying to 
do with MSME, aligns well with the positive developments which have happened.  
 
So, I believe that we are on the right path in terms of the credit growth, and we are on 
the right path in terms of, both in India as well as cross-border opportunities which will 
emerge on account of these trade deals. 
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey – Indus Equity Advisors  
 
Second question sir, led by all the factors, are you sensing, government has given 
positive policy on data centre, which means renewable will be required on a larger 
number. Nuclear is being talked about. Shipbuilding is being spoken about. Are we 
getting any green shoots early, whether it’s SBI capital markets assessing or internally 
on credit? That ticket size which used to be Rs. 2,000 – Rs. 5,000 crore project would 
be Rs. 30,000 – Rs. 50,000 crore kind of projects?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
We are active in data centre financing. The mega data centres which are announced, 
still have to come with a business plan. But I think wherever data centre capacities are 
being created, we are part of that journey. 
  
In terms of the other sectors, you are right, I think there will be a good amount of demand 
for green energy for these data centres. Renewable energy is one of the important 
segments which we are focusing on. Incidentally, our green portfolio has reached Rs. 1 
lakh crores, which constitutes renewable energy predominantly. Which means that 
these growth opportunities are definitely being considered by us.  
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey – Indus Equity Advisors  
 
Sir, your subsidiaries’ contribution to the balance sheet is on uptick, specifically led by 
dividend, you said, of SBI mutual fund. Is this number on a higher growth trajectory or it 
will remain flat?  
 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 12 of 27 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Higher growth trajectory? 
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey – Indus Equity Advisors  
 
It will show higher contribution or…?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
We definitely hope that.  You know, the subsidies are doing very well. And they are also 
investing heavily into digitalization, customer-oriented initiatives. I don’t know how much 
SBI Life talks to the investors, I would like to point out one major activity SBI Life does 
beyond the profits i.e. Prime Minister’s Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojaga. The PMJJBY, which 
is the micro-insurance which is provided to financial inclusion customers through the 
banking channel SBI, we have 47% market share in the PMJJBY and fully anchored by 
SBI Life. And there is absolutely no complaints in terms of settlement. They are at the 
top of the category in terms of providing customer service. Service at scale, is something 
what SBI Life is able to achieve, and Banca is going to play an important role in this.  
 
We are also seeing the same trend continuing in non-life, mutual funds, credit card 
business. The combination of their digitalisation, their underwriting processes, their 
customer orientation is helping us to increase our CVE income also.  
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey – Indus Equity Advisors  
 
Sir, can this income double in 3 years?   
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Our idea is that we set a target of billion dollars for CVE income. If the rupee stays where 
it is, I think we should be able to reach that $1 billion CVE income soon.  
 
Mr. Sushil Choksey – Indus Equity Advisors  
 
Thank you for answering all my questions.  
 
Mr. Chintan Joshi – Autonomous  
  
Sir, can we remain on that topic of growth? With the trade deal, you know, there's a 
scope for corporate led expansion, and you have the capacity on your balance sheet to 
grow. Where could you take your LDR ratio if there's credit demand coming, be it trade 
deals or improving economy? And within that, if you do grow corporate loans, do they 
act as a drag on your NIMs? Or are you able to link it with CASA growth and get it back 
some other way? Because traditionally, corporate loans would be a drag on your NIMs. 
That would be helpful colour on that topic.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 13 of 27 
If you see in the Q3 performance, we have had almost more than 15% corporate credit 
growth. We have not compromised on the margins. We have ensured that the NIM 
guidance what we have given is maintained despite 13% credit growth coming from the 
corporate side, which means that, philosophy of pricing the risk properly will continue. I 
think we never deviate from that. We also have ensured that the ecosystem banking in 
the corporate side is strengthened further. 
 
Today, I just want to tell you an inside story that any corporate underwriting today, we 
have a checklist of 22 items which we monitor, whether we have clear engagement on 
these 22 non-funding areas. Whether it is cash management, whether it is salary 
accounts, whether it is letters of credit or foreign exchange. So, the awareness on the 
operating level has moved from corporate lending to corporate banking, in a very 
significant manner. And the sensitivity towards this engagement is intense now. Which 
gives us confidence that even if we have to compromise on some pricing on a corporate, 
it would be purely based on what is the value which we are generating from the 
corporate. So, I do not think we should have any concern in terms of margin 
compression with the corporate growth book coming back in a very significant manner, 
as we approved in Q3 also. We are very sensitive to the value creation from our 
corporate relationship. 
 
And I am very glad to say that corporates are also responding in a similar fashion. Some 
of the products which they were never using from SBI, we have improved the product 
profile, product delivery, and then they are too happy to take the products from us. It is 
a long journey, but I think we are there in the right direction. 
 
On the LDRs, I mean the credit deposit ratio, I think we do not want to give a guidance. 
Obviously, it is an evolving situation. In the short term, we are very confident that the 
credit growth, whatever we are envisaging 13% - 15% will be comfortably be met by our 
liquidity as well as capital ratios. 
 
Mr. Chintan Joshi – Autonomous 
 
Sir, the reason I asked the question was because there was a 3.2% increase in LDR 
ratio this quarter and NIMs are broadly flat. Now, I understand your international NIMs 
are down, but a 3.2% increase in LDR should be associated with better NIMS. That is 
why I asked that question. 
  
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
3.2% LDR is also coming from the working capital drawdown. Typically, working capital 
loans do not give the yield pickup as much as you expect. It is not coming from the term 
loans alone. So, the working capital loans are reasonably priced, and these are high 
quality exposures, which is also one of the reasons. 
 
And one more important thing which I keep talking about is, you look at our RWAs. 
Despite this growth, we have not significantly enhanced our RWAs. That is also one of 
the reasons why you do not see the commensurate pickup in our margins.We play very 
cautiously on the risk side also.  
 
Mr. Chintan Joshi – Autonomous Research: 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 14 of 27 
Sir, second question was on the question from Jai on cost of funds. Wouldn’t it be a 
failure of transmission if the Q4 deposits from last year did not reprice this year and 
gave a benefit on cost of funds? Because we have seen a December rate cut that is 
struggling to pass-through on the liability side, not just from what you are indicating, but 
also for the system, which leads to margin contraction because the EBLR book reprices. 
So, how do you see that puzzle? There should be transmission from that fourth quarter 
last year to the fourth quarter this year, would be my guess. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
December rate cut has not resulted in any repricing of deposits.  
 
Mr. Chintan Joshi – Autonomous 
 
No, it has not. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
So, technically that transmission did not happen on the deposit side. Well, it had 
happened on the asset side. So, the overall transmission if you see, I think the Governor 
has also mentioned on the stock it is only 45 basis point. And on the incremental 
deposits, I think the passing on of the interest rate on the deposits would be around 90-
95 basis points is something what happened. The full transmission is unlikely to happen 
on the deposit side. So, the repricing which benefited, I think 75 to 80% repricing has 
already happened.  
 
Mr. Chintan Joshi – Autonomous  
 
Sir, exactly the point, 45 going to 80 should reflect in your balance sheet next quarter 
as well.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
It will reflect in this quarter definitely. But it may not be very significant, that is what I was 
trying to say.  
 
Mr. Chintan Joshi – Autonomous Research: 
 
Thank you. 
 
Mr. Manoj Alimchandani  
 
Excellent Q3 numbers, just magic. Hats off to the management team and all the 
employees. Really wonderful.  
 
Now, couple of questions. One is, would like to know your thoughts, particularly for the 
branch expansion globally in the United States and EU with the kind of sentiments totally 
turning around, it seems we should have a greater share of the global pie in business. 
Apparently banking we are at the top, and you also are number one consumer banker 
globally, right. We talked about that. 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 15 of 27 
 
So, your thoughts, we would expect it should be, may not be too early, just your thoughts 
ultimately you have to execute it. There could be a good scope for substantial increase 
in number of branches/regions globally. It can I think maybe a scope for more than 
doubling in the next three years. 
 
Next thing is our leadership, has been contributing to banking sector in a great way, 
particularly recent couple of last month's announcements, our MDs are heading - Arijit 
Basu, Chairman of IndusInd Bank, number five bank in India, and Vijay also the CEO 
of Yes Bank.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Vinay. 
 
Mr. Manoj Alimchandani  
 
So, two great contributions number five and number six contributed by SBI. But 
surprisingly, we were all wondering what happened that we need a CFO from outside? 
Advertisement for a contract arrangement came, it came out of the blue. When we have 
the topmost leaders, we need to contribute CFOs to the top 10 banks globally. So, if 
you can just share your thoughts on that. 
 
And next is our SEBI Chairman talked about a good thing, intent on corporate bond 
market. It has been a struggle we have seen for last 25 years. But he in fact said there 
is huge scope for multiplying the bond market. Now, here what could be the thing we 
can gain significantly by way of investment in corporate bonds, because we get about 
50 to 150 basis points better rates in investment in corporate bonds than in lending. Of 
course, it would also have an impact on the fund raise but in deposit raise we are again 
much ahead of the curve. So, if you can share your thoughts on this. 
 
And of course, there is another latest news which came in mutual fund. Yesterday, the 
global head of BlackRock was here, we are talking about multiplying the mutual fund 
industry by two in five years. So, that could be opportunity for us also because we are 
running the largest mutual fund. In fact, if we delay the IPO and come after five years, 
we can get three times the market cap, based on these kinds of things. Your thought 
process on this.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Thank you, very much. I think on the expansion, overseas expansion, most of the 
geographies barring New Zealand, where the FTAs or trade deals are signed, we have 
a good presence and very large presence. For example, US - New York branch is the 
largest operations for us. In these jurisdictions, we are broadly the wholesale bankers. 
I believe that trade deals are going to help us mostly in the corporate and MSME 
funding, which is an opportunity which is available locally here. We would like to 
definitely take that opportunity. Any of these corporates accessing the overseas market, 
we have presence across geographies here. Our ability to fund those transactions either 
by way of trade finance or by way of ECBs is very large. I do not think we need to look 
at branch expansion. 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 16 of 27 
In the EU area, we have two fairly large branches, one in Frankfurt and in Antwerp. 
These branches are taking care of the overall requirements. In the US, if you see, we 
have wholesale banks, both in New York and Chicago, and Los Angeles, and we have 
retail presence in the whole of California. That is where I feel that some expansion in 
the retail side is potentially possible. We are expanding, for instance, we will soon be 
opening a branch of SBI-California in Dallas, because they can open multi-state 
branches. So, I think we will be selective in terms of physical expansion. 
 
We also would like to use our YONO Global, which is a digital app across the 
geographies, almost in11 to 12 geographies, we have already launched YONO Global. 
We would like to build retail presence through YONO Global, not by opening the physical 
branches. So, on the overseas expansion, I do not think we will be aggressive, I want 
to be clear on that. If opportunities arise in the new geographies, we will definitely look 
at it.  
 
The corporate bond market, I fully agree with you on that. We have been talking about 
corporate bond market deepening for so many years. There are many reasons. But it is 
time now the corporate bond market has to become vibrant. Our participation in 
corporate bond market is based on what is our credit growth. If there is a loan growth 
requirement, our priority is to fund that loan growth. But we also have a mix. If you see 
all our large corporates have loan limits as well as investment limits, which facilitate us 
to put the corporate NCD subscriptions. 
 
But one more development what probably would help in terms of further strengthening 
is the partial credit enhancement, which is now allowed by the RBI. The partial credit 
enhancement will enable slightly lower rated corporates to access the bond market. 
Today, it is typically dominated by AAA companies. So, how do we bring A rated or AA 
rated companies into bond market, through partial credit enhancement is something 
what we are working on.  
 
And the CFO, I am sure that you made that comment on the lighter note. The CFO, 
there are the typical qualifications which RBI has fixed. We would definitely be creating 
the pipeline. In the interim, we needed a market resource. But it is also open to our 
internal candidates. If somebody is available, we will definitely consider that.  
 
Mutual fund, we are not fully exiting. So, we still have potential to monetize further when 
market improves. I see a great opportunity for mutual fund growth and SBI mutual fund 
will be playing a very, very large role in this. Thank you.  
 
Mr. Manoj Alimchandani  
 
Sir, one more recognition I would like to highlight for benefit of all, particularly. Congrats 
to you and our DMD Finance for getting Corporate Excellence in Financial Reporting by 
the Regulator Award. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Third time.  
 
Mr. Manoj Alimchandani  

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 17 of 27 
Again, last year we got it. I was involved in the process and this year SBI has got it and 
Yes Bank has also got it. So, accolades to you and the team. Congrats once again. 
 
Mr. Ankit Bihani - Nomura 
 
So, I wanted to ask about the outlook on the treasury income. So, given that the yields 
have hardened, and we assume it remains status quo, so how do you see? 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Where are you? 
 
Mr. Ankit Bihani - Nomura  
 
Here. So, should we see a treasury income moderating sharply from hereon or we do 
have, we can sell AFS securities or participate in OMO through HTM to manage treasury 
income? My first question is on that. 
 
The second question is on LCR. So, what is our average LCR for the quarter and what 
would be the impact of the new norms when they get implemented on 1st April?  
 
And the third question is on your fee income breakup you give miscellaneous fee income 
as a part as well. So, we have seen decent pick up there in the last two quarters. What 
is driving that and what is that fee basically?  
 
Thank you. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
You want to take it?  
 
Mr. Rana Ashutosh Kumar Singh – Managing Director (International Banking, 
Global Markets & Technology), State Bank of India 
 
So, treasury income side we are not envisaging any significant decline what you are 
saying. This number should continue like this, not more, there will not be any reduction 
overall. We are talking about treasury, Global Market is forex income, treasury income, 
equity investment, private equity. 
  
Mr. Ankit Bihani - Nomura 
 
If I exclude the forex income, I am just talking about your FVTPL book. So, if the yields 
harden, so you have to mark-to-market on that book, right? 
 
Mr. Rana Ashutosh Kumar Singh – Managing Director (International Banking, 
Global Markets & Technology), State Bank of India 
 
That is right.  
 
Mr. Ankit Bihani - Nomura 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 18 of 27 
 
Then how do you manage the treasury income? Is it we sell AFS security? 
 
Mr. Rana Ashutosh Kumar Singh – Managing Director (International Banking, 
Global Markets & Technology), State Bank of India 
 
But there are opportunities also then. So, there are opportunities also when something 
like this happens, yield goes up and we have the MTM hits. So, this quarter also, we 
have seen this happening that because of the MTM, but we have maybe covered 
somewhere else. So, largely this will… 
  
Mr. Ankit Bihani - Nomura 
 
So, do you think this is something structural, it can continue for a longer time or?  
 
Mr. Rana Ashutosh Kumar Singh – Managing Director (International Banking, 
Global Markets & Technology), State Bank of India 
 
No, we have opportunities for making some other income somewhere else. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Yes, I think just to clarify what he is trying to say is that, if your question is in terms of 
how do we manage the yield movement. So, our internal view is that the yields probably 
will range from 6.55 to 6.75. In this range, there is no concern on the MTM hit. In any 
case, the Q3 numbers have not been built on the MTM gains, we have seen. We believe 
that there may not be great contribution coming from the positive MTM on the book. The 
negative MTM impact would be less because FVTPL, HFT book is small. Even if that 
there is a movement of the yields, I do not think there is going to be any significant 
impact on the MTM. 
 
And we also have as Ashutosh is mentioning, an opportunity too as you mentioned 
participate in the OMOs, participate in the buybacks. And we even do the trading. If you 
see, the trading profits have been robust for the last two quarters. So, that will continue, 
that process will continue. 
 
Anything unanswered remain? 
 
Mr. Ankit Bihani - Nomura:  
 
No, it is understood. On LCR? 
 
Mr. Rana Ashutosh Kumar Singh – Managing Director (International Banking, 
Global Markets & Technology), State Bank of India 
 
The number is 125. 
 
Mr. Ankit Bihani - Nomura:  
 
125? 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 19 of 27 
Mr. Rana Ashutosh Kumar Singh – Managing Director (International Banking, 
Global Markets & Technology), State Bank of India 
 
Yes.  
 
Mr. Ankit Bihani - Nomura 
 
And the third question was on the miscellaneous fee income line item.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Miscellaneous fee income is a very diversified income stream. But if you really have to 
put, I think some of the major ones is cash management services what we provide, and 
also, the mobile banking charges which we collect, account maintenance charges for 
non-savings bank customers, annual inspection charges and host of other charges. 
These are all diversified income stream. We also adjust it for the GST payment which 
happens. So, that is a net figure which is shown here.  
 
Mr. Ankit Bihani - Nomura 
 
Thank you for the answer to my question. 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah, Citigroup 
 
Hi, sir. Kunal over here from Citigroup. So, firstly, when you look at it overall in terms of 
the growth traction, how are we seeing the catch up on the PSL side, particularly on 
SMF as well as weaker section? Because at this pace of growth, do we see some 
shortfall coming through towards the end of the year and that might have a drag in terms 
of investments on our IDF? And what are the initiatives being taken if we grow at like 
14-15%, is that pace catching up? 
 
Secondly, on CA, when you look at it particularly, there has been a decline during the 
quarter on a sequential basis. No doubt we are at a double digit, we were growing at 18 
odd percent as well. So, is it more of a quarter-end phenomena and maybe how do we 
see because I think for most of the players, we have seen CA picking up on the private 
side. So, is there some loss in market share which is happening on the CA front? So, 
and last… 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
We’ll take these two questions and come back. Because they are very two important 
questions which you asked, I want to answer them.  
 
The Current Account, we are predominantly seeing on the private side, despite actually 
the significant decline on the government business, is virtually drying up on the 
government current account. So, in the last one to two years, we focused completely on 
the private side business accounts and that has given us current account uptick. 
 
And Current Account also is not a quarter end or month end phenomenon, we monitor 
in terms of the daily average balance to a quarter end number and it is very robust. It is 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 20 of 27 
more than 80-85% which means that your daily average balances are holding up. So,  
there will be a month end and quarter end movement which is unavoidable, but we are 
very comfortable in terms of this ratio that you know your daily average balance to 
quarter end balance. 
 
The other one is in terms of PSL. PSL, as you grow the book, PSL pressure will come. 
We have been addressing that in various forms. One is the organic growth PSL targets 
are given to every business segment including the corporates. We know that we do lot 
of on lending to lot of NBFCs where they qualify for PSL and we are clear monitoring. 
In fact, what we suggested that if an NBFC/MFI is there or NBFC is there which has got 
a PSL only funding which is from us, we are willing to give some discount on our rate 
which means that we would like to prevent the bleeding on the PSLC side and we 
broadly are able to do that. 
 
The subsegments which you mentioned definitely are the concerns for everyone, the 
small and marginal farmers, because the whole portfolio is very small and our 
requirement is 7.5% of the overall portfolio. I think it is creating an imbalance, and we 
also do not want to aggressively push up the PSLC purchases. So, that you know year 
end PSLCs will push up the premium. What we have done is that we have front loaded 
our PSLC purchases in the Q2 itself. We virtually have not moved to PSLC market in 
Q3 at all. So, we do lot of things in terms of reducing the PSL burden. Hopefully, I think 
the new guidelines, there are some positives. We are just evaluating how the PSL 
movement will happen in our book. 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah, Citigroup 
 
The reason was as you mentioned like when Chintan was also checking on overall LDR 
expansion but not improvement in margins which you mentioned is because of working 
capital drawdown as well as corporate which is low yielding. Then is it like maybe do we 
factor in the cost of PSL which is there at the time of doing that business because both 
these segments have grown quite robustly like SME is up 10% quarter on quarter, 
corporate is up like 8 % quarter on quarter. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Much of the SME growth is in the qualifying PSL category. So, MSME growth is not a 
worry. But I think on the corporate credit growth we definitely consider various cost 
factors. While we do primarily look at the risk involved and how do we price the risk, we 
also look at our cost of funds and what is the alternate mechanism of investing those 
funds. We have a simple mechanism called risk adjusted return on capital. I think we 
did mention earlier. The capital optimization is also core to our pricing strategy. The PSL 
cost many a time is worked out on the portfolio basis not on an individual account basis. 
Those costs are definitely accounted for. 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah, Citigroup 
 
And one last question, no plans to tweak MCLR from the current level now? So, we will 
hold on to our MCLR rates? 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 21 of 27 
 
No, MCLR is an arithmetical calculation as long as the cost of deposits remain at that 
level. I do not think MCLR. 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah, Citigroup 
 
Yes, so given that incrementally we are not tweaking cost of deposits in any bucket.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
We are not. 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah, Citigroup 
 
So, then we should consider like MCLR will remain at same level. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
So, at this juncture neither we are considering any tweaking on the deposits, ALCO will 
take the call, but I do not think any MCLR movement is likely to happen in near term. 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah, Citigroup 
 
Thank you sir. 
 
Mr. Jeet Suchak – Ambit Capital 
 
I have a couple of questions. On the employees’ provision, it is 25% and 32% lower Q-
o-Q and Y-o-Y. So, what is reason on that? Any calculations on new labour code that 
will be affecting us? 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
We did the assessment of the new labour code. There is no noticeable impact because 
our wage structure is broadly aligned with the labour codes. That means no impact 
except that there is a requirement of providing for gratuity of contractual employees who 
have completed 1 year. Earlier it was 5 years, it has been reduced to 1 year. The net 
impact is only 16 crores provision which we had to make. So, I think we are broadly in 
alignment with labour codes, but we are also looking for the rules/regulations to come 
and if any assessment is required to be done, we will do. But I do not think there is going 
to be any impact on the labour codes.  
 
The first thing you asked in terms of provisions, essentially the provisions have come 
down on the staff expenses, provision for pension. These provisions are based purely 
on the actuarial assessment, and the discount rates have moved up which means that 
the requirement of provision has come down. 
 
Mr. Jeet Suchak – Ambit Capital 
 
So, run rate will be in the similar lines of Q3.  

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 22 of 27 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Q4, I think run rate should be similar.  
 
Mr. Jeet Suchak – Ambit Capital 
 
And going forward also this should be the run rate? 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Next year we will assess because this actuarial assessment happens every quarter. 
 
Mr. Jeet Suchak – Ambit Capital 
 
But it is not a one-off?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
There is nothing unusual movement in that provisioning. 
 
Mr. Jeet Suchak – Ambit Capital 
 
And the second, so how much of the 100 basis point rate cut that previously have 
happened has been translated in the yields, how much is left on that side. What is the 
current MCLR book. How do you see the repricing of latest 25 basis points that will 
happen in our yields? 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
You asked so many things together, please. So, MCLR book, we have if you divide the 
whole book, we have 50% MCLR and fixed rate and 50% EBLR and other benchmark 
rates. That means around 45 to 48% book is floating, the rest is not really floating MCLR 
or fixed rate. 
 
Mr. Jeet Suchak – Ambit Capital 
 
So, full repricing of the 100 basis points is done, we can assume that - last 100 basis 
points and the latest December? 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
No EBLR book anyway the complete 125 basis points has been passed on.  
 
Mr. Jeet Suchak – Ambit Capital:  
 
On MCLR is there any….  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
MCLR could be, I do not know, I do not have the number, we will give you that number. 
 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 23 of 27 
Mr. Jeet Suchak – Ambit Capital 
 
And latest, the 25 basis points rate cut, how do you see yields affecting going forward 
Q4 and FY27?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
The previous rate cut? 
 
Mr. Jeet Suchak – Ambit Capital 
 
Yeah, 25 December. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
December rate cut, I think it will take some time to transmit in the deposits, but we have 
not cut the deposit rates.  
 
Mr. Jeet Suchak – Ambit Capital 
 
No, I mean on the yield side only.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Sorry. 
 
Mr. Jeet Suchak – Ambit Capital 
 
On the yield side only yield on asset.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Yield side I think it is about 800 crores or something and the overall full year basis. 
Margins I think 1 basis point or something what we have worked out. 
 
Mr. Jeet Suchak – Ambit Capital 
 
Okay, so trajectory anything of 25 basis points.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Sorry.  
 
Mr. Jeet Suchak – Ambit Capital 
 
Trajectory of the passing on the yields of the 25 basis points - if you can share any 
thoughts. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 24 of 27 
Sorry, I did not get your question.  
 
Mr. Jeet Suchak – Ambit Capital 
 
Okay, I will get back.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Okay. 
 
Mr. Nitin Agarwal – Motilal Oswal 
 
Hi, sir, Nitin Agarwal from Motilal.  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Yes, Nitin.  
 
Mr. Nitin Agarwal – Motilal Oswal 
 
Congrats on a strong quarter. 
 
Sir, my question is again around the cost. If you look at like last two quarters, we have 
been reporting very controlled costs growth. The OPEX this quarter is like a slight 
decline. And we are now talking to further raise the loan growth guidance. So how do 
you see the cost income ratio to play out over the next 2-3 years?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
So, the credit growth is not substantially going to enhance the costs, the operating costs 
at least. Maybe, you know, we would like to manage the interest costs, as I mentioned, 
in terms of moderating the cost of deposits, focusing on the CASA. Our objective is to 
keep the cost to income ratio below 50 bps. I think that guidance we had earlier given, 
we are sticking to that guidance. 
 
Mr. Nitin Agarwal – Motilal Oswal 
 
Right, sir. And second is on the ROA, wherein we have talked about to maintain 1% 
ROA guidance. Now that if I look at nine months, we are tracking higher than that. So, 
will you want to review that? And any further levers if you want to highlight which can 
take ROA higher in the coming years?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
I think we still stick to that 1% guidance. I do not want to jump the gun at this juncture. 
It is playing out well. And we also are mindful of our RWA density. I think this is 
something which we are very conscious about that, which means that you cannot have 
a jump in the ROA. We want to be consistent on the ROA front. I think the guidance will 
remain at 1%.  
 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 25 of 27 
What is the other one you asked? 
 
Mr. Nitin Agarwal – Motilal Oswal 
 
Just any levers?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
There are quite a few levers. But I think the levers point out that, we will maintain this 
1% guidance through the cycles. I think that is very important too. We are not giving the 
guidance only for one quarter or one year. We said our guidance is 1% ROA through 
the cycles. 
 
Mr. Nitin Agarwal – Motilal Oswal 
 
Thank you so much.  
 
Mr. Pritesh – DAM Capital 
 
Hi, sir. One question on private capex. Last time you had made a comment that it is 
improving and with some of the corporate growth revival, do you think it will further pick 
up and what is our pipeline in terms of corporate book ahead?  
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
I will ask Ashwini to respond. 
 
Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari – Managing Director (Corporate Banking and 
Subsidiaries), State Bank of India  
 
So, the pipeline is Rs. 7.86 lakh crores with sanction but not disbursed about Rs. 4.4 
lakh crores and the pure without sanction pipeline Rs. 3.45, that is the total undisbursed 
plus pipeline. Pure pipeline is Rs. 3.45 lakh crores. 
 
In terms of growth in the corporate side, yes, you are right, we are seeing pick up and 
two new things which will help us next year one is the announcement by RBI on REITs, 
that is a market so far we were not allowed to, that’s a large market and growing fast. 
We hope to develop something there. And also, M&A guidelines finally when they come, 
we hope to do that as well. Those two will help us to give more basis to increase the 
corporate book and with better margins because both these segments are better paying 
than some of the other segments. We are also seeing other pick-up happening in the 
corporate side especially in power including renewables, metals and also infrastructure. 
 
Mr. Pawan Kumar - General Manager (Performance, Planning and Review), State 
Bank of India 
 
Due to paucity of time, we will now take up a few questions coming in through the online 
webcast which will be addressed by the Chairman sir. 
 
Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 26 of 27 
First question is Bunty Chawla: Loan growth guidance for FY27 - FY27, we said that 
we'll give the guidance somewhere in Q1. But for the current quarter, we have revised 
our credit growth guidance from 12 to 14% to 13 to 15%. 
 
Kanika: Do you see credit growth sustaining with such wide credit deposit growth gap? 
- I think we have had a long discussion on the credit growth. And we do not see, as I 
mentioned, any challenge. And we have adequate liquidity buffers as well as capital 
buffers in our book.  
 
Akhilesh Gupta: Credit growth outlook - The credit growth for the bank for Q3, 15.14%. 
And as I mentioned, we have revised the earlier guidance from 12 to 14% to 13 to 15%. 
Outlook on NIM, I think is broadly addressed. We are still sticking to our exit NIM of 3% 
for the year and 3% through the cycles.  
 
Karthik: What would be the guidance for ROA? - I think that again, we have answered 
1% through the cycles.  
 
In which area of business do we have earned more? - I believe we have earned 
everywhere, I suppose. But I think some of the lines of business are more profitable, 
like Xpress Credit, the portfolio of 3.5 lakh crores definitely gives us a yield pickup. But 
I also mentioned in terms of the ecosystem improvement in the corporate banking side, 
which is also contributing to the income levels. And one of which we did mention is in 
terms of the dividend payout from the SBI Mutual Fund. 
 
Sangeeta: Could you give colour on the other income? Which element showed growth 
and is sustainable? - I think other income, fee income, treasury, forex, all have showed 
growth. CVE income, that is customer value enhancement income also had shown 
significant growth, and we believe that it is sustainable.  
 
Laveesh: What are the components in miscellaneous income? - I think we have 
answered this miscellaneous income segment, but you are talking about 5,000 crores. 
I think in this, there's Rs. 2,200 crores from the Mutual Fund and recovery from written-
off accounts about Rs. 2,600 crores. These are the two major elements in the 
miscellaneous income.  
 
What was the interest on IT refund in the quarter? - I think that was answered by DMD 
Finance. It is Rs. 769 crores Q3 and Rs. 372 crores in the previous quarter.  
 
Kiran Shah: What is the yield on gold loan portfolio? Is ticket size average? LTV at 
origination and at December ’25? - Yield on personal gold loan portfolio as on 31st 
December is 8.61% with average ticket size of 2.64 lakhs. LTV, I did mention that it is 
56.57% in December ‘24, which has come down to 51.18% in December ‘25.  
 
Vishal Gupta: GNPA and NNPA ratios have improved further this quarter. Which 
segments are driving this improvement? - I think overall improvement in all the segments 
is driven. Of course, corporate has no asset quality issues. Corporate NPA has gone 
down by 1,888 crores. So, foreign offices also have shown decline in the NPAs.  
 
Param: Can you give a breakup of AUCA pool between retail, agriculture, and MSME? 
SME is 34,000, agriculture is seven. Retail is 7,000 and corporate is 1.10 lakh crores.  

State Bank of India  
February 07, 2025 
Page 27 of 27 
Rohit: What has been the impact of the new labour codes? -  I think we did make a 
mention on the labour code impact. It is not significant at all. It's just about 16 crores 
provision we had to make to comply with the norms.  
 
MB Mahesh: Could you walk us through what is the total gold loans in retail, SME, and 
agriculture? SME, we have not much of a portfolio. Agri-gold loan is 1.44 lakh crores 
and personal gold loan is 86,000 crores. Thank you. 
 
Mr. Pawan Kumar - General Manager (Performance, Planning and Review), State 
Bank of India 
 
I trust all the questions have been addressed. We'll be happy to respond to other 
questions in offline mode. Let me end the evening with thanking Chairman sir, MD sirs, 
DMD sir, top management team, senior officials of the circles, and various offices 
connected through webcast, analysts, investors, ladies and gentlemen. 
 
We thank you all for taking time out of your schedule and joining us for the event. To 
round off this evening, we request you all present here to join us for high tea, which is 
arranged just outside this hall. Thank you. 
 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
