 
 
 
DATAMATICS GLOBAL SERVICES LTD. 
Knowledge Centre, Plot 58, Street No. 17, MIDC, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 093. INDIA | Tel: +91 (22) 6102 0000/1/2   
|  Fax : +91 (22) 2834 3669  |  CIN: L72200MH1987PLC045205 | investors@datamatics.com | www.datamatics.com 
February 04, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
BSE Security Code: 532528 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: DATAMATICS 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the quarter and nine months ended                 
December 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Part A of Schedule III read with Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please note that the transcript of the 
Analyst / Investors' Earnings Call held on January 29, 2026 at 05:00 P.M. IST for discussion on 
Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2025, has been made available on the website of the Company at - 
www.datamatics.com/about-us/investor-relations/earnings-call.  
 
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
For Datamatics Global Services Limited  
 
 
Divya Kumat  
President, Chief Legal Officer & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
DIVYA 
KUMAT
Digitally signed 
by DIVYA KUMAT 
Date: 2026.02.04 
17:44:16 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
 
“Datamatics Global Services Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL KANODIA – VICE CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. ANKUSH AKAR – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. MITUL MEHTA – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT 
AND CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER  
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRATIK JAGTAP – E&Y INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Datamatics Global Services Limited Q3 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in a listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-screen phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Jagtap from EY Investor Relations for opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pratik Jagtap: 
Thank you, Shruti. Good evening to all the participants in the call today, and welcome to Q3 FY 
'26 Earnings Call of Datamatics Global Services Limited. The results and presentation have 
already been mailed to you, and they are also available on the website of Datamatics. In case 
anyone has not received a copy of press release or presentation, please do write to us, and we 
will be happy to send you all. 
 
To take us through the results today and to answer your questions, we have with us the top 
management of the company represented by Rahul Kanodia, Vice Chairman and CEO; Ankush 
Akar, SVP and Chief Financial Officer; Mitul Mehta, EVP and Chief Marketing Officer. Rahul 
will start the call with a brief overview of the quarter on business, which will then be followed 
by Ankush, who will take us through the financials. Then we will open the floor for Q&A 
session. 
 
I would like to remind you that anything that is said on this call, which gives any outlook for the 
future or which can be construed as a forward-looking statement, must be viewed in conjunction 
with the risks and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties are included, but not 
limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with the SEBI and subsequent annual 
reports, which you can find on our website. With that said, I now hand over the call to Rahul, 
sir. Over to you, sir. 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Thank you, Pratik, and a good day, everyone, and thank you all for joining the Datamatics Q3 
FY '26 Earnings Call, and I wish you all a very happy New Year. I will begin the call with 
sharing some key highlights from our quarterly performance, followed by Ankush, who will take 
you through the financial update. We will then open the floor for Q&A sessions. 
 
Our total revenue for Q3 stood at Rs. 510.1 crores, giving us a revenue growth of 19.9% on a 
year-on-year basis and 4.1% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Our EBITDA for Q3 stood at Rs. 
96.2 crores, giving us an EBITDA growth of 76.4% on a year-on-year basis and 8.3% on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. We improved our EBITDA margin by 604 basis points year-on-year 
and 75 basis points quarter-on-quarter to 18.9%, driven by our focus on improving operational 
efficiencies and disciplined cost optimization. I'm happy to state that this is one of the best 
quarters from a revenue and EBITDA perspective. We recorded a quarter-on-quarter revenue 
growth across all 3 business segments. In Digital Technologies, we delivered a double-digit 
revenue growth and a sustained double-digit EBIT margin. Revenue in digital operations 
remained stable and EBIT margins improved to 18.1%. Digital Experiences performance 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
remained soft. And as highlighted in the previous Q2 of our clients are transitioning their work 
to their captive centres. However, we continue to add new logos as well as expand our existing 
relationships across clients. 
 
Datamatics is investing decisively in enterprise AI we are further democratizing AI across the 
organization. I'm excited that we are rolling out Google Gemini Enterprise across the 
organization, empowering our teams to build intelligent agents, improve productivity and drive 
innovation at scale. In partnership with Google, we have certified 200 employees on Gemini 
Enterprise in the past 1 month as Phase 1 of this exercise. Additionally, we have built industry-
specific AI solutions for insurance, banking and logistics, enabling autonomous workflow 
orchestration, smarter decision-making and enterprise-wide productivity at scale. This 
strengthens our AI-first culture and positions Datamatics for sustainable growth and long-term 
value creation. 
 
Our continued focus on scaling strategic accounts, strengthening global delivery and optimizing 
execution has further improved operating leverage and contributed to sustained margin 
improvement. With that, I will now hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Ankush Akar. Ankush, 
over to you. 
Ankush Akar: 
Thank you, Rahul. Welcome, everyone, and wishing you a very happy new year. Let me start 
with the financial performance for the quarter Q3 FY'26, and then I will take you through the 9 
months ended December 2025 financial performance as well. 
 
Our Q3 FY '26 revenue stood at Rs. 510.1 crores, reflecting a growth of 19.9% on a year-on-
year basis and 4.1% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Our sustained cost optimization efforts and 
enhanced operational efficiency helped us improve our EBITDA to Rs. 96.2 crores, a growth of 
8.3% on a quarter-on-quarter basis and 76.4% on a year-on-year basis. Our EBITDA margin for 
the quarter stood at 18.9%, reflecting an improvement of 604 basis points on a year-on-year 
basis and an improvement of 75 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Our EBIT for the 
quarter stood at Rs. 74.2 crores, which is up by 7.7% on a quarter-on-quarter basis and 65.9% 
on a year-on-year basis. Our EBIT margin was at 14.6%, reflecting an improvement of 404 basis 
points on a year-on-year basis and improvement of 50 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
Changes in the new labour codes resulted in a one-time increase of Rs. 40.3 crores in gratuity 
and leave encashment liability. This one-time increase was shown as an impact on labour codes 
under the exceptional item. Due to this impact, our PAT after noncontrolling interest was at Rs. 
36.4 crores, down by 42.5% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Our PAT margin stood at 7%. 
Excluding the one-time impact, our PAT would have been approximately 12.7%. Our EPS for 
the quarter stood at Rs. 6.16 per share. 
 
In terms of segments, Digital Technologies revenue for the quarter stood at Rs. 169.6 crores, 
which is up by 10.8% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Digital Technologies EBIT margin was also 
at 10.8% for the quarter. Digital operations revenue for the quarter stood at Rs. 273.8 crores, 
which is up by 0.5% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Digital Operations EBIT margin was at 18.1% 
for the quarter. Digital Experiences revenue stood at Rs. 66.7 crores, which is up by 3.2% on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. Digital Experiences EBIT margin was at 9.6% for the quarter. In terms 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
of geographical footprint, the U.S. remains our largest geography with 52% of our business 
coming from here, followed by the U.K. and Europe at 22%, India at 17% and ROW at 9%. Our 
client concentration remains very healthy with top 5, 10 and 20 clients contributing to 29%, 42% 
and 55%, respectively. 
 
Let me now take you through the performance for the 9 months ended December 2025. Our 
revenue stood at Rs. 1,467.9 crores, reflecting a growth of 19.7% on a year-on-year basis. Our 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 261 crores, a growth of 68.7% on a year-on-year basis. Our EBITDA 
margin for the 9 months ended stood at 17.8%, reflecting an improvement of 516 basis points 
on a year-on-year basis. Our EBIT for the period stood at Rs. 199.6 crores, which is up by 57.6% 
on a year-on-year basis. Our EBIT margin was 13.6%, reflecting an improvement of 327 basis 
points on a year-on-year basis. Our profit after tax, after noncontrolling interest, was Rs. 150 
crores, down by 6.3% on a year-on-year basis. Our PAT margin stood at 9.9%. This decline was 
primarily due to a one-time exceptional charge of Rs. 40.2 crores arising from changes in labour 
codes. In comparison, 9 months ended December 2024, PAT was Rs. 160.2 crores, which also 
included an exceptional gain of Rs. 34.8 crores. Excluding exceptional items, profit before tax 
grew strongly by 39.8% on a year-on-year basis. Our billed DSO was at 55 days as of December 
2025. We continue to maintain a healthy balance sheet. As of December 2025, our net cash and 
investment net of debt stood at INR540.2 crores. 
 
Overall, we had a good quarter with a strong financial performance. With this, I will now pass 
on the call to the operator to open the floor for questions. Thank you for your patience and 
continued interest in Datamatics. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Dhanshree Jadhav. Please proceed.  
Dhanshree Jadhav: 
Congrats on great set of numbers on operational side. So my question is how should we see the 
segmental mix evolve in the next couple of quarters? And also, if you can throw some light on 
digital experience, which has shown some decline in this quarter, whether it will recoup 
thatdecline -- sorry, not decline, in terms of margins and overall growth going ahead? That is the 
first question. 
 
Second is if you can throw some light on order booking and the nature of deals that we have 
won this quarter and pipeline if you can give us some views on how it is growing and some 
views on overall growth and margins going ahead? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So on the Digital Experiences, I mentioned about 2 quarters earlier that we have 2 customers 
who are moving their work to the captives. And therefore, you see the margins becoming a little 
softer and the growth not being as much. Quarter 4 of this year, we will expect the full impact 
of that transition. From quarter 1 of next year, we'll see an upswing because we signed several 
new logos and they are much healthier margins as well. So we will see an upswing in Digital 
Experiences starting quarter 1 of next year. But quarter 4 will remain a little soft.  
On digital operations and digital technologies, as you see, the numbers in digital technologies 
have been quite robust, and I see that continuing for the next few quarters. I don't see a major 
challenge there. We have a healthy pipeline. 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
On digital operations, there's a lot of transitioning happening on the AI side. So the margins are 
improving. The pipeline will also improve as we deliver these solutions for automating business 
processes. So that's really going to be the driver going forward. Overall, I'm quite okay with the 
next year going ahead. 
 
To your point in terms of the pipeline and the quarter, right now, it's still fairly strong. In fact, 
we are seeing a little uptick on the pipeline. So that's good. I think the current uncertainties in 
the U.S. have become a state of normal in a way. Everybody knows, and everybody remains 
uncertain. So they've to take it in this ride. Generally, the mood is improving. The velocity is 
still slow, but we see a slight upward trend. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yatin Shah, an investor. 
Yatin Shah: 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. Just had a question regarding the Google Gemini enterprise 
solutions that we have started to do. Is this a big portion of our revenue? And also, what is the 
expected revenue mix from that? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
We are implementing Google Gemini across the enterprise within Datamatics. So every person 
will be powered with an AI tool in his hands. That should impact productivity, efficiency, and 
things of that. We are also integrating some Google technologies into our AI solutions, which 
we are bringing to market. We've built agent AI platforms for insurance, for logistics, for banks, 
and we've started taking that to market. 
 
The revenues will flow in the next few quarters. We've tested the solutions right now, and the 
response has been quite promising from customers. But I think once we nail a few customers or 
once we acquire a few customers in the next, say, 3 to 4 months, we will get a good visibility on 
what those revenues will look like. 
 
So the agenda of Google Enterprise is to get every person hands-on with AI technology in the 
company, being an AI-first company, which becomes paramount. So far, the pockets of AI have 
been concentrated with a few people who are deep into the AI space who are experts. But now 
we need to democratize this and make sure that every employee in the company is thinking AI 
first and is powered by an AI tool. So that's the agenda. 
Yatin Shah: 
Great. Great, sir. And one last question. The labour code impact, is this just for this quarter? Or 
will we see any impact over the next throughout the year? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
It is just for this quarter in the sense that there is a backlog because of the one-time hit with a 
retrospective effect. Therefore, this quarter has taken a big hit. From the next quarter onwards, 
it has become a routine marginal increase in gratuity. So we expect something in the range of 
maybe 0.5. But there we still have to do the math because all these regulations are not yet clear. 
 
They're still coming out with clarifications. So we are keeping our eyes open and talking to the 
consultants who can advise us on that. So, but fundamentally, going forward, there's not too 
much of an impact. 
 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Grishma Shah from Envision Capital. 
Grishma Shah: 
Curious to know how TNQ Tech is doing? And till 9 months, we have the benefit of integrating 
TNQ on a year-on-year basis. Therefore, the numbers look good. But if you had to exclude that 
and then look at the stand-alone business, if you could give us some idea as to how the business 
has done, that should be great. 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So, TNQ is doing good. –We are successfully integrating it very well into the company. Overall, 
we've had a sequential quarter-on-quarter growth of 4% as you see. So that, of course, includes 
TNQ as well as the rest of Datamatics. So, the growth is not coming from the acquisition. Of 
course, we got a bump up because of 19% because of the acquisitions for Q1, Q3. But if you see 
for the last 2 quarters, our sequential quarter growth has been 4% number for this quarter as well 
as the previous one. So I think we are doing quite well in terms of organic growth and integration 
of TNQ. And they remain financially healthy. In that sense, it was a very good acquisition from 
a Datamatics perspective. 
Grishma Shah: 
If you were to look at even sequential growth of 4%, I mean, if you could give us year-on-year, 
how has TNQ grown? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
I don't have that figure handy, but I know they've had a good growth. Their growth has been in 
line with the rest of Datamatics. I don't have the figure exactly on hand. So I would be hesitant 
to give you a number. But maybe offline, we can have a conversation when we can pull out those 
numbers or specifically. 
Grishma Shah: 
Okay. And just transitioning to the captive centre for the Digital Experience business line. This 
has been going on since last December, if I remember correctly, the last December quarter was 
really a slow quarter for us. Does it take like 4 quarters for the work to transition? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Yes. It depends on each customer's situation, but it could be between 1 quarter, as a minimum, 
would be 4 maximum. It depends on the situation. So these are both very slow and steady, but 
this was something that was riding on the wall. So it's good that it's been slow and steady. 
Therefore, it does not create undue pressure on Datamatics as well as the customer. 
Grishma Shah: 
For FY '27, what does the outlook look like? Is it a flat year in terms of growth? Or is it low 
single digits? So what does it look like for you given the deal pipeline that is in front of? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
we are looking at high single-digit growth. And then, of course, occasionally, we do look at 
M&A. So I'm not factoring M&A into this, but the high single digit is something that would be 
a decent number to look at. 
Grishma Shah: 
Is Gemini the first AI tool that we are implementing? Or I believe we would have multiple other 
AI tools also that we were working on, right? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
We worked with Lama from Facebook. We worked with Anthropic. We worked with Microsoft 
OpenAI, which is a big one, is ChatGPT. We worked with Google as well. So we worked with 
multiple. We found that Gemini has an edge over most others on several fronts. Therefore, we've 
gone with Gemini across the board because we find that output to be much better. And the idea 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
is to democratize it. So, really, the assistance that we're getting from Google is to train our people 
and empower all the employees. 
 
Having said that, in different pockets, we use different AI tools. So not one tool is going to fit 
everything. So somewhere we are using Anthropic, somehow it's using OpenAI, but Gemini will 
be the dominant one.  
Mitul Mehta: 
Hi, this is Mitul here. So, while we are using Gemini for internal productivity tools, while we 
are building solutions, while we are recommending classic cases to customers —we have 
capabilities across all the tools and AI models Rahul mentioned, be it OpenAI, Microsoft 
OpenAI, Anthropic, Google, or Lama. So, capability development is across. But then, when we 
have to adopt one particular tool across the organization for the people, that's why we decided 
to go ahead with Gemini, which suited us as an organization. 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Having said that, we've also built our own small language models that we've deployed in 
technology customer situations because they require that kind of a solution, right? 
Grishma Shah: 
Okay. And will the growth for next year be led by digital operations? Or you think it will be 
across all the 3 segments? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
It will be across all the 3 segments. I think technologies would probably be a leader, and you 
will see an uptick in experiences as well. but it will be across all 3 largely. 
Grishma Shah: 
Okay. And how is Dextara doing above company average growth? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Yes. Dextara is doing very well, and we've been able to very successfully cross-sell into the 
Datamatics customer base. We've got a very strong pipeline right now, and not only a strong 
pipeline, but also much larger deals compared to what Dextara had. So overall, quite optimistic 
about the way Dextara is panning out because of the cross-sell, the pipeline, and the deal sizes 
that we're getting. And that allows us in our strategy of penetrating our existing accounts very 
well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bimal Parekh from Sunidhi Securities. 
Bimal Parekh: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. So my question was basically that during Q3, what 
was the spend on AI, which we have written off is my first question. And the other was to Rahul 
bhai that in his earlier experience, when he had said that most companies are just testing out AI. 
So what is the experience now? Are the companies running up to give more projects? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Yes. So, to your question, our spend, I can't specifically say AI, but our spend on these 
transformation technologies is roughly Rs. 40 crores to Rs. 50 crores a year. Earlier, it was more 
in the product space where we are pivoting away from product investments and more into the 
AI investment. So basically, it's all in the investment space, right? So a little more on investment. 
So we've reallocated our plans internally. So that investment continues.  
To your other question on  Testing. So, the customers are testing these things right now, they 
started going into production. Also, we see some customers going into mainstream production. 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
And not only that, we find some customers very open to adopting technology as the main 
platform on which they want to operate. So we started seeing that transition happen. As I 
mentioned in my address that there are a few solutions that we built, which we showcased to 
customers. We've already piloted it, and the customers have loved the demos that we've seen, 
not only demos but proof of concept, actually. So now it's about cashing in on those opportunities 
and converting them into live transactions. 
 
But the hesitation that we used to see about a year ago, it seems to be waning, and we see them 
more open to adopting AI in the main operations of their business. So that's good news. And 
also the solutions that they're seeing from Datamatics, they've been extremely happy about what 
they see. 
Bimal Parekh: 
So sir, do you expect this Rs. 50 crores to be spent every year or you expect that to taper down? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Right now, we will maintain that between Rs. 40 crores and Rs. 50 crores because this whole 
area of technology is changing so fast, and we need to keep abreast with that area. So we will 
maintain it for some time. But we keep reviewing every quarter just to see where we're going. 
So as of now, it's there. 
Bimal Parekh: 
And we write off this as an expense in our books instead of capitalizing, right? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
That is correct. 
Bimal Parekh: 
And sir, any other industries that we are now targeting? I believe last time was BFSI largely 
insurance. So, are there any other industries that we are targeting? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Our footprint is large in manufacturing, in education and publishing and BFSI. These are the 3 
dominant ones. So I think that should remain as it is. We are not looking at any new industry per 
se. 
Bimal Parekh: 
Okay. Your U.S. was kind of lukewarm. So has things reversed there? Or they are still lukewarm 
towards Indian? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
They are still a little lukewarm more because of, I think, political reasons and political pressures 
more than business. And I think that overhang of the politics is still there. It's beginning to look 
up right now. So, it is improving because I think everyone is now very comfortable with the 
uncertainty. Everybody is in the same board, and they've been in this board for quite a while. So 
I think that's the new normal that it just remains uncertain. So generally, it's looking up, but there 
is still a political overhang, and we don't know which way it will go. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahil from Sapphire Capital. 
Rahil: 
Yes. So just picking up on the previous one for the U.S. market. So it is still like a heavy chunk 
of our business, like 50% plus? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Yes. 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Rahil: 
Okay. So because the scenario is ever growing and not looking like it will settle in the near term. 
So are you trying to diversify and move away from the market? Or is it still reaping us good 
kind of contracts and business? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
We've got good contracts in business. We're not looking at diversifying because between the 
U.S. and the U.K., it pretty much covers 80% of the global outsourcing market. So if you're 
looking out elsewhere, you're looking at as best traction. Now 20% is the rest of the world. 
 
Obviously, we can't go to some low-cost destinations like Africa and South America. We can't 
go to certain other countries that are non-English speaking, which are very different. Therefore, 
really, that is the market, and we will continue to focus on it. I'm sure this current political 
headwind will wane out soon, and we are hoping that it at least reduces, if not goes away 
completely, and that should improve the mood amongst all customers. So no, we are not looking 
in other geographies, was for diversifying. 
Mitul Mehta: 
Also, our focus is on growing our existing customers. That is what one of the key growth 
strategies is, which is basically, again, distributed across the geography, which is the U.S., 
Europe, India, the Middle East. So, I think that we have our hands full enough to plough there. 
Once the overall economic environment improves, I'm sure –you 'll see those in numbers. 
Rahil: 
So, is it fair to say that with your current customer base in the U.S. mainly, there is a lot of scope 
for further wallet-share increase? Which can let us sustain a good amount of growth for the 
coming years? 
 
Mitul Mehta: 
Yes, absolutely. These are large enterprises, and we need to mine them. We need to build 
stronger relationships with them. And that's what the strategy is, and we are gearing up  we have 
already geared up ourselves. Last year, we launched it, and we are seeing the fruits of that. 
Rahil: 
Secondly, so the Q3 was impacted by the labour cost changes. Now you're saying it's going to 
taper down and settle in from the next quarter on, versus quarter 4, profitability will inch up, 
right, and the same effect will not be there? 
Ankush Akar: 
So, as highlighted, this is a one-time impact of the past liability, which was there because of a 
change in the definition of wages. So that impact is a one-time impact. Going forward, we don't 
see any material impact. There will be a minimal increase, which will be there, but we don't 
expect any material impact of this.  
Rahul Kanodia: 
 
It is just a one-time legacy impact. That's impacted the whole industry. 
Rahil: 
So fair to say the EBITDA margin, of course, is not related to this labour impact, but I'm just in 
general asking if  the EBITDA margins are sustainable because quarter-on-quarter, we have been 
growing by a few basis points, and you closed with 19%. So is this sustainable for quarters 
ahead? 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Ankush Akar: 
Yes, we will be sustaining the EBITDA margins. We continue to look at in terms of how we can 
keep our cost in control and keep growing. That's basically the key thing that we are looking at. 
So EBITDA will maintain the EBITDA margin and keep improving. 
Rahil: 
Okay. You're confident of that. And lastly, you said FY'27, you see high single-digit growth. 
Now, are you being conservative there? Because in the last 3 quarters, year-on-year, you have 
grown around 18% to 20%. So why, as a company, are we not still coming ahead and guiding 
with a strong 20%, 20% plus growth for the consolidated level? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
The growth that you see includes some degree of an acquisition, and therefore, you see a bump 
up. We rather be conservative because there's still a lot of uncertainty, partly thanks to the 
political situation, partly thanks to the disruption that AI can have. And therefore, there's some 
degree of greyness there. Therefore, this is the current outlook. Of course, every quarter passes, 
we'll get better clarity, and I'm sure we'll have those conversations to see whether we need to 
change our estimations of future growth. But right now, this is what we're looking at. It is a little 
conservative, but it does include an M&A in the last. 
Rahil: 
Yes. 
Rahul Kanodia: 
But the sequential growth, if you see, we've had for 2 quarters, 4%. So it's been a very healthy, 
organic, sequential growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Srinivasu from TIA. 
Srinivasu: 
Congratulations for a great set of Q3 numbers. Are Datamatics clients asking you to build AI 
agents on top of the existing platforms like Microsoft, Google, Salesforce? Or, do you have any 
AI accelerators that you built by yourself, which is actually driving this? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So we have a few accelerators that we are deploying. I earlier talked about agentic underwriting 
for logistics, for banking, for insurance. We've built solutions around Microsoft Copilot. So yes, 
we have built on top of the existing platform because we don't build a foundation model. The 
foundation model is from these large tech companies like Google and Microsoft. 
 
So, we've taken those as a platform. Now when you build it on the customer's environment, you 
have to integrate it into the core systems. It cannot be a bolt-on sitting on top. So therefore, 
customers are still testing that. They are not quite clear how to do that because there's a fear of 
data going outside the enterprise. So that's the biggest fear. So our solutions are delivering good. 
Now when it comes to building solutions for the customer, that is still sporadic because not every 
customer will allow you to touch the core systems. And AI will really work only when you can 
directly access data in their systems. But the point I made earlier was that customers are now 
maturing and coming to terms with the fact that it's a good solution. It's a good thing to do. And 
therefore, more and more customers are sort of going down the path of putting into the main 
systems. 
Srinivasu: 
Compared to other IT service companies, in India, what Datamatics actually having a 
differentiation in terms of agentic workflow orchestration? Or do you have AI-based automation 
or AI-based DX personalization? What exactly the strength of Datamatics? 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Rahul Kanodia: 
We have gotten Agnetic AI workflow built. We have a whole platform. We've trained several 
people. I think the key to this market is how fast you can move in the market. And we've had a 
good start. We've moved in fast. We've got a few very good customers. So that's really the key. 
Also, the benefit that we've been able to deliver is because we understand the business process 
services as well as the technology services, we're able to put them together very well and deliver 
the end result. Ultimately, the customer is looking at better, faster, cheaper. And we have 
successfully delivered a return on investment to the customer. So it's really an integrated IT and 
operations story that goes very well and the ability to deliver ROI. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjyot, an Investor. 
Sanjyot: 
Congratulations on a good set of operational numbers in a tough market. I have 2 questions. One 
is like Q4 is generally seasonally a good quarter for Datamatics. And you mentioned that legal 
experience is going to have some impact on the quarter. Overall, it's going to be kind of a muted 
quarter compared to Q4 vs Q4? 
 
Second question is on the employee headcount side in Q3, have you added any number of 
employees, what is the current employee count? And on a wage hike, is it already done for this 
financial year? Or is it going to happen in Q4? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Yes. So on the employee count, we've not added too much more. It's more about augmenting it 
with AI and improving productivity and not really increasing headcount now. In terms of the 
wage hike for this year, there's nothing happening this year. We already did a midyear increment 
cycle. The next cycle will probably be next financial year, April-May time frame. On your first 
question, if you just chalk my memory on the first one. Digital Experiences will have a little 
muted thing, but I think it will pick up in Q1 of next year. So Q4 might be a little soft, but Q1 
will pick up. 
Sanjod: 
Digital Experiences business will it pick up from the Q1, but in the Q4, it will be having some 
impact. And overall, the way Q4 is generally a higher quarter, it will have a little impact on Q4. 
But the other two businesses will be doing well? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Yes  we have some cyclical business. And then, because of the growth in the noncyclical 
business and the acquisition that we made, both Dextara as well as TNQ, the ratio of cyclicality 
has reduced. So we will see a spike in Q4, but it will not be as prominent as it has been in the 
past because the other businesses, which are sort of larger are more stable, have grown. So yes, 
we will see a spike, but not as steep, because the others are more stable. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bimal Parekh from Sunidhi Securities. 
Bimal Parekh: 
Just wanted to understand which industry is best as far as adopting AI in your opinion? And 
what is your experience? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So the industries that are very heavy with information processing are the more likely ones. So 
banking, finance, and insurance are adopting it quite well. They have a concern about data 
security and data privacy. But aside from that concern, they are very, very open to using AI. 
They have issues with compliance. But compliance when you use it internally, that's a very 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
potent area to explore AI because AI can automate a lot of the manual paperwork that goes on 
in compliance. But since these industries are regulated, they need to be a little cautious.  
Industries that have been laggards, I would say, is publishing because they are very concerned 
about the IP rights of the authors and they're concerned about AI violating the intellectual 
property rights of authors. So that's been a little slow. The technology industry has been good. 
Manufacturing, more so, because a lot of manufacturing goes into core brick-and-mortar kind of 
stuff, where AI is a very different use case. So, it's really BFSI and technology, which have been 
large ones. Education publishing has been a little slow. Manufacturing has been kind of average. 
So this has been our experience so far. Logistics is also doing a decent amount because logistics 
has a lot of information that they process, and that's where they use AI. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Thank you, everyone, for being on this call with us, and thank you for your confidence in 
Datamatics. I think we've had a good interaction today. I look forward to meeting all of you in 
the next quarter. Wishing you once again a very Happy New Year, and we'll see you soon. Thank 
you again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Datamatics Global Services Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your line. 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
