 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E-Communication 
JDIL/SECT/SE/2025-26                                                                    02 February 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051                          
 
Security Code: 511034                    
Security Code: JINDRILL 
 
Sub.: Transcript of earnings conference call held on 30 January 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find below the link of transcript of earnings 
conference call held on 30 January 2026. 
 
Link to access above transcript is as under: 
https://www.jindal.com/jdil/pdf-new/Transcript-of-Conference-Call-Q3-FY26-Earnings-Call.pdf    
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited 
 
 
Binaya Kumar Dash 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
BINAYA 
KUMAR 
DASH
Digitally signed by 
BINAYA KUMAR 
DASH 
Date: 2026.02.02 
13:11:23 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
30 January 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                 
 
 
   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAGHAV JINDAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – JINDAL DRILLING & 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. KAUSHAL BENGANI – DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS & FINANCE – JINDAL DRILLING & INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VARATHARAJAN SIVASANKARAN – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited 
 
 
30 January 2026 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and welcome to the Jindal Drilling 
& Industries Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by 
Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Varatharajan Sivasankaran from 
Antique Stock Broking Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Varatharajan S.: 
Thank you, Swapnali. Good afternoon to everyone. It's my pleasure to 
welcome all the participants and the management of Jindal Drilling to this 
results conference call. We have with us Mr. Raghav Jindal, Managing 
Director; and Mr. Kaushal Bengani, Deputy GM, Investor Relations and 
Finance. 
 
I'd like to hand over the call to Mr. Raghav Jindal for the initial comments. 
The floor is yours, sir. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Good afternoon, shareholders. Thank you for joining our earnings call. The 
results in the third quarter of FY '26 on an operational level were broadly 
in line with what we had communicated earlier. There has been no major 
change in the performance on a quarter-to-quarter basis. The key variation 
which has happened in the second and third quarters is on account of Other 
Income. 
 
In the previous call, we had highlighted that there was an old litigation with 
ONGC, which had favourably concluded and we had made a gain of around 
INR100 crores on the original receivable of INR66 crores. This gain was 
on account of interest and forex and was suitably accounted in the Other 
Income line item. 
 
However, since that point in time, the favourable award of the Bombay 
High Court was appealed in the Supreme Court and the matter has again 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited 
 
 
30 January 2026 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
become sub-judice. Due to this development, our auditors and Board were 
of the view that till this matter is concluded in finality, we should reverse 
the income, which has already been booked in the earlier quarter. And 
therefore, the Other Income line item is negative in the third quarter. 
 
I would like to stress that there has been no change in the operational 
performance of the company, but the bottom line looks to be much affected 
only on account of Other Income and no other line item. I think that is the 
key development which shareholders would want clarity on. 
 
And therefore, I would request Mr. Varatharajan to open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
We have the first question from the line of Siddharth Chauhan from 
Batlivala & Karani Securities. 
Siddharth Chauhan: I have 2 questions. The first is that you have 3 rigs whose contracts will be 
ending in FY '27. So, what is the expected dry dock expense for FY '27? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
The expenditure for refurbishment is not booked when it is incurred, but it 
is amortized over the duration of the contract. Normally, depending on the 
condition of the rig, the expenditure can be between INR50 crores to 
INR100 crores. 
Siddharth Chauhan: Per rig? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Per rig. 
Siddharth Chauhan: Understood. And the second question was that even GE Shipping's 2 rigs 
are due for repricing in FY '27. So just wanted to understand in this 
scenario, will there again be a squeeze in rig rates? Or do you see ample 
demand, let's say, from ONGC in the fields? How do you see the 
environment panning out? 
Raghav Jindal: 
ONGC should be taking out a couple of tenders. We are concluding one 
today, and they are expected to come out with another tender very soon for 
4 rigs. There have been in shortfall of rigs in the past, but hopefully, in the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited 
 
 
30 January 2026 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
coming times, they should build up on their rig count. So, we don't see any 
major challenge coming up. 
Siddharth Chauhan: Understood. And just a follow-up, any developments in the Andaman 
basin? Are you seeing more tenders which they would want for the 
Andaman side of things? Or do you not see the demand as of now today? 
Raghav Jindal: 
Not for the current year. Or at least nothing in the open year. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Co. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly, Jindal sir, if you could just give us the global landscape in terms 
of the rig counts and with the current uptrend that we have seen in the crude 
oil prices as well as the natural gas pricing, how -- what would be its 
implication in the short-term and going ahead, the type of geopolitical 
scenario, what should be its impact on the rig rates, your expectations and 
the global landscape? 
Raghav Jindal: 
Rig rates really got a hit when Saudi Aramco had terminated a few 
contracts. Now it has resumed those contracts back and most of them are 
back into drilling in Saudi Aramco, which is a very, very positive global 
trend, I would say. The prices are still in excess of 100,000 globally. But 
the rates in India were affected due to competition in the last tender. 
 
Hopefully, in the coming tenders, we should be aiming at a higher level 
because obviously, those rates were something which were not feasible. 
And globally, the demand of rigs are also going up since Saudi Aramco has 
taken back its rigs. And the rigs suited to the Indian market are very less. 
So, we don't see much international competition entering the market for 
ONGC. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And sir, currently, as the earlier participant also mentioned about the 
dry dock rigs of your competitor, GE Shipping also now available for the 
current tender process. So, what is -- in the bid for how much -- how many 
rigs have ONGC bid requirement is and the availability in the Indian 
waters? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited 
 
 
30 January 2026 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Raghav Jindal: 
So currently, they have come out with a 4 rigs tender, out of which we are 
getting Jindal Pioneer back into India, and we will be bidding that. That's 
happening today. And in the coming few weeks or months, we expect a few 
more tenders coming out from ONGC, where we will bid the other rigs that 
will be dehiring this year. I can't really talk about the competition as to what 
they will be doing. But our aim is to get the rigs as and when they get 
dehired and get a contract for them. 
Saket Kapoor: 
When we look in your presentation, Kaushal ji, you have mentioned order 
book for Q4. So, this is what the trajectory -- revenue trajectory is likely to 
be. That is what is being alluded by mentioning order book for Q4 of 237, 
I think. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And a small point, sir, in the presentation also, we have alluded to 
the fact of rented and owned rigs by the company. And in your earlier 
conversation also, you people have expressed your views about getting 
more rigs, more assets into -- directly into the company, thereby improving 
the profitability. 
 
So, in that aspect, where are we, sir, in terms of adding more rigs, which 
are still rented or are owned by your group companies? Because it was 
earlier also mentioned that a thought process was given to buy out or to get 
some arrangement with -- for the rigs with MSL also, Maharashtra 
Seamless. So, are we again in the process since now the demand and the 
dynamics have also changed and we have cash on books also? What should 
we expect, sir, going ahead? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
There is no update on that, and we have not received any communication 
from Maharashtra Seamless. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Apoorv, an Individual Investor. 
Apoorv: 
Sir, I just want to know the rig rates, what all factors does it depends on? I 
think it is, one would be the crude oil and the rest you can tell us? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited 
 
 
30 January 2026 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Raghav Jindal: 
So crude oil is one factor which is there. Crew rates, the drilling costs, 
everything is increasing by the day. So, all that really matters and more so 
matters what the competition is and what the worldwide scenario is. 
 
Like I said, with Aramco taking back its rigs and not expecting too much 
of international competition into the Indian tenders, we should be able to 
increase rates gradually, not substantially because obviously, ONGC will 
not be ready for a big jump. So hopefully, in the coming few tenders, step 
by step, we should be able to increase the rates like how it's seen in the 
future -- in the past. 
Apoorv: 
Sure. Also, sir, for the FY '28 and '29, still we have to go for the tenders, 
right? So, like by how much time before will be tenders? Like is it by FY 
'27 and we would be going for the FY 2029 tenders or maybe in next... 
Raghav Jindal: 
We -- ONGC has a schedule wherein it requires a minimum of 3 months 
before the rigs. If a rig is getting dehired in the next 3 months, we can bid 
for it. And so, there are different calculations for that. So, we will aim to 
bid the rigs as and when the tender comes out for ONGC and hopefully 
secure its position. After a rig gets dehired, it takes about 3 to 4 months for 
refurbishment as well. So, we have to take everything into consideration 
before we bid those rigs. 
Apoorv: 
Got it. And also, sir, one last question. So, I was going for like some other 
country, for the companies as well, there is something called tonnage tax 
where the government pushes the company to pay tax less and reserve that 
money to acquire more vessels. It's generally in the shipping sector. So just 
wanted to know like is there something in this industry as well? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We pay tonnage tax as well, but it is a very nominal amount. It is maybe 
less than few lakh rupees. It is not a significant thing per rig. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Amit Agicha from H.G. Hawa 
& Company. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited 
 
 
30 January 2026 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Amit Agicha: 
Sir, my question is related to the industrial cycle view. Like where do we 
stand in the offshore drilling cycle like early, mid or peak? And like how 
should investors think about cycle length and sustainability this time versus 
the previous cycle? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
No one can predict oil cycles. So, it will not be appropriate for us to 
comment. We are a strong company. We are debt free. We have cash on the 
books. We have rigs available with us. All of our rigs are deployed except 
one, and we are working on getting rigs redeployed as and when they get 
dehired. We do not think in terms of oil cycles because then it leads to 
speculative ideas, which we do not want to engage in. 
Amit Agicha: 
Sir, would the management be considering the buybacks or dividend policy, 
if you can just put some colour since we are cash rich now? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We are cash rich, but you should also bear in mind that in calendar year 
2026, 3 of the rigs are getting dehired. Therefore, they will go into 
refurbishment. So, we are conserving cash for the refurbishment exercise. 
In addition to that, there is also dues to the vendor from whom we have 
acquired Jindal Pioneer. Therefore, cash is meant for operational purposes, 
and we want to conserve it. 
 
However, we have also noted the concern of the shareholder. Therefore, we 
have doubled the dividend which was paid out in the previous financial year 
from the level it was in the year before that. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Pawan Nahar, an Individual 
Investor. 
Pawan Nahar: 
So, my first question is for Kaushal, you mentioned right now that there is 
an amount due to the vendor from which we purchased the previous rate. 
Can you please mention the amount due? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
$35 million approximately. 
Pawan Nahar: 
So, ballpark, that will make us like -- that will take away almost the entire 
net cash that we have right now? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited 
 
 
30 January 2026 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Kaushal Bengani: 
No. 
Pawan Nahar: 
Hello? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
No, because every year, we are earning more cash. We will be doing 
INR350 crores of EBITDA in the current year, slightly more than that. And 
next year also, I think we will do around INR350 crores of EBITDA. 
Pawan Nahar: 
Okay. The second thing is, as Mr. Jindal mentioned that there are rigs and 
you also mentioned rigs coming up for dehiring or new contract. So 
currently, our EBITDA does not include any number from Jindal Pioneer, 
right? It is yet to add. 
 
It is showing in the gross block, but it is yet not contributing. Obviously, I 
understand that. But -- so next year, the upside would come from the rig 
that will get deployed now one, yes, it is not in the current and the volatile 
part would be -- it goes higher or lower, perhaps lower from the rigs that 
get decommissioned in 2026 or whenever there was 3 rigs, yes. Is that 
understanding, correct? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
For Jindal Pioneer, it is not correct to say that it is part of gross block, but 
it is not earning. That rig was acquired in March 2025, and it was on a 
contract at that point in time, and it continued to generate revenue till about 
October of 2025. Thereafter, it went into refurbishment. Once the rig goes 
into refurbishment, at that point in time, it stops earning revenue. But the 
refurbishment exercise is for the subsequent contract, which we are 
expecting to get in about the next few months. 
 
On the other 3 rigs, which are getting dehired, any commentary on earning 
upside or earning downside would not be appropriate because we don't 
know the rates at which they will get rehired. And this is a market which is 
almost always in flux. So, rates can shoot up very quickly, they can crash 
very quickly. 
Pawan Nahar: 
Sure enough. So Mr. Jindal, you mentioned that you do not expect 
international competition in the ONGC tenders because maybe what I 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited 
 
 
30 January 2026 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
understood is there is a specific requirement for rigs in India, which is 
mostly not there with the international players? 
 
And if I were to turn it around, is there like the Indian rigs, let's say, what 
we own and if the rates are higher outside versus here, I mean, doing 
whatever the max you need to do, are you willing to deploy them outside 
like you, I believe, have one right now in UAE. So, are you willing to 
increase that number further? 
Raghav Jindal: 
Yes, we would be looking at international contracts, and we are actively 
working towards that. However, Indian -- why I said that the Indian 
competition would not increase with international rigs because there are not 
too many rigs with the same specification which ONGC requires. 
 
And for them to change it to an ONGC requirement would be a very high 
cost, and that cost would not be equivalent to the rates that you get in India. 
So, for them, it's better to keep the rigs outside. Whereas, yes, you're 
correct, we are working on rigs to be deployed outside. 
 
And we have spoken to a few companies. We've registered with a few other 
clients outside India. Usually, outside India, you see smaller contracts and 
shorter contracts. We prefer longer 3 year and 5-year contracts in India. So 
hence, we bid for that as a first priority. Not to say that we are not looking 
at national contracts. 
Pawan Nahar: 
Okay. And in one of the earlier calls, I saw there was a comment that we 
are planning or exploring to get into services business for rigs or for drilling 
or offshore. Can you please elaborate like what are you thinking out there? 
And how would you do it? Would it be organic? Would you acquire -- if 
you can just... 
Raghav Jindal: 
Not currently, we were looking at services of boats and other things. But 
nothing in the pipeline for this year as such. We are concentrating on getting 
back the 3 rigs that will be rehired. And we are working on it, but I don't 
have anything concrete to tell you right now. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited 
 
 
30 January 2026 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next follow-up question from the line of Amit Agicha from 
H.G. Hawa & Company. 
Amit Agicha: 
Sir, can non-rig services scale meaningfully without large capital 
deployment? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Can you please repeat? I could not understand. 
Amit Agicha: 
I'm talking about the non-rig services, the mud logging and directional 
drilling. So, can they scale meaningfully without large capital deployment? 
Will the company be able to give the proportionate like what is the revenue 
from rigs and non-rigs? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We've already given the bifurcation of the EBITDA that is earned from the 
non-rig segment. Please refer to Slide 8 or 9 of our presentation. So, 
segment-wise, bifurcation has already been given, although there is no 
specific requirement, we still give it out just so that interested shareholders 
are able to gain a better understanding. 
Amit Agicha: 
On Slide number 8, the total revenue is shown EBIT and EBITDA margin 
is shown. Like you are -- non-rig services bifurcation was not mentioned? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Slide 10. It is a very short presentation. I cannot understand why I have to 
explain. 
Amit Agicha: 
Yes. It is on Slide number 11, correct. Yes. Rigs and directional drilling and 
mud logging. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
It's already in public domain. Please go through it. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Mehul Panjuani from 40 Cents. 
Mehul Panjuani: 
Thank you so much for the elaborate details. You mentioned about the -- in 
the opening commentary about the Supreme Court, the litigation in the 
Supreme Court. So, what are the timelines to get the final verdict on that 
one? I mean I know that you cannot give exact timeline, but what is the -- 
when is the next date, etc.? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited 
 
 
30 January 2026 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Kaushal Bengani: 
In India, there is no timeline on legal cases. I will leave it at that. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, that concludes the 
question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Thank you, shareholders, for participating, and thank you, Mr. Varatharajan 
for organizing the call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining with us today, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
