 
 
TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES 
BSE LIMITED 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED  
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
 
January 19, 2026  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the Meeting of 
 Board of directors on January 14, 2026 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the Board 
meeting held on January 14, 2026, for your information and records. 
 
This 
information 
will 
also 
be 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2025-2026/q3.html 
 
The audio/video recordings of the press conference and earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2025-
2026/q3.html  
This is for your information and records.  
Yours Sincerely, 
For Infosys Limited 
 
 
 
A.G.S. Manikantha 
Company Secretary 
Membership No: A21918 
 
Anur 
Gurugopala 
Raju 
Suryanarayana 
Manikantha
Digitally signed by 
Anur Gurugopala 
Raju Suryanarayana 
Manikantha 
Date: 2026.01.19 
21:52:18 +05'30'

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 1   
 
                                                           Infosys Limited 
Press Conference Call 
January 14, 2026  
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director  
 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Rishi Basu 
Associate Vice President and Global Head - Corporate Communications 
 
ANALYSTS  
 
Ritu Singh 
CNBC TV18 
 
Mansee Dave  
ET Now 
 
Shristi Achar 
The Economic Times 
 
Chandra R. Srikanth 
Moneycontrol 
 
Haripriya Suresh 
Reuters 
 
Avik Das 
Business Standard 
 
Sanjana B. 
The Hindu BusinessLine 
 
Jas Bardia  
Mint 
 
Poulomi Chatterjee 
Financial Express 
 
Uma Kannan 
Deccan Herald 
 
Padmini Dhruvaraj 
The New Indian Express 
 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 2   
 
Rishi Basu 
A very good evening, everyone, and wishing you all a very Happy New Year. Thank you for joining 
us today. My name is Rishi. And on behalf of Infosys, I would like to welcome all of you. As always, 
since this is the New Year, my rules do not really change, one question from each media house. We 
try our best. 
But with that, let me invite our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Salil Parekh, for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Rishi. It is good to see that you are very consistent, and I am sure the media team is as well. 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for being here. Warm wishes for the new year to all of you. 
We have had a strong performance in Q3. Our revenue grew 0.6% sequentially and 1.7% year-on-
year in constant currency terms. Our large deals were at $4.8 bn, with 57% net new. This was across 
26 deals.  
Our adjusted operating margin was 21.2%. We generated free cash flow of $915 mn. One of the 
most significant large deals we won was with the National Health Service in the U.K. This $1.6 bn 
deal expands our work in the healthcare sector. We will help NHS leverage AI to streamline 
operations and improve patient care for U.K. citizens. 
We have deepened our Topaz AI capability with an agent services suite called Topaz Fabric. This 
suite helps our clients manage and implement AI agents across the enterprise. We had strong 
momentum in AI adoption across our client base. Today, we work with 90% of our largest 200 clients 
to unlock value with AI. We are currently working on 4,600 AI projects. Our teams have generated 
over 28 mn lines of code using AI. We have built over 500 agents. We are scaling our forward 
deployed engineer team. 
We are now witnessing six AI-led value pools emerging that could unlock a large incremental 
opportunity. We also see productivity-led benefits that compress some legacy areas. The six large 
AI-led value pools are: 
- 
AI engineering services,  
- 
Data for AI,  
- 
Agents for operations,  
- 
AI software development and legacy modernization,  

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 3   
- 
AI deployed in physical devices and  
- 
AI trust and risk services  
We believe we are uniquely positioned to capture market share across these value pools and emerge 
as the leading AI value creator for global enterprises. We will share a comprehensive view of our 
approach at an investor day later this quarter. 
With a strong performance in this quarter, we have revised our revenue growth guidance for the 
financial year. The new revenue growth guidance for this financial year is 3% to 3.5% growth in 
constant currency. Our operating margin guidance for the financial year remains the same at 20% 
to 22%. 
With that, let us open it up for questions. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Salil. We will now open the floor for questions. Joining Salil is Mr. Jayesh Sanghrajka, 
Chief Financial Officer, Infosys. The first question is from Ritu Singh from CNBC TV18. 
Ritu Singh 
Hi. Thank you. Rishi, sorry, this is our only chance to speak with the management every quarter. So 
we will have to exceed that one question limit. With that, Salil and Jayesh, to begin with, I wanted to 
start with your headcount number. We have seen an increase of 13,246 over the last two quarters. 
And this is interesting because it is coming at a time when your peer, TCS, is cutting 30,000 jobs. 
How should we read into this? I mean, is this a real indicator of how you see the demand environment 
improving? 
And with that, I wanted to get to your guidance figure being raised to 3% to 3.5%. How much of that 
upgrade is because of large deals like NHS being factored in? How much of the Versent acquisition, 
which is yet to be completed as we understand, is baked into that number? And, last quarter, you 
were telling us, for instance, there are segments like Retail that remain the weakest link, so where 
are you seeing improvement that has led you to upgrade your guidance? That is one. 
Also, sequentially, we have seen a bit of a marginal dip in your margins that is to 20.8%. This is at a 
time when there are tailwinds emerging from the rupee depreciation. So if you could break down why 
that has been the case? And while you continue to tell us about how you are uniquely placed to 
exploit that AI opportunity, and the likes of HCLTech and TCS have been giving us concrete 
numbers. Why does Infosys refrain from doing so? Thank you. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 4   
Salil Parekh 
So let me start. On margin, Jayesh might have some points.  
I think the first part, I missed a little bit, it was the headcount increase, right? Yes, so on the headcount 
increase, I think it demonstrates that we have confidence in where the market is and what we are 
seeing in terms of the demand. And that also feeds in, in a way to the second point you had in terms 
of how are we raising the growth guidance. 
So first, in terms of the growth guidance, we are just finishing the third quarter, so only one quarter 
is left. We have had a lot of large deals in the previous few quarters. Plus we had a very strong 
execution in this quarter. 
You asked a little bit about the industries. We have seen, for example, in Financial services, and we 
have seen in Energy, Utilities, Resources, Services, we see that the way the deals have come, the 
way we have become AI partner of choice with our largest clients, we see a good outlook even as 
we look into the next financial year. And that in part helped us to increase the guidance, which is 
only for this financial year, which is ending in March.  
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So first of all, very Happy New Year to all of you. Before I come to margin, I just wanted to also touch 
upon the headcount part. If you recollect last year, we had called out that we are going to hire 20,000 
freshers this year. We have onboarded roughly around 18,000 freshers, and we are well on our way 
to finish our 20,000 number for this year, which, in a way, reflects in a headcount also because many 
of them are under training. And if you look at our utilization, including trainees, has come down. So, 
that is our investment into building capacity for future in a way. So that is on the headcount. 
If you look at margins, we have expanded our margin this quarter by 20 basis points versus the last 
quarter. We are now on a nine-month basis at 21% margin, which is midpoint of the guidance that 
we have given. The puts and takes of 20 basis point expansion this quarter is 40 basis points came 
from currency, 50 basis points came from the Project Maximus, mainly on account of value-based 
selling and the lean & automation that we have done on multiple projects, offset by the furloughs and 
lower working days that we had. We also accrued a higher variable pay compared to last quarter, 
which was offset by some of the one-offs that we got. So that is the broad margin walk in a way. 
But if you look at the nine months period margin, which is 21%, we have invested in our sales and 
marketing, which has gone up by 50 basis points on a year-on-year basis. So that has been absorbed 
in the margin. The lower utilization of almost 1% has been absorbed in our margin. So this margin is 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 5   
after absorbing all of that, where on one side, we are building capacity for future, on the other side, 
we are investing in sales and marketing, and we still had a stable margin plan. 
Ritu Singh 
Do you have an outlook for next year now that you are completing this 20,000 for the year? You have 
had a lower attrition as well this quarter. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
We will have an outlook once we give our guidance for next year in April. 
Ritu Singh 
And also the wage hikes, what is planned for the year and what kind of impact that could have on 
the margins from here on? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So we just finished one cycle of our wage, which was in two parts in January and April. We have not 
yet decided on the next part yet. We will decide on that as we progress. 
Salil Parekh 
On AI, I think one of the points I shared, and we have a lot of that sort of information was with our 
largest 200 clients, with over 90% of them, we are doing AI work. What we are doing in AI is unique 
AI services with clients. And also, we have reshaped all of our existing services, leveraging AI in. For 
example, we are using agents in several of our service lines to help enhance either growth or 
productivity. So that is what we are sharing in terms of what our impact is. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Ritu. The next question is from Mansee Dave from ET Now. 
Mansee Dave 
Good afternoon, Salil and Jayesh. This is Mansee Dave from ET Now, ET Now Swadesh. My 
question is on demand visibility, tech spending and AI adoption. Now looking at the constant currency 
growth scenarios and commentary around fewer billing days and deal timing, how are clients thinking 
about calendar year 2026 tech spending, especially discretionary versus transformational-led 
programs? And at the same time, pace of enterprise AI adoption as well as tech spending outlook 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 6   
are amongst the key monitorables which we were looking towards. How does the scenario look like? 
And how are the pricing models evolving according to you? 
Salil Parekh 
So I will start with that, maybe a little bit on the pricing, Jayesh might have some views.  
On the demand, we see good demand outlook, we have had strong large deals. Our large deals 
pipeline remains healthy. And we are seeing in the two industries that I mentioned, on Financial 
services, on Energy Resources, Utility, Services, a way that our work on AI is going and the way the 
deals have shaped up, we see a good outlook as we look even beyond this financial year into the 
next financial year. 
On Financial services, specifically, we see discretionary spend and good traction in what we are 
seeing across the market. Having said that, overall, we want to still see all of the other industries and 
segments start to show that. But these two are definitely something that we are seeing today. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
And on the pricing, I think as the newer and newer technology evolve, every time there is a change 
like that, you see a new pricing model evolving as well. We are seeing multiple new pricing models 
evolving. Some of them are being led by us, whether it is outcome-based pricing or whether it is 
pricing, which is specific to agents, etc. So a little early in my mind in terms of calling out specifically 
what are the pricing models going to evolve on this. But everybody is testing new pricing models at 
this point in time. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Shristi Achar from The Economic Times. 
Shristi Achar 
Hi. Happy New Year to all of you. So a couple of quick questions on, one, I wanted to know on the 
sharp decline in operating margins that we are seeing. So I want to know if the impact is beyond the 
labor code charges that the company has taken. 
And I also wanted to know, there has also been a sequential decline in your revenue contribution 
from your top 5 and top 10 clients. So can you give us a sense of why that is happening? And what 
the next couple of quarters look like on that? 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 7   
On the third, sorry, this is the last one. So, I also wanted to know on the whole H-1B row that is going 
on. So, this morning also, we saw some claims of employees being deported on the same as well. 
So I wanted to just know what is going on around that. 
Salil Parekh 
You want to start on the labor code? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes, so if you look at the margins, if you are looking at reported margins, yes, the reported margins 
were impacted because of labor code. But if you look at the adjusted margins, as we have called it 
out also, the adjusted margins have actually expanded. If you exclude the impact of labor codes, 
adjusted margins have expanded by 20 basis points sequentially. And on a full year basis, it has 
remained 21%, which is similar to our last year margin. 
And that, as I said earlier, that was after absorbing the investment that we have done in sales and 
marketing, which would have impacted margins by 50 basis points, after absorbing the impact of 
lower utilization, which is building capacity for future. So after absorbing both of that, we have been 
able to maintain margins. You had a second question? 
Rishi Basu 
Client contribution. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. Client contribution. I think sequentially, client contribution is not a way to see in my mind 
because there is a seasonality involved. Every Q3, you typically have furloughs, etc., which would 
have impacted certain specific clients and larger the clients, larger will be the impact of furloughs if 
there is one in that account. Typically, you will see that year-on-year, and we do not really see a 
significant change in the year-on-year client metrics. 
Salil Parekh 
On your last question, I just want to read out, no Infosys employee has been apprehended by any 
U.S. authority. A few months ago, one of our employees was denied entry into the U.S. and was sent 
back to India. 
Rishi Basu 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 8   
Thank you. The next question is from Chandra Srikanth from Moneycontrol. 
Chandra Srikanth 
Hi, Salil. Just a follow-on to that, so this employee who was not allowed and sent back, are you 
contesting that in any form? Secondly, one of the big trends this quarter we have seen is a big 
acquisition from Coforge, where they acquired Encora for $2.35 bn; TCS has acquired Coastal Cloud 
for $700 mn. So, can we expect more action on the M&A front? Are there assets that are attractive, 
if you can take us through your M&A strategy? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
On M&A, as we have looked at over the last few quarters, we have done acquisitions on cyber, on 
consulting and energy services. And we will continue with that sort of an approach. We have a good 
pipeline of possible companies that we are looking at and discussions. We have strong support in 
terms of our balance sheet. So, we will continue with that. It is not something that is different in that 
sense from what we were doing in the past. We have a set of areas we are also looking in 
geographies which are new we are looking at expanding in some service areas where we can go 
deeper. So that will continue on. 
Chandra Srikanth 
On the ICE, any other details that you can share? 
Salil Parekh 
That is what I have to share. 
Chandra Srikanth 
Okay. Jayesh, sorry, just one thing on the labor code. So, according to your fact sheet, Infosys has 
incurred `1,289 crores on account of labor codes. So, has the full impact been absorbed? Or will it 
sort of be staggered? How will that work? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, whatever is to be accrued till this quarter end has been accrued in the books. Labor code has 
impact across multiple aspects, whether it is gratuity, whether it is other aspects of wage, and that 
has been accrued. There will be an ongoing impact of roughly around 15 basis points. That will 
happen on an annual basis. That is a regular impact of the labor code as we go ahead. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 9   
Rishi Basu 
Thanks, Chandra. The next question is from Haripriya Suresh from Reuters News. 
Haripriya Suresh 
Good evening. A few questions. One, on the H-1B front, will you be looking at making new 
applications? Or is it primarily just hiring in the U.S. and the employees that you have already? In 
Retail, is there specific softness because of how America is right now? And when do you sort of see 
that recovery? And third is, Salil, your term for a CEO ends in March 2027. That is the five-year term. 
What is succession plan? Has that started? And what is that looking like? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
On the first one, on H-1 and what the recruiting is. So, our approach is very clear. We have, as we 
have shared in the past, majority of our employees in the U.S. who are not requiring any visa, we 
are continuing with our deployments and our delivery using a mix of what we have work in the U.S. 
and work in India. So, no changes to that approach. At this stage, we are continuing with our process 
because there is an existing set. We will examine it as it comes up in the future.  
On Retail, what we are seeing is there are some places where we see positives, there are some 
places where we see different client situations, which are under some cost containment for that 
subvertical within that. So, we are waiting and we are pushing to make sure that the Retail pipeline, 
which is growing, becomes converted into what we drive into the Retail growth.  
On my own situation, no comment. 
Haripriya Suresh 
Like overall as a company. 
Salil Parekh 
Yes. No comment from my side. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Haripriya. The next question is from Avik Das from The Business Standard. 
Avik Das 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 10   
Thank you. Quick questions. One, a little bit more on the BFSI commentary because what we 
understand that Financial services, BFSI, overall has been improving in the North American 
geography. So which sectors or which sub-segments within that sector is actually growing, if you can 
just throw some more light, Salil? 
And North America seems to have de-grown in a constant currency basis. Any reason? Was it a 
client specific? Or was it any sector specific? Maybe Retail that pulled it down, if you can just throw 
some more light? 
And Jayesh, there seems to be that idea that new large deals will be smaller or maybe far and few 
to come by as more AI-led deals sort of take the center stage. Keeping that in consideration, how do 
you think the margins are going to play out across the industry and for you in specific in the long run? 
Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
So, I will start off on Financial services, we see a good traction across most of the subverticals we 
have within Financial services, we are seeing good traction with retail banks. We are seeing good 
traction with what are considered mid-market banks. We are seeing good traction on payments. We 
are seeing good traction in the mortgage area. So overall, pretty strong. Some are stronger, some 
are less strong. But overall, we see a good demand environment. There is good adoption of AI across 
the spectrum with our large financial services clients. We recently announced, for example, a 
partnership with Cognition, which is very strong, and we are working with them jointly in some of the 
financial services companies. 
On North America, nothing very specific. It is a mix of different industries and different plays. The 
overall situation on Energy, Utilities, on Financial services remains strong, on some of our other 
verticals remains something that is coming back over time, but not yet. 
Avik Das 
On the third on the margin? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. On the large deals, if you look at the deals that we have signed, we have signed $4.8 bn this 
quarter if you look at it even on a nine-month basis, compared to the last year, our deals, large deal 
signings have gone up. So, while there is always a productivity ask that goes up because of AI, etc., 
there is also a lot of deals that are getting structured because of cost optimization, cost takeout, etc., 
from the client side. So, a lot is getting bundled when you look at it.  

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 11   
And on the margin side, large deals always have slightly lower margin than the company average. 
But as a portfolio, you always make up on a margin because the new work that comes up, comes 
up at a better margin, etc., so that is a trend that we have seen. We have not seen a change in the 
trend from that perspective. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Avik. The next question is from Sanjana from The Hindu BusinessLine. 
Sanjana B. 
Hi. Good evening, gentlemen. So Manufacturing and Europe they have grown significantly for Infosys 
this quarter. Both of these were previously seeing some softness. So can you expand on what were 
some factors contributing to this growth? And also, I think the tech budgets for the calendar year 
2026 are expected to be rolled out soon. Based on client conversations, what are you hearing? Is 
there any sign of uptick in discretionary spending? 
And also, the guidance was raised upwards despite seasonalities and uncertainties. Any reasons for 
this? And the last question, regarding the collaboration with Cognition, which is an AI startup, what 
were the gaps in your AI portfolio that you were looking to bridge with this particular collaboration? 
How is this contributing to your whole AI momentum?  Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
So starting on Manufacturing and Europe. Firstly, I think Europe has been in a good position for us 
for many quarters. And actually, even Manufacturing has had a strong activity across the board, we 
have seen good traction. There are pieces within the Manufacturing client base, which are benefiting 
massively from the AI growth. For example, we work with companies that provide power solutions.  
We work with companies that provide manufacturing into those solutions that provide engine 
capacity, that provide generating capacity. So there is a lot of those pieces which are doing well, 
those client industry components, which are doing well and where our team is really active on that. 
We have also got some good traction within Manufacturing on the engineering part of the work, 
engineering services part of the work.  
Rishi Basu 
Guided tech budgets for 2026. Discretionary spend. 
Salil Parekh 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 12   
On the discretionary spend overall. So first, on Financial services, we are definitely seeing that what 
we shared earlier. We are seeing a good set of deals which have happened, and then we see that 
with the AI traction we have in that industry, the next financial year, we will have better outcomes 
than this financial year on that, and Financial services, is going well this year. 
Similarly, on Energy and Utilities, we are seeing a good set of deals that have come together across 
the whole industry vertical, and that is helping us with that momentum. So, those are the ones we 
are seeing. 
On the others, we are not seeing any deterioration, so which is one sign. And we see overall, the 
macro environment seems to be where people are expecting maybe some interest rate cuts. So we 
will see if that happens, especially in the U.S. And then some of the other expansions we are doing, 
for example, we have a program where we are working with some of our smaller sets of clients, and 
those are growing pretty well. So overall, we feel that as we look out into the next year, these are 
things that support our growth. 
Then on AI itself, we are seeing what I shared earlier in these six areas, where we see a potential 
good growth over the next several years, not just in the next year, and as we start to execute on that, 
that will help us.  
Rishi Basu 
Cognition. 
Salil Parekh 
On Cognition, so it is not so much a gap. So what the Cognition people are doing is they have built 
an agent which is working to do software development. And we are working with our clients as a 
partner with them, where we are building agent capacity, and we are enabling those agents to work 
in a client environment.  
So, the advantage is that we have a detailed understanding of how the client technology landscape 
is set up and we have a good understanding of what are the industry constraints or opportunities 
are. And that, combined with the software agent with Cognition, becomes a very powerful 
combination in many clients. So, that is something that will expand quite nicely. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Jas Bardia from The Mint.  
Jas Bardia 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 13   
Good evening, sir. Just two-pronged questions. In what segments and for what clients will you all be 
using these AI software engineers? And how will this impact delivery? How will this impact billing? 
And more importantly, how will it impact future hiring? That is FY-'27 onwards, considering you are 
using a lot of these AI software engineers to work in client projects actively. 
Salil Parekh 
So, what we see there first, where will it be used? My sense is as I have interacted with our clients 
and with some of these partner companies, the usage is going to be across essentially every 
industry, every client over time. So, it is a function of what is the client landscape and what it is that 
they want to achieve. 
My sense is there are, for example, in those six that I described earlier, there are places where the 
economics have changed completely from a client perspective. If you take legacy modernization, 
here, if you use software agents, plus our expertise, plus our knowledge, the whole economics from 
a client perspective becomes much better, and that allows a lot of these projects, which were not 
happening before to start happening.  
So, it is not the case of something which was being done, which is now being done differently, that 
will also happen. But this is more a case of something which was not being done, which will now 
start to happen. So in that light, we will continue to hire. As Jayesh mentioned earlier, we will 
announce as we do in April, our plan for next year, we are going to hire on campus. We know that. 
And this year till today, we have done 18,000. We will do 20,000 campus hires and we will continue 
in that sort of a range for next year because these are new areas of demand. And so it is incremental 
to what we are doing. And we will have our people working and these software agents, which makes 
the overall economics for the client much better. 
Jas Bardia 
The billing? 
Salil Parekh 
The value that we create will drive the billing. So, lot of these things will be based on the traditional 
ways, as Jayesh was saying on billing. And a lot over time, will change as the AI market itself 
develops. So today, there is not any immediate change. But over time, we will see that. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Jas. The next question is from Poulomi Chatterjee from The Financial Express. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 14   
Poulomi Chatterjee 
Good evening. So, I wanted to ask, recently, we have seen across Indian IT, there has been a slew 
of like AI-related acquisitions. So, what is your approach with regards to that? And also IT companies 
are now competitively hiring specialized AI talent among freshers who are getting paid significantly 
more. So, what does the talent pool look like? And what are you looking at when you are hiring these 
set of people? 
Salil Parekh 
So, in terms of acquisitions, in the landscape, there are not so many AI services companies today 
that we see. What we do see are companies where we are partnering, which are really AI, whether 
they build agents or models or foundational tools, which exists, and those are the ones we are 
partnering with. We will look in an acquisition approach to AI as they start to appear as larger AI 
services companies. And we have some that we are looking at, which is part of our overall 
acquisition, meaning there are other things in the acquisition as well. 
In terms of the compensation, I think Infosys has always been a leader in making sure that we put 
new constructs in regard to our employees and the new people we recruit. What we have now done 
with the most recent approach and launch is put together an approach for very good software 
engineers who will work in AI and who will have that level of expertise to be specialized engineers 
within our structure and with different and higher or much higher compensation levels. 
So, in the AI world, there will be different types of people working jointly with AI agents with different 
levels of training. And we want to make sure that we remain in the leading position in that recruitment 
environment. And with that, what we have launched for specialized engineers, that is the approach 
we have put in place. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Poulomi. The next question is from Uma Kannan from Deccan Herald. 
Uma Kannan 
Good evening, gentlemen. So last year, you announced AI-first GCC model. So, I want to understand 
how it is shaping up? And a follow-up question on partnership. This month alone, you have 
announced a couple of partnerships. Going forward, will there be more AI-native collaboration? 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 15   
And one more question. Some of your peers have made it mandatory to stay at the office for six 
hours. So, do you have any plans when it comes to office hours' requirement or will you continue the 
present hybrid flexible model? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
So, on the GCC, we have, as you mentioned, launched the AI-specific approach. We have a lot of 
client activity in that. We have some clients we are already working on that. There are several others 
which are in the pipeline for large AI-specific capability building in GCC. So beyond regular GCC 
work that we are doing, and that is going pretty well at this stage. 
In terms of partnerships, we will have a number of different partnerships because there are several 
companies, smaller companies, but with great capability on AI on the foundation model, on coding, 
on agent development, on customer service. So, we will continue with that because those are the 
areas which our clients are most interested in, and we will continue. We are already working with 
those companies, but we will have these sort of strategic announcements as well. And the third one? 
Rishi Basu 
Work from home. 
Salil Parekh 
Work from home. No, we are not making any change to our approach. We will remain flexible in the 
way we are today and the way that our employees are interacting with the company and with our 
clients. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Uma. The next question is from Padmini Dhruvaraj from The New Indian Express. 
Padmini Dhruvaraj 
Hi. Good evening. Sorry if these questions have been already asked. So one is, going forward, do 
you see labor code having an impact on profit margins? And do you see this having an impact on 
your appraisals going forward? And the U.S. government plans to cap the credit card limit, interest 
limit at 10%. So do you see this also having an impact? 
Salil Parekh 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 16   
So let me start with the second one, Labor code, Jayesh mentioned, I can also mention on the 
appraisal. On the U.S. credit card, what you mentioned, that is something that the U.S. banking 
system will look at and how they have to implement it. What we do with our clients, with the large 
banks is help them as they have to go through different regulatory changes. And if that requires our 
help and support, we will continue to do that. On the margin impact, Jayesh mentioned the number 
and on the appraisals, there will be no change in our appraisal approach. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So on the labor code, whatever is the impact till December end is already taken in our financial 
statement. That is a one-time impact because the regulation has changed, and there is an impact 
for the number of years that employees would have served for us, etc. So that impact has already 
been taken in the financial statements. There will also be an ongoing impact because of the wage 
code that has changed, and that will be taken as and when we go through that. That is approximately 
15 basis points on an annual basis. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Padmini. Thank you. With that, we come to the end of this press conference. We thank 
our friends from media. Thank you, Salil, and thank you, Jayesh. 
Before we conclude, please note that the archived webcast of this press conference will be available 
on the Infosys website and on our YouTube channel later today. Thank you very much, and please 
join us for high tea outside. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 1   
  
                                                           Infosys Limited 
Q3 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call 
January 14, 2026 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Financial Controller and Head - Investor Relations 
 
ANALYSTS  
 
Ankur Rudra 
JPMorgan 
 
Bryan Bergin 
TD Cowen 
 
Ashwin Mehta 
Ambit Capital 
 
Abhishek Pathak 
Motilal Oswal 
 
Jonathan Lee 
Guggenheim Securities 
 
Vibhor Singhal 
Nuvama Equities 
 
Keith Bachman 
BMO Capital Markets 
 
Gaurav Rateria 
Morgan Stanley 
 
Sandeep Shah 
Equirus Securities 
 
Jamie Friedman 
Susquehanna International Group 
 
Dipesh Mehta 
Emkay Global 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 2   
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Infosys Limited Q3 FY'26 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. 
Mahindroo. 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Hello everyone, and welcome to Infosys earnings call for Q3 FY'26. Let me start by wishing all of you 
a very Happy New Year. Joining us on this call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh, CFO, Mr. Jayesh 
Sanghrajka, along with other members of the leadership team. We will start the call with some 
remarks on the performance of the company, subsequent to which the call will be opened up for 
questions.  
Please note that anything we say that refers to our future outlook is a forward-looking statement that 
must be read in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. A complete statement and 
explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, which can be found on 
www.sec.gov.  
I would now like to pass on the call to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Sandeep. Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call. Thank you for joining 
us. Warm wishes to you for the new year.  
We had a strong performance in Q3. Our revenues grew 0.6% sequentially and 1.7% year-on-year 
in constant currency terms. Our large deals were at $4.8 bn with 57% net new. This was across 26 
deals. Our adjusted operating margin was 21.2%. We generated free cash flow of $915 mn. 
One of the most significant large deals we won was with the National Health Service in the U.K. This 
$1.6 bn deal expands our work in the Healthcare sector. We will help NHS leverage AI to streamline 
operations and improve patient care for U.K. citizens. We have deepened our Topaz AI capability 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 3   
with an agent services suite called Topaz Fabric. This suite helps our clients manage and implement 
AI agents across the enterprise. 
We are expanding our strategic partnerships with AI companies. We recently announced a 
partnership with Cognition. Here, we will combine Cognition's Devin software agent with Infosys' 
knowledge of the client landscape and industry expertise. We are already working with them across 
clients.  
Industry analysts recognize Infosys for its leadership in AI. In financial year 2026, we were 
recognized as a leader across 12 ratings. We had strong momentum in AI adoption across our client 
base. Today, we work with 90% of our 200 largest clients to unlock value with AI. We are currently 
working on 4,600 AI projects. Our teams have generated over 28 mn lines of code using AI. We have 
built over 500 agents. We are scaling our forward deployed engineer team. 
Our clients are turning to us as trusted partners to drive value realization from AI investments. Some 
of the areas they focus on are fragmented data, legacy application landscape and business 
workflows that are not conducive for AI. We bring together a deep understanding of clients' 
technology landscape, strong data engineering and process reimagination capabilities to help them 
capture value at scale from AI.  
We aspire to make AI work for clients delivering business outcomes for cost, revenue growth and 
innovation. We are witnessing six AI-led value pools emerging that could unlock a large incremental 
opportunity for us. We also see productivity-led benefits that compress some legacy areas.  
The six value pools of opportunity in AI services we see are,  
- 
AI engineering services,  
- 
Data for AI,  
- 
Agents for operations,  
- 
AI software development and legacy modernization,  
- 
AI and physical devices and  
- 
AI trust and risk services 
We believe we are uniquely positioned to capture market share across these value pools and emerge 
as the leading AI value creator for global enterprises. We will share a comprehensive view on our 
approach at an Investor Day later this quarter.  
In Financial services, we see good traction in large deals and discretionary projects. In Financial 
services and in Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services verticals, we expect acceleration in 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 4   
financial year 2027 over financial year 2026. This is based on good deal wins and AI preferred partner 
status with 15 of our largest 25 clients in each of these verticals. 
With the strong performance in this quarter, we have revised our revenue guidance for the financial 
year. The new revenue growth guidance for this financial year is 3% to 3.5% growth in constant 
currency. Our operating margin guidance for the financial year remains the same at 20% to 22%.  
With that, let me hand it over to Jayesh for his update. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you, Salil. Good morning, good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining the call today. 
First of all, a very Happy New Year to all of you.  
Coming to the quarter, our Q3 performance demonstrates continued momentum we saw in the last 
two quarters, underscoring resilience of our business model, relevance of our offerings and our 
disciplined execution.  
We had another quarter of growth, despite seasonal weakness and reduction in third party costs. 
The results for Q3 FY'26 include a charge associated with change in labor codes in India, which had 
an impact on operating profit, net profit, EPS and free cash flow for the quarter. Reference to the 
adjusted numbers exclude the impact from the same.  
Revenue for Q3 was $5.1 bn, up 0.6% sequentially and 1.7% year-on-year basis in constant currency 
terms. Operating margins including the impact of change in labor codes stands at 18.4%, adjusting 
for the same, it is at 21.2%.  
Key highlights of the quarter are as follows: 
1. We achieved strong revenue growth despite seasonality and lower third-party costs. Third-party 
as a percentage of revenue reduced by 0.3% sequentially and approximately 2.4% on a year-
on-year basis.  
2. With three strong quarters of performance, our revenue growth in 9 months stood at 2.8%, which 
is at the higher end of our earlier guided range. This is despite the lower third party, which has 
reduced by approximately 1% compared to the same period last year and now stands at 7.3%. 
3. Momentum in Financial Services continues with 3.9% year-on-year growth in constant currency 
terms. 
4. Among geos, Europe continued to lead the growth by 7.2% year-on-year in constant currency 
terms.  
5. Volumes continue to remain soft for the quarter and the year. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 5   
6. On a 9-month basis, RPP increased, reflecting continued momentum of value-based selling and 
productivity increases that we have achieved.  
7. Adjusted operating margins increased by 20 basis points sequentially to 21.2%.  
8. We continue our investments in sales and marketing, which has increased by double digits this 
year to date and impacting margins by approximately 50 basis points 
9. Utilization, excluding trainees was down by 1% sequentially at 84.1% and including trainees, was 
down by 2.2% to 80% as we continue to create capacity for future growth opportunities.  
10. Our adjusted margins for 9 months are at 21% at midpoint of guidance after absorbing 
accelerated investment in sales and marketing as well as lower utilization.  
11. On-site mix further reduced by 10 basis points in Q3 and by 70 basis points in 9 months FY'26. 
12. Investment in talent continues. Net headcount increased by 5,000 to 337,000 employees. LTM 
attrition declined by 2% sequentially and 1.4% on a year-on-year basis, reflecting both market 
conditions and our focus on employee retention and upskilling.  
13. Large deal TCV was robust at $4.8 bn in Q3 with 57% net new. Total large deal TCV for 9 months 
stood at $11.7 bn, exceeding the total large deal TCV of full year FY'25. Net new deal TCV for 9 
months was up by 40% as compared to the same period last year. Large deal pipeline continues 
to be healthy.  
14. Our razor-sharp focus aided by the deployment of AI agents on our order to receivable cycle has 
resulted in decline of 5 days in DSO, including net unbilled to 82 days sequentially.  
15. Driven by strong collections, free cash flow generation adjusted for labor codes remained robust 
at $965 mn, which is 113% of adjusted net profit. Adjusted free cash flow conversion for 9 months 
stood at 118%.  
16. Adjusted EPS in rupee terms for 9 months FY'26 grew at double digits at 11.5%.  
17. During the quarter, we successfully completed our largest ever buyback, returning INR18,000 
crores to our shareholders, which will help EPS accretion. We also paid out interim dividend for 
FY'26 in line with our capital allocation policy. 
Adjusted operating margins for Q3 expanded by 20 basis points to 21.2% sequentially. Major 
components of changes are as below:  
Tailwinds of  
- 
40 basis points from currency movement,  
- 
40 basis points from Maximus comprising primarily of value-based selling, critical portfolios and 
lean & automation,  
offset by  

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 6   
- 
70 basis point impact from furloughs and lower working days.  
The impact of higher variable pay was partly offset by one-off benefits during the quarter. 
Consolidated cash and investments were at $3.9 bn at the end of the quarter after returning $3 bn 
to the shareholders in the form of dividend and buyback.  
Yield on cash balance was at 6.19% and ROE stood at 32.8%.  
We signed 26 large deals during the quarter, including two mega deals. This includes 10 in Financial 
services, 4 in Retail, 3 each in Life Sciences and Manufacturing, 2 each in Communication, EURS 
and Hi-tech. Region-wise, we signed 16 deals in America, 9 in Europe and 1 in Rest of World. 
Coming to verticals.  
We see continued momentum in Financial services with approximately 5% growth in last 9 months, 
led by large deal wins and uptick in discretionary spends across sub-verticals like banking, payments, 
mortgages, along with asset and wealth management. There is elevated interest in AI-led 
transformation, platform modernization and vendor consolidation. We are seeing a shift from 
compliance to business growth. Significant core transformation across all FS sub-vertical is creating 
strong long-term strategic pipeline, providing good IP platform partner opportunities. We are now a 
preferred AI partner for top 15 out of 25 banking clients. Uptick in discretionary spend in 
aforementioned sub-verticals and deal wins in recent quarters positions us favorably for better growth 
in FY'27. 
Manufacturing vertical is also impacted by tariff uncertainties, which is preventing clients from 
committing to long-term investments. Discretionary spend is under pressure and decision-making is 
slow. Industrial and Aero are doing well, but Auto sector remains challenged. Clients are prioritizing 
cost discipline, consolidation and efficiency, and we are supporting them through digital 
rationalizations and AI-led productivity initiatives. Overall pipeline remains healthy and focus on cost 
takeouts, infra consolidation and ERP modernization.  
EURS companies are increasingly allocating budgets towards AI infrastructure, data readiness, 
cloud and software platforms. There is demand for setting up GCCs across sectors with most clients 
looking at SIs to complement their GCC strategy. We are a preferred AI partner for top 15 out of top 
25 clients. We are seeing an increase in discretionary demand in Utilities and Energy, which should 
lead to growth acceleration in FY'27. Utility sector is witnessing increase in demand driven by 
massive investments in infra and AI data centers. While discretionary demand in energy sector is 
focused on decarbonization and low-carbon solutions, there is also focus on cost optimization and 
consolidation due to enterprise AI adoption. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 7   
Retail and CPG clients continue to experience uncertainty due to the ongoing tariff negotiations and 
evolving geopolitical equations. Clients are prioritizing cost takeouts and AI-led productivity deals 
while discretionary spends remains soft apart from SAP, DNA, testing and AI augmented services. 
We continue to leverage Topaz and our AI Next platform to deliver measurable business value with 
robust guardrails around privacy, governance and augmenting customer and employee experiences. 
Communication sector continues to be impacted by geopolitical uncertainty. However, our deal wins 
in prior quarters are helping us driving growth acceleration year-on-year over last few quarters. 
Telcos are prioritizing AI automation and transformation productivity increases, while traditionally IT 
remains under pressure. Clients are increasingly seeking partnerships with SIs for scaling and 
innovation within complex ecosystems. Focus is on outcome-based engagement models rather than 
traditional effort-based pricing model. Our stellar execution in a seasonally weak quarter is a clear 
reflection of our ability to navigate the uncertain environment effectively. 
Strong year-to-date performance and robust deal wins have enabled us to revise our revenue 
guidance for FY'26 upward to 3% to 3.5%. This does not include any revenues from the joint venture 
with Telstra as we still await the regulatory approvals. Our operating margin guidance remains at 
20% to 22%.  
With that, we can open up for the questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra 
Hi. Thank you, and Happy New Year to you too. Good to see a nice print here. Just first couple of 
questions on the revenue and the demand side. You know, the signs have been quite strong for the 
last couple of quarters. And momentum has been quite strong as well. 
I am just curious why the outlook, the implied outlook for fourth quarter cannot be stronger than it is. 
And secondly, I just want to confirm that your comment is for a growth acceleration in FY '27 for the 
overall business and not for a segment alone? 
And are you seeing any signs of short-cycle projects or discretionary spending expanding beyond 
financial services and energy also, especially when you think about FY '27? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 8   
So first, on what we are seeing in terms of the momentum and the deals, all of that has led to the 
increase in the guidance keeping in mind the overall picture. So  Jayesh mentioned a little bit about 
financial services, about energy, utilities, the overall deals.  
And then if you look at some of our other sectors, we are still seeing those sectors starting to come 
up, but not at that level. So, keeping all of that in mind, we have increased the guidance for what we 
see in Q4. 
On the numbers for next year – so, what we have shared today is in the two verticals, Energy, Utilities, 
Resources and Services, and in Financial services, we see that the growth on financial year '27 to 
'26 will be good. And that is because of the deals we have won large and other deals and the AI 
where we have partners with 15 of our large 25 clients.  
So those two things especially are giving us that view. We are not making a comment on the overall 
business. We are not saying anything on the overall at this stage. 
Ankur Rudra 
Appreciate that. Thank you so much. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Ankur, if I can just add to what Salil was saying on guidance and your question on why Q4 guidance 
cannot be elevated more. You should also remember that there is a lower working day / calendar 
day impact in this quarter, which is usually seasonally there. So, that is also a headwind from the 
guidance perspective. 
Ankur Rudra 
Appreciate it. Just a question for you, Jayesh, as well on the margin side. Margins appear to be down 
20 basis points if I adjust the gains from the property sale this time. Could you highlight if you are 
seeing any kind of pricing pressure? And also, how do you see the puts and takes going forward? 
Also, given a lot more disclosure on the AI side, which is appreciated, I am curious if AI is a headwind 
or a tailwind on your margins when you do these 4,600 AI projects. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So you are right, there was a benefit that we got this quarter, and I did call that out that benefit 
was largely offset by the higher variable pay that we also provided in the financial statements this 
quarter. So that is the put and take of the margin. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 9   
On the pricing, if you look at our consistent pricing commentary has been that our pricing is accretive. 
We have seen consistently our pricing going up on back of various factors, including AI, including 
Project Maximus. New gen pricing is part of the Project Maximus, which includes how do you price 
these new AI projects, etc.,. So, we do not really see an impact or a headwind coming because of 
the AI projects on pricing, especially. 
Ankur Rudra 
Understood. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bryan from TD Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Bryan Bergin 
Hi, good evening. Thank you. I wanted to ask on North America. So just your comment on your view 
going forward here, at least in the coming quarters, you see it just dipped down to a contraction of 
minus 1% on a year-on-year basis. Was that due to any particular industries? And just how do you 
see that progressing here as you go through March and beyond? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes so, this is what we had called out at the beginning of the year when we provided our original 
guidance that looking at the deals in the pipeline, looking at the projects that we have and the projects 
or large deals that were under execution. 
We expected this year, the third-party cost and therefore, the third-party revenue to be lower than 
the last year. It is across segments. Of course, the impact of it by segment could vary, but the impact 
is across segments. 
Bryan Bergin 
Okay understood. And then just as it relates to the commentary on budgets going forward, can you 
just comment on the conversations you are having with enterprises now as it relates to their calendar 
'26 budgets. As you think about this right now versus this time last year, any key changes worth 
noting? 
Salil Parekh 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 10   
I think what we see now is, first, the comment that we made earlier on Energy, Utilities vertical and 
Financial services. In Financial services, we also see discretionary work that is more prevalent. And 
then we see much more activity on AI. And in the AI area, what we are starting to identify as the six 
value pools areas where we can drive faster growth. We are seeing traction on that. 
And with some of the partnerships we have announced and some others that we are already working 
with companies on, we see good momentum. So, those are the two things that we are seeing. Some 
of the discretionary in FS, good momentum in those two Energy Utilities and Financial services. And 
then in AI, more activity, which is different from this time of last year. 
Bryan Bergin 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta 
Yes, hi. So just one question in terms of healthcare. It seems to have done pretty well this quarter, 
almost $44 mn of incremental revenues, which is nearly double of our overall incremental revenues. 
So, what is the driver of the healthcare growth? And secondly, was there any contribution from the 
NHS deal in this quarter? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes, Ashwin, healthcare did benefit from the contribution from the NHS deal that we signed. 
Ashwin Mehta 
And we expect residual contribution as you get into the next quarter or this is kind of scaled up? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Ashwin, we do not provide deal by deal revenue estimates per se, right? But yes, healthcare did 
benefit from the NHS. 
Ashwin Mehta 
Fair. And the second question is in terms of wage hikes. I missed the initial comments, but any 
decision in terms of the wage hikes? And are they expected in 4Q? 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 11   
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So on the wage hike, whenever we decide that we have always considered multiple factors; when 
was the last wage hike was done, what are the market scenarios, the inflation, etc. If you look at this 
calendar, we have already rolled out wage hikes in two stages, effective - one part was effective 
January, the other one was effective April, like we always do. So, we have not decided the next cycle 
yet. 
Ashwin Mehta 
Okay. Fair enough. Thanks a lot, and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Pathak from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Pathak 
Hi, team, congrats on a good quarter. So, a couple of questions. Firstly, do you think this is the year 
when clients kind of move from the AI strategy being good to have to something of a necessity, right, 
which means that, is this a year when foundational AI work starts getting taken seriously across 
verticals? That is the first one. 
And secondly, on the Cognition deal, being a very interesting sort of partnership. Very curious to 
know how you are pricing this, how you are taking it to clients? I mean, is Devin kind of initially 
leading to a bit of cannibalization in revenues? And how are those contracts structured? And over 
the next 1 to 2 years, how do you expect a typical deal with, let us say, an agent like Devin and 
yourself sort of structured? So those are two questions. 
Salil Parekh 
So, on the first one, what we are seeing is there is more and more interest in AI work across different 
industries. So, we will continue to see that going through the year. We will now watch and see 
because every quarter so far and especially in Q3, we have seen that interest, our pipeline, the 
number of projects, our penetration of our large 200 clients with AI work, all of that is going up, and 
it is across those different verticals. 
There is much more activity there, which we called out in financial services, but we also see that in 
Telco, we see that in pharma, healthcare, we see that in Energy, Utilities. We see a little bit in Life 
sciences. So, it is not like only one sector. But yes, in FS, it is quite a bit more. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 12   
On Cognition, the way that works is basically the Devin software agent and our work, we are doing 
joint work in clients already today. So, what tends to happen is there are certain sets of activity. For 
example, we see some things on legacy modernization where in the past, that was a large long 
commitment for clients. With this combination between a software agent and Infosys and our 
knowledge of the client landscape and of the industry - things become much more addressable. 
And so those newer areas, those are the six value pools that I referenced earlier. This is one of them. 
Those are the new areas that start to come into play. And in this particular case with Devin, that is 
one example. There are others where that agent can be used in different places. And that is the type 
of growth we are seeing because that is new work that would ordinarily not have been done at all, 
but now can be attempted in a combination. 
Abhishek Pathak 
Got it. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Jonathan Lee from Guggenheim Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Jonathan Lee 
Great. Happy New Year and thanks for taking my questions. Can you speak to the level of visibility 
and certainty you have in your implied fiscal 4Q revenue growth relative to the visibility you have had 
in prior years around this time? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Hi, Jonathan, this is Jayesh here. I mean, whenever we have looked at the guidance, we do take 
into account multiple factors, the deals that we have signed, the deals that are ramping up and the 
usual factors affecting the quarter like calendar days, working days, etc. So, I think that is what has 
gone into guidance this time as well. What I can tell you is at the lower end we have baked in a 
higher amount of uncertainty. And at the higher end, we have baked in a better macro environment 
Jonathan Lee 
That is good color. Thank you. And a follow-up, can you help us reconcile what you are seeing 
around subcontractor usage in the quarter versus the downtick in utilization you are seeing? Is there 
a skill gap that you might be facing and how should we think about that dynamic going forward? 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 13   
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes, so subcon historically, you are right, is always a factor of where the skill gaps are, where the 
skills that you need depending on the geography, depending on the tenure of the requirement, etc. 
And that is how the subcon uptick or downtick happens in the market in our scenario and that is what 
has happened this quarter as well. There are some of the large deals, there are some of the deals 
which would have started ramping up and we needed to dip into the subcontractors to fulfill those 
requirements, which is what is reflected in the uptick. 
Jonathan Lee 
Appreciate that. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Hi, thanks for taking my question and congrats on a solid performance. Salil, my question was on 
two key verticals, Manufacturing and the Hi-Tech division. So Manufacturing, just wanted to pick your 
brains on how are you seeing the traction in this vertical, given the kind of headwinds the Auto 
companies are seeing globally in terms of their EV rollouts and the competition. How are different 
parts of the Manufacturing vertical looking like at this point of time and do you expect the momentum 
to pick up in that? 
On the Hi-Tech vertical, just again I think we saw a sharp drop in this quarter, might have been due 
to seasonality of furloughs, but anything that you are looking at? This vertical has been around $370 
mn, $380 mn kind of run rate for us for quite a while now. What are you looking at in this vertical in 
terms of next drivers of growth and are we seeing any momentum building up in this in the near 
future? 
Salil Parekh 
On Manufacturing, as you mentioned, there is weakness in automotive and in some parts of industrial 
across Europe. We see some strength in some elements in Manufacturing and this is partially in 
U.S., partially in Europe, is supplying capability, which is coming for the build-out of the data centers 
and so on. So, there are some of those companies which are benefiting from that. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 14   
But, the automotive side, as you mentioned, we see that continuing to be weak. We are focused on 
expanding our base there. So, we are looking at that and have successfully worked now with multiple 
automotive companies. We also see that going beyond automotive in the broader manufacturing, 
which is supplying capabilities to the boom in AI and data center activity, not the services, is what is 
going to help us in Manufacturing. 
On Hi-Tech, similarly, there is groups of companies which are strong, there are groups which need 
more attention and we have a portfolio of those companies. Overall, there is still cost pressure in Hi-
Tech and we will push. There is a lot of productivity activity that is going on there where clients are 
looking for productivity benefits.  
And they are also looking some of them for where they will get their growth into. Again, some of the 
companies which are supplying servers, etc., we are seeing those are doing pretty well with the AI 
boom. The others are looking for where are the growth elements that are going to come and we are 
supporting that work. And Hi-Tech also at this stage, we see some constraints in that industry. 
Vibhor Singhal 
But just to further on that. Do you see this vertical maybe picking up for us, not in immediate term, 
but let us say, in the medium to long term, given that the widespread adoption of AI should be and 
some of these companies should be at the forefront of that. Do you think this vertical could be a good 
growth driver for us maybe sometime down the line? 
Salil Parekh 
So, I think in the medium term or longer, my sense is Hi-Tech is a good industry. We are very 
comfortable to be in it, as you pointed out. With different ways of AI impacting it across different value 
pools, they will also go through those changes. 
 But we have to make sure that we are providing them the services that they are looking for and in a 
way that they have a lot of cost pressures today that becomes manageable in their cost structure. 
There is no timeline in my mind. But yes, in the medium term or beyond, Hi-Tech is a good industry 
for us. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it.. Just one last question for Jayesh. Jayesh, as this quarter we took this exceptional item on 
the labor law impact. I would assume that the entire impact that we had to take has been taken. And 
from next quarter, there would not be any exceptional item anymore. And what would be the recurring 
impact of this new labor laws on our P&L in terms of margins? 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 15   
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So, whatever is known at this point in time on back of the regulation that has changed is being 
taken this quarter. We do not expect, unless, of course, there are changes in the regulation, we do 
not expect any further impact going forward as one-off. The recurring impact of this would be 15 
basis points on an ongoing basis approximately. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it, got it. Great, that is it. Thank you so much for taking my question and wish you all the best.  
. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Keith Bachman from BMO Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Keith Bachman 
Yes. Thank you very much. Could you speak on how you anticipate revenue per employee changing 
over the next couple of years and the spirit of the question is driven by trying to better understand 
how you see Infosys in the industry. One of the core value propositions has been managing people 
and growing in terms of managing agents instead of managing people? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So, Keith, it is similar to what we have seen in any other technology wave. If you are ahead of 
the curve, you will see an increase in your productivity because of the premium that you can keep 
with you. If you are behind the curve, then you probably will see a dip. The only measurement that 
would change here is the premium is measured now in terms of productivity. So, if you are delivering 
better productivity, you would be able to keep some of that with you, which will get reflected in better 
pricing. 
If you are behind the curve in delivering the productivity, you would see a dip in pricing. So that is 
how you will see in a traditional environment, the only change I would say is the pricing models per 
se are also changing and emerging. There are newer and newer pricing models emerging, how do 
you price agents, how do you price the underlying platform, etc. But early days to say at this point in 
time, how will that reflect in terms of linearity or non-linearity. 
Keith Bachman 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 16   
Okay. And the second one is more micro - there's been some recent press reports about your 
relationship with Daimler in terms of maybe that moving away. Could you speak on anything you 
could comment on Daimler and/or is the Q4 guidance reflecting any attrition in contracts, large 
contracts? 
Or should we be thinking about if we look over the horizon into FY'27, should we be considering any 
major attrition from any major contracts? And that's it for me. Thank you. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So Keith, our current contracts are valid till December end, till December '26. So, we don't really 
see any contracts within that expiring at this point in time. Beyond that, we don't really give a color 
on a client-specific or a project-specific details. 
Keith Bachman 
Okay. All right. Thank you. 
Operator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Yes, hi. My question is on the deal renewal cycle. Your comment did allude to significant productivity 
benefit on the legacy services. So anything that you could share from what you have seen on the 
renewals of your larger deals, specifically using some of the AI tools? What has been the learning 
there? Has there been some amount of leakage, which has been higher than usual? 
Salil Parekh 
So, on the large deals, we are typically seeing, whether it's renewals or also deals which we are 
winning from other companies where we are beneficiaries of consolidation. Typically, across the 
Board, there is a large expectation from clients on AI productivity benefits. 
What we have done is we have modeled in what we are seeing today and built a path to that because 
these are typically three-five year deals. But we are also not in a position where sometimes the client 
expectations over five years are very different. 
So, we have what we are seeing and there we can view what that sort of a benefit is that we can 
provide because these are multiyear deals.  

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 17   
In fact, we are winning large deals quite a lot. If you look at the numbers in the three quarters, we 
have done more than the full year of the previous year. And Q3 was already $4.8 bn. We've seen 
some net new deals, for example, NHS. 
So yes, there is that productivity. But yes, we are also benefiting from consolidation and winning 
things across the Board, where my sense is we are gaining on the market share side. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Got it. My next question on your visibility for CY '26, fair to say that looks better than the last year 
because last year, you entered into the year where you had a big decline in the fourth quarter 
because of some specific issues. And this year, your guidance alludes to kind of a much better fourth 
quarter outlook. 
So your exit rate is much better than the last year. Does it mean that it gives you a little bit of a 
tailwind when you get into the FY'27 compared to last year when you got into FY'26? Thank you.  
Salil Parekh 
I think the way you have described it, you have done the maths on that one because what we can 
see is, our guidance for the full year, we have the range, which gives us a good traction on Q4 with 
a lot of the good deals that have come and what we saw in Q3. Then, we are seeing the discretionary 
coming back in Financial services. Then we are seeing Energy, Utilities and Financial services 
looking better in the next financial year than this financial year. And then we are seeing in AI services, 
the six value pools where we see a good growth opportunity. So all in all, that gives us a good, let 
us say, good view of next year. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Thank you, Salil. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Sandeep Shah 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. Salil, first question, are you 
witnessing the average size of AI-led deals going up materially on a Y-o-Y basis across sectors? 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 18   
And just a follow-up, if answer to this is being yes, one can see clients are now in a state of mind 
where they do not fear in terms of modernization of legacy applications. And if that is true, can it lead 
to a better discretionary spend on that side of the services in CY '26 versus last year? 
Salil Parekh 
On the AI part, so there are two things. One is there are, like, deals which are only AI. One is where 
AI is pervasive in every service we are offering. So, it is difficult, therefore, to say the size of the deal. 
But in general, the usage of AI is much more across all our services. And the actual, only AI, if you 
can call it like that, deals are also going better. So that is what is happening. 
I think on that modernization, if I understood, yes, we are seeing that across the Board because AI 
can open up that and make it a little bit more efficient for the client and therefore, they will have a 
better return on that. And then will the discretionary come after that? That one, we do not know, 
meaning it depends on the industry situation also for that. 
Like what we see right now is in Financial services, we are seeing it. But the other industries, we will 
see how they play out as each one we have given some color. That will be different for different 
industries is what we think. 
Sandeep Shah 
Okay. And just a follow-up to this. Is there a traction in terms of number of deals below $50 mn has 
now started increasing and this could be a trend to continue rather than volatile trend earlier? And 
just two questions to Jayesh. 
Is it fair to assume third-party items as their cost line, as a percentage to revenue for this year, which 
we guided at the start of the year, may be stable here on or may further decline beyond FY'26. And 
Jayesh, this INR165 crores profit on property, plant and equipment, will it be a headwind in the fourth 
quarter? 
Salil Parekh 
Let me start on the first piece. Typically, below that $50 mn, we are not sharing because only the 
large deals data we are sharing externally. The only comment we can share is, overall, our wins are 
looking good. And also, we are doing work with smaller accounts, which is not to comment on the 
overall $50 mn below deal, but on smaller accounts, there we are also seeing some good growth. 
And then Jayesh, on the other parts? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 19   
Yes. So, Sandeep, this is Jayesh here. If you look at the third-party deals this year, beginning of the 
year, we had said we expect the third-party cost to be lower than the previous year on back of the 
deals that we signed in last year that were getting ramped up, the deals that we saw in the pipeline.  
So that is a combination that we need to look out for when we guide for that. We do not have all the 
details at this point in time for the next year. We will get into next year, and we will let you know on 
that at that point in time. So that was one. You had a second question on the INR165 crores. I did 
not get the exact question on that, if you could repeat. 
Sandeep Shah 
Yes. What I meant is these kind of a line item may not reoccur every quarter. So is it fair to assume 
35, 36 bps, which has been a benefit in this quarter could be a headwind in next quarter? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So there are always some one-offs, right, that you get some headwinds, some tailwinds. 
Sometimes, it is in revenue line item, sometimes it is a cost line item for a company of this size. So 
that is always there. As I talked about in my margin walk also, this was largely or more than offset 
by the increase in variable pay as well. 
Sandeep Shah 
Okay. Thanks and all the best. 
.  
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Jamie Friedman from Susquehanna 
International. Please go ahead. 
Jamie Friedman 
Hi. Good evening. I had two questions. I will just ask them upfront. Salil, it is great to see the 
improvement in discretionary and financial services. I was wondering if you have any comment as 
to whether you are seeing that or anticipating that expand into other verticals. And you mentioned 
Energy and Resources. 
And then my second question is, in terms of your thinking about the journey between AI and 
agentification, it seems like your thinking has evolved more towards the agentification. I imagine you 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 20   
will address this at the Analyst Day, but if you could describe how you are thinking about the 
productization of your AI initiatives relative to those two dimensions. So first, AI and then 
agentification? Thank you very much. 
Salil Parekh 
So, on the first, I think on Financial services, we are absolutely seeing that, which we shared. On 
Energy Utilities, because of the deals and the fact that we are in the top 15 of 25 clients doing AI 
work, we see clearly next financial year will be growth over this financial year. We are looking in 
other places as that discretionary will start to come back. And as it does, we will absolutely share 
that. 
We do feel that overall, from what we see on AI, what we see with possibilities on the economic 
growth, GDP growth and so on in the U.S. that those signs will give the clients the ability to spend 
on tech. But as we see it, we will share that for sure on the other industries. 
On AI, so first, agents are very much in a big play today. So, we are absolutely on the forefront of 
that. So, what we have built within Topaz is fabric, Topaz Fabric, as we call it, is a set of purpose-
built agents, which work with many different native AI companies interfaces and can support a lot of 
different functions within clients, horizontal and vertical. So that suite is going to be our agent suite. 
Then there are agents of the other companies, which we will integrate, implement, expand, make it 
work because we know the tech landscape of a client, and we know the industry depth. So there, we 
feel quite good that we are in a better position than many people to put that.  
In terms of productization, we have built four small language models. In our own product suite, in 
Finacle, we will be much more AI orientated. But we are not at today's stage planning to do large-
scale foundational model work. We are going to do small language model work. We will do other 
things. For example, there are a set of AI wrappers or orchestration modules that we can build, which 
will enable clients to switch between foundation models, switch between agents, do a selection of 
agents, so that is a different type of product platform, which is all in Topaz.  
So that is the way we are thinking about it today. We may, in the future, have something more, but 
that is like the current view. 
Moderator 
Sir, the line for the participant dropped. We move to the next participant. Next question is from the 
line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 21   
Dipesh Mehta 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. First about the six areas of AI services pool, which 
you referred to. Can you provide some sense about the potential growth opportunities? And where, 
let us say, Infosys is currently and how you expect it to evolve in maybe next three to five years? 
Maybe if you can share some participation metrics, where we are and how you expect it to evolve? 
Second question is on the CY '26 budget. If you can provide some early indication on how you expect 
it to shape up? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
So on the first one, what we are thinking is in that six areas, today, we are starting to do work in 
many of those areas. But what we want to do is in our Investor Day, go into a little bit more depth. 
For example, we will share, like in several industries, what we are doing in some of the areas. We 
will share like we have AI labs on campus, and we want to do a little walk through to show like 
actually the work that is going on. And we will also share like the scale of what we think that 
opportunity is and the possible growth dynamics in that. So, that is our planning for that Investor Day. 
And the second one, what did you ask? 
Dipesh Mehta 
CY '26 budget. 
Salil Parekh 
So, that we will come to it in the April time frame, when we finish the year. We are now in the process 
of working on that. We will share that in that April call. 
Dipesh Mehta 
Okay. Thanks. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I will now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Salil Parekh  
Okay. Thank you, everyone for joining and for such a detailed and insightful set of questions. I just 
want to leave a few comments. We have had a strong quarter, good large deals, increase in our 

 
 
 
External Document © 2026 Infosys Limited 22   
guidance. Our nine-month margin sits at 21%. We have actually done that after absorbing a very 
strong increase in our sales cost of 50 basis points and with some lower utilization, which we are 
building capacity for the future. We also see a huge shift on AI, which we shared in some of the six 
areas plus some of the partnerships. 
We start to see discretionary coming back in Financial services. And in Energy, Utilities and Financial 
services, we start to see that next year looking better than this year. So overall, we feel good as we 
go into the fourth quarter with our increase in guidance. Thank you, everyone, and catch you at the 
next quarterly call. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf 
of Infosys Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
