 
 
3rd February, 2026   
                                                                  
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 
Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street 
 
 
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: 500575    
 
 
NSE Symbol: VOLTAS 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Further to our letters dated 23rd January, 2026 and 29th January, 2026, we enclose herewith a 
copy of the transcript of the Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on 29th January, 2026.  
 
The same is also being made available on the Company’s website at:  
https://www.voltas.in/investors/disclosure-under-regulation-46-lodr/schedule-of-analysts-or-institutional-
investors-meet  
 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For VOLTAS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Ratnesh Rukhariyar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Encl: as above 
 
RATNESH 
PRASAD 
RUKHARIYA
R
Digitally signed by 
RATNESH PRASAD 
RUKHARIYAR 
Date: 2026.02.03 
19:33:18 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Voltas Limited Q3 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MUKUNDAN MENON - MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
VOLTAS LIMITED 
MR. K. V. SRIDHAR - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
VOLTAS LIMITED 
MR. NIKHIL R. CHANDARANA - HEAD (CORPORATE 
FINANCE), VOLTAS LIMITED 
MS. SUMANA TRIPATHY - HEAD (FP&A), VOLTAS 
LIMITED 
MR. VAIBHV VORA - HEAD (COMMERCIAL), VOLTAS 
LIMITED 
MODERATORS: MS. NATASHA JAIN - PHILLIPCAPITAL (INDIA) 
PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Voltas Limited Q3 FY'26 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by PhillipCapital. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Natasha Jain from PhillipCapital. Thank you and over to 
you, ma'am. 
Natasha Jain: 
Thank you, Sagar and good evening, everyone. On behalf of PhillipCapital, I welcome all of you 
to the 3rd Quarter FY'26 Earnings Conference Call of Voltas India Limited. 
From the Management today, we have Mr. Mukundan Menon – Managing Director; K. V. 
Sridhar – Chief Financial Officer; Nikhil R. Chandarana – Head (Corporate Finance); Sumana 
Tripathy – Head (FP&A) and Vaibhv Vora – Head (Commercial). 
I would request the management to give their opening remarks post which we shall open the 
floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
K.V. Sridhar: 
Thank you, Natasha. Good evening, all. Glad to connect again for the quarter call. 
Just to give you a brief: 
Voltas strengthens its leadership in Q3, backed by Room Air Conditioners (RAC) recovery and 
sustained performance from other verticals. Global conditions in 2025 remained unsettled with 
geopolitical tensions, new tariff actions and periodic supply chain detours creating volatility 
across input categories such as energy, base metals and select electrical components. At the same 
time, uneven global growth, currency and commodity fluctuation and persistent policy 
uncertainty tempered sentiment across several markets even as emerging economies, most 
notably India, continued to demonstrate relative resilience driven by steady consumption and 
sustained public investment. This environment shaped a mixed demand backdrop for consumer 
facing categories and infrastructure linked sectors, forming the macro context in which Voltas 
consumer and projects business operated during the quarter. Voltas Limited announced its 
financial results for the quarter and 9-months ending 31st December 2025. 
Through this quarter, the Company's performance was anchored by the Room Air Conditioning 
business, driven by healthier channel activity following the GST rate cut and buying ahead of 
the BEE star label transition as customers anticipated price hikes on the new table. 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
The Project business continued to lend stability through consistent execution and strong order 
pipeline, reinforcing to continue to length stability through consistent execution and a strong 
order pipeline reinforcing the strength of Voltas diversified portfolio. 
Management remained focused on market leadership in the Cooling Segment, regulatory 
preparedness and discipline performance across businesses. At an overall level for the quarter, 
Total income was Rs. 3,130 crores against Rs 3,164 crores last year. Profit before tax was Rs. 
116 crores after factoring in the labor code impact versus Rs. 191 crores in Q3 2025. Net profit 
was at Rs. 84 crores against Rs 131 crores last year. 
For the 9-months ending December 2025, the Total Income was Rs. 9,552 crores compared to 
Rs. 10,890 crores last year same period. Profit before tax was Rs. 373 crores versus Rs. 848 
crores in the corresponding period last year. Net profit was Rs. 257 crores compared to Rs. 599 
crores last year same period. 
In terms of the segment performance a bit in depth, in terms of, 
Segment-A – Unitary Cooling Products (UCP) 
The Segment delivered a relatively steady performance in both volume and revenue despite 
inherent seasonality and the impact of a shortened second summer. The Room Air Conditioner 
(RAC) business continued to anchor Segment-A, maintaining Voltas' leadership position with 
17.9% Year-To-Date market share and benefiting from strong channel activity following the 
GST reduction and buying ahead of the upcoming BEE star label transition. Growth during the 
quarter was driven by structured network expansion with micro-level targeting, improved 
channel readiness and sharper retail and digital activation across priority markets. These changes 
are expected to drive consumer upgrades in the coming quarter, providing a positive fillip to 
demand and product mix improvement. Complementary categories such as Air Coolers, Water 
Heaters and Fans, though facing some headwinds due to inventory overhang, continued to build 
relevance through refreshed lineups, wider retail reach and sharper digital activation, reinforcing 
Voltas' comfort solution positioning and broadening the non-seasonal share of cooling products. 
Together, these initiatives support brand preference and strengthen category resilience into the 
upcoming season. 
Within Segment-A, Commercial Air Conditioners (CAC) continued to act as a growth 
contributor, supported by corporate, commercial and industrial demand with healthy traction 
across product categories and AMC business. Commercial Refrigeration (CR) delivered a softer 
quarter amid slower product offtake and competitive intensity. The focus remained on 
sharpening the offer in priority segments and stabilizing the mix to support sequential 
improvement. Together, CAC and CR reinforced diversification within UCP and helped balance 
seasonal volatility in room cooling. 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Segment-A margins in Q3 reflected the seasonal profile of the quarter and the competitive 
environment with profitability shaped by higher channel and customer support. In the coming 
quarter, management remains focused on mix improvement, cost optimization and structured 
network expansion to support sequential recovery. The Company is fully ready and realigned 
for the new BEE efficiency table with refreshed lineups and calibrated pricing architecture in 
place and is geared to meet seasonal demand with aligned production plans across Pantnagar 
and the new Chennai factory. Production capacity utilization, operational efficiency 
improvements and supply chain actions have been tuned to support faster ramp up into the season 
and improve availability of priority SKUs. 
Voltbek Home Appliances 
Voltbek delivered a solid Q3, sustaining broad-based momentum across Washing Machines and 
Refrigerators, led by dominant Semi-Automatic Washing Machine Segment and a clear step-up 
in Fully Automatic Top load alongside a stronger showing in the Frost-Free segment in an 
expanded energy-efficient locally manufactured lineup. In Refrigerators, Voltbek's overall 
market share stands at 6.2% year-to-date and in Washing Machines at 8.2% year-to-date, 
reflecting improved portfolio relevance and tighter in-store execution. 
Voltbek will sustain momentum through a focused brand-led premiumization strategy 
combining high-impact consumer engagement and an expanded energy-efficient portfolio across 
categories to deepen preference and conversion across priority channels while steadily 
broadening the franchise towards a full-scale home appliance platform that complements Voltas' 
end-to-end home solutions. In parallel, ongoing pricing and cost optimization initiatives across 
the portfolio are intended to support margin resilience as scale builds through the season. 
Together, these developments reinforce Voltas' progression from a predominantly seasonal 
cooling business to a year-round, full-stacked consumer durable enterprise supported by a 
broader innovation-led portfolio and disciplined operational execution. 
Segment B – Electro Mechanical Projects and Services (EMPS) 
The Domestic Projects business continues to book and execute orders across all verticals, 
underscoring engineering depth and multi-vertical presence. Prudent selection of projects 
backed by on-time handovers, tighter project governance, and cash conversion facilitated the 
margin expansion. The international environment remains competitive for fresh wins, but 
delivery momentum supported by a mix of ongoing projects and disciplined project engagement. 
During the CY'25 year-to-date, Voltas secured new orders and lifted the order pack, and the 
International Project business reported sequential exposure reduction, reflecting tighter 
commercial controls and collection. 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
With a robust, consolidated order book of around Rs. 6,100 crores and a healthy order pipeline, 
the segment is well-positioned to drive steady growth and deliver consistent performance over 
the medium term. 
Segment C – Engineering Products and Services 
The Mining and Construction Equipment Division delivered steady topline growth, supported 
by continuity in operations and maintenance contracts, and sustained demand for powerscreen 
crushing and screening machinery. Going ahead, the Mining and Construction Equipment 
Service annuities and a healthy inquiry funnel provide performance feasibility. 
The Textile Machinery Division (TMD) business was adversely impacted by macro backdrop, 
notably the 50% U.S. tariff imposition on certain textile products, which weighed on MSMEs 
and led to production cuts and softer domestic demand for yarns and fabrics. Execution of 
pending orders, strong after-sales, run rate, and post-spinning momentum helped cushion the 
effect. Looking ahead, TMD remains focused on after-sales, post-spinning mix, and disciplined 
delivery while looking forward for a recovery in the core spinning category. 
Balance Sheet and Working Capital 
Working capital was tightly managed in Q3, with improved inventory and receivables ahead of 
upcoming season, supported by availability of priority SKUs and steady project buildings and 
collections. Commercial controls, selective order intake, and exposure reduction further 
supported a stable position despite uneven demand pockets and a competitive environment. 
Overall, the company exited the quarter with a balanced working capital profile. As Voltas enters 
Q4, focused on execution and seasonal readiness, the Company is fully aligned to the new BEE 
efficiency table with a refreshed RAC lineup and calibrated pricing, and is geared to meet peak 
season demand with aligned production plans across factories, including the new capacity ramp-
up at Pantnagar and at Chennai. The priority is to boost all demand sources, core retail, organized 
trade, and institutional, while optimizing resources across manufacturing, supply chain, and 
channel. The Project business will continue to selectively book and execute across all verticals 
in which we are present, supported by a healthy bid pipeline and stronger project governance. 
Overall, the strategy remains simple and focused. Be regulatory ready, scale efficient into the 
season using the expanded manufacturing footprint and convert demand with sharper in-market 
activation and disciplined delivery across businesses. 
In terms of margin, we are committed to further optimize costs through value engineering, better 
inventory planning, while being cautious about the impact of commodity and currency 
fluctuations. 
Thank you. 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Aditya Bhartia from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Hi, good evening, sir. So, my question is on, you kind of referred about raw material inflation 
and rupee depreciation impact. So, my question is, what kind of price increases do you think are 
warranted? And given that we are coming from a fairly weak season, do you think that the 
industry would be in a position to pass on these price hikes or part of that may need to be 
absorbed by the Company? And you also mentioned about cost optimization. So, what are the 
measures that you can undertake to kind of partly offset this impact? Thank you. 
K.V. Sridhar: 
Thanks. Thanks for the question. I think it's a valid one given the environment that we are in. 
So, you see, this quarter will be a slightly mixed one in terms of navigating the old table sales 
and also the new table sales. So, we would sort of be having a very balanced approach in terms 
of trying to navigate the pricing. Will the commodity and the currency fluctuation have an impact 
on the pricing? Definitely, yes. There will be an impact of the pricing. But how much and when 
to sort of pass on is something it's a very dynamic decision that we will have to sort of look at it 
fairly almost on a daily basis. And I think the pricing decisions will have to be fairly dynamic. 
So, to put a number would be difficult. But is there an impact on the pricing? There is an impact 
on the pricing. We are looking at it ongoing basis and we will take a call accordingly. The new 
table also, I think, will take some time for the pricing to stabilize on that front. And that, I think, 
will also take a few months, given that this quarter is likely to be a mix between old table and 
the new table sales. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood, sir. Thank you so much. 
K.V. Sridhar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
This is Aniruddha Joshi here. So, my question is, what was the exit market share at the end of 
either November or December, if you can share? You have shared YTD market share. And 
secondly, was there any excess trade discount given to clear the inventory at the end of 
December? And last point, there is a very strong market share across both categories, Refs and 
washers. But despite that, the profitability still remains, in a way, still in red. So, how do you see 
the profitability? Earlier, there was an indication by end of FY'26, it should be profitable. So, 
how should we read about Voltas Beko? That's it from my side. 
Mukundan Menon: 
Thanks, Aniruddha. So, this is Mukundan Menon here. So, on the market share, our exit market 
share for the month of December is also at 17.9%, which coincidentally coincides with our YTD 
market share also, which is at 17.9%. So, if you recall, when we began this calendar year, that 
is the Jan to March quarter, we had a market share of 15.8%. And that has grown to 17.9%. So, 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
over the last 12 months, we gained market share of roughly 2.1%, which is a good, I think, it 
holds us in good stead. In terms of schemes, yes, most of the channel partners had a lot of 
inventory with them, and it is imperative for us to help them to clear the stocks. So, the schemes 
were progressively being given to them during the Quarter 3. But as we approach summer, these 
schemes will start becoming a little more market demand related. So, indeed, to facilitate the 
secondary sales schemes and discounts were offered in Quarter 3, which is reflecting in our 
margin profile also, if you see. Going back to Voltas Beko, the story is a little different. Here the 
primary focus is to gain market share, which we are doing consistently. Refrigerators, we are at 
a market share of 6.2%. And this is a gain of roughly 1.1% over 6.2% for the YTD number. 
However, the exit November number, the December number we haven't seen as yet, is a better 
number at 6.8%. And the Washing Machine market share, YTD is 8.2%. But the exit November 
number is again a very healthy 10.2%. So, here the focus is about gaining market share, about 
making our presence felt. And the profitability in a way, the scale is slowly getting us to a place 
where in the very near future, we will see this get into at least a break-even kind of situation. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay, sure, sir. This is very helpful. Many thanks. 
Mukundan Menon: 
Thank you, Aniruddha. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Natasha Jain. Please go ahead. 
Natasha Jain: 
Thank you. Sir, just one question. Given that we have one of the highest assembly capabilities 
and the season for calendar '25 was bad, so I assume that we were also left with higher number 
of inventory. And given that sequential growth for Voltas in UCP has been quite high, is it fair 
to assume that channel is sitting with larger inventory of Voltas? And by that logic, is it again 
fair to assume that if and when summer picks up, market share growth for Voltas in 4Q will be 
sharper than peers? That's it. Thank you, sir. 
Mukundan Menon: 
So, Natasha, very well said. On the second point,  the market share will see a very positive trend 
because of the volume sales and the primary billing that we have done is significant. So, the 
market share gains will be visible in 4Q for sure. Inventory of Voltas, my sense is that we are 
talking about a few weeks, 5 to 6 weeks of inventory is there in the channel. And it's just a matter 
of time. By March middle, I suppose, the entire inventory will get finished. So, that's the way 
we see it. So, it's not a very high number because the summer season is going to pick up. So, 
between February when the summer begins from Kerala and then moves on towards Tamil Nadu, 
Karnataka and comes into Maharashtra, I think we are talking about a clear 45 days, less than 
45 days for the inventory of our channel partners to sort of deplete completely. 
Natasha Jain: 
Thank you, sir. That's helpful. 
Mukundan Menon: 
Thanks, Natasha. 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Girish Achhipalia from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead. 
Girish Achhipalia: 
Hi, sir. Mr. Mukundan, I had one question on the price hike that the system and you would need 
because of the copper being where it is, aluminum being where it is and the rupee being where 
it is. My estimate says that it could be between 12% to 14%, basis the commodity move as well 
as the new norms that have kicked in and also some e-waste rules, etc. So, if you can comment, 
I know this is going to be a mixed quarter, some old inventory, some new inventory. But once 
the new inventory comes through, is that a fair assessment of price increases needed and how 
much has already been taken, if at all, in the month of January? Thank you. 
Mukundan Menon: 
Thanks, Girish. Actually, Mr. Sridhar will addresss this. 
K.V. Sridhar: 
Thank you, Girish, for the question. I think it's sort of comparable to the first question that sort 
of came up. So, this quarter will be a mixed one between old table and new table. So, obviously, 
the costs will be different, as you know. And by the time the prices stabilize as part of the new 
table, I think it will take maybe a couple of months. I think that's likely to be the case. And that's 
what our sense is also. So, we will have to sort of do a wait and watch. But to your primary 
question, is there an impact of commodity and currency? There is.. But the exact quantum and 
how the price transition will happen, that I think we will have to do a bit of wait and watch. We 
are sort of monitoring it almost regularly. And any dispatching decisions, we are linking it to the 
market requirements. But there is an impact of currency and commodity hedging. 
Girish Achhipalia: 
But directionally, am I right in the ballpark for the new rules that have been applicable and the 
commodity, if they were to remain for the new inventory that you place in the system? 
Mukundan Menon: 
So, essentially, the thing is that the table change impact on the pricing is a little different for the 
3-Star and a little different for the 5-Star. 3-Star is a little lesser, but 5-Star is a very, very 
significant increase. So, the increase will impact the 5-Star more. Now, the impact of the 
commodity, the copper and the dollar, these are the moving pieces in this entire thing. So, the 
overall numbers will be a summation of these three things. The table change increase for 3-Star 
plus the commodity and copper for the same. The table change impact for the 5-Star and the 
copper and the currency impact for the same. So, typically, 5-Star will be a much higher number. 
As Sridhar said, it's still too many moving parts in the overall thing. We are unable to really 
quantify the number to whatever you mentioned. But the fact of the matter is these all will impact 
the pricing certainly because these are not small numbers by any stretch of imagination. 
Girish Achhipalia: 
Best wishes, sir. Thank you. 
Mukundan Menon: 
Thank you, Girish. 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Naushad Chaudhary from Aditya Birla 
Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Hi, thanks. One question on the Project business. This business is consistently declining though 
we are adjusting the Domestic and International portfolio. But on an overall basis, this business 
seems struggling. So, just wanted to understand by when the order book slide should stop and 
from when we should start experiencing growth in the order book? And if this business has a 
potential to be a Rs. 10,000 crore of business and if yes, how much time will it take to reach 
those scale? 
K.V. Sridhar: 
So, Naushad, this Project business has got two parts, as you rightly pointed out. There is a 
Domestic and there is an International business. So, the general thing is that across both these 
businesses, the Domestic and the International, we have been very careful in terms of picking 
up projects over the last 12 months, I would say. So, we have been very prudent in selection of 
the clients. There are proper guidelines and frameworks for that in terms of nature of client, the 
credentials of the client, the payment terms, the margin profile and the exposure of bank 
guarantees, the liquidity damages. We work around multiple things. So, if you ask the size of 
the order book might have diminished, but the health of the order book is very, very healthy 
compared to what it was a year ago. So, we have been very prudent and we have been extremely 
prudent, especially in the International business, where we have been very careful in selection 
of the clients. And essentially, we are going after projects where we get a sort of a preferred sort 
of vendor thing compared to others. So, we are not really bothered about the overall size of the 
order book, because these are generally order books which sort of get built over a period of 2-
2.5 years or so. In terms of the Domestic Projects, again, if you see, there are three different 
verticals. The first one  is the  Mechanical,Electrical and Plumbing - MEP vertical. The second 
one is the Water vertical and the third one is the Electrical and Solar vertical. The Electrical and 
Solar as well as the Water vertical predominantly operates in the government space,  and these 
are long gestation projects with a fair amount of sort of a working capital locked up for a larger 
period of time. We have been very prudent in picking up jobs in this category and we have been 
very selective about it. However, in the MEP vertical , we have been picking up fairly good, 
healthy jobs. In the manufacturing segment, we are also focusing on the data center segment. 
And these are the general industrial Segment-And data center are the segments which are very 
fast track, have a quick completion, very low risk and in terms of profitability also the quick 
turnaround. So, we have been prudent in this. So, the size of the order book is less important 
compared to the health of the order book. That's the way we see it, Naushad. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Akshen from Fidelity. Please go ahead. 
Akshen: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on a good show on the market share. I just wanted one clarity from you 
on how should we be thinking about margins in the Unitary business? It's been a tough year right 
now. You've been used to making 8% to 10% margins here. Given what you know in terms of 
cost pressures, in terms of channel inventory, not in like Q4, but just generally over the next year 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
or two, what's the kind of margin should we be thinking about? Do margins go back to 8% to 
10% or do you think we should first focus on getting topline right and then focus on getting the 
margins right? That's the only question. Thank you. 
K.V. Sridhar: 
So, Sridhar here again. So, I think a fair question. I think in terms of where we see whether it's 
market share or margins, I think it's never quite possible to sort of give either or answer to be 
fair. I think it's both has to be sort of balanced while we don't want to lose out on the market 
leadership that we have, we want to sort of focus on. At the same time, we have to continue to 
focus on the margins also. So, in terms of if you see the intent is to sort of focus on the cost 
reduction initiatives very very prudently, in a very institutionalized manner. Look at any pricing 
opportunities that we have. We are also looking at mixed opportunities in terms of from a product 
portfolio point of view. So, we are looking at all multiple aspects in terms of trying to see how 
we can sort of focus on the margin improvements also. So, it's not either or none in all fairness. 
It is an and, and the focus has to be there on both. The top line has to happen and also in terms 
of market share growth, at the same time, focus continues on margins also. 
Akshen: 
Sorry, just continuing that question. There is no doubt that incremental margins will sort of 
improve. Just sort of want to de-lever on that point a little more. Just to, when we think about 
margins, so you're saying incremental margins will move up with all the initiatives that you 
outlined, which is a fair summation and a good strategy. I am just trying to understand the 
trajectory of that, because from where we are to let's say where normative margins is a decent 
gap. So, I am just trying to understand, should our expectations be towards 8%-10% right away 
or should it be over a period of time? That's the only clarification. 
K.V. Sridhar: 
So, the recovery would be sequential as we sort of discussed. Right? And also there are too many 
moving parts, unfortunately, in this piece. I think the commodity inflation, the currency 
depreciation. So, there are multiple moving parts and also the table change impact also. So, there 
are multiple moving parts in this. Intent is to sort of get better. Will it be a sequential 
improvement? There will be a sequential improvement where and when we will reach, 
unfortunately, it will be maybe too soon to sort of quantify. That's the only point where we are. 
But intent is to sort of definitely get better and come closer to the expectations that we have. 
Akshen sir, does that answer your question? 
Akshen 
Yes, it does. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Renu from IIFL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Renu: 
Hi. I have only one question. So, what would be your strategy for the Domestic MEP portfolio? 
How is our market share stacked up and what is the strategy of getting Voltas back on the 
mainstream with market leading share and margins from a medium term perspective? 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Mukundan Menon: 
So, Renu, you're referring to the domestic MEP project segment or overall domestic? 
Renu: 
No, the domestic MEP or the HVAC portfolio that we are looking within the projects part of the 
business. Not Water, not Electrical, Solar, core MEP? 
Mukundan Menon: 
Understood. So, as I said, we have decided that we will focus big time on the MEP part of the 
infra project. That is less of Water, less of Electrical the way you have found it. And essentially 
within MEP also there are 2 or 3 different customer categories. One is the industrial and data 
center category, which we call it manufacturing and data centers. And the second one is the 
commercial buildings, which is to do with shopping malls and so on and so forth. And there's a 
third category, which is metros, airports and so on and so forth. So, the focus currently is that 
we want to have a larger pie of the manufacturing and the data center market. We are also looking 
at the steady flow. These are generally fast track projects which will quickly give, are turned 
around within less than 9 months to 12 months. And we are also looking at the metro and such 
infrastructure projects, which are generally spread over a longer period of time, but come with a 
lot of comfort with respect to the price variation clauses and the risks are very limited in this. 
So, a mix of these two and a little lesser focus on the commercial is what we are looking at. And 
of course, the Electrical and the Water segments are areas which we have been very careful now. 
And we are just cherry picking the project that we wish to do in this category. 
Renu: 
And sir, what is the current market share? 
Mukundan Menon: 
Just in this area, there is generally this market shares don't get tracked because, for example, 
MEP, the overall size of the market and the overall sort of we don't capture that data from an 
external. There are no external data things. It is all depending on the orders that you quote and 
the orders that you win versus the orders that you lose. We have some internal, I think which 
we... 
Renu: 
Assessment of the market share. 
Mukundan Menon: 
Yes, very difficult to say because it could be even wrong because there are many projects which 
we would not even know that have been bid. It's possible. 
Renu: 
Understand. Thank you so much, sir. 
Mukundan Menon: 
Thank you, Renu. Appreciate it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Pulkit Patni from Goldman Sachs. Please 
go ahead. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Sir, thank you for taking my question. Sir, some of your peers have interpreted the BEE norm 
change slightly differently, i.e. that they can continue to sell those ACs for a slightly longer 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
period of time. And in which case they have actually not liquidated that inventory. Now, my 
question is, assuming all that's true, in the 4th Quarter, which is the current quarter, is it fair to 
assume that whatever you sell in the primary market will be higher cost inventory and compared 
to companies which have old inventory basically benefiting? So, I am just trying to understand 
in the 4th Quarter, is there a possibility that in the primary side we may have slightly softer 
revenue? And as you rightly highlighted, that by the time we get to summer, it will all normalize. 
Is that a fair assumption? 
Mukundan Menon: 
So, there is, I think the BEE norms, there was a Gazette which came in a year ago, which none 
of us had even noticed. When we got closer to the end of the year, all the industry woke up to 
that and realized that it prohibits you from manufacturing the new products from 1st of January 
2026. But both the manufacturing brands as well as the channel partners can sell this till June 
end. Most of us had a sense of this by November end, we got to know that this is the rule. So, 
most of the brands have stocks of the old table products and so do we have stocks of the old 
products. And depending on when these stocks, like for example, there's a bunch of product 
SKUs in the 3-Star bucket, there's a bunch of SKUs in the 5-Star bucket. Depending on when 
these stock levels deplete to zero, the new table products will be introduced into the market. And 
so each brand, all the brands are almost on an equal level playing field with respect to availability 
of the old stock versus the new stock. All of them have started manufacturing new products right 
from November, but obviously the focus would be to liquidate the old table stocks before you 
start selling the new table stocks. Does that answer your question, Pulkit? 
Pulkit Patni: 
Absolutely, that's very clear. So, effectively, you are at even level with others when it comes to 
the 4th Quarter channel inventory. 
Mukundan Menon: 
Very much. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Thank you for that answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Umang Mehta: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Just building on to the last question. You mentioned about micro-
targeting markets, also greater focus on modern trade GT. In this performance that you've shown 
in 3Q, have you added any new accounts on MT, institutional? You mentioned about some gaps 
you had in the past with your first interaction with us. Could you share any insights on this? 
Mukundan Menon: 
Umang, actually what we embarked on is we started tracking almost 29,000 counters across the 
country which sell these products spread over 19,000 pin codes. We have a very structured 
network acquisition plan which we have put in place. We have added a decent number of channel 
partners either directly through as a direct billing point. We have also added a fair amount of 
counters through our distribution network. That's as far as the General Trade is concerned. In 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
terms of modern trade, we have a fair presence across all the three Modern Trade. We call the 
“Three Bigs” – the Reliance, the Croma and the Vijay Sales as Modern Trade in our terminology. 
We have got a presence across all of this. The focus now is to have a higher share of their wallet. 
That is the focus now. There is a bunch of roughly 85 or so Regional Retailers where we see that 
our presence can be improved. So, there is a major focus in entering many of the Regional 
Retailers especially in the South and the West markets which are heavy on the regional retailer 
space. We are making good progress on that as well actually. That's as far as the channel partner 
is concerned. Institutional sales is essentially we do a decent number in institutions. This comes 
from things like banks. It comes from builders. We are making very good progress there as well. 
Umang Mehta: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Tavishi Mehta from ICICI Prudential 
Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Tavishi Mehta: 
Hi, sir. Sir, as per my calculation, due to commodity price rise, the cost as a percentage of BOM 
is actually increasing by 8%-9%. As a percentage of selling price, if we see, it will be somewhere 
around 6%. Correct me if I am wrong. But basically, how does Voltas think to pass this on? 
Additionally, even BEE norm will also have around 5% cost increase. So, overall, how do we 
think on pricing going forward? 
Mukundan Menon: 
So, Tavishi, what you said is like the BEE norm that I just explained a little while earlier to a 
question regarding the price increase which Girish had asked. So, essentially, the price increase 
is also like the 3-Star has a different impact. The 5-Star has a far more sharper increase impact. 
So, that obviously will get passed through. The commodity and dollar, actually both of them are 
on an upward trend as you can imagine, essentially copper. The impact of aluminum is not like 
on the overall BOM is not that heavy. But copper is the big sort of item on the BOM. So, again, 
model-wise, this changes because there is some amount of copper which goes into a 3-star. There 
is another amount of copper which goes into a 5-Star. So, we are assessing the impact of all this 
along with the third dimension which is the dollar impact. And as our CFO – Mr. Sridhar 
mentioned, we are monitoring it very closely. And then closer to the time when the new table 
products start getting introduced into the market, we will take a call on this. But the direction is 
that actually there is going to be a price increase. And many of these will have to be passed 
through to the channel partners through consumers. 
K.V. Sridhar: 
Just to add to what Mr. Menon said, as you mentioned, we also are working on a clear cost 
optimization program also. So, that is also a set-off that we will have to sort of factor in. It is a 
fairly dynamic situation, a mix of products being sold. So, we are monitoring that and will take 
the pricing decision appropriately, factoring all these variables. 
Tavishi Mehta: 
But can we expect some price increase in coming quarters? 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
K.V. Sridhar: 
Just to add, there would be an element of price increase. There would be. I mean, that much I 
think we have clarified. There would be. How much is something we will have to sort of see 
depending on all the variables. 
Mukundan Menon: 
So, price increase is the reality. The quantum amount and when the exact time when the new 
products will come into the market are the moving pieces in this entire thing. We also have some 
cost-down projects which we are doing. The overall price will increase. Obviously, it will 
increase, actually. The numbers are a little early to say as of now. 
Tavishi Mehta: 
Sure. Okay. Thank you. 
Mukundan Menon: 
Thank you, Tavishi. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: 
Good evening, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. In MEP, our data center share is less 
than 5% and we are aiming to 30% in the medium term. What specific orders or tenders you are 
bidding in this space? And how does District Cooling fit into your MEP strategy? And you are 
partnering with international players for technology side? Thank you. 
Mukundan Menon: 
So, MEP, the data center thing is just opening up. We are doing a couple of projects now, 
actually. And the same funnel for the data centers is also very healthy. So, we are bidding for 
quite a few projects. As I mentioned earlier, the focus is to win data center projects using a 
combination of 2-3 levers. One is essentially, as you know, a data center needs the cooling 
equipment, which is Chillers and mostly it is Screw Chillers or Centrifugal Chillers, where we 
have made significant progress with a new technology partner alliance, which I mentioned in 
the last meeting. So, we probably offer the best energy efficient products in the Screw category. 
And we also offer the best energy efficient products in the Centrifugal category. Centrifugal has 
two variants. One is the regular Centrifugal Chillers and the second Oil-free Chillers. Across 
these three segments, we have probably the most energy efficient products. And energy is a big 
portion of the OpEx of our data center. So, we are very confident of getting these chiller orders 
from the data center and we are bidding this together with our MEP division, which is 
mechanical, electrical, and contracting, that entire group. So, that makes us a single source 
vendor to the data center. So, this cross-functional, the cross-divisional approach to this entire 
data center, we will move towards the overall share, whether it will go to 30% so soon, I am not 
sure. But the direction is very clear and we are seeing some fairly early, good sort of tailwinds 
for us in that thing. District Cooling also, because of our presence in the Centrifugal chillers, 
District Cooling essentially comes with a Centrifugal kind of scope, mostly, at the Scroll and 
Screw. There again, because of the most energy efficient Chillers in both the categories, we have 
a fair chance of getting a higher share from this. This is normally dominated by the three 
American brands, which is York, Trane, and Johnson Controls. And we have a fair chance to 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
compete with them in this space as well. So, I think over the next 12 months, this entire story 
will pan out Bala. 
Balasubramanian: 
I got it, sir. Thank you so much for the detailed answer. 
Mukundan Menon: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Your next question comes on the line of Akshay Gattani from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Gattani: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, given Voltas now have decent in-house capacity, so 
what will be your strategy for this upcoming season between insourcing and outsourcing for 
manufacturing? And do you expect the higher backward integration, which is there in the 
Chennai plant, will start to flow into better margins if the demands for upcoming season turn out 
the way you're forecasting? 
Mukundan Menon: 
So, Akshay, the backward integration of Chennai has already started playing out. As I had 
mentioned in the last, I think, meeting that we had, there are many things which we were not 
backward integrated in Pantanagar, which we are backward integrated in Chennai. One is the 
entire Sheet Metal work, which is the outdoor body. Second is the Powder Coating and the 
Painting of that outdoor unit, which is, again, a high-value addition sort of process. The third is 
the entire Indoor Unit Plastic Injection,  Moulding of that internal plastic part and a fully 
backward integrated Oil and Fin Shop. We used to have partly the Coil and Fin Shop in-house 
and we used to do some sort of buying of the Coils and Fin Assembly also in Pantanagarh plant. 
So, the entire play of the Chennai backward integration will play out fully. In terms of the 
outsourcing versus insourcing, Akshay, the thing is that our Window Air Conditioners, as we 
have been doing all along, has always been outsourced from the local OEM manufacturers. And 
we continue with that sort of the same thing. We are not making any change. However, the Split 
Air Conditioners, which is essentially now predominantly the inverter splits, we are doing it in 
a way that there are two things. One is there's a steady sort of visibility about what will be 
certainly required that is in-house. And some of the spikes and the ups and downs which come 
during a very good summer, those are generally being catered by the OEM. 
So, it's a blend of both. And we are taking a very judicious call in terms of picking up how much 
of these from the OEMs. And we have also been very judicious about picking up from the right 
OEMs in terms of geography. There are some products which are closer to the West market, 
some products which could sell more in the South market. 
So, we have been very selective in picking those OEMs which cater to the products in that 
market. So, very carefully planned out this season, Akshay. 
Akshay Gattani: 
Got it, sir. This is very helpful. Thank you. 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Hi, sir. Just one data point. All my other questions have been answered. If you could just spell 
out the capacity utilization of the current Chennai plant and in the upcoming season, what is the 
level at which you expect it to run? 
Mukundan Menon: 
Capacity utilization? Actually, it is almost 90%. So, we have two plants, one in Pantnagar, which 
is operating at, I think, 100%. And the Chennai plant, we have built a capacity of 1 million units, 
which we are in the process of expanding to 1.5 million capacity in another 1-2 months. Our 
sense is that this summer season, we would have maximized the capacity utilization to almost 
between 85% to 90% or so, Mr. Jain. 
Dhruv Jain: 
And, sir, if you could just talk about the CAPEX plan. 
Mukundan Menon: 
CAPEX plan. Essentially, Mr. Jain, you're saying as an organization or it is mainly for room air 
conditioners? 
Dhruv Jain: 
If you could break it into both, that would be great. 
K.V. Sridhar: 
So, can we take this offline, Mr. Jain, if you don't mind? You can reach out to the team. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Sure, sir. 
K.V. Sridhar: 
Thank you for understanding, Mr. Jain. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the last question from the line of Sunny Gupta, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Sunny Gupta: 
Sir, you told that there was a pre-buying in December quarter, so will this effect be seen in 
January month, vis-à-vis January 2025? 
Mukundan Menon: 
Actually the pre-buying in December actually was in a way a very positive thing for us. We were 
very pleasantly happy with the result that we have done. And a little bit of this might be the 
January thing, but as of now, we are not seeing any decline in our numbers. So, it's probably 
laying a runway for a good January and hopefully for a good February and March, Mr. Gupta. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, I now hand the conference over to Ms. Natasha Jain for 
closing remarks. 
Mukundan Menon: 
Thank you. Actually, we have our CFO – Mr. K.V. Sridhar, making his closing remarks now. 

 
 
Voltas Limited 
January 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
K.V. Sridhar: 
Thanks all for the participation. Just maybe a few comments towards the end. So, I think all 
these priorities, I think, position Voltas to enter the season with sharper readiness, stronger 
execution muscle, and a more efficient operating base. As cost optimization efforts take effect, 
the Company expects to strengthen margin resilience and create a more leveraged financial 
profile. With this foundation, Voltas remains well-placed to enhance its leadership in the cooling 
segment while steadily expanding its portfolio as a comprehensive diversified cooling home 
appliances and engineering project solutions provider. Thank you. 
Natasha Jain: 
Thank you. That ends the conference. Participants can disconnect their call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, everyone. On behalf of PhillipCapital, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
