 
Escorts Kubota Limited  
Registered Office - 15/5, Mathura Road, Faridabad - 121003, Haryana, India 
Tel.: +91-129-2250222 | E-mail: corp.secretarial@escortskubota.com | Website: www.escortskubota.com  
Corporate Identification Number L74899HR1944PLC039088 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
 
BSE – 500495 
 
NSE - ESCORTS 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Earning Conference Call held on February 10, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A(15) of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript 
of the conference call held on February 10, 2026, for discussing the earning performance of the 
Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025. The same has been 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
the 
below 
link: 
https://www.escortskubota.com/investors/financials 
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
for Escorts Kubota Limited 
 
 
 
Arvind Kumar 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
ARVIND 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
ARVIND KUMAR 
Date: 2026.02.13 
16:35:08 +05'30'

 
 
 
“Escorts Kubota Limited Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BHARAT MADAN -- WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ESCORTS KUBOTA LIMITED 
MR. NEERAJ MEHRA -- CHIEF OFFICER, TRACTOR 
BUSINESS DIVISION, ESCORTS KUBOTA LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV BAJAJ – CHIEF OFFICER (CONSTRUCTION 
EQUIPMENT BUSINESS DIVISION), ESCORTS KUBOTA 
LIMITED 
MR. PRATEEK SINGHAL – INVESTOR RELATIONS & ESG, 
ESCORTS KUBOTA LIMITED. 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MUMUKSH MANDLESHA – ANAND RATHI SHARES 
AND STOCK BROKERS LIMITED 
 
 

 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Escorts 
Kubota Limited hosted by Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants' line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi Shares and Stock 
Brokers Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Yes, good evening. On behalf of Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers, I welcome you all for the 
Escorts Kubota Q3 & Nine-Month FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
I take this opportunity to welcome the management team from Escorts Kubota Limited. Today, we 
have with us, Mr. Bharat Madan, Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Neeraj 
Mehra, Chief Officer, Tractor Business Division; Mr. Sanjeev Bajaj, Chief Officer, Construction 
Equipment Business Division and Mr. Prateek Singhal,  Investor Relations and ESG. 
Before we start, I would like to add some of the statements made by the company in today's call will 
be forward-looking in nature and are subject to risk as outlined in the annual report and investor 
Releases of the company. 
Now, I hand over to the “Management for the Opening Remarks.” Thank you. 
Prateek Singhal: 
Thank you, Mumuksh. Good evening, everyone and thank you all for joining us today. We hope you 
had an opportunity to see the “Financial Statement” and “Earning Presentation” uploaded to the stock 
exchanges. 
Let us begin with a Few Highlights of the Company's Standalone Financial Performance for the 
Quarter-ended December 2025.  
Operating revenue from continuing operations is Rs.3,261.4 crores, up by 11.1% YoY. 
EBITDA is at Rs.438.7 crores, up by 30.9% YoY, highest-ever quarterly EBITDA. Now, EBITDA 
margins  at 13.5%, up 203 basis points YoY. 
PBT from continuing operations before exceptional item is at Rs.522.7 crores up by 37.5% YoY. 
Net profit from continuing operations came at Rs.362.4 crores, up by 24.7% YoY. 

 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
Please note, that this quarter, there was an one-time impact of new labor code of Rs.52.5 crores. 
Adjusted for this net profit came at Rs.401.6 crores, up by 38.3% YoY, highest-ever quarterly profit 
after tax. 
EPS including discontinued operations stand at Rs.32.93 as compared to Rs.29.39 YoY. 
The board of directors has declared a one-time special dividend of Rs.18.0 per equity share of face 
value Rs.10 on completion of the railway business divestment. 
On Consolidated basis, Company's Financial Performance for the Quarter-ended December 2025 is 
as follows: Revenue from continuing operations is at Rs.3,280.5 crores, up by 11.3% YoY. EBITDA 
at Rs.434.7 crores with a margin of 13.3%, up 196 basis points YoY. Reported net profit is at 
Rs.358.3 crores, up 11.8% YoY, and adjusting for one-time impact from new labor code, normalized 
profit grew by 38.1% YoY. 
Moving on to the Segmental Business Performance, starting with the Tractor business. In Q3 FY26, 
the total tractor industry domestic plus export was at 3.5 lakh tractors up by 23% as compared to the 
corresponding quarter last year. Our total tractor volume was at 36,955 tractors, up by 13.5% as 
against 32,556 tractors in the corresponding quarter previous year. 
On the domestic front, the domestic tractor industry reached 3.3 lakh units in Q3 FY26, registering 
23.2% growth YoY. This momentum was supported by favorable government policies, lower GST 
rate, healthy agriculture conditions including adequate water reservoir levels and state-level 
subsidiary programs that enhance farmer affordability. 
While the industry delivered strong growth, our domestic performance was moderated by regional 
disparity. The North and Central markets continued to underperform as compared to the other 
regions, Other regions grew by 34.2%, and limited availability of key models impacted our sales 
momentum. Our domestic sales were at 35,373 tractors, up by 12% YoY as compared to 31,585 
tractors in the corresponding quarter. 
Our recent product introduction, strengthening financial partnership and deeper dealer engagement 
help maintain healthy market share for farmtrac brand in the core geographies. 
The Promaxx series continue to gain traction with the order inflow now exceeding current supply 
level and we are scaling up our production to meet this demand. 
In the coming next six-eight months, we will be launching new models and upgrades across all brands 
to address key product gaps. The full market impact of this refreshed product portfolio is expected in 
the end of FY27 and we are confident that these initiatives will further reinforce our competitive 
position. 

 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
Looking ahead, we expect the current industry momentum to sustain its growth trajectory. Domestic 
tractor industry is likely to reach a new peak of around 11.5 lakh units this fiscal year. Supported by 
healthy water reservoir, anticipated robust crop yield, reduced GST rate, higher (MSP), minimum 
support price and improved terms of trade. 
On “Export front,” the tractor industry in Q3 FY26 had 26.6K tractors up by 20.1% as against 22.1K 
tractors in the corresponding quarter. Our export volume was at 1,582 tractors, up by approximately 
63% as against 971 tractors in the corresponding quarter. During this quarter, sales to Kubota Global 
Network account for approximately 68% of the total export. 
On the non-tractor revenue, comprising of agri-solution business, engine business and spare parts 
and the service part business, in Q3 constitute around 21% of the agri-machinery segment revenue at 
par with the corresponding quarter and as against 17% in the sequential quarter. 
During the quarter under agri-solutions business, we have introduced the Next-Gen of Rice 
Transplanters, KA6 and KA8 models engineered in Japan for precision, efficiency and comfort. 
These new models deliver higher productivity, superior planting precision and enhance operation 
comfort. And as we move forward, we remain committed to introduce more advanced products to 
the market. 
Agri Machinery product segment revenue came at Rs.2,769.6 crores up by 14.6% as against 
Rs.2,416.6 crores in the corresponding quarter. 
EBIT margin for the Agri Machinery business were up by 310 basis points at 13.5% as against 10.4% 
in the corresponding quarter, led by easing material costs, better operating leverage and cost control 
measures. 
Coming on to the “Construction Equipment Business,” in Q3 FY26 industry volume across crane, 
back-loader, mini-excavator and compactor, declined by approximately 16% YoY, primarily due to 
the higher base of last year caused by pre-buying ahead of emission norm change, coupled with 
extended monsoon and slower mobilization on infrastructure projects. 
Our total volume for Construction Equipment business were at 1,716 machines as against 1,989 
machines in the corresponding quarter and up by 49.7% as against 1,146 machines in the sequential 
quarter. 
Construction equipment segment revenue came at Rs.489.9 crores as against Rs.515.7 crores in the 
corresponding quarter. 
EBIT margin for the quarter-ended December 2025 came at 6.6% as against 11% in the 
corresponding quarter and was up by 280 basis points as against 3.8% in the sequential quarter. 

 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
In our journey to innovation, during the quarter, company expanded its earth-moving and 
construction equipment portfolio with the launch of Kubota U22-6 Mini-Excavator, offering 
advanced precision and compact performance for urban and confined area applications. 
We also showcased Hydra 15 Mining and BLX-75K backhoe loader prototypes, reflecting our focus 
on rugged mining requirements and next-generation fuel-efficient backhoe loader technology. 
Leading the concept lineup, the Hydra-72 cranes represent a major leap in high-end lifting with a 
new 72-foot beam and enhanced safety system. With this introduction, we reinforced our 
commitment to engineer excellence and addressing emerging customer needs. 
It is worthwhile to note that the level of degrowth in the construction equipment segment is coming 
down gradually for our volume from around 23.7% in Q1 to 17.8% in Q2 and 13.7% in Q3 and with 
Jan ending at 3.7%, thus showcasing early sign of stabilization and we expect this gradual 
improvement to continue with the timely awarding of key infrastructure projects and better on-ground 
execution momentum. 
The Union Budget for 2026-27 has further reinforced positive commitment for the construction 
equipment industry with public capital expenditure rising to Rs.12.2 lakh crores. Collectively, these 
factors position the sector for a healthier and more robust demand environment in the coming month 
and the fiscal. 
Now, I will request the moderator to open the floor for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Thanks for taking my question. Just a couple of questions. Firstly, on the industry, I just wanted to 
hear your thoughts on the lumpiness of the industry, because like you mentioned, there are a lot of 
these state government subsidies which have come in the last couple of months? Does this mean that 
as these subsidies come off, the industry will see some sort of deceleration? So, some thoughts on 
how we think about F'27 and the impact of these state subsidies on the growth? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
Hi, Gunjan. Good evening. This is Neeraj Mehra. So, yes, to a certain extent, you are right that 
subsidies have played a major role in the growth of the industry. But, subsidies are not the only 
reason. The primary driver over the last three, four months has been the impact of GST 2.0 plus 
adequate rainfalls and good reservoir levels. Going forward, yes, the impact will be there if the 
subsidies come down. But overall, the macroeconomic parameters as also mentioned by Prateek are 
very positive. So, at this point of time, it is very early to comment on financial year '27, but we see a 
robust growth in Quarter 4 and also a very robust growth in Quarter 1. 

 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, got it. But if you were to like sort of just crystal gaze into the F'27 number, is it fair to say that 
we are not sort of fearing a sudden downturn hitting us in F'27 because there has been so much 
bunching up? I am just trying to draw comfort. Can it be like a really down year because we have 
seen 20%-plus growth for industry in fiscal '26? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
So, Gunjan, it will be very early to comment on the entire financial year now. So, we will have a 
better understanding as we get into Quarter 1 of financial year '27, plus also what the forecast of the 
rainfalls is. All those things will play an important part. So, it is very difficult for me to comment on 
the overall growth or degrowth for financial year '27 as of now. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, got it. And the second question is on the export business. Can you just talk about how do we 
see the scale up now? I know the new capacity plan has just been announced, but if you can just share 
a bit more color on how do we think about the ramp up over the next two years, because the new 
plant is still going to take a couple of years given it is a Greenfield one, so, some outlook on that as 
well? 
Bharat Madan: 
Hi Gunjan, this is Bharat Madan. So, I think on export, like you said, so it is not totally dependent on 
the new plant because even the existing plant also we are making now products which are getting 
exported and then that probably will continue going forward too. The new Greenfield plant was more 
meant for shifting some of the key models from Kubota system in other countries to India. So, that 
will take some time, but the normal export which is happening to the other countries within Kubota 
network also that will continue. So, we do expect the momentum should continue in export, even 
though the base now is slightly becoming higher. So, you would not see the similar growth of 50%-
60% what you see now, but still we expect it will continue to be double-digit growth in export 
numbers going forward even from the existing facility. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, got it. And last question from me on the commodity side. I mean, there has generally been a 
lot of commodity headwind that we are seeing in the other segments. Can you help us understand 
where we stand in terms of tractors? Is pressure is a big risk that we need to bear in mind? How is 
the commodity basket faring for tractors, and if there is any price intervention that is being taken? 
Bharat Madan: 
So, till December though we had mostly zero impact and there is some favorable impact only on the 
commodity prices if you look at cumulative nine months of this fiscal. But, yes, this quarter there 
will be some pressure because some of the metals like copper and aluminum are getting expensive. 
So, we expect maybe some impact will be there. On tractor, we still do not expect it will be a 
significant impact. But on construction equipment, we have seen quite an impact this quarter. So, 
from January itself, I think we have seen the steel prices have gone up. So, which we have taken 
some price increase in the CE space, but I think the inflation was way more than what we had 
increased. So, there is some correction which we intend to do in the prices in the construction 
equipment space. On tractor, I think we will have to wait and watch and see what is the final outcome 

 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
coming. It takes a lag of a quarter to really negotiate and finalize the prices with the supplier. It will 
also depend on how the competition actually responds to that. So, based on that, we will take a call. 
So, if there is a requirement and the industry also passes on the prices, then we will also take the 
similar move. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, got it. So, no price action taken so far, right? 
Bharat Madan: 
No, it is not on our overall portfolio level. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. Got it. All right. I will join back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajox Frederick from Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, the first question is a slight extension of Gunjan's question. 
We have a probability of El Nino happening this year. My question is, are the reservoir levels enough 
to take us through despite a slower monsoon for the year? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
Hi, Ajox. This is Neeraj again. So, as I had mentioned to Gunjan also, the reservoir levels are better. 
So, they will help substantially if El Nino actually comes into effect, because the reservoir levels are 
relatively better because of the last year's rain. But what impact they will have, we will actually get 
to know as we get into the end of Quarter 1 or when the forecast for rainfalls actually come in. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay, sir, fair enough. Secondly, on the mix, we are seeing that the less than 50-HP kind of picking 
up in a very small manner. But, if you look at the last three years, we have seen that kind of dipping 
relatively versus the others. Is there anything structurally happening in that space where we can see 
that inching up further? 
Neeraj: 
So, Ajox, what has actually happened is post the reduction of GST on tractors, the liquidity with the 
farmer has actually increased. So, the farmers who were earlier looking at a 40-HP or a sub-40 HP 
tractor, are now going in for a 45-to-50-HP tractor. So, over the last three to four months, we have 
actually seen a shift towards 45-to-50 HP segment. So, that segment in the last four, five months has 
actually grown. It is primarily because of the additional liquidity with the farmer. So, he has an 
additional play to buy a higher HP tractor with the same amount of money. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay. Got it, sir. That is very helpful. That is it for me. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vijay from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Vijay: 
Hi, sir, thank you for taking my question. A couple of questions. First, I wanted to check on the 
construction equipment side. So, our volume has increased sequentially. So, is it fair to assume that 

 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
now the industry is recovering and though there may be some year-on-year declines, but sequentially, 
we should expect a better fourth quarter and going into Q1? 
Sanjeev Bajaj: 
Hi, Vijay, Sanjeev this side. So, yes, sequentially, we have seen there is a growth or there is a lower 
dip in the industry quarter-on-quarter. And we believe that the way December month has gone by, 
we believe that it is a sign of a reversal. However, it is yet to be seen. We believe that last year Quarter 
4 was low because BS-V products were introduced already. So, last year, Quarter 3 was bigger than 
Quarter 4. This year, Quarter 4 may be better than last year's Quarter 4. If that happens, maybe slightly 
positive, then it is a clear sign of a reversal of the industry trend. We are very hopeful. The 
announcements of the new projects from the governments are there. It is only now we are waiting for 
the actual fund flow to happen to the projects and real mobilization on-ground, which should be 
visible in the fourth quarter as well as in the first quarter of next year before monsoons. So, we are 
quite hopeful on that. 
Vijay: 
Sir, how is the industry exports on the construction equipment side looking after the new norms? So, 
our norms are now comparable to the European norms. So, are we seeing some traction there? 
Sanjeev Bajaj: 
See, we do not have much of an exposure on the products which are exported to Europe or America. 
Largely, our customer base is confined to Africa, SAARC countries and Middle East. We see there 
is a traction, we see there is a growth, not primarily because of the emission norm changes, because 
most of these countries, they are still at BS-III level of products. So, we make BS-III products for 
these countries. But going forward, we also intend to introduce certain products which are going to 
go into larger markets, for example, Southeast Asia and some of the countries where BS-V certified 
products are being used. So, there are new platforms which we are introducing in the due course of 
time in the next few months, which will also give us a foothold in some of the countries where the 
new emission norms will take a larger share of business. 
Vijay: 
Okay. The price increase that happened in April last year, that has been fully bought in by the 
customers. So, we are not seeing now any weakness because of the price increase? 
Sanjeev Bajaj: 
Yes, on construction equipment, the industry generally introduces price increase from 1st of January 
every year. And last year, 1st of January, there was a dual increase – one, because of the BS-V norms 
change, and the second because of the annual inflation passed on to the customers. So, it took a 
couple of quarters for price realization to happen. By Q3, we realized that the price has almost 
stabilized in most of the product categories. However, the big dampener is the slow growth. So, if 
the demand picks up, then it will be very easy for the price increases to stabilize quickly. But, when 
the demand is slow, of course, it takes longer time for price stabilization. That is what we have seen 
in our first two quarters in this year, it has been quite slow. 
Vijay: 
Thank you and all the best for the upcoming quarters. 

 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from Pantomath Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Mitul Shah: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a very strong performance. Sir, my 
question is again on the FY27 outlook. As we consider positive first half, maybe around 15%-17% 
type of growth and current inventory being one of the lowest level, which should help for the next 
few months, but August onwards, this year's base effect will have impact, and as we understand the 
monsoon 2026 will be the deciding factor for second half, but if we go into the detail in terms of the 
state-wise number, all the states are going to report a record high volume performance for FY26 and 
additionally support for few states like Maharashtra subsidy and all. So, in best case scenario, second 
half can be flattish type of number. So, full year number would be like a low single-digit growth, 
which will be much lower than the long-term average. What is your understanding on that, sir? Even 
if the growth would not be there, then growth would not be very high, maybe not even 6-7%. 
Neeraj Mehra: 
Hi, Mitul. Neeraj this side. So, I think your understanding is actually good. So, you have very rightly 
put in all the factors in terms of the growth in terms of the first six months and post that a decline on 
a high base. So, I tend to agree with you, but I am being a bit cautious on giving some kind of a 
figure. But what all figures you have actually to a certain extent quoted, seem very, very logical and 
to a certain extent, looking right at this point of time. 
Mitul Shah: 
Thanks, sir. Sir, second question is on the construction equipment side. As industry has done 
reasonably good on sequential basis YoY, of course, because of the base effect, there was an impact, 
but still, if you look at a longer period of last four, five years or even going forward, the industry is 
not picking up the way other segments like recently even construction or commercial vehicle also 
started doing very strong with 20%-30% growth. So, what are the major challenges or do you think 
anytime soon in next one year or two, we will see similar 20%-30% growth possible as base has been 
much lower over the last many years? 
Sanjeev Bajaj: 
Yes, thank you, Mitul. Sanjeev this side. So, yes, the growth which we had seen in financial year '24 
was dramatic and it was really encouraging. But, if you look at the five years period, I think the 
CAGR has always been 8%-9% and it is expected to grow at about 6%-7% till FY30. 20%-30% will 
be a big ask from the industry. But, I think the government is doing its part by allocating the CAPEX 
required for infrastructure development. Industry is also taking part in accommodating all the 
changes which are happening, especially on the emission norms and electrification of the products 
or whatever technological changes are expected, industry is also investing into it. If you look at the 
last 12-months, I think a lot of variables were in place. Say, for example, BS-V was to be introduced, 
there was a price increase because of BS-V and there was extended monsoon for four, five months, 
and across the country, there are various places the local elections were also playing a part. Now, 
considering that all these factors are over for next year, we believe that next year could start with a 
strong base, because these variables will not be there. And if the investments from the government 

 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
continue, we believe that next year is going to be a turnaround year for construction equipment. Till 
FY30, it will continue to show the momentum of 6%-7% CAGR. 
Mitul Shah: 
Sir, related to this, any color on the served-segments within construction where we see very high 
growth and where the segment will still face some problem? 
Sanjeev Bajaj: 
Yes, so within construction equipment, our served industry, we do four products; we are into cranes, 
mini excavators, backhoe loaders, and compactors. So, the sectors which are expected to do well, 
will be connected to the roads and railways. Those sectors will definitely have the highest traction. 
So, the sectors which we are not available or the sectors like which are related to the construction, 
say, for example, the concrete equipments or material processing equipments, industries will also do 
well. Within our product range, we believe that cranes will grow faster. And at the same time, mini 
excavator has already shown signs of growth in this year and it will continue to grow next year also. 
Backhoe loader and compactors will grow at a nominal rate of about 5%-6%. But cranes and mini 
excavators will grow much faster. 
Mitul Shah: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Sanjeev Bajaj: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi Shares and Stock 
Brokers. Please go ahead. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Sir, congrats on the strong business. So, this is to Bharat Madan, sir. Board has consented the 
investment for the CAPEX for acquiring the land. And also, there is a mention about the indicative 
investment of 22.68 million. Just if you can run through what kind of timelines we are planning to 
go ahead for this CAPEX, sir. 
Bharat Madan: 
So, Mumuksh, right now, the major, I think the intent was to finish the acquisition of land this year. 
So, which is why the investment which is approved by the board right now is only for the land 
acquisition. The investment which you have mentioned in the DPR or the project report which has 
been submitted to UP government is more like indicative. And that assumes certain capacities which 
will be built up right now for tractor and construction equipment plant in the Greenfield facility. So, 
that will depend on the demand scenario in the market, how the volumes will ramp up. Within the 
existing facility also, we can take the overall production level a bit higher by 10%-15% from the 
crane capacity perspective. So, it will really depend if the demand picks up strong and we expect the 
volume gain is happening. And then, obviously, we will be deep on the investment in construction 
activity in the facility. Right now, what we indicated to the government is to start this somewhere in 
2029-30, the first commercial production. But, it can get pre-poned depending on the demand or it 
can get post-poned also depending on the requirements. 

 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. And even for some of the engine products also, spare parts also, would it also start around 
2029? 
Bharat Madan: 
So, engine for the existing product line, obviously, we will expand because the existing capacity in 
the existing Faridabad facility is there for engine, which we can ramp up to take care of the expanded 
facility for phase-I for the Greenfield. But as far as the Kubota engine line is concerned, that is not 
in this phase-I. So, that probably will happen in phase-II depending on again the volume which we 
do for Kubota products in India. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it. So, then, sir, for the JVs companies, it will take more time for the margins to further improve 
with the engine line coming up little later? 
Bharat Madan: 
No. So, I think there is a plan to introduce the Indian platform under Kubota brand name. So, that 
will be using Indian engines only. So, the idea is to expand the margin by localizing those products. 
And they are working on the quality and other aspects, which can really be suitable for putting the 
Kubota brand on those products. So, that is the first priority. But there, the volumes will pick up and 
the margins can be at par with the Indian product line, so, which is what we are trying to do first. I 
think engine is something which right now is a very limited usage for Kubota, because we do only 
about 10,000 to 12,000 tractors which are using Kubota engine today. So, the rest of the products 
which will get introduced in future will be with the local platform. So, the numbers will not really 
justify putting additional investment to justify that sort of volume. Unless, like I said, the export 
volume really picks up and then we will have to use those engines. But that will be slightly later, not 
in phase-I. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. And in terms of spare parts, how do you see that going on? 
Bharat Madan: 
So, we intend to put up a spare part warehouse, which will be a mother warehouse. Right now, we 
are using a rented facility for spare parts. You are saying component export or for spare parts sales? 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Component export 
Bharat Madan: 
So, that is continuing. Even today, it is happening. So, that is I think the intent is to continue with 
that and ramp it up. So, we are adding more products now. So, I think next year, we will see the better 
number coming in from component export side also, because we are putting up a line for transmission 
for the harvesters in the existing facility and that has started production. So, from this quarter also, I 
think the numbers will start looking up. So, next year almost, we will see probably the good ramp up 
will happen on the component export. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. And so finally, just on the construction equipment, we plan to do something 15,000 kind 
of capacity. Currently, we have 10,000. So, just a little thought on I mean, over medium to long term, 

 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
should we expect construction equipment to be more stronger growth area for the company as there 
is a more bigger plan to expand then? 
Bharat Madan: 
No. So, the idea was the existing facility is not sufficient actually space-wise. So, we are actually 
using a lot of rented space in the existing facility to do this production today. So, the idea is to set up 
a Greenfield facility. We will probably look at shifting some of this facility in Faridabad to that place 
and we get this facility. So, the 15,000 will be the total cumulative capacity which will be there at 
that time. So, some of the facilities in Faridabad probably will shut down after this Greenfield gets 
commenced. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much for the answers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Oaklane Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Mr. Madan, my question is on exports of tractors. Now, given that this EU FTA has been signed and 
probably it will come into effect in another year, year and a half, does it now open up EU market for 
us in a material way given existing foothold of Kubota in the European markets? What else we will 
need to do to enable this opportunity on the European export side? 
Bharat Madan: 
See, Europe we are already exporting and today the duty on tractor in Europe is zero. So, there is not 
going to be any impact of any FTA which we sign with the EU, the bilateral agreement which is 
signed. So, that it does not have any significant impact on the tractor industry per se. This will impact 
some of the component exports probably for the auto component manufacturers from India. But on 
tractor, it is not going to be any significant impact. But yes, if the US deal gets signed off, so, today 
a lot of exports are happening from Kubota, Japan to US, and on Japan, I think there is a tariff of 
15%, and against that, if India comes at 18%, so even with the blended rate of the metal tariff of 50%, 
the blended rate will be somewhere around 22%-23% which in Japan today is about 18%. So, it is a 
4-5% delta differential which will come from India. But, I think it will make a lot more sense to 
produce in India at a lower cost and still look at exporting to US market. So, that is the potential 
scenario which in any case Kubota was working on. So, there is a plan to shift some of the products 
to India. So, I think that will happen for the Greenfield facility will be up and running. So, that is 
very much in the plan. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. So, the current Kubota's requirement in Europe for small HP tractors is made to India or only 
partly made to India and partly to other geography? 
Bharat Madan: 
So, we are supplying from India. So, they do have some of the manufacturing in Europe also. And 
they are also importing some of the stuff from Thailand and Japan. But what we are supplying from 
India essentially is being used to compete against many supplies from India and China in those 
markets because they cannot compete with their product portfolio with those supplies where the cost 

 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
differential is very high. So, the Indian supplies are helping them in retaining market share in the 
European market. And today, I think we are looking at good numbers coming in, I think the order 
requirements, order book is quite good, I think from Europe today. And we are trying to level the 
capacities and add more product to the portfolio to continue supplying to them. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. Great. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikram Damani from Damani Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Vikram Damani: 
Hi, good evening. So, you all were to publish an updated mid-term business plan as per some previous 
calls. Any status updates on that? 
Bharat Madan: 
 So, right now I think the parent company is to first adopt the overall mid-term business plan. So, we 
expect they will do I think sometime maybe within this quarter or maybe in the coming meeting. So, 
I think we are not sure. So, maybe they were supposed to do it in February. So, maybe when the 
adoption happens at their end, then the India plan discussion will start. So, we expect maybe within 
a few months, maybe in the next quarter, we should be able to come up with the final plan. 
Vikram Damani: 
Okay. The reason why I ask is because the plant has been quite a bit of delay. So, just trying to get a 
sense of where we are today as a company with all the duties and everything? So, like you said, 
hopefully in the next three months, we should get an updated mid-term business plan. 
Bharat Madan: 
Yes, that is right. 
Vikram Damani: 
Okay, thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ayush Anand from Parascap Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Ayush Anand: 
Good evening, sir. Sir, my question is, which all machines are covered under the CIE scheme and 
are the incentives realized based on capital subsidies? 
Bharat Madan: 
You are asking for the construction equipment side? 
Ayush Anand: 
Yes, sir. 
Bharat Madan: 
Sanjeev, can you respond to that 
Sanjeev Bajaj: 
Yes. So, if you are referring to the latest announcements in the budget about PLI, these are primarily 
export-substitution equipment. So, equipments which are currently are largely imported, say, for 
example, tunnel boring machines, we do not produce in India and it is being imported 100%. And 
similarly, very large cranes or crawler cranes, which are primarily imported. So, those are the 

 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
segments which government wants to substitute with the local manufacturing. And that is where the 
PLI has been announced… although the fine print is yet to come, but the direction is wherever we 
are dependent on imports 100%, those sectors need to be localized. That is the direction and that does 
not apply to us, because we are not in those segments as of now. 
Ayush Anand: 
Okay, sir. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from Pantomath Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Mitul Shah: 
So, thanks for the follow-up opportunities. My question is on market share. If you look at the market 
share fall, and then again, we started now recovering, but in overall, this scenario of last two, two 
and a half years, Kubota brand has been still struggling despite Maharashtra and South doing much 
stronger performance in last one, one and a half year. So, where do you see the exact challenges and 
what could be the strategy going forward for that? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
So, you are right, Mitul, Neeraj this side. So, yes, Kubota initially had been struggling. And that 
struggle, to a certain extent has reduced with the introduction of certain new products in July and 
August. I think the market share in terms of Kubota will improve as certain new product introductions 
are also lined up in the Kubota brand over the next couple of quarters. So, we will see a gradual 
increase in market share in Kubota, I think from H2 onwards 
Mitul Shah: 
What is your understanding? Where is the challenge in terms of competition launching new products 
or any price aggression or our cost structure is some issue, so, where do you see major problem, 
which was not the case earlier, in fact, Kubota was doing much better till last year, and in last one 
and a half, two years, sudden decline has come? 
Bharat Madan: 
So, Mitul, major I think issue is on the product side, but the product lineup is not very strong there. 
So, we had only two models which we are producing for Kubota in India. So, the market potential 
there was very limited. Second thing, most of this stuff was getting imported. Even today, like in 
engine, we are still importing. So, the cost structure does not really justify. So, the kind of pricing 
which we have for Kubota products in the market is way higher than what competition is offering 
today locally. So, these two factors are the key factors which are affecting the overall volume, which 
is why we are very positive if we introduce the Indian platform under that brand name, which is what 
the other competitors, multinational competition has done, then your profitability will increase, you 
will be able to compete much better and the product portfolio will also expand. So, today, it is a very 
restricted portfolio catering to only about 40-50% of the addressable market. But once you take it to 
level of 70-80%, then you will have much larger opportunity. And then they can also start looking at 
expanding on a regional basis. Right now, they are very focused on southern and western market, but 
they are not really very strong in the northern center. So, the portfolio is there, then we can also 
expand to these markets. So, that is in the pipeline. So, that is why I say from this year, I think we 

 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 10, 2026 
 
will see the launches will start happening. Although the Indian platform will still take, I think, what 
year, year and a half to really come, we will get a complete range under that brand name. 
Mitul Shah: 
Understood, sir. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Prateek Singhal: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for being present on this call. For any feedback or queries, feel free 
to write us at investor.relation@escortskubota.com. Thank you very much and have a good evening. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
