 
 
Ref: BHVL/NSE/BSE/TCR/03022026                                                                  February 03, 2026
 
 
                      
        
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Department of Corporate Services – Listing 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Re.: Scrip Symbol: BRIGHOTEL /Scrip Code: 544457 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call on the Company’s Q3 FY ‘26 Earnings – January 29, 
2026                                                                                                                                                                     
 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Conference Call on the financial and operational 
performance of the Company for Q3 FY ‘26 held on Thursday, January 29, 2026.  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
 
 
 
Nirupa Shankar 
Managing Director 
DIN: 02750342 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
Nirupa 
Shankar
Digitally signed by 
Nirupa Shankar 
Date: 2026.02.03 
17:24:01 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 29, 2026 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 29th 
January 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. NIRUPA SHANKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
BRIGADE HOTEL VENTURES LIMITED 
 
MR. VINEET VERMA – NON - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
BRIGADE HOTEL VENTURES LIMITED 
 
MR. AMAR MYSORE – NON - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
BRIGADE HOTEL VENTURES LIMITED 
 
MR. ARINDAM MUKHERJEE – PRESIDENT 
ENGINEERING – BRIGADE HOTEL VENTURES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. ANANDA NATARAJAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – BRIGADE HOTEL VENTURES LIMITED 
 
MR. MANOJ AGARWAL – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
– BRIGADE HOTEL VENTURES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAYAN ARANHA – VICE PRESIDENT OF 
OPERATIONS – BRIGADE HOTEL VENTURES LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS - INVESTOR 
RELATION – BRIGADE HOTEL VENTURES LIMITED 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited's Q3 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I would like to remind the participants that this 
conference call may contain forward-looking statements which are based on beliefs, opinions 
and expectations of the company as of today. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star and zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
With this, I now hand the call over to Ms. Nirupa Shankar, Managing Director of Brigade Hotel 
Ventures Limited. Thank you and over to you. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to the Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited Q3 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. I am joined today by members of our senior leadership team, 
Mr. Vineet Verma, Non - Executive Director; Amar Mysore, Non - Executive Director; Arindam 
Mukherjee, President Engineering; our CFO Ananda Natarajan; Mr. Manoj Agarwal, COO and 
Mr. Rayan Aranha, VP of Operations, along with our Investor Relations Advisors from SGA. 
Brigade Hotel Ventures delivered a solid performance in Q3 FY '26, supported by strong 
operating fundamentals and disciplined execution across the portfolio. Our total income grew 
by 14% year-on-year for the quarter, driven by a 17% year-on-year increase in both ARR and 
RevPAR, while the occupancy for the portfolio remained at a healthy 76%.  
EBITDA increased by 17% to INR51 crores for the quarter, translating to an EBITDA margin 
of 35.9%. This performance was driven by continued focus on cost efficiency and productivity-
led initiatives across the portfolio.  
From a market perspective, Bangalore delivered a very strong performance, with both ARR and 
RevPAR growing by 19% and an average occupancy of 76%. Limited near-term new supply, 
which has helped occupancy stay high, we have been able to command higher pricing. In Grand 
Mercure, GIFT City, ARR and RevPAR grew by 21% and 24% year-on-year, respectively. We 
remain positive on GIFT City's growth potential and are already seeing strong traction. 
 
Our Mysore hotels maintain strong occupancy levels, with the newly launched ibis Styles 
Mysuru ramping up well and achieving 71.7% occupancy within its first year of operation. We 
remain committed to elevating guest experiences and driving F&B revenue across our hotels. 
We plan to launch two new outlets in our hotels this quarter, one at Sheraton Grand and the other 
at Grand Mercure GIFT City. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
Our consistent efforts to improve cost control and productivity continue to yield positive results. 
Utilities as a percentage of operating revenue stood at 5% for the quarter 3 and 5.5% for 9 months 
FY '26. Interest costs have reduced due to loan payments positively impacting the net 
profitability. We are actively advancing the adoption of renewable energy, which currently 
stands at 66%, with some hotels exceeding 90% usage of renewable energy.  
Our existing portfolio is well positioned to sustain strong performance over the medium and 
long term. In parallel, we are gearing up for the next phase of growth with the development 
pipeline of nine new hotels. Over the next five years, we plan to nearly double our portfolio by 
adding 1,700 keys, taking the total inventory to 3,300 keys by FY30, backed by investment of 
close to INR3,600 crores.  
This pipeline is well diversified with a balanced mix of luxury, upper upscale and upscale 
properties across business and leisure destinations. The Courtyard by Marriott at Chennai World 
Trade Centre with 45 keys is expected to become operational in FY '27.  
Looking ahead, our outlook for FY '26 remains strong. The demand visibility continues to be 
healthy, supported by strong corporate activity and sustained mice momentum. We are also 
expecting improved traction from our F&B offerings. We expect this momentum to continue 
into the coming quarters.  
With that, I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Ananda Natarajan, to take you 
through the financial highlights in detail. 
Ananda Natarajan: 
Thank you, Nirupa, and good afternoon everyone. On behalf of the company, I would like to 
welcome you all to the Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings call. I will take you 
through the key financial highlights for the quarter.  
                                                Starting with the consolidated performance for Q3 FY '26, consolidated total income for the 
quarter stood at INR143 crores as compared to INR125 crores in Q3 FY '25, with year-on-year 
growth of 14%.  
Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was INR51 crores compared to INR44 crores in the same 
period last year, reflecting a growth of 17%. EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 35.9%. 
GST 2.0 has resulted in a 1.6% impact on EBITDA margin for Q3 FY '26. Profit after tax for 
the quarter stood at INR22 crores compared to INR10 crores in Q3 FY '25, a growth of 126%, 
Y-o-Y.  
For the 9 months ended FY '26, consolidated income stood at INR398 crores compared to 
INR336 crores in 9 months FY '25, an increase of 19%. EBITDA for the quarter was INR135 
crores, up by 17% year-on-year from INR115 crores in the corresponding period last year. 
EBITDA was impacted by an additional property tax expenses of INR6 crores. Excluding this, 
operational EBITDA would have grown 22% Y-o-Y. EBITDA margin was additionally 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
impacted by 0.6% due to GST2.0. PAT for 9 months FY '26 stood at INR40 crores compared to 
INR11 crores in 9 months FY '25.  
From an operational standpoint, during Q3 FY '26 ARR stood at INR7,852 compared to 
INR6,708 in Q3 FY '25, with occupancy at 76.1%. This translated into a RevPAR of INR5,973 
reflecting a year-on-year growth of 17%. For the nine-month period, ARR was INR7,246 versus 
INR6,396 in nine-month FY '25, with occupancy at 75.4% resulting in a RevPAR of INR5,465, 
a growth of 12% year-on-year.  
As on 31st December 2025, our net cash position stood at INR132 crores. Our adjusted ROCE 
for 9 months FY '26 is 13.1% and return on operating capital employed for 9 months FY '26 
stands at 18.8%. With that, we conclude the financial highlights for the quarter. We would now 
be happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Yes, good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for the opportunity. I have got three questions. The 
first question,  could you help us understand is GST, how it is impacting us in terms of the 
pricing and what costs we are able to pass on or not being able to pass on and how will this 
impact in the future? That is the first question? 
Ananda Natarajan: 
Yes, thank you. Thank you for your question. This is Ananda here. See, the GST as per the new 
GST law, if our ADR that is room rent, if we are charging anything at 7,500 and below the GST 
rate applicable is 5%. They have reduced it from 12% to 5%, but what they have done is on the 
input tax credit eligibility, that wherever we are charging with 5% GST, on the pro-rata basis, 
we have to reverse ITC. We can't take input to that extent. So, that is hitting our expenses, which 
is hitting for the quarter around 1.6%.  
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay. So, should this ease off in the coming quarters or is this still be around for some time 
now? 
Ananda Natarajan: 
It will continue in the same 1.6% range will continue till the rate crosses that 7,500 mark. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay, at an overall level, means broadly as we head towards that thing as a company, right, 
overall the ARR, right? 
Ananda Natarajan: 
Not overall. Any individual bill for any hotel if they charge 7,501 and above, then this impact 
will be zero. If it is 7,500 and below, then we have to consider this impact on prorate. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay. Okay. Got that. Got that. Okay. Okay. Yes. So, the second question now is on our capex 
plan, right? We had a capex plan of INR3,400, INR3,500 crores, right, for the next 4-5 years. 
So, could you give us the YTD capex number? And going ahead for the rest of this year and next 
year, any number on the budgeted capex we can model in? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes. So, I can just take that. So, as we mentioned, for the next set of 9 hotels, we are expecting 
a capex of INR3,600 crores. We have already deployed about INR158odd crores in FY '24 and 
FY '25, you know, to do the preparatory work. 
In FY '26, we have, or in the last 9 months, we have already invested about INR230-odd crores. 
And possibly, maybe in the next quarter or so, it could be about INR25 crores to INR30 crores. 
So, that's how it looks. The balance, INR3,200 crores would come in over the next 4 years or so. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay. So, the next 4 years from, let's say, '27, this, so how will this '30 -- will we split INR800 
crores evenly or next year it is more INR500 crores to INR600 crores-is, the number? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
No, it's going to be back-ended, back-ended in FY '29 and FY '30. So, the exact amount really 
depends on the pace of construction. So, can't really split it up at this point in time, but I would 
say they're going to be back-ended in '29 and '30. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay. Okay. Got that. Yes. And final question, obviously, F&B, right, was a strong suit for us, 
right, in the first half, right? The growth is pretty strong, but it seems to have tapered off in this 
quarter. So, any one-offs because of that, and for the current quarter, how are you seeing the 
demand trends overall? Yes. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
So, overall, I would say, yes, the F&B trend, the increase was only 4% if we compare the quarter-
on-quarter growth. However, it was a one-off with one particular hotel, because maybe last year 
they had, maybe they did an excellent job with their ODCs. This year, some of those were not 
repeated. 
So, if I remove the one hotel, the portfolio actually grew by 20%. And if I look at the last 9 
months, F&B has grown at 16%, which is pretty healthy. And going forward, I expect the growth 
to be in the similar high teens number for F&B. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay. So, to understand correctly the room revenue and the F&B should, again, start tracking, 
right, the similar growth levels, right, from, it would have stabilized from this quarter onwards? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes. I have been saying mid-teens to high teens is the growth rate that we are projecting for the 
portfolio in terms of, be it rooms or F&B. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay. Okay. Fine, fine. Sure. Okay. Thank you. I'll come back in the queue if I have more 
questions. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sourabh Gilda from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Yep. Thank you for the opportunity. I just have one question on the Bangalore portfolio. They 
have been performing well on the rate front and the occupancy has been consistent at 76%, 78% 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
over the last couple of quarters. Do you still see room to improve it further? And if yes, like 
what could be the drivers? Thanks. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
See, Bangalore has been performing well, mainly because it's a business market and the overall 
business segment has been doing well. While our portfolio is at mid-70s, I do believe that at an 
optimum level, it should be in the, it should touch about 80 or low 80s. That's how we would 
like to see the portfolio trend. 
 
Obviously, during the weekdays, Monday to Thursday, the hotels are doing extremely well and 
extremely high occupancy, but it tapers off as a natural course of business on Friday, Saturday, 
Sunday. So, we do have to market it a little more for vacations. But that said, two of our 
Bangalore hotels, like the Holiday Inn Bengaluru Racecourse and the Holiday Inn Express & 
Suites on OMR, have been trending at 80% plus. So, we do expect that the other hotels as well 
in Bangalore will be able to touch 80% plus. 
 
ADR growth will definitely be there because there's still limited supply coming into the market. 
The demand and supply dynamics for the next 5 years are very healthy in all the markets we're 
operating, be it Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad. So, for Bangalore as well, the supply is growing 
only at 7.3% for the next 5 years, whereas demand is growing at 10.1%. So, we still think that 
there is room to grow. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Sure, thanks. And just to follow-up on the GST front, can you please highlight what percentage 
of our inventory is below the INR7,500 crores bucket? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
So, out of the nine hotels, seven have ADR below 7,500. I think our objective now and what we 
need to work on is to see how we can take this ADR above 7,500. So, obviously, it's not a 
decision we can make in isolation. It's very much dependent on the market dynamics, but we do 
have to see how we can take our ADR above. But yes, currently, two hotels are above the 7,500 
rate. 
Manoj Agarwal: 
Just to add here, hi, this is Manoj this side. So, if you see our portfolio ADR is already now 
reaching 7,300 level. So, we are now getting up to a level where most of our hotels will start 
hitting more than 7,500. Right now, clearly, two are above 7,500 and another three, four are kind 
of right there. So, hopefully now with these hotels also crossing that 7,500 mark, that impact 
will be getting minimal over the course of next few quarters. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Got it. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Muley from Haitong India Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
Yes. Hi. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I had a question regarding our expansion 
pipeline. So, for the properties which are coming online in '28 and '29, would you be able to give 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
the status of current development and when during the year do you expect these properties to 
become operational? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
See, currently we have three hotels that are slated to come up in FY '28, the two Fairfield and 
one Grand Hyatt Chennai. We've already started our construction on the two Fairfield. For the 
Grand Hyatt Chennai, it will be a low-rise beachfront property, but we're waiting on one 
approval in order for us to start our construction. 
 
Basically, it's a CRZ approval that we're waiting on. But apart from that, both the Fairfield, we've 
already started the construction. In fact, the Fairfield in BIAL, already the footings are in 
progress and even Brigade Valencia, we've already started. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
Understood. So, you're confident about the timeline for operationalization of these properties? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
As of now, we believe that there's nothing to worry about and we believe that business is on 
track. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
All right. And secondly, related to capex, we have overall INR3,600 crores of capex planned. 
Do you expect any incremental debt raised regarding the future capex? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes, we definitely expect to raise debt in order to fund our construction. So, we are expecting 
about, we haven't yet raised that debt because we don't require it immediately, but maybe in the 
coming fiscal year, we will start to take some debt. But we've already have the banks, everything 
sorted out for our deadline. 
 
So, right now, we're not taking anything in the next couple of quarters. But as and when we start 
to take, we'll keep you posted. But yes, we definitely expect a good chunk of the construction 
cost to be financed by debt. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
And what would be the threshold net debt to EBITDA? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
See, basically, if we look at it, the peak that we can look at, like I said, the construction cost and 
the capex invested would be back-ended in FY '29 and FY '30. So, there it would be debt to 
EBITDA would be about 4.5x to 4x. However, if you look at the DSCR, it's actually 4x covered 
till FY '29. 
 
So, we have a very healthy DSCR. So, we're not worried about enhancing our debt levels because 
it is required with the kind of growth that we have outlined. So, while debt to EBITDA is one 
angle to look at, if we look at the DSCR, our EBITDA covers our debt levels by four times till 
FY’29. So, yes. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
 
Understood. 
Manoj Agrawal: 
And once these hotels start operations, then suddenly we'll see a drop in this debt to EBITDA 
ratio. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Vaibhav Muley: 
Understood, sir. Perfect. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to ask a question, you may press star and one 
now. The next question is from the line of Arun Agarwal from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Arun Agarwal: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions. One is that you talk about mid-teen 
growth for the company. So, I presume that would be for FY’27 as well, right? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
That's right. That's right. 
Arun Agarwal: 
Yes. So, I just wanted to understand, how big a role the occupancy and the ARR will play? 
Because the occupancy, what we have seen has been around that, you know, 77%. So, how do 
you see the ARR moving from here on now? And if we just highlight what would drive the 
ARR? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
See, basically, I don't think we should basically, we have to look at the RevPAR. RevPAR grew 
by about 17% for the quarter. And we should basically, we need to give the operating hotels the 
flexibility to work with an occupancy and ADR. So, for instance, if we, during the weekdays 
when occupancies are very high, they can have the ability to also increase the ADR. But 
obviously, during low demand periods, then they may decide to decrease the ADR. 
But overall, as a portfolio, what we need to see and as an overall hotel performance, we have to 
look at the RevPAR. And those dynamics, in some cases, if we want to play on the occupancy, 
then it does impact ADR to some extent if you're just driving volumes to the hotel versus rate 
business. 
So, I think this is just something that's very dynamic. We have revenue managers across each of 
the properties. And, their job is to figure out how to play within these two levers. But as long as 
we see RevPAR increasing, I think that should be the biggest sign of growth. 
Arun Agarwal: 
All right. My second question is basically with respect to your capex. Now, we have got one 
property coming up in FY’27. We've got three properties coming in FY’28. So, I think there 
would be a good amount of capex that would entail in FY '27 as well. If you could just help us 
with the amount, because you told that a lot of capex will be backhanded. So, just wanted to 
understand how much it would be in FY '27-'28, possibly, because four of the properties are 
coming in the next? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
So, you know, for the 45 room key, we've had to put in about INR50 odd crores. But in terms of 
the larger amount, yes. So, but in terms of the coming year, we, you know, the capex that we 
need to put in could range between INR400 to INR500 crores for the additional nine hotels. 
Arun Agarwal: 
And apart from this, these also sort of includes your maintenance and upgradation capex for the 
existing property? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Nirupa Shankar: 
We've put in about INR10 crores thus far in the last 9 months. We are looking to put in another 
possibly INR10 crores in the coming quarter. And maybe in the coming fiscal year, another 20 
odd crores. 
Arun Agarwal: 
All right. Thank you. That's it from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Yes, thank you for the follow up. My specific question is around the two, the Chennai Five Star, 
right? And the Hyderabad, right? The Intercontinental. What is the status of the construction 
progress in there? When do we start? Or what is happening over there? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes, so for the Hyderabad Intercontinental, we've already started the construction. But of course, 
the hotel comes only after the 32nd floor. While before we can start the construction for the 
hotel, but because it sits on top of the mall and the World Trade Center Hyderabad. In terms of 
the, did you ask about the Grand Hyatt? 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Yes. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Grand Hyatt, like I already mentioned, we are awaiting, all our preparatory works are done for 
the property. We're ready to start construction. We're waiting on one approval, environmental 
clearance, and then we're good to start the construction. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay, so is that expected in this year? Means, what is the movement? Anything there? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Sorry, could you please repeat the question? 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
I think that environmental clearance, are we expecting to receive it shortly within this year, the 
next couple of months? Or is it still some time away? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Okay, hopefully this financial year, we're working on it. Hopefully, this financial year. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay, fine. Yes, that's it from my side. Thank you, all the best. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. To ask a question, participants, you may press star and one now. The next question 
is from the line of Prashant, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Prashant: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions. One was, in the last quarter, was there 
any impact of the airline disruption? A major Indian airline disruption? 
Manoj Agarwal: 
No. So that was…. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, but we can't hear you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Manoj Agarwal: 
So thankfully, you know what I was saying that thankfully, we did not see much impact of the 
airline disruptions because it was shortly, three, four days. And, you know, all the business 
occupancies were kind of continued steadily on account of the groups and other conference 
based businesses. So we did not see much impact due to airline disruptions. 
Prashant: 
Okay. Another thing, how much of your inventory is covered by corporate contracts? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes, so this has been quite dynamic, I would say. Currently, if I look at it from a portfolio level, 
about 30% comes from corporate business, 20% comes from groups and the retail business has 
moved quite significantly to 50%. Now, not to say that within the retail business, you don't have 
corporate, but it's just hard to clearly define how much of the retail business is actually from 
corporates and how much are from independent travelers. 
Prashant: 
So in terms of, I mean, no dynamic pricing, the 50% is where I mean, you could play, I mean, 
you have the levers to increase the RevPAR. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes, and that's one of the reasons why we've also may be kept more of the inventory towards 
retail, because this helps us be a lot more flexible with the high demand days on the rates. 
Manoj Agarwal: 
And also to add to that, now the contracted business also is gradually shifting towards dynamic. 
So it's no more that contracted business, we are doing at static rates, most of the operators now 
are slowly shifting their corporate business to link to the dynamic rate and not the static rate for 
the full year. 
Prashant: 
So, I mean, that means the rate, I mean, the rate gets priced more frequently or how does it, if 
you can answer. 
Manoj Agarwal: 
So, linked to the going rate, corporate, now the contract happens at a percentage discount to the 
going rate of that day. 
Prashant: 
Okay, okay. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes, but the ADR changes on a daily basis. I mean, for the retail, it would be a daily rate change. 
Prashant: 
Okay. Since you are predominantly south-based, I mean, operations, could you help us, I mean, 
in terms of what was the MICE and wedding business for the first last 9 months and going 
forward, how do you see that? A general industry trend plus your observation that would be 
helpful. 
Manoj Agarwal: 
So, see, that depends on hotel to hotel and what category of the hotel and the market. In some of 
our hotels, like Sheraton, which is a banquet heavy and which has large conference and 
banqueting spaces, we are seeing, up to 25%-30% of the business coming from the conferences 
and social functions. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
In some of the business hotels where there is lesser amount of conferencing space, there we see 
10%-15% business coming from the conferences and events. So, it's a mixed bag depending on 
the hotel and the category. But overall on a portfolio basis, we see almost out of 30% of the F&B 
that we do, one third of that F&B business comes from the MICE and conferences and events. . 
Prashant: 
And going forward, you feel that will continue or there is a possibility of increasing that? 
Manoj Agarwal: 
Yes. So, right, even now the occupancy of our conference spaces and banquet spaces is still not 
reached the full potential. I mean, they are still operating at around 40%-50% occupancy. So, 
there is a clear room to grow the conferencing and social event business. 
Prashant: 
And the last one, I mean, you have clearly, I mean, very well-articulated the capex and the 
expansion plans. Just any plan or thoughts on asset recycling to reduce the debt and to improve 
the PBT? Because as shareholders, we are more interested in PBT rather than EBITDA. 
EBITDA makes bankers happy. PBT makes shareholders happy. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes. So, in fact, our PAT has even increased by 126% for the last 3 months and almost by 273% 
for the last 9 months. So, we have definitely seen improvement in profitability. In terms of debt, 
there is not much, there is not hardly any debt on the books right now because we just raised the 
IPO proceeds and repaid all our debt. 
The only amount we have is about INR148 crores, which is a loan from the parent company, 
which we plan to repay as well. And our net debt is, in fact, negative because we have a cash 
surplus at the moment about INR132 crores of net cash. 
Prashant: 
So, for the upcoming expansion, I mean, can we see any asset recycling from the existing 
portfolio or you would still prefer to go for a fresh debt? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
No, we plan to go for fresh debt because we've repaid all the debt through the IPO proceeds. So, 
it will all be fresh. No, and we are not planning to sell any of our existing portfolio assets. 
Prashant: 
Okay. Wish you all the best. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Reminder to participants, who wish to ask a question, you may press star and one at 
this time. The next question is from the line of Pulkit Chawla from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Pulkit Chawla: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. So, my first question is, a lot of your peers have been 
highlighting that RevPAR growth, their expectations are typically high single digit to low double 
digit, while you've sort of been confident of mid to high teens. What's sort of giving you this 
confidence that you can probably do much better than market? So, that's one. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
And second, specifically on Q3 performance, if you could just spell out how the individual 
months have performed and also how has January been? Has there been some softness and how 
are you looking at Feb and March as well? Thank you. 
Manoj Agarwal: 
Yes, hi. So, see, what market is saying is high single digit or low double digit ADR growth. 
What we are experiencing in our portfolio is that, as Nirupa also mentioned in the beginning, 
that in our particular micro markets, we are not seeing any additional supply. Overall, there is a 
demand and supply arbitrage in any case in our cities, wherever we are operating, like Chennai 
and Bangalore. 
Over and above that, in our particular micro markets, we don't see any major supply coming in 
or disrupting the dynamics in the market. And these primary contributors currently in our 
portfolio, which is the Chennai hotel and the three Bangalore hotels, there we are already 
maintaining a very healthy occupancy level. So, no supply, steady occupancy levels, and now 
we are targeting better yield on the ADR, which we are doing continuously for the last several 
quarters. 
So, this trend we are seeing to continue. If the market is increasing, let's say 10%-12% in these 
micro markets, we have the ability to exploit further because of our strategic positioning and the 
healthy occupancy level to yield better on the ADR. So, that's how we are saying that we will 
be able to maintain our mid-teens kind of RevPAR growth. 
Pulkit Chawla: 
Thanks. And the second question on how the months have behaved and how to see in January. 
Manoj Agarwal: 
Correct. So, overall, this quarter has shown a very fantastic 19% kind of growth on the same 
store basis. But overall, October started a little slow because there were two periods of holidays 
within the October month. 
But November came back very strongly and November kind of overcompensated for whatever 
lesser growth was there in October. Then similarly, December, in spite of the flight disruptions 
in the first week, we continued our RevPAR growth and it got a little slow towards the end of 
the month. But overall, it remained in line. So, November was the best month and October and 
December, I would say, was performed on an expected level. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
And January has been a good month. Like I said, we expect a good quarter because Q4 in every 
fiscal year is generally a very strong quarter. 
Pulkit Chawla: 
Perfect. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kartikey Goyal from Lapis India Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Kartikey Goyal: 
Hi. So, if I look at your Q2 investor presentation, it mentions the capex for FY’26 and FY’27 at 
around INR1,500 crores. Now, somebody asked a question and you said you expect FY’27 capex 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
to be around INR500 crores. So, have we spent INR1,000 crores on FY’26 or some portion of 
this capex is being pushed out? I have a second question, but once you answer it, I'll ask that. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes. Thanks for that. So, as I mentioned, in FY’26, we plan to spend about INR265 crores and 
we've already spent about INR230-odd crores in the first 9 months. For FY’27, we're expecting 
it to be approximately INR500-odd crores. And like I said, a lot of this will be back-ended to 
FY’29 and ‘30. I mean, we didn't give year-wise breakup because it's very difficult to say based 
on the pace of construction as well. So, these are approximate numbers and can be subject to 
change. 
Kartikey Goyal: 
Sure. The second question is that you have another nine hotels in the pipeline. The land for these 
hotels, has it been purchased by the company or it still sits elsewhere? Because I looked at your 
current portfolio, and I found that five of those hotels are on lease from third, like the land is 
leased from either third party or the promoter. So, can you give some clarity on that? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes, I think that's a conscious strategy that we have taken. Currently, for the nine hotels that we 
have upcoming, all the land has been tied up in Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited. Either it has 
been acquired or we have taken it on long lease. 
And yes, because of that, I would say we've been able to keep our cost of land also very cost 
effective. In fact, out of the total capex, only approximately 10% of it is going towards land. So, 
acquiring the land at a very cost effective price has been one of our key strengths and strategies. 
Kartikey Goyal: 
Okay, but the land does not sit in the company. It belongs to third party. So, I mean when we're 
liquidating these assets, do you see any challenge? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Like I said, these are long leases. So, for instance, the new hotels that we have tied up could be 
55-year leases, 60-year leases. So, I think it will go on far beyond my time or your time. 
Kartikey Goyal: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, if you wish to ask a question, you may press star 
and one at this time. Participants who wish to ask a question may press star and one. The next 
question is from the line of Nishant Mundhra from Wadhwan Pandey & Co. Please go ahead. 
Nishant Mundhra: 
Yes. So, I wanted to ask you about one of the hotels where the contract with Marriott is going 
to end by 31st of December 2026. So, what are the plans? Are we going to renew it or we have 
some other partner coming in? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
So, yes, we're discussing with Marriott already and we're just seeing what is the best outcome 
for the hotel and just trying to see which is the best outcome for the overall property in the long 
term. So, it's still under negotiation and we're still discussing to see what to do. Either we renew 
with the current one, or we up brand it. We're just trying to see where we will get the best returns. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Nishant Mundhra: 
All right. Yes, that's it from my side. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Manoj Agrawal, COO of Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited for closing 
comments. 
Manoj Agarwal: 
Hi. Thank you. Thank you all for your time and continued engagement with Brigade Hotel 
Ventures Limited. We trust this session has provided a comprehensive overview of our business 
performance and addressed all your queries. We remain confident in the strength of our operating 
portfolio, supported by healthy pipeline, disciplined execution, strong demand visibility, and our 
unique positioning across our micro-markets. 
As we move forward, our focus will remain on driving operational efficiencies, enhancing guest 
experience, and building a more balanced portfolio with newer additions across luxury, upper 
upscale, and upscale segments. With a strong balance sheet and a well-phased development 
pipeline, we believe we are well positioned to deliver sustainable growth and long-term value 
for all our stakeholders. 
Before we conclude, we are proud to share that our restaurant ‘High Ultra Lounge’ at Sheraton 
Grand Bangalore at Brigade Gateway has won the ‘Night Club of the Year (South)’ award at ET 
Restaurants and Life Awards in October 2025. Our hotels continue to uphold their commitment 
to community engagement and social responsibility through a range of impactful initiatives. 
For any further queries or clarifications, please feel free to reach out to SGA, our Investor 
Relations Advisors. And thank you once again for your time and we wish you all a great day 
ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
