 
 
 
 
           Corp. Office: Shree Laxmi Woolen Mills Estate, 2nd Floor, 
 R.R. Hosiery, Off Dr. E. Moses Rd. Mahalaxmi, Mumbai - 400 011   
                                      
 
 
 
 
      Tel: (022) 3001 6600  
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
      CIN No. : L17100MH1905PLC000200  
Regd. Office : The Phoenix Mills Ltd., 462 Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013. Tel : (022) 2496 4307 / 8 / 9   
Fax : (022) 2493 8388  E-mail : secretarial@phoenixmills.com   www.thephoenixmills.com 
 
February 03, 2026 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 
 
Exchange Plaza,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
 
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
 
 
Mumbai- 400051 
 
Security code: 503100  
 
 
Symbol: PHOENIXLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
This is further to our letter dated January 29, 2026, wherein we had informed the stock exchanges 
about the conclusion of our Earnings Conference Call concluded on Thursday, January 29, 2026 at 
11:55 A.M. (IST), with Analysts / Institutional Investors on Un-audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended on December 
31, 2025. 
 
Please find attached herewith the Transcript of the said Earnings Conference Call. 
 
The enclosed Transcript is being made available on the Company’s website and can be accessed at 
https://www.thephoenixmills.com/investors/FY2026/Earnings-Call-Transcript.   
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For The Phoenix Mills Limited 
 
 
 
 
____________________ 
Bhavik Gala 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. F8671 
 
Encl.: As enclosed 
BHAVIK 
MANILAL 
GALA
Digitally signed 
by BHAVIK 
MANILAL GALA 
Date: 2026.02.03 
12:47:11 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
The Phoenix Mills Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY26 Results Conference Call 
January 29, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and  9M FY26 Results Conference Call 
of The Phoenix Mills Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shishir Shrivastava. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Thank you, Danish. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. It is a pleasure 
to connect with you again. 
During Q3 FY26, across retail, offices, hospitality and residential, we saw strong festive demand 
and consistent execution. Consolidated revenue for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,121 crores, an 
increase of 15% year-on-year, while consolidated EBITDA grew by 19% year-on-year to Rs. 656 
crores, underscoring the operating leverage in our platform. Retail delivered robust 
consumption growth of 25% year-on-year during the festive quarter, driven by broad-based 
demand across categories. In offices, we completed approximately 1.2 million square feetof 
gross leasing year-to-date, corresponding to nearly 25% of our portfolio, with a healthy pipeline 
of advanced-stage discussions. Our hospitality business benefited from strong occupancies and 
rate-led growth, while residential sales and collections continued to progress steadily on a 
year-to-date basis. Alongside this operating momentum, we continue to maintain a prudent 
and flexible balance sheet, supported by strong operating cash flows and disciplined capital 
allocation. This has enabled us to fund our ongoing CAPEX and the ISML partner buyout 
primarily through equity, while keeping overall leverage at prudent levels.  
Our performance for the third quarter and the first nine months of FY26 reflects the 
consistency of execution across our platform and the quality of growth we are delivering. The 
strength of our model lies not only in scale, but in the productivity of our assets, capital 
efficiency and the resilience of our financial position. Even as parts of our portfolio undergo 
active transformation, the underlying business continues to compound, supported by resilient 
demand and disciplined execution across our portfolio. 
I will now hand the call over to Ms. Rashmi Sen to take you through the performance of our 
retail portfolio in greater detail. Rashmi, over to you. 

 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Rashmi Sen: 
Thank you, Shishir. Good morning, everyone. 
Phoenix Retail continues to set new standards through innovations, upgrades, new launches 
and meticulous brand creation. As you all know, we are upgrading our Phoenix MarketCity 
centers and premiumizing the brand mix by launching flagship formats, marquee brands and 
differentiated concepts to further strengthen these centers. A key thrust is scaling experiential 
and F&B ecosystems, which ensures that our assets function as full-day social consumption and 
destination hubs. In parallel, we remain deeply focused, enhancing retailer productivity 
through carefully curated category mix and focused marketing initiatives. And above all, we 
continue to have a steadfast emphasis on enhancing profitability, driven by consistent rental 
growth and operating efficiency. 
In Q3 FY26, consumption grew by 25% at Rs. 4,992 crores, with strong momentum across all 
categories. Rental income grew by 13% year-on-year to Rs. 573 crores, while EBITDA increased 
16% to Rs. 585 crores, underscoring the operating leverage in our portfolio. For the first nine 
months of FY26, retailer sales reached Rs.12,326=7 crores, marking a year-on-year growth of 
17%. To put this in context, our full-year consumption for FY25 was Rs. 13,750 crores and in 
the first nine months of FY26, we have already approached that level; despite no new mall 
additions and with large parts of flagship Phoenix Market City centers under repositioning and 
upgrades. This highlights the underlying productivity uplift across the retail portfolio. 
Moving to consumption trends. Consumption performance during the quarter was broad-
based, with growth driven not just by the festive demand, but also by improved tenant mix and 
higher dwell time. Within the mall portfolio, growth was led by Phoenix Mall of Asia, 
(Bengaluru), which saw a 112% increase in consumption, supported by 22% growth at Phoenix 
Palladium, Mumbai; Phoenix Palassio(Lucknow), and 25% growth at Phoenix Mall of 
Millennium(Pune). All other centers as well reported a positive mid-teens consumption growth. 
From a category perspective, fashion and accessories grew 16% year-on-year, while family and 
entertainment and multiplexes were up by 19% on the back of strong film releases during the 
quarter. F&B grew by over 11% as well, while jewellery was up by 39%. This diversified 
performance reflects sustained consumer demand and the continued confidence of leading 
brands in the Phoenix platform. 
Moving to brand curation and leasing momentum.Turning to our retail partnerships, our 
premium positioning continues to attract marquee brands and as a result, we continue to 
deepen our partnerships with leading global and domestic brands, particularly in categories 
that are driving higher trading density and rental yield for us. Phoenix Mall of Asia, in particular 
has emerged as a preferred launch destination with notable openings including South India's 
first Apple Store, the largest Lego store in South India, Onitsuka Tiger's first concept store in 
India, and several others. We remain focused on improving portfolio productivity through a 
more curated retail mix including right-sizing, planned brand refresh, and selective upgrades. 
We are also introducing premium high-performing brands across key categories such as 

 
 
Page 3 of 14 
fashion, jewellery, athleisure, watches, beauty, and F&B, which is beginning to reflect in better 
productivity metrics. A direct reflection of the churn and brand refresh can be seen in the 
notable improvement in trading density at both PMC Bangalore and PMC Pune.  
At Phoenix Market City Bangalore, trading density grew to Rs. 3,011 pspm for 9MFY26 by 23% 
year-on-year. With nearly 80% of the planned transformation already executed, trading density 
levels at this center are now approaching those of Phoenix Palladium Mumbai, which have 
been about Rs. 3,400 - 3,500 pspm between FY23 and FY25. Similarly, PMC Pune recorded a 
14% increase to Rs. 2,214 pspm (trading density), with 19% of its GLA under transformation 
and over a third of new brands already operational. These results demonstrate immediate 
value unlocked through our asset upgrading initiatives. 
Beyond retail, we are integrating active lifestyle elements into our malls. A key example is the 
Phoenix Racquet Club launched in December 2025 at Phoenix Palladium Mumbai. Located on 
top of the mall, the facility integrates paddle and pickle ball courts with open-air cafe and 
community spaces, creating a lifestyle-led, community-driven destination within a luxury retail 
environment. In just its first month of operation, the Racquet Club welcomed over 1,000 
customers, attracted sponsorships and generated approximately Rs. 50 lakhs in revenue, while 
also meaningfully increasing engagement and repeat visits at the center.  
Our expanded F&B ecosystem comprising cafes, restaurants and dining concepts continues to 
act as a powerful catalyst for engagement. Our Gourmet Village at Phoenix Palladium, a two-
level dining and entertainment destination launched last year, has validated this model by 
increasing repeat visits, lengthening dwell times and boosting same-store sales growth across 
the center. Having proven the concept, Gourmet Village now serves as our blueprint for similar 
rollouts across the Phoenix portfolio, especially Phoenix Palassio, PMC Pune, PMC Mumbai and 
PMC Bangalore. 
Alongside growth, we maintained a strong focus on capital and cost efficiency, with marketing 
and energy costs serving as key levers for improving asset-level returns. One such example is 
the reduction of our retail marketing spend by 15% during Q3 FY26. We achieved this by 
pivoting towards high-impact targeted initiatives and deeper collaboration with our brand 
partners. By shifting to sponsored activations such as Sephora Christmas Armani's Diwali Decor 
at Phoenix Palladium, sharper targeting of high-performing brands and leveraging influencer-
led, hyper-local strategies, we have proven that we can do more with less. Despite the leaner 
spends, we saw positive footfalls, delivered higher consumption growth and meaningfully 
scaled revenue share income. Our marketing is not just cost-efficient but materially more 
effective at driving both engagement and monetization. 
We have also made meaningful progress on sustainability and cost efficiency. Renewable 
energy now accounts for 30% of our retail energy requirements for common area and HVAC, 

 
 
Page 4 of 14 
up from 20% during Q3 last year. We are currently in advanced discussions with multiple 
renewable energy providers to further scale adoption across the portfolio. 
Looking ahead, we continue to see good visibility for double-digit growth across our retail 
portfolio in FY26, supported by strong consumer demand trends, healthy retailer performance 
and ongoing portfolio enhancement. With a significant portion of our portfolio coming up for 
renewal over the next five years, major expansions across our existing Phoenix assets and a 
secured launch pipeline through 2030, we are well positioned for sustained value creation 
through disciplined execution, leasing and productivity enhancement. 
I will now hand the call over to Varun to take you through the next set of highlights. 
Varun Parwal: 
Thank you, Rashmi. 
Turning to offices, our focus continues to be on building a differentiated, high-quality portfolio 
that complements our mixed-use developments. We are prioritizing well-designed, sustainable 
workplaces that benefit from being embedded within an active retail and lifestyle ecosystem. 
Over the last two years, this strategy has resulted in a significant expansion of our office 
platform. From a base of around 2 million square feet across two cities in 2023, we have scaled 
now to nearly 5 million square feet of completed office spaces across four cities today. In fact, 
during this year, in Pune, we received occupation certificates for the entire Millennium Tower 
Complex. We also achieved the prestigious USGBC LEED Platinum certification in November 
2025for Millennium Towers in Pune. In fact, as a key strategy of our sustainability initiatives, 
all our new office developments are USGBC LEED certified, reflecting our emphasis on 
sustainability and long-term asset quality.  
Leasing activity for offices through the year has been very healthy and encouraging. By 
December 2025, we have achieved nearly 1.2 million square feet of gross leasing across our 
office assets in Mumbai, Pune, Bengaluru, and Chennai. Occupancy at our stabilized assets in 
Mumbai and Pune increased to 76% from 67% at the end of March 2025. And in our recently 
completed developments across Pune, Bangalore, and Chennai, lease occupancy now stands 
at about 41%, with advanced-stage discussions providing good visibility for continued ramp-up 
across this portfolio. 
For the first nine months of FY26, our operational office portfolio, comprising of our assets in 
Mumbai and in Viman Nagar, Pune, generated income of Rs. 1,62 crores, with EBITDA coming 
in at Rs. 103 crores. With the leasing progress achieved during the year, the office portfolio is 
now entering the transition from a build and lease phase into a rental monetization phase, with 
newer assets expected to begin contributing meaningfully to earnings and cash flows from 
FY27 onwards. 
 

 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Turning to our Hotels portfolio: 
The business delivered a strong performance during the period despite tough macroeconomic 
sentiments. For the first nine months, income stood at Rs. 423 crores, reflecting an 8% year-
on-year increase, while EBITDA meaningfully grew much ahead of revenue at 16% and reached 
Rs. 190 crores. Our EBITDA margins for the two hotels were very healthy at 45%, with an 
improvement of 300 basis points over the same period last year. The St. Regis Mumbai, drove 
this EBITDA improvement, operating at a healthy 85% occupancy for nine months of FY26, with 
average room rates crossing Rs. 20,000, up 8% year-on-year. 
Growth was driven by a deliberate shift towards higher-yielding segments such as retail-led 
demand and celebrations, strong performance in events and F&B, and a continued focus on 
experience-led differentiation. This reinforced the role of our hotels as yield-enhancing 
extensions of our mixed-use ecosystem. Courtyard by Marriott, Agra delivered a resilient 
performance despite the softer city environment, maintaining strong occupancies and market 
share during the peak season. 
I will now hand the call over to Kailash to walk you through our residential portfolio highlights 
and broader financial results. 
Kailash Gupta: 
Thank you, Varun. 
Let me brief on the residential piece: 
In the residential business, our sales and collections momentum sustained in the first nine 
months. Gross booking for the first nine months was around Rs. 412 crores. Revenue 
recognized for the first nine months is only Rs. 273 crores. So, essentially Rs. 180 crores is likely 
to be booked in Q4, subject to registration and other documentation completion. This is 
primarily led by One Bangalore West and Kessaku. Pricing was in excess of around Rs. 29,000  
per square feet, led by the strong demand in the market. This performance reflects continued 
end-user demand for premium, well-located residential development, and the strength of our 
differentiated product offerings, even in the selective market environment. 
On a financial overview: 
At a group level, revenue from operations for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,121 crores, 
representing a 15% year-on-year increase, while EBITDA grew by 19% to Rs. 656 crores. Net 
profit for the quarter was Rs. 276 crores, up by 4% year-on-year basis. Operating cash flow 
after working capital and taxes and interest stood at Rs. 1,508 crores for the nine months, an 
increase of 24% year-on-year basis. Operating cash flow from our core businesses, excluding 
residential, was Rs. 1,333 crores, up by 14% over the same period last year. Capital expenditure 

 
 
Page 6 of 14 
towards construction and ongoing projects during the first nine months amounted to Rs. 722 
crores. 
Moving towards update on CPP Transaction, which we have announced in July 2025, and then 
post that we have received necessary approvals and completed CP conditions. First tranche 
payment has been made for Rs. 1,257 crores in November 2025. With this, PML stake in ISML 
stands at 58.33%, up from 51% earlier. 
Our balance sheet positions remain prudent. Gross debt at 31st December stood at ~Rs. 5,200 
crores, with overall liquidity improving to Rs. 1,858 crores. The net debt as on 31st December 
was Rs. 3,344 crores. Net debt to annualized EBITDA remained at a healthy 1.3x. During the 
period, we also reduced our average cost of debt from 7.68% to 7.62% in December 2025.  
Sustained operating cash flow, a prudent balance sheet and a disciplined capital allocation 
framework provide us the flexibility to continue investing in high-quality assets while 
maintaining a strong credit matrix and balance sheet flexibility. As we move forward, our focus 
remains on disciplined execution and productivity across the portfolio and converting this scale 
we have built into sustained earnings and cash flow growth. 
We can move to the Q&A now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen we will begin with the question and answer session. 
Our first question comes from the line of Puneet from HSBC . Please go ahead. 
Puneet: 
Thank you so much and congratulations on great performance on the retail piece. Can you talk 
a bit about what is happening in Mall of Asia, consumption level numbers off the charts, but 
rents still lagging and it looks like it is much low. You are still at 88% occupancy. How should 
one think about the potential for growth on the rentals for this part of the portfolio? 
Varun Parwal: 
Hi Puneet, thank you so much for your question and yes, I think Mall of Asia's performance has 
been phenomenal. We launched the mall in October 2023 and from there to today it has nearly 
reached the levels that we see in Phoenix Palladium. We have seen several first-time global 
brands that have opened their stores at Phoenix Mall of Asia within our portfolio itself. And I 
will hand the call over to Rashmi now to share some key highlights on the type of brand mix 
that we have seen and the upcoming new retailers that are expected to open up in Phoenix 
Mall of Asia going forward. 
Rashmi Sen: 
So, Mall of Asia has been seeing a great trajectory. It has built up as a destination center really 
fast. I think all factors have contributed to the exponential success of the center that we are 
seeing. Bengaluru as a city has been thriving. It is a great location. When we acquired that land 
parcel, we knew that this is the location where we have to build the Mall of Asia. The 
architecture and interior that we have done for the center, I mean the response that we 

 
 
Page 7 of 14 
received from the city, from the retailers who visit across the globe, they rate it as one of the 
best centers that they are seeing in recent times that has been built up. But above all, I think it 
is always the tenant mix. I think the tenant mix that we have achieved at that center is 
extraordinary. And we keep adding to that extraordinary tenant mix. In the recent times, we 
have opened the flagship store of Apple, Rolex, Onitsuka, several other BTL (Bridge-to-Luxury) 
brands that have opened over the last six months. And not only that, we will continue to see a 
lot of marquee brand openings over the next three to four months as well. And so this center 
continues to be on a great growth trajectory going forward. And we have seen a very positive 
rental growth trend at the center along with consumption. And we will see a lot more of it in 
the coming quarters as well. 
Varun Parwal: 
So, in fact, Puneet just putting some numbers for the benefit of everyone on the call. 
Consumption at Mall of Asia reached Rs. 732 crores for the third quarter. And it is up 112% 
year-on-year. While rental also has grown by 58%. And quarterly rental for this asset reached 
Rs. 62 crores. In fact, occupancy right now is at 88%. And typically, you would see for the rest 
of our portfolio, all new malls are at 95% or thereabout in those trading levels. And even in the 
Phoenix Mall of Asia, in the coming next two quarters, we are going to see occupancy stabilize 
at the 94%-95% level going forward. So, we are hopeful that the consumption performance 
should continue going forward as well. 
Puneet: 
So, if I look at consumption, it is just about 7% lower than Phoenix Palladium. But rental income 
is almost half. Do you think it can trend towards the same as  Phoenix Palladium or do you think 
structurally it will remain lower there? 
Varun Parwal: 
I think structurally, Puneet, you have to look at consumption and rent trajectory converging 
over a three-to-five-year period. So, there are times when we start off with a particular rental 
contract, the fixed rent kicks in immediately. Whereas brands' consumption takes time to scale 
up. In Phoenix Mall of Asia, the rents of course started very strongly in the first year. We were 
nearly at Rs. 160 crores of annual rental last year. And this year also, we are seeing rents 
growing strongly. Now, consumption for many of these brands is scaling up sharply. And we 
will see rents also align with this rising consumption growth in the coming quarters. 
Puneet: 
Secondly, Rashmi, on the broad portfolio, you have clearly outperformed the rest of the market 
on the retail side. All the retailer numbers were quite poor and you guys have done extremely 
well. If you can talk a bit more about it, how much of it has to do with footfall versus value 
growth? 
Rashmi Sen: 
So, that is a good question. So, firstly, a lot of our retail partners tell us that their performance 
in our portfolio is an outlier. Even though at a broad category level for them, the numbers may 
look very different. And if you look at the flagship stores across all the listed retailers we have, 
all of them have shown remarkable double-digit growth. So, that was talking about the listed 
retailers. Secondly, we are seeing that growth has been spread across all categories. So, 

 
 
Page 8 of 14 
whether we talk about the fashion category, gold jewellery category, you talk about 
electronics. Also, I think the other parameter which has added to exponential growth this 
quarter, one is the festive season, of course. You see a sharp growth in numbers in Q3, which 
has the Diwali and Christmas festivities. You see this every year in our portfolio and generally 
in the market. What has further added to the growth is the strong repositioning that we have 
been doing in our centers, whereby we have churned out a lot of low-performing categories. 
For example, some of the malls where we had hypermarkets which were very large, 30,000-
60,000 square feet. And the trend has changed towards shopping at such large hypermarkets. 
And churning them and converting them into high-trading department stores, or converting 
part of that area into high-trading in-line flagship stores. That has impacted the overall trading 
as well. And further, we have had a lot of new marquee brands opening across our portfolio 
this quarter. And some of those individual brands have also done remarkably well adding to 
the growth further. 
Puneet: 
And this is across the portfolio, right?  
Rashmi Sen: 
Across the portfolio. Because if you see our repositioning efforts, we are halfway through the 
asset upgrades at Phoenix Market City Mumbai, and Phoenix Market City Pune, and some of 
the other centers as well. We opened the Gourmet Village here, which is an F&B destination at 
Phoenix Palladium. And this is a very successful concept. While now we are taking this concept 
to other centers, but in some small ways, we have started making F&B changes across all our 
malls and marquee F&B brands coming in. So, we are seeing an impact of that F&B change also 
across all our malls. In terms of marketing strategies and marketing plans, we have really been 
evolving. We have an excellent marketing team, and there are a lot of things we have been 
experimenting with on our marketing side. And we see a huge impact on the consumption side 
on account of the marketing initiatives we have taken. We are constantly focused on increasing 
the consumption of our brands, and all activities and activations we do are in that direction. 
And so, you know, the inputs and our strategies are resulting in those outcomes. 
Puneet: 
Understood. That is very helpful. And secondly, Varun, if you can talk about where are we in 
terms of launching Kolkata Residential, and what is the plan for Thane now? 
Varun Parwal: 
So, Puneet, on Thane, we have planned a retail-led mixed-use development. We acquired this 
land parcel back towards the end of 2023, in November 2023. And from then to now, we have 
planned, I would call it a fabulous mixed-use district here with a destination retail mall with an 
area of approximately 1.3 to 1.5 million square feet in terms of leasable area. Office Tower -   
a Grade A office tower for the growing district of Thane and the huge commercial demand that 
we are seeing emerging there. And, you know, luxury event centric hotel. 
Puneet: 
How big is the office? 

 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Varun Parwal: 
Offices right now, Puneet, they are between 0.5 million square feet to 1 million square feet. 
The overall FSI potential for Thane is in excess of 4 million square feet. So, we are optimizing 
what we can add and what we can maximize in terms of the FSI consumption here in Thane 
without compromising on the experience that each user will experience when they come to 
this mixed-use platform. 
Puneet: 
Okay. 
Varun Parwal: 
If I just add on Thane, Puneet, we are right now in the final stages of obtaining, securing our 
approvals. We are awaiting the environmental clearance and we at the moment have 
commenced demolition activities of the old existing structures on the Thane site. And in the 
next two or three months, we also expect to commence excavation and the subsequent 
construction activities. Tenders are already out for excavation and we are also, you know, very 
soon going to be launching the tenders for the civil contract for constructing the entire 
development at one go. 
Puneet: 
And Kolkata, when should you expect the launch? 
Varun Parwal: 
Kolkata residential, I think we are in the final stages of approvals as well as design fine-tuning. 
I think in the coming two quarters we will come back and update you on the launch timeline of 
Kolkata. 
Puneet: 
Okay. That is very helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pritesh from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh: 
Yes. Just thank you for the opportunity. So, just carrying forward the previous conversation on 
lagging consumption and revenue that we are seeing in most of the assets. And in fact, if I look 
at the rent to consumption ratio, it is 11% this quarter, which was, I think, this is the lowest 
since we have seen in 2014. So, if you can explain to me what is happening here, you talked 
about, you know, eventually it converges. But does everything get converged? Because I 
understand, jewellery brands, everyone might not be at MG plus variable. So, you can correct 
me if I am wrong. So, just some insights and thoughts on that. 
Varun Parwal: 
Sure, Pritesh. Varun this side. Let me take this question. One, Pritesh, I think the consumption 
growth during the quarter was very strong. And like Rashmi mentioned in her comments, all 
categories contributed to the strong consumption growth, including fashion, where we 
combine a number of categories and it accounts for 50% of our consumption area. We, in fact, 
saw strong 16% growth in consumption (in fashion). And if I especially exclude the high trading 
density categories like gold jewellery and electronics, the underlying growth is in very high 
double digits. And this is, in fact, the strongest growth that we have seen per se in the portfolio 
over the last five years. Rents per se at times are a lagging factor. We see rent growth 

 
 
Page 10 of 14 
happening when we enter into new contracts and the retailers start paying the fixed rent from 
day one while their consumption scales up. Over the last two years, we have had very strong 
growth. And as we had indicated also earlier during this year, rent growth has sequentially 
improved as we have opened up new stores and brands have crossed the revenue threshold 
and started contributing to revenue share. I think in between from quarter-to-quarter and 
especially quarter 3 if you see, quarter 3 is a quarter with more emphasis on high trading 
density categories such as gold jewellery, etc. And consumption versus rent in quarter 3 per se 
historically has also seen a bit of a divergence. But when you annualize it, consumption and 
rental growth is actually very near to each other over a three-year period. 
Pritesh: 
Sure. Got it. Fair enough. And second on this trading occupancy ramp-up at MarketCity Pune 
and Bangalore, by when do you think we should be back at 95% considering these are already 
well leased out? So, a quarter or from here, couple of quarters, you know, some timelines if 
you want to attach to that. 
Varun Parwal: 
Absolutely, Pritesh. I think we are on track to cross 90% trading occupancy in both Bangalore 
and Pune by March 2026 in line with our original timelines. And we have a lineup of some great 
first-time brands that are entering the city such as IKEA, Uniqlo, etc that are opening their first 
stores in the city of Pune and Bangalore will also have a similar trajectory. I think you should 
expect to see the 95% level by the middle of FY27. In fact, 10% of overall area is already under 
fit-out at this point in time. So, in a staggered way, we will see the launches happening in the 
next three to six months. 
Pritesh: 
Sure. That is helpful. I have couple of more, but I will jump back in queue and take it later. 
Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Our next question comes from the line of Murtuza Arsiwalla from Kotek 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Hi, Varun. Just to delve deeper into this lead lag between the consumption growth and the 
rental growth. Can we attribute it to the mix that kind of changes plus the fact that you could 
have some malls in a ramp-up phase and therefore the minimum guarantee so we do not see 
a good correlation between consumption growth and rental growth And just to understand 
that better, let us say you have a certain amount of consumption growth on a quarterly basis. 
Is it that a strong consumption growth on a mature mall would reflect in better rentals in a 
subsequent quarter? Like, is there a one-quarter reset or it is a straightforward percentage of 
consumption so it is almost instant set of repricing? So, that is the first question I just want to 
understand because it has obviously been coming up a couple of times in terms of consumption 
growth ahead of rental growth and vice versa. So, I just want to understand that and then I 
have another one on the commercial piece. 

 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Varun Parwal: 
Right. So, I think, thank you, Murtuza, for that. And I will just take a step back to also address 
this question as well and bring out one of the points that Rashmi spoke about earlier in her 
opening remarks, but probably we need to dive a bit more deeper on that aspect. I think, first 
of all, strong consumption growth is very important in terms of getting the right set of brands 
to come to the mall. Both in the midst of both the experience factors that we drive through our 
marketing events and our fine dining destinations that we open up, as well as the 
entertainment centers that drive this sticky footfall, as well as in terms of the high trading 
density categories and the new upcoming fashion categories that one opens up at the mall. 
Now, strong consumption growth gives a great platform for our leasing teams to attract the 
right set of new brands to take space in the mall at better rentals or improved revenue share 
percentages. And across our mall portfolio today, we have in the next three years, over 50% of 
the area is going to be up for renewals and repricing. That provides a great opportunity for us 
to reorient some of the low trading density stores, as well as renegotiate on rentals, as well as 
the revenue share that we are driving, and also add new experiences to the mall. So, this 
repositioning exercise is a continuous exercise. High consumption growth actually facilitates 
this conversation that our leasing teams do across malls. Does that address your question to 
some extent? 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
To an extent, but I want to understand. Let us assume, let us say, let us take one store, for 
instance, and it is doing Rs. 100 of consumption and you are taking a Rs. 15 rental. Let’s say in 
the next month, the consumption moves to 200. Does that simply imply that the rental would 
move to 30 from 15? Is that repricing instant or there is a lead lag to that repricing? 
Varun Parwal: 
Okay. Suppose our consumption is 100, typically, and a mall that has just started off, you see 
rentals being at about Rs. 11 or Rs. 12. Now, as consumption grows from say 100 to 200, and 
we typically expect consumption to double in our malls over a period of four to five years, this 
rental that we are seeing would naturally grow from 11 to 12. It grows to about 22 to 24. And 
with tweaks in the revenue share, with higher revenue share, etc, coming in, we are able to 
drive this towards Rs. 27, Rs. 28. So, the revenue share increases from an initial 11% to 12%. It 
goes up to 14% to 15% as we tweak and fine tune the brand mix. And the commercial 
agreement, the economic agreement that we have with those particular brands. Historically, if 
you see FY13 to today, we have seen consumption growing at a 14% CAGR and our rentals 
keeping pace with that consumption growth over the last 12.5 years. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Okay. Also, a second question on the office assets. You have talked about the new assets doing 
41%, but you have excluded out two towers in Pune, about a million square feet, which got 
their OC in December. Any sense on what is the pre-leasing for those towers currently? 
Varun Parwal: 
I think we, in fact, have a very strong pipeline for those towers as well, Murtuza. And, you know, 
we have a significant pipeline, which is in final closing stages, where we have agreed on the 
commercials and the documents are being negotiated and executed. Give us a quarter more 
and we will come back to you with very strong leasing updates for the overall portfolio. 

 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Sure. All right. Thanks so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gaurav Khandelwal from J.P. Morgan. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Khandelwal: 
Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I have got a couple of those. My first question 
is, how much of the consumption strength in this quarter was due to GST cuts? And could you 
also give us some color on how are consumption trends different for the listed and unlisted 
players, which operate in your mall assets? 
Varun Parwal: 
Thank you, Gaurav. Those are very interesting questions. I think on the GST cut, we have 
evaluated our brand portfolio. And the impact that we have is, I would say, it is a sentimentally 
positive impact. But otherwise, it is not that material a needle mover in our perspective. It has, 
I think, the prices of goods, especially when you look at clothing, etc, the impact is on a 3% to 
4% level. And that really, you know, is not moving the needle much, per se. To your other 
question, I think, you know, it is better to compare, say, listed retailer performance to what 
they are reporting at their portfolio level. And when we have a number of large listed players 
with their flagship marquee stores across our portfolio, and we believe that the performance 
that they are seeing in our stores versus the overall portfolio performance that they are 
reporting, our stores have been demonstrating very strong sustained growth over a period of 
the last several quarters within the brand mix. 
Gaurav Khandelwal: 
Got it. Thank you. And just a housekeeping question. Your tax rate in the last two quarters have 
increased to almost 12%, which is much higher than that for the preceding eight to twelve 
quarters. How should I think about the ongoing tax rate from here for next quarter and next 
year? Does it normalize closer to 25% levels? 
Kailash Gupta: 
So, Kailash here, you know, I do not think this is the right way to compare the tax rates in every 
quarter because there would be some adjustment items which keep happening in every 
quarter. So, you should always look at the nine months or YTD numbers, which will give you 
better color to the tax numbers. If you see the YTD nine months for current year, it is around 
23.7% on a blended basis. Now, this year, somehow the two components, which is the hotel, 
which was actually having a huge accumulated losses earlier, has been completely exhausted. 
So, now that has come into a full tax regime, which is 25%. And even the residential business, 
which comes to a full tax regime. Otherwise, all the rental which we recover from either 
commercial assets or the retail is normally having a tax in the range of around 18% to 19%. So, 
my suggestion would be that for the modeling purpose, I think 22% to 23% range will sustain 
in future. 25% could be in one of the quarter, but that is not something which will happen for 
the entire year. 
Gaurav Khandelwal: 
Got it. Thank you very much. Those were all my questions. 

 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Girish Chaudhary from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead. 
Girish Chaudhary: 
Hi, good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, I have a question on the, like you 
mentioned on the repositioning exercise for malls like Bangalore, Pune and Chennai, right, 
where there is a convergence which is expected in the next three to six months. What I wanted 
to specifically understand is what is the repricing you have been able to achieve versus the 
earlier brands in the same spaces? 
Varun Parwal: 
Sure, Girish. So, in fact, let me say in Phoenix MarketCity Bangalore, for example, we have 
repriced almost 35% of the overall leasable area of the mall. And if I just compare the increase 
in the fixed rent compared to the total rent that we were seeing previously, we expect to see 
a 35% to 40% increase in the area that we have optimized in Phoenix MarketCity Bangalore. 
Similarly, in (Phoenix MarketCity) Pune as well, we have optimized and refreshed almost 40% 
of the area. And there, the overall impact that we are seeing is about a 25%. 
Girish Chaudhary: 
Great. So, this, as in when the trading occupancy increases, right? Which is when we will start 
seeing the reflection of the repricing in our numbers? 
Varun Parwal: 
Yes. So, in fact, Girish, trading occupancy started going back up in quarter 3 of this year. We 
had hit a low of 80% trading occupancy during quarter 1. And now Phoenix MarketCity 
Bangalore and Pune are back to about 85%-86% trading occupancy level. This should now 
naturally increase to about 90% by March 2026. And then in June, July of 2026, we should be 
back at about 94%-95% level. 
Girish Chaudhary: 
So, for the incremental 
Varun Parwal: 
Yes. I was just completing the point that from, you know, already we are starting to see a 
significant improvement in the trading density. So, Phoenix MarketCity Bangalore has reported 
a 30% growth in the trading density for Quarter 3 and Phoenix MarketCity Pune and Chennai 
have seen a 20% and an 18% growth in the trading density. 
Girish Chaudhary: 
Got it. Sir, what I was also as a follow-up asking is that for the incremental 10% which is still 
there, right, convergence from leased and the trading occupancy moving up. So, this 35%, for 
example, for a mall in Bangalore, you will start seeing those reflecting in the numbers? 
Varun Parwal: 
Yes. I think you will see the full impact of it in the numbers during FY27. 
Girish Chaudhary: 
Got it. Great. And the second question is that you also mentioned about a 50% renewal 
opportunity available in the next three years, right? So, there, what is the repricing or MTM 
opportunity available? 

 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Varun Parwal: 
Girish, historically, we have seen anywhere between a 20% and a 30% improvement. But that 
is driven not just by repricing of the existing brands, but also in terms of how we have optimized 
the area given to existing brands and new brands, as well as the economics that we have been 
able to negotiate with the incoming brands. So, this is what we have done historically. And as 
we go ahead and renew the area going forward, we will keep you posted on how the rents are 
moving. 
Girish Chaudhary: 
So, this 50%, which is, let us say, annualized 16%, 17% per year, is over and above the normal 
renewal rates, I mean, norms? 
Varun Parwal: 
No. So, this 50%, I would say, Girish, is the contractual expiries that are coming up. Over and 
above this, we may, from time to time, do targeted churns and optimizations in consultation 
with our brand partners. And that is in addition to what is available to us contractually. 
Girish Chaudhary: 
Got it. Thank you, Varun, and all the very best. 
Varun Parwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, that was the last question. I 
would like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. Thank 
you, and over to you team. 
Varun Parwal: 
Thank you so much, everyone, for joining us on today's conference call. We look forward to 
seeing you next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of The Phoenix Mills Limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no  
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
