 
 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 05th February, 2026 
The Listing and Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
Script Code: SM – INFOBEAN 
The Manager, 
Listing Dept. 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai‐400001 
MH‐ IN 
Scrip Code: 543644  
 
Subject: Transcripts of the earnings call conducted held on 23rd January, 2026 at 09:00 A.M. (IST)  
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the earnings call conducted held on 23rd January, 2026 for 
your information and records. 
 
This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website, at 
https://infobeans.ai/investors/  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully 
For InfoBeans Technologies Ltd 
 
 
 
Surbhi Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Surbhi Jain
Digitally signed by 
Surbhi Jain 
Date: 2026.02.05 
17:44:44 +05'30'

 
 
InfoBeans Technologies Limited 
Dec 31, 2025, Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
Management  
Avinash Sethi, Co-founder 
Siddharth Sethi, Co-founder 
Mitesh Bohra, Co-founder 
Krunal Sanghvi, Associate Director-Finance 
Surbhi Jain, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Surbhi 
Good morning Ladies and gentlemen, welcome everyone and thanks for joining this Q3 FY26 
earnings call for InfoBeans Technologies Limited. The results are available on the stock 
exchange. In case anyone does not have a copy of the same, please do write to us. We'll be 
happy to send it over to you. To take us through the results of this quarter, we have with us three 
co-founders, Mr. Avinash Sethi, Mr. Siddharth Sethi and Mr. Mitesh Bohra. We will be starting the 
call with a brief overview of the company's performance and then we will allow the Q&A session. 
Kindly ask your question by raising your hand and the brief overview by Avinash is over and 
then we will address all the questions one by one. I would like to remind you all that everything 
said on this call that reflects any outlook for the future can be considered as a forward-looking 
statement and must be used in conjunction with the uncertainty and the risks that we face. 
These uncertainties and risks are included but not limited to what we have mentioned in the 
prospectus file with the SEBI and the subsequent annual report. With the said note, I turn over 
the call to Mr. Avinash Sethi. 
Over to you Avinash 
Avinash 
Thank you Surbhi and thank you everybody for joining this call so early. Thank you for being a 
part of InfoBeans  Q3 earnings call. This is a quick summary of InfoBeans for those of you who 

are attending the call for the first time. InfoBeans is now a 1600 people strong company with 
over 26 years of journey. We are targeting mostly markets from Germany, Middle East, Europe 
and the U.S. and we have offices in India which are mostly global centres, Indore, Pune, Chennai 
and Bengaluru. Next Please, 
This is a quick roadmap on how we started it, how the revenue hit the four crores to 43 crores 
and then we became a public company in 2017. Acquired one company in the US in the year 
2019. Acquired another company in Pune in 2021, reached a turnover of 400 crores in 2023 in a 
span of 8 years. And then, you know, achieved CMMI Level 5 in 2025, onboarded Phaneesh 
Murthy as an advisor to the board and also hire couple of senior folks, industry leaders like 
Harmeet Bhatia as CRO and then Opal Perry joined us as Independent Director, she is the CTO 
of Easyjet in UK 
InfoBeans at a glance, quick numbers on the top line. One of the USP of InfoBeans, that we 
have large enterprise clients. And I think that we have a repeat business with them, as well as a 
very strong relationship with companies which give a strength to the business. We did two 
successful acquisitions and two buybacks. And we have a long relationship with our team 
members, a good number of people have been with us for since past 5+ years. 
Nine months' financials on a middle row, as you see. We have 392 crores of revenue, EBITDA has 
touched 104 crore, PAT 65 crore, and 319 crores of cash and cash equivalent that includes 
account receivables, which is mostly good, of about 108 crores. And we have a revenue CAGR of 
24% since 2021. Some of the relationships and partnerships that we have from Salesforce,  
Servicenow, Microsoft recent awards that we are very proud of, which is Avatar, which is one of 
the best companies to work for. We've been getting it for many years now. It's one of the best 
companies to work for Women. 
The focus on some of these offerings, which allow us to serve large enterprise clients, AI led 
engineering, Salesforce, Servicenow and we are also now focusing on two verticals. 
Let's see. 
So the founders, the three of us are here, and I will be talking about the Independent Directors, 
Opal Perry, as I talked about, Mayuri she's a VP of marketing at LT Foods America and then 
Sumer Bahadur Singh, he's a president of the Boarding School Association. 
Very important, you know, cheerleaders for us, very important evangelists for us. Harmeet 
Bhatia, Ram Laxmi, Geetanjanli, Manish and Tarulata these are the spearhead in terms of 
meeting our customer demands. This is a very strong delivery team that we have Amit, Denise, 
Kannan, Kanupriya and Arpit, they have been with us for so many years. 
Some of the clients, most of the clients, we can't name because of NDA’s, but some of the 
long-standing clients, we have ALM, IQVIA, Co-advantage and and few of them are fortune 500 
companies 

We look at the bottom, the average age of our customers is over nine years. And 91% of these 
clients choose to renew, so this is our strength that we have in our relationship. 
Coming on to the snapshot of October to December quarter, December 25 to December 24, it 
was a significant jump in revenue of 38 percent, EBITDA shoot up by 89 and PAT by 173 percent. 
And quarter on quarter we still had good growth in terms of revenue, 6 percent growth. EBITDA 
dropped by 6 percent and PAT by 15 percent. I will tell you the reason on the next slide. In USD 
terms revenue grew by 30 % yoy. Good momentum overall. Here we look at the expenses side, 
we have increased the expenses, you know publicly I mentioned in the last quarter as well. We 
had appraisals sitting in October, so that impact is showing a plus, you know if you notice we 
hired net addition in the company was more than 77 people in the last quarter, which also added 
to the cost. Then we are investing in sales continuously and in the AI efforts. So all of these costs 
I would say investment that we are making. So therefore, that cost is taken care of. Ensure that 
we build that number further. Same numbers in a little bit more detail. 
One important point that I keep mentioning in calls you know when steady state margins are 24 
percent in the EBITDA level. And if you look at the two numbers in December 24, which is 18 
percent and September 25, which is 29 percent. Both are outliers and both are not sustainable. 
Our target is always about 24 percent of EBITDA. 
So the PAT margin as well the variation is pulpable; these are outliers. 
Krunal - Audience are saying that you are not audible clearly. 
Avinash 
Okay. Is it better? Do we have any feedback? So can anyone confirm? Can you hear us 
properly? 
Avinash 
Please anyone help us by writing your confirmation in the QnA box. Is the audio audible? Is the 
sound audible? 
Krunal 
Yes, yes. Okay, thank you. 
Avinash 
Next please. So, I will just repeat it again. So, on the revenue side, there is an increase on 
quarter to quarter basis and on the expense side, if you look at, there is an increase primarily 
because of increase in cost of employees because of appraisals, which was due in October and 
then we had an addition of 77 new members in the company, which also added to the cost. Then 
we are continuing to invest in AI efforts and we are continuing to invest in the sales teams as 
well across the two markets. So, that is where there is an increase in the expenditure, which is 

totally aligned with the objective of the company of continuing to maintain the growth and the 
momentum. So, therefore, you know, we don't really bother about it. 
When you look at the EBITDA margin, I keep telling you in all my calls previously as well, 24% is 
the steady state margin that we aim at, this is what we focus. So when you look at the other two 
quarters listed here, December 24 and September 25, the numbers are outliers in that sense, 
because this is not what we target. So I mentioned in the October call for the September 
quarter that this 29% is unsustainable, and we will probably go back to 24%, which is, you know, 
reasonable. 
Same goes with the PAT margin, which is unsustainable, 17% is openly outliers 
So, you know, I think both of these numbers are things that are coincidence for some quarters. 
Okay. Yeah, so one, you know, big announcement from InfoBeans is that to reward its 
shareholders. You know, we've been in the market for almost nine years now, and we also 
wanted to allow new shareholders to participate. 
Therefore, bonus equity issues are injected by way of performance as well. Bonus ratio is 3 to 1. 
So every share that you hold, you will get three InfoBeans shares for each. And so these are the 
technicalities of how the capitalization of the Securities Premium Account and Retained 
Earnings will be done and how the number equity shares will increase. Next Please 
  
Talk of the town right now impact of new labour code on all the IT Companies where biggest 
expenses in terms of employee cost. Thankfully, you know, our basic was already 50%. So, when 
we did a lot of analysis and calculations and consulted our experts in the industry, we realized 
that there is no material impact in the company due to this new labour code. Our gratuity 
liability, leave encashment might stay un-affected our pay structure also needs to be revised to 
ensure compliance of new labour code. So, we already had that 50% as a basic pay. 
We will ask Mitesh to talk about the impact of AI. 
Mitesh 
Hello everyone, good morning. Thank you for joining. One of the biggest things that we look at, 
is how the market is evolving and how the trends are changing. Everybody probably already is 
realizing the impact AI is making in all industries everywhere across the board. We have 
remained at the forefront of a lot of innovation and expertise development with respect to AI. 
One of the key changes that we made in the organization in the past few months is actually 
have one of the founders take a deeper dive into AI and essentially look at how market is 
buying. A lot of customers these days look for ready-to-go accelerators, ready-to-go products 
that can actually fulfill quite a bit of need that they may have. 

Yes, there is a lot of things we still need in terms of implementation. But, to go in and build 
everything from the scratch, those are 20 years ago type of market strategies. 
So we are investing very heavily in terms of building accelerators. Last week, we launched what 
we call Insane SDV, it's a spec-driven development accelerator, essentially inspired from Tesla's 
Insane mode, if any of you have experienced Tesla's Insane mode drive, it goes from 0 to 60 in 
about 1.9 seconds. That's the kind of inspiration that we have taken and essentially enabling our 
customers to now achieve that kind of development with roughly 50% gain in speed, 50% 
reduction in defects and overall savings of dev days, what we call developer days, of up to 50%. 
The idea, again, is how can we take an emerging industry benchmark like spec-driven 
development, apply AI at the right time and the right mechanisms, and create an accelerator 
that can really add value to our customers. 
So that's something that we have launched. Next week, you will see unveiling of Expona 2.0, 
which will enable anybody out there in the world to deploy Expona in their own environment. 
BeanTrail has been an existing product of ours on the Salesforce side with roughly 40,000 
licenses that are already sold. We have enhanced BeanTrail with the AI agent and pending 
Salesforce approval, it will be deployed on Salesforce's agent exchange. 
Essentially, taking everything that we have and either making them AI-enabled or actually 
taking AI-first initiatives. So that's the kind of thing that we are doing. There are many other 
things in the pipeline and with time to come, we will definitely getting all of this. 
Avinash 
Next. A quick revenue breakup by geography, which means 50 percent, 55 percent market share 
of US geography 33 percent from the European market, 7 percent from the Middle East, and 5 
percent from India and other 
From a business point of view, I think this is pretty irrelevant by the way, because InfoBeans 
Cloudtech is already in the process of merging with InfoBeans. So, it is not a big question of the 
total revenue of ICL 
Next slide. So, the awards that we received, Employee Engagement Excellence Award, An 
Exemplar of Inclusion awarded by Avatar 
Next please. So, the events that we attended, you know, Dreamforce, particularly the AI event, 
then another event in Dubai, Dreamin by Salesforce Next. 
In order to reach more from a company engagement point of view, we started with a podcast, 
and Siddharth is about hosting a podcast for us. I was one of the first guests on this podcast, so 
I encourage you to check out the website. This is typically how the journey started. From our 
college days, to working days, to how we got the idea of business, and so on and on. 

The second podcast happened with the client, which is Mike Fields, President of Via Tech. It's 
been a long time since the podcast, so I know the discussion is there. 
One of the interesting feedback of this story that we're getting is that people are really getting a 
full view of how this company started, what kind of philosophies that people have, what kind of 
inspirations that people have, and how people are willing to bring this into the system. This is a 
great thing. The friendship we had, it was more than that. 
Some of the activities that we do to empower the society, this is primarily for students or to 
encourage software coding or programming. We partner at Coding Hackathon at MU20 
Opportunity Summit that happens every year. 
InfoBeans foundation, which is our passion project where we help underprivileged people for 
software engineering. 
We have this policy where we plant trees on Birthday’s of every team member. We planted 372 
trees this quarter. Quick market data as of 31st of December, the market price was 821, market 
cap was 1,900 crore rupees. That was a great ofcourse. 
Thank you so much. Any questions that you have, you can always reach here and if it is not 
answered or we can be reached in person, please email us. Thank you everyone. 
Krunal 
Thankyou everyone, you can unmute yourself and ask your question when it is your turn. We 
further request you to limit yourself to one question at a time. You may rejoin the queue for the 
follow-up questions and we'll be happy to answer if the time permits. So we'll begin the session 
now. 
First question is coming from the line of Mr. Mehul, Mehul, please unmute yourself and ask your 
question. 
Mehul 
Yeah, good morning everyone. Yeah, first of all, a small feedback. I think the first speaker was 
not in the room and he was online I think and we were hardly able to hear him whosoever in the 
video con, I'm able to hear the gentleman in the room, but I was not able to hear a single word 
at all. And I was because you're disabled the chat. I was sending messages to the Q&A. You can 
see all the messages from 9:02 onwards. 
Avinash 
Sorry, all the speakers are being called today are in this room right now. 
Mehul 

So, okay. So the first speaker was Mr. Sethi, right? Yeah, your voice was very feeble. I thought 
you were not in the room. Okay. I was able to hear Mitesh very well. I was able to hear the 
person in the beard, you know, the person who just announced the question, but I was not able 
to hear you. 
I don't know if anybody else heard you very well. I was able to hear Mitesh as well, 
unfortunately. Anyway, I will go ahead with my question. Oh, sorry about that. Yeah, so I think I 
would request you that next time when you have the call, you can keep the chat enabled and 
see if somebody is facing a problem. Because I don't know if anybody else heard the discussion. 
Ok, sorry for the long one. So my question is that the IT services industry is facing quite a bit of 
challenges when we look at the big IT services companies like TCS, Wipro, Infosys. So while we 
are churning out very good numbers from the last two quarters, I've been joining your calls as 
well and tracking your results as well, quarterly numbers. So what are we doing differently? I 
mean, I know that we are a small company. So obviously, the small companies can be agile and 
they can grow faster than the elephants in the room, TCS, and Wipro, and Infosys. But what are 
we doing so different that we are able to grow at this pace? 
Avinash 
You know, Mehul it’s probably just the coincident I would say. No one really says why we are not. 
Mehul 
Sorry, sorry, but you know, your voice is very, very feeble. I don't know what it is. What is the 
challenge? 
Avinash 
Can you hear me now? Yeah, it is better, much better. 
Mehul 
Yeah, thank you. 
Avinash 
So Mehul, I don't think we have this magic wand which is not available in the world. It's just a 
matter of timing. Just last year, 12 months ago, we were struggling with growth. So it means, 
you know, you continue to make efforts. And at a certain point in time, you start to align and 
things, you know, go well. I'm not discounting the effort that we are doing and others are not 
doing, in my mind, TCS at that size is doing good, similarly Infosys is doing very good, Persistent 
is playing magic, right? So, but what I'm trying to say is everybody's trying to figure out how to 
be the best in the market, micro factors, and everybody is also engaging with their customer 
base to try to solve their problems and ensure that they also succeed. Now, it is a matter of 
timing that some things play out well and some things don't play out well. So, I won't say that we 
did something crazy because, you know, we could have done that a year ago or two years ago 

as well. So, what I'm trying to say is we continue to make efforts and there's a long gestation 
period of that outcome and that is what it is showing right now. 
Whatever we tried to do two years ago or, you know, 18 months ago, are now starting to show 
the colours. So, that is what it is. I don't think there's a magic wand that what we're doing best is 
what we're doing and others are not doing it. So, everybody's making efforts, sometimes it 
works, sometimes it doesn't work. So, sorry to not give you any magic formula. It's none. 
No, no. So, why I'm saying so because if you compare the quarterly numbers of the giants like 
TCS Wipro, they are not growing at this pace. You know, they are hardly the growth on revenue 
and profits is very, very meager compared to what a small company like your, I mean, 
InfoBeans is doing. 
Avinash 
So, I mean… It is unfair to expect that kind of growth at that size. 
Mehul 
No, no. I'm not expecting same 
Siddharth 
Let me try and answer. I think Mehul, part of the. Can you hear me well? 
Mehul 
Yeah, I can hear you very well, yeah. Thank you. Thank you. 
Siddharth 
So first of all, thank you for your question. Thank you for comparing us with giants like TCS and 
Infosys. I think part of the answer lies in your question itself, and part of it is agility. We tend to 
show up more often. We have more hunger. I think larger companies, again, not trying to 
compare us with them. They're excellent organizations. They have their own pace, and we have 
our own pace. Three founders are sitting here, and the investors call. We could have done it with 
one or none at all. So I think that hunger is there to grow, and hopefully, as Avinash also said, 
things will match up. 
Our luck will also align, and our efforts in that direction, combined with the luck and combined 
with what our clients think of ourselves, of us, I think that is all of these three factors will 
combine, and probably we'll continue to grow the way we are growing. The effort is always 
going to be there. That is 100% sure, and that is exemplified by our presence in this, Investor’s 
talk. 
Mehul 

Yeah, so just to- Next question, 
Siddharth 
Please, Mehul. I think we've spent enough time on this, but we'll definitely come back to you. 
Sure, sure. 
Avinash 
We can have a separate call. We can set up a meeting. Yeah. Next question. Thank you so much, 
Mehul. Thanks, Mehul. 
Krunal 
Next question is from Mr. Sumukh, Sumukh, please unmute yourself and ask your question. 
Sumukh 
Hey, Am I audible? Yeah. Yes, sir. So my question is, sir, post your partnership, your German 
partnership in FY 25, your revenue share from Europe has gone up from 16% to close to 33% now. 
So what part of this change in mix is attributable to that partnership? And also, can you share 
your revenue mix in terms of your top one or top five clients, just to know the client 
concentration. 
Siddharth 
Thank you. Thank you for your question. We do not attribute the revenue share to a particular 
partnership, especially in this case. It is a very strong partnership. That is all that I can say. It 
has been going on now for two and a half years, if I'm correct. Two, two and a half years. And 
it's a very, very strong partnership. And we're very proud of that partnership. Just to put it in 
terms of numbers, we'll probably not do justification to the kind of work that we are doing 
together in a very important market like Germany. That is, I think, the first question, what was 
the second question, I forgot. The breakdown of top five clients. 
Avinash 
So we'll offer that in the annual thing. So the March quarter, we'll come back with more. So yeah, 
but usually our top 10 customers will give us about 70 plus percent revenue. 
 Sumukh 
Sorry, I didn't get that number. Can you please come again? 
Aviansh 
We’ll share that number next time 
Krunal 

Next question is from Mr. Varun, Varun, please unmute yourself and proceed with your question. 
Varun 
Hi, good morning, sir. Is my voice audible? Yeah. Sir, I, congratulations on a good set of 
numbers. And to be honest, the most encouraging part has been your top line growth above that 
hundred crore mark since the last few quarters and it continues to grow. That's very 
encouraging and congratulations on that. Sir, my question is on the US business, looks like. 
Looks like there has been slight slowdown in this quarter compared to the previous quarter. This 
quarter looks like the company has a revenue of 34 crores versus 39 crores in the previous 
quarter. I arrived at that number by, you know, minusing the consolidated and the standalone 
numbers. So sir, any specific reason for the slowdown in the overseas business or what can we 
attribute this slowdown to? 
Avinash 
So, Varun, that's not the exact position that I would say. Yes, there is a, so because the 
standalone is only Indian business and then we, first of all, it's consisting of US, Germany and 
Middle East and Cloudtech as well so four subsidiaries that are involved in the consolidated 
business. So, you will not be able to get from US companies. But, point taken that yes, US 
companies are still not growing as fast as the German revenue. So, we are, if you look at the 
kind of efforts that we are making, investing in the Sales, particularly in the US geography, 
Harmeet Bhatia is from bay area, you know, we have at least six more people joined the sales 
team and in the American region itself. 
So, we have been investing more often here now in that geography to ensure that we rebuild the 
momentum that we lost because of, you know, all the, you know, all the situation in the region. 
So, yes, that's an investment that's going on. Okay. Yeah. 
Krunal 
So, thank you, Varun. Next question is from Srinivasu. Srinivasu, please unmute yourself and ask 
your question. 
Srinivasu 
Hello, sir. Am I audible? Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. And again, I also have a similar 
feedback. The first 20 minutes, I'm not able to hear anything. So, please bear with me if I'm 
asking some basic questions because I couldn't get anything. I also request organizers to 
ensure that quality of the audio is good before starting this meeting. My question is about the 
accelerators that you talked about. Is this Expona 2.0, how is it different from the previous 
version? Is it, are you enhancing it for workflows or orchestration? Or how, I mean, how are you 
going to monetize this? 
Mitesh 

Sure, thank you so much for your question. Expona 1 that we launched about four months ago 
was essentially to look at the scientific improvements that have been happening in the AI world 
and the main intent, which remains the same, is to figure out ways in which hallucinations from 
the LLM world can be reduced. The noise that comes from broader web servers that can be 
reduced. People, when they are looking for very specific information that comes from the 
content, should come from the market. And we deployed the traditional RAC technology and we 
have talked about that before. What we have now implemented in Expona 2.0 is the Graph RAC 
technology. This is a combination of knowledge graph and traditional graph. And we have 
enhanced it with live RAC. The idea here is, can we look at any set of content? And this would be 
public content or private content in the enterprise world, depending on where Expona is 
deployed. Can we look at it and enhance the outcomes, the questions that get answered by 
Expona? Can we look at it from the perspective of very precise and very accurate answers? So, 
accuracy improvement has been a major goal on the scientific side of AI. One big piece that we 
are trying to achieve in Expona 2.0 is now take this and apply it to anybody who has a public 
content and deploy it in a matter of minutes. So, that's something that's coming. The intent is to 
have public content. It can be rapidly deployed without worrying about the aspects of you know, 
whether this goes on a public cloud or a private cloud. But at the same time, the real goal is 
Expona for enterprises. Can we take Expona and assist enterprises within their work? They can 
have a structured content, make it a non-structured content. All of this could produce great 
amount of hallucination also. Deploying scientific aspects of AI can be, make it very streamlined 
and uniform for them and improve the performance. So those are some of the big improvements 
that we are bringing in Expona. I hope that answers your question. 
Srinivasu 
Yeah, thanks for answering that. So among the clients, the largest clients that you have, 
Salesforce, ServiceNow, Microsoft, which ecosystem today offers the best leverage for your AI 
accelerators, be it Expona or Beantrail or SDD? 
Mitesh 
Let me repeat the question. Microsoft, Salesforce, ServiceNow are not our customers. 
Yeah, I'm asking basically among the three accelerators that you have right now, which 
ecosystem today offers the best leverage? Is it Salesforce or ServiceNow or Microsoft? 
Mitesh 
See, our business is fairly evenly distributed. Some more, some less. The idea is the markets that 
we operate in, the ecosystems that we operate in, we want to ensure that there is a strong AI 
presence in each one of them. And that's really what we are trying to achieve with these three 
different accelerators. There is more in the pipeline for ServiceNow as well. And we want to 
ensure that you have a very strong footing in each of the areas that we offer. 
 

Krunal 
Thanks. Thank you, Srinivasu. Next question is from Mr. Ankit Kumar. Ankit, please unmute 
yourself and ask your question. 
Ankit 
Sir, am I audible? Yes. I wanted to ask on this QoQ growth, do you think it will continue in the 
coming quarters also? And on employee side, we have taken around 10% hike in October, I 
believe. So what should our employee, as in our employee cost expense should stay at similar 
levels going into the coming quarters? Thank you. 
Avinash 
Thank you, Ankit, for the question. The employee cost will continue to increase if we continue to 
hire. That's first. Obviously, it will continue to increase as much as we can. On the revenue 
growth, yes, the momentum is good. So it will continue to increase. So I think the right path is, 
as I can see. But the employee cost is a factor of people addition. And since the appraisal 
happened from October, that same employee cost will stay for the entire year until the next 
appraisal cycle. So quarter on quarter that if the next level of starting point here is at the base 
level, it will change. Ok, next question. 
Krunal 
Varun, please proceed with your follow-up question. 
Varun 
Sir, just due to some audio issues, I couldn't hear to Avinash sir's full comment on the overseas 
business a bit. Sorry for the repeat question, if you can just help with that, sir. 
Avinash 
What was the question? 
Varun 
So about just the slowdown in the top line numbers in the quarter, sir, you were explaining 
something about the investment overseas business. So if just clarity on that, sir, please. 
Avinash 
No, so what you're saying is, you can't just deduce, I mean, you can't deduce it from Consol 
have the subsdiaries from US, Germany, Dubai and Middle east and InfoBeans Cloudtech so 4 
subsidiaries that are involved into the consol. 
Varun 

Just a request, sorry to interrupt that I think feedback similar to other participants, Mitesh Sir, I 
think we can hear him clearly, but Avinash Sir, we cannot hear you clearly, may be the platform 
that you use can be better by the team. 
Krunal 
So we would be able to take this last question, Ankur, please unmute yourself and proceed with 
your question. 
Ankur 
Thanks. Just quick. Any guidance for next year at this point in time, revenue guidance? Avinash 
We unfortunately, do not provide any guidance for future numbers 
Ankur 
All right, thanks, all the best guys. 
Krunal 
Gaurav, please unmute yourself and proceed with your question 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on good set of numbers. And on that 
Tal64 story, right, it was actually really good, amazing to see three set of friends staying 
together for so long. Rarely, we see such things happening in the business world. Now coming to 
my question, sir, in fact, that story had mentioned about a logistics player based out of 
Germany, where the revenue has ran up from say, 0 million to 10 million in about six years. Now, 
if I just take that number, right, that's like 100 crores. So I just want to understand, like, is that 
one client giving us 100 crores? So how do you think about client concentration? Is that a risk? 
How should we think of it? If you can share some thoughts on that? 
Sir, I think the mic which you're using, right, maybe it needs to be near you or a little far away 
from you. I think that is the problem. As close as possible. Is it better? Far better. I think that is 
the issue you should be looking for. 
Avinash 
So, you know, in the entire Germany, which means we had certain, several instances where a 
single client could have contributed over 30% or more. And, you know, this time, we're actually 
happy that we have a client which is contributing close to 20% to the top line, because this is a 
very large company, plus we are dealing with eight to nine entities of that large company. 
So we are, you know, one broad MSA is at a global level, but a lot of SoWs at entity levels.  

This, you know, spreads us fairly well in the organization. And interestingly, we are now among 
the top five global vendors in that company's list, which again, you know, is a sign of strength 
rather than a worry in my mind.  
Secondly, you know, as a company of our size, we will have a couple of such relationships to ride 
on. Now, similarly, when we look at Salesforce and ServiceNow, we have also strong 
relationships that we are riding on. I mean, not necessarily as a direct customer relationship, but 
as a partner in that ecosystem. So I think we are well diversified in terms of our industries, you 
know, and in terms of other geographies. So there's no sign of worry as such, but point well 
taken. We definitely want to not have more than 25% from one single client. So I think we're still 
well diversified and not put all our eggs into one basket. So yes, but we are fairly positioned at 
this point in time. We certainly want to increase our volume share with that client further.  
Gaurav 
Just to add on, is our revenue share primarily because of this one client or is it fairly well, the 
revenue growth, which I mean?  
Avinash 
No, it's a broad spectrum. Not just, I mean, this client is definitely one of the key factors, but not 
only one, there are many client. 
Gaurav 
Great, thank you, sir, and all the best.  
Krunal 
Thank you. So unfortunately, we have a hard stop at 9.45. So we'll be able to take this last 
question. So Mehul, you can come up with your follow-up question. Please unmute yourself. 
Mehul 
Yeah, thank you so much for the opportunity again. So, because, you know, the discussion which 
we were having in the first question, we could not complete it. So my perspective was that, you 
know, I was not trying to say that Infobeans and TCS will grow at the same pace. What I was 
trying to say is that what TCS used to do three years back, they have slowed down substantially, 
while we have accelerated. So there's a big divergence in what they are doing and I mean, what 
our company is doing and how these giants are doing. So that's my and you know, I'm not an IT 
guy. So I'm trying to understand, are we doing something which is very, very niche? And these 
guys are doing something which is very, very, you know, majority of their work is like, 
substandard work. I mean, sorry to say that. But yeah, I hope you got my question.  
 

​
Siddharth 
So Mehul, just to repeat, we don't know what TCS is doing or not doing. So there's no way to 
compare whether they are doing good work or bad work. TCS has a huge track record. So we 
are not comparing with them. What we can say is, as Mitesh pointed out earlier also, we are 
putting tremendous efforts into AI, into optimization, into making sure that our future is secure. 
AI is one of those tools. The second tool is investment in people. One of the biggest reasons for 
the increase in cost is that we also want to take care of our people. Our people are our only 
asset. There's no other asset. So if we are taking care of our people, investing in AI, doing our 
jobs sincerely, properly, showing up in situations when we are required and we want to show up, 
all of these factors, the entire effort, I think that shows in the results. We hope that we continue 
to do this. God willing, we will be able to do this. It is our best, best, best effort. This is what we 
do 24 hours a day. And if we are successful, great. If not, we'll continue to put in our efforts. 
But obviously we cannot, I personally or this room cannot comment on what TCS or XYZ 
company is doing or not doing. Let's not. Yeah.  
Mehul 
Thank you. No, no. I'll stop here. So thank you. Last question. So what does investment in AI 
mean? You know, if you can, because I'm a outsider from IT. So what does, because you know, 
AI is, everybody talks about AI, even a paint company will talk about AI, even a logistics 
company will talk about, so what are we doing in AI?  
Siddharth 
So AI is touching every aspect of our life from entertainment to healthcare to, you know, 
running any small organization to even figuring out what to cook today at home. So all of us are 
investing in AI on an individual basis or as an enterprise. What we are doing, I think Mitesh 
threw some light on that. We are also, in addition to that, we're also trying to improve our 
internal systems using AI, our hiring systems, our financial systems, our project tracking 
systems, all of those things combined. So this is basically what I can say in terms of what we are 
doing on AI from a market point of view.  
Avinash 
No, no. I think what Mehul is trying to understand is, what kind of efforts we are doing so that 
we can help our customers. 
Mehul 
Yeah, exactly. I mean, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's right. Yes.  
Siddharth 
That's what Mitesh talked about.  

 
Mehul 
Okay. Maybe I missed out. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah.  
Mitesh 
So the SDD, the Insane SDD that we launched, that's a methodology to do engineering. And if 
we are able to cut down customer time, the deployment time, if we are able to cut down the 
number of defects, all of these ultimately help our customers. One could look at all of this as, oh, 
so if you can achieve this in half the time or half the cost, your revenue should go down. But 
history has told us that once a certain level of productivity is reached, the amount of effort 
actually increases. And that's really what we are starting to see. So we continue to add such 
value to our customers' work and in the process end up delivering a lot more value than what we 
have been in the past. Hope this helps you gain a little bit of a color to work with.  
Krunal 
Yeah. Thank you so much. Yeah. That answers my question. Thank you.  
Surbhi 
Thank you everyone. And now you may disconnect your line. 
  
 
