 
 
 
20.02.2026 
 
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001. 
 
Scrip code : 509152 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051. 
 
Symbol : GRPLTD  –  Series: EQ 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript 
  
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of earnings call held with analyst / institutional 
investors on Friday, 13th February, 2026 at 04:00 p.m. IST to discuss Company’s 
operational and financial performance for Q3 & 9MFY26. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
  
Thanking you, 
 
For GRP Limited 
 
 
 
 
Jyoti Sancheti 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
Jyoti 
Sancheti
Digitally signed 
by Jyoti Sancheti 
Date: 2026.02.20 
18:44:58 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“GRP Limited 
Q3 & 9 Months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 13, 2026 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recording uploaded on the stock exchanges on February 13, 2026 will prevail.  
 
 
  
 
             
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HARSH GANDHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – GRP 
LIMITED 
 
MS. SHILPA MEHTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
GRP LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the GRP Limited Q3 and 9 Months FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Harsh Gandhi, Managing Director. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Harsh Gandhi: 
A very good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining GRP Limited's Quarter 3 
and 9 months for FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. I'm joined today by our Chief Financial 
Officer, Ms. Shilpa Mehta; as well as our Investor Relations advisers from SGA. The investor 
presentation has been uploaded to the stock exchanges and is also available on our company's 
website. We trust you had the opportunity to go through the same. 
While quarter 3 and the year-to-date FY '26 were marked by muted demand and persistent 
challenges, the last 15 days have been particularly encouraging for us as a company and of 
course, the country as well. The reduction of U.S. tariffs on Indian imports from a potential high 
of 50% to about 18% is a significant development that provides meaningful relief to the pressures 
that we have faced earlier during the year. 
This change is expected to improve our export volumes and realizations with benefits likely to 
begin reflecting from the current quarter itself. In addition, the India-EU Free Trade Agreement, 
while not immediately impactful for our business, is expected to enhance competitiveness of 
Indian tyre manufacturers with zero duty access to the European Union market. 
Over the medium term, this could support increased demand for reclaim rubber, both for sales 
in Europe as well as through our customers in India, who will have a more significant platform 
for exports to the EU. This reinforces the sustainability-driven growth opportunities in our 
sector. Together, these trade developments mark a turning point, providing us greater confidence 
as we look ahead. 
While recent developments are encouraging, it is important to note that Q3 of FY '26 and the 
year-to-date period were still shaped by macroeconomic and industry challenges. Despite these 
headwinds, we maintained the top line stability with total income of INR 1,352 million, 
reflecting a marginal 2% year-on-year growth. Overall volumes remained stable with 
incremental gains from new business and Tyre Pyrolysis Oil helped balance the drop in certain 
export-linked business volumes. 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
This stability reflects the benefits of our diversified portfolio and the gradual traction of our 
newer initiative. As part of our long-term strategy to build a fully integrated tyre recycling 
ecosystem, we continue to make calibrated progress in our newer businesses of tyre pyrolysis, 
recovered carbon black and crumb rubber. 
Tyre pyrolysis, we are encouraged by the yield profile and the product mix that we have achieved 
so far, most of this in terms of operations starting in Q3 of FY '26, which gives us confidence in 
the long-term viability of the technology. However, stabilization of the technology has taken 
longer than anticipated and near-term capacity utilization remains below our internal 
expectations. 
Technical teams are working closely to optimize process stability and consistency along with 
the technology providers. And in light of this, we have prudently deferred the next stage of 
expansion, including scaling up of the tyre pyrolysis capacity and commissioning of the 
Recovered Carbon Black facility. 
These are now expected to be commissioned by August 2026 with commercial production 
available from the second half of the half year. We believe this disciplined approach protects 
capital while ensuring that future scale-up is based on stable operating parameters. The Crumb 
Rubber Modified Bitumen business, we have made strides and been able to penetrate certain 
markets. 
And while we remain strategically committed, but we are realistic about our current input 
economics. To build a structurally margin-accretive model, we are actively developing import 
channels for waste tyres as relying solely on domestic sourcing does not presently support 
attractive returns for the CRMB sector. Once secured, the sourcing strategy will allow us to 
participate in a much larger way in the CRMB value chain. 
However, sales in this sector have begun and approvals of several large road contractors as well 
as bitumen manufacturers have already been established. Overall, these businesses represent 
important pillars in GRP's long-term circular materials road map. While the near term is focused 
on operational stabilization and capital prudence, the strategic direction in this sector remains 
unchanged. 
To take this in perspective, let me now turn to the broader industry environment that shaped the 
quarter till date. Global tyre demand remained under pressure. Passenger car and light truck 
OEM markets saw modest growth, largely driven by China, while Europe continued to 
experience weakness. Truck and bus OEM demand was subdued with North America at historic 
low levels for reasons we all know. 
However, while replacement markets offered some stability, helping balance the overall demand 
environment in North America. Reclaim rubber industry exports were broadly unchanged on a 
year-to-year basis, but with the U.S. share of exports from India declining from 12% to 7%. 
Tariffs have had a significant impact on India's competitiveness for the North American market. 
Domestic trends till quarter 2 FY '26 have, however, been more supportive. Consumption rose 
on a year-on-year basis and GRP's market share improved by 200 basis points. Our deliberate 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
focus on non-tyre applications have yielded tangible results with consumption in these segments 
rising sharply, our share expanding in the non-tyres application. This focus contributed to a 17% 
year-on-year growth in the domestic revenues on a YTD basis in reclaim rubber. 
During the quarter, this figure stood at 27%, helping reduce the impact of external demand 
pressures, however, at much lower margins. Within this industry backdrop, our reclaim rubber 
business delivered steady progress. Revenues grew during the quarter, driven by strong domestic 
performance. Income from the pyrolysis and crumb rubber businesses started to build during the 
quarter and supported by sales to cement players as well as to steel industries. 
This contributed to overall stability in volumes for the entire tyre recycling vertical. At the 
volume level, the most significant impact was seen in exports to the North American markets, 
where volumes to key customers fell nearly 40% on a year-to-year basis. Margins were affected 
by continued inflation in select raw materials. One key grade saw a 45% increase in input cost 
year-on-year, against which at 35% pass-through of prices were already achieved. 
A large part of the price increases will get effective from this quarter onwards. And hopefully, 
as a result, the extent of the price increase will be completely passed on. This, along with 
sourcing diversification helped mitigate the pressure but did not fully offset the escalation of the 
raw material costs. Product mix improvements and selective pricing, gross margins were, 
however, kept broadly steady. 
At the EBITDA level, margins in the reclaim rubber business improved, supported by a 
structural cost reduction measures. These included leaner manpower deployment, energy 
optimization and a gradual shift towards the new technologies, which together contributed to a 
256-basis point reduction in other expenses. 
Progress is gradual as transitions align with customer approval time line, but improvements 
remain steady and sustainable quarter-after-quarter. Revenues within the non-reclaim portfolio 
were broadly maintained despite softer offtake, particularly in the recycled polypropylene 
segment. 
This segment continues to face near-term headwinds driven by a sharp decline in Virgin 
polypropylene prices and sustained inflows of low-cost imports, particularly from China, which 
has emerged as a net exporter. Industry prices declined 4% to 5% sequentially during Q3 and 
remained 30% to 35% lower year-on-year. 
This affected our ability to increase volumes and build scale in the recycled polyolefin market, 
but we believe that there is a lot to catch up to. Price distortion that has temporarily compressed 
the economic spread between virgin and recycled material has reduced the immediate 
commercial incentive for customers to increase the recycled content beyond compliance 
requirements. 
As a result, the demand momentum linked to EPR benefits has been slower than initially 
anticipated. However, we view this largely as cyclical rather than structural. India remains 
structurally underpenetrated in the recycled content usage relative to global benchmarks. 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
In addition implementation of the auto EPR norms mandating minimum recycled content by FY 
'28, along with broader regulatory tailwinds in the packaging and consumer goods sectors are 
expected to create sustained demand visibility over the medium term. There have been several 
encouraging product and customer approvals, which will contribute to the long-term growth of 
the business. 
However, given our earlier plans in the current context, we are reassessing the subsidiary's 
operating model to ensure the capital deployment aligns with return thresholds. Our focus is on 
optimizing sourcing efficiency, improving product positioning in higher spec applications and 
end markets like automotive, electrical and appliances. 
We are also evaluating strategic partnerships that enhance traceability and help us build scale. 
We remain committed to the opportunity but are playing a more disciplined approach for pacing 
the investments until pricing spreads normalize and return on capital employed is justified. 
Further to our earlier update, we have entered into a PPA agreement with BECIS Solar Private 
Limited involving an investment of approximately INR 3 crores. This project is expected to 
deliver annual cost savings of approximately INR 3 to 4 crores, while also helping us reduce our 
carbon footprint and advancing our sustainability and decarbonization. 
On that note, I'll hand over the call to Ms. Shilpa Mehta, our CFO, to walk you through the 
consolidated financial highlights for Q3 and 9 months of FY '26. 
Shilpa Mehta: 
Good afternoon, everyone.,,, 
Moderator: 
Shilpa Mam, sorry to interrupt, but we can't hear you properly. 
Shilpa Mehta: 
So we'll start with Q3 of FY '26. Total income is at INR 1,352 million compared to INR 1,327 
million in Q3 of FY '25, which is reflecting a 2% increase. Gross profit was INR 666 million 
versus INR 704 million in Q3 of FY '25, which is a decline of 5%. Gross margins were 49% for 
the quarter. EBITDA came in at INR 112 million compared to INR 130 million in Q3 of FY '25, 
which is lower by 14% on year-on-year basis. 
EBITDA and margin during the quarter were impacted by 11% higher RM cost in reclaim, 
volume drop in plastics and high base of polymer composite and EPR of previous year and a 
45% export margin decline due to U.S. tariff. Another major factor is fixed costs from a new 
plant operating at sub-optimal levels, which is expected to improve gradually in future. 
EPR accrued for the quarter was INR 4.54 crores and income from subsidiaries GCSL and GSPL 
stood at INR 44 million, with a loss of INR 11 million. Adjusted profit after tax stood at INR 23 
million compared to INR 44 million in Q3 of FY '25 which is a decline 49% on year-on-year 
basis. This figure, however, excludes the impact of an exceptional item, which is gratuity 
provision as per new labour code, which is coming to INR 14 million. 
Now we turn to 9 months financials, 9 months of FY '26, where income is INR 3,930 million 
compared to INR 3,912 million in 9 months of FY '25, which is maintaining broadly the same 
level year-on-year basis despite prevailing headwinds. Gross profit is at INR 1,970 million 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
versus INR 2,044 million in previous YTD of FY '25, which is lower by 4% on year-on-year 
basis. 
EBITDA is INR 335 million compared to INR 363 million in 9 months of FY '25, while margin 
remained steady at 9%, which is consistent with prior period. Margin deduction was driven by 
flat volumes, a 5% increase in raw material cost, forex loss of INR 3 crores on account of 
revaluation of working capital loans and nearly INR 1 crores of additional debt servicing for 
new projects contributing incremental volumes but operating at sub-optimal level. 
EPR for the period accrued at INR 13.56 crores. Adjusted PAT stood at INR 60 million 
compared to INR 113 million in 9 months of FY '25 excluding the impact of an exceptional item 
related to new labour code of INR 14 million. Gross debt, including long-term and short-term 
borrowings stood at INR 1,802 million in 9 months of FY '26, debt-to-equity ratio was 0.92 as 
on 31st December 2025. With this, I now open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Rajvi Shah from Bright Securities. 
Rajvi Shah: 
So sir, on the U.S. tariff normalization, now that the tariffs have been reduced to around 18%, I 
had few questions regarding the same. So the first one is, has commercial negotiation with your 
U.S. customers resumed? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
Rajvi, may I request you ask all the questions so I can respond to all of them together. It's easier 
from my perspective. 
Rajvi Shah: 
Okay, sure. So sir, my second question is that are you seeing any early indications or green 
shoots in terms of order inflows or volume recovery? And nextly, how should we think about 
the time line for regaining the volume loss that occurred earlier due to the higher tariff regime, 
these are my questions? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
Thank you so much, Rajvi. So as far as the U.S. tariffs are concerned, as you said, the volumes 
dipped in Q3 on a year-on-year basis by close to 40%. I think commercial conversations have 
already begun with the customers. Notwithstanding the fact that one particular business, which 
is the rubber composite, we announced earlier that we have decided to sort of shut that business 
that we would not be restarting.  
But the rest of the businesses around Custom Die Forms as well as the reclaim rubber, we should 
be able to revert to those volumes potentially over the course of the next few quarters. I mean 
exact timing is still uncertain. We are having the conversations, but we do believe that the 
recovery in volumes will take place only to the extent of the substitution that was done for our 
product on a like-to-like basis.  
However, customers are experiencing or have experienced during the year a lower demand and 
lower production of their produce, especially tires. As I mentioned, the OE tires were far lower 
in terms of overall production in North America. So I think a large part of our demand recovery 
will be also linked to how quickly does the OE replacement tire manufacturing in North America 
kind of come back to normalcy.  

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
As far as the time lines are concerned, we are in conversations with the customers. I would say 
it will probably be another 3 to 4 weeks before clarity of this emerges. So, some impact visible 
from this quarter and clarity emerging definitely from next quarter, but to get back that entire 
volume, I don't have a timeline to provide  
Rajvi Shah: 
Yes. That was really helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jigar Shah from Elevate Research. 
Jigar Shah: 
Sir, I need some clarity on the INR 150 crores capex plan that was targeted by December. So in 
that you had mentioned that around INR 76 crores remains to be deployed across pyrolysis 
recovered from carbon black and crumb rubber. So could you break down how much capex has 
already been incurred in each of these three segments individually? And how much incremental 
capex is yet to be deployed in each business? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
Sure. So I mean I think the questions are mostly around the green energy or the pyrolysis and 
the carbon black business. I think so far, a total of about INR 76-odd crores has been deployed 
until FY '26 until Q3 of this financial year, starting FY '24 last quarter that we had begun. And 
the rest of the capex as far as FY '27 is concerned, an approximate about INR 80 crores of capex 
to be deployed in this year.  
However, we've recalibrated our plans from our earlier trajectory or earlier volumes that we were 
planning, almost 25% additional volume is planned for the entire project given the cost economy. 
And therefore, there's going to be an overrun on the overall spend, but to the higher capacity that 
will get deployed. 
We expect that by first half of FY '27, the entire project in Solapur will be executed and 
commissioned. As I mentioned, by October, we are expecting commercial volumes to kick in 
for both the additional pyrolysis as well as the recovered carbon black. And the next site where 
we are planning to deploy will also have additional capacity and that work will start towards the 
second half of this year, potentially complete by Q1 of FY '28. So that's broadly how I can 
provide the breakup of this. 
Jigar Shah: 
Yes. Got it. 
Harsh Gandhi: 
As far as the other businesses sorry, your question was also in terms of capex in other businesses, 
I think. We already initiated capex in line 2 of the new technology in reclaim rubber that in the 
devulcanization technology, as we had explained earlier that as customer approvals improve, we 
will look at deploying the second line. I wanted to share that we have already initiated the 
investment and potentially by May or June of this year, that capex is likely to get commissioned 
as well. 
So that will add additional capacity as far as reclaim rubber through the new technology is 
concerned. That investment is likely to be in the region of between INR 12 crores to INR 15 
crores and will be deployed entirely by May of this year. That's the other deployment that is 
being planned. And this will be in the plant in Solapur, where this technology will get 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
commissioned and capacity utilization hopefully will start showing up for the 9 months of next 
year. 
Jigar Shah: 
Got it, sir. And sir, at peak utilization, what kind of revenue potential do you see from each of 
these projects? And additionally, what asset turns are you targeting at a steady state? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
Okay. I don't have those numbers immediately. I mean I think we've indicated as far as the entire 
pyrolysis and recovered carbon black is concerned, where the expected asset turns are in the 
range of 2 depending on the stage of execution that we do. As far as the reclaim rubber itself is 
concerned, the asset turns would be in line with the current numbers. And therefore, this INR 12 
crores to INR 15 crores will yield appropriate revenue number. 
Jigar Shah: 
Okay. Got it, sir. And lastly, sir, given some of these plants are currently operating at suboptimal 
levels, so what kind of margin track should we factor in over the next few quarters? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
So reclaim rubber in the last 6 months, we've seen the utilization being lower mainly on account 
of tariffs, as I said and the U.S. alone was down 40% from the previous year's Q3. We are hoping 
to obviously get back some of those levels as far as utilization is concerned. I would say that 
with this new technology starting to pick up steam and we are starting to see the orders filling 
in. 
I think the new tech will start seeing the utilization inch up about 60%, 65% , starting next 
quarter. And as the next line comes in, that utilization will also take some time to brew. But as 
far as Q3 reclaim is concerned, overall, we were at about 87% utilization. There is still some 
room for growth.  
The EP business or the Engineering Plastics business continued to operate at just about 50% 
level. And the Custom Die Forms and the rubber composites, again, which were both U.S. 
dependent, were operating at 50% utilization. As I mentioned, the composite business, we have 
taken a call to discontinue, that is obviously not sure, but the CDF business is expected to get 
back up to the 75%, 80% utilization that it was operating pre tariffs. So that's in a nutshell, how 
I would describe the utilization over the next couple of quarters. 
Jigar Shah: 
Got it. This helps. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Sharma from Sharm Securities. 
Karan Sharma: 
So sir, as you mentioned about reassessing the subsidiaries operating model, does this include 
any potential capital reduction or any strategic investor onboarding? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I think all options are on the table. I think the subsidiary has predominantly the polyolefin 
recycling as part of its portfolio. We've got some good strong approvals from brand owners. 
We've also started recently working with global compounder for the same. Some of the areas 
that we are reassessing the same is the kind of product mix and customer mix that we are 
targeting and also the end segments.  

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
We're shifting or rather I wouldn't say shifting, but focusing far more on automotive, electrical 
and appliances sectors and that's something that we are hoping will provide long-term stability 
as well as improved margin. 
As far as your question on whether we are looking at either of a fundraise or a strategic 
partnership and or reduction in capital, I think we haven't gotten far. I mean there is all on the 
drawing board and several options under consideration. We will certainly announce something 
once we have made progress on either of these opportunities. But yes, some of these are within 
the realm of possibilities. 
Karan Sharma: 
Okay. What is the current capacity utilization in Non-Reclaim Rubber segment of this last year? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
As I mentioned, I think each of these businesses are operating at different utilizations. The 
Engineering Plastics business is operating at just about 50%-odd, 50% plus a little bit 
plus/minus. The CDF business operating also at closer to 50%, while the subsidiary is operating 
at sub-50% at the moment. 
Karan Sharma: 
Okay. And lastly, sir, on the auto EPR norms kicking in by FY '28, what revenue contribution 
are we expecting from EPR-linked demand by FY '28? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
That's an interesting question. I don't have the quantification yet, but I can tell you two things. 
One is the auto EPR in Europe has been in place for a while. And what I'm given to understand 
with the India, EU FDA is that a lot of the vehicles that will be produced in India or exports to 
Europe will start having to comply with those auto EPR norms and that will provide some 
demand impetus to us wherever our approvals with the automotive brand owners is in place, 
especially in the plastic compounding line.  
That traction should potentially start by FY '27, etcetera. As far as the India norms are concerned, 
I believe they are in the draft stage. So it will be a little early to comment on what would be the 
impact of that on our business. But I think these are directionally the areas that we've been 
investing in and these norms are anywhere close to what the European norms are.  
It could mean significant growth in capacity, could mean for us at least the [inaudible 0:28:52] 
polypropylene doubling down of capacity from where we are at the moment. But again, as I said, 
since the norms are in draft stage, very difficult to be able to provide the number to you at this 
stage. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Jain from JJ Capital. 
Jay Jain: 
Sir, on the EPR side, could you provide some color on the current environment, like are we 
facing any challenges in generating or monetizing EPR credits whether in terms of regulatory 
approvals, verification time lines or realizations? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
No. Answer is no, there is no challenges in either of monetizing, generating or regulatory 
challenges. We continue to generate EPR credits in line with our domestic sourcing and in line 
with the production of the different grades of materials that are eligible for generating the credit. 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
There is only one particular issue, which is our pyrolysis plant. That registration is still pending 
and likely to be received in this quarter. 
So the impact of EPR credits on account of both purchases and sales in the pyrolysis and rCB 
business, those are not factored in our current approvals, because the approval from the CPCB 
is not in place. But that's generally, there is a lag. It takes a couple of months, and we are hoping 
that in this quarter, we will have the registration and then start generating the credits and accruing 
the income to that effect. 
As far as sales of EPR is concerned, I mean, we currently don't have challenges in selling. We 
have long-term contracts in place with several of our customers with whom on a quarterly basis 
we are selling the EPR credit, more or less in line with the generation that we are accruing. 
Yes, there is some lag in terms of credits, but I don't think the lag is significant. We are pretty 
much able to convert most of the credits that are accrued in terms of cash with a lag of maybe a 
couple of months. 
Jay Jain: 
Okay. Sir, the reason I'm asking that we have seen some peers reporting higher-than-expected 
EPR accruals. So I just want to understand, is there any industry-wide shift in pricing or credit 
issuance that we should be aware of? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I mean, a, as I said, we are generating credits based on only the domestic sourcing of raw 
materials that we are doing, which is in line with the norms. We are generating those credits on 
the portal and are able to sell those. EPR, what you call it, credits are not allowed on imports, 
and therefore, we are not generating any credits as far as imports are concerned. 
As far as pricing is concerned, currently, all of our accrual is at the floor price of INR 2.52. We 
are not either bullish and/or ambitious in terms of the price at which we are accruing the credit. 
So I can't comment on what other peers, as you mentioned, have been considering, but we are 
very much in line. 
In fact, the guidance that has been provided in the past, and I think the information that is there 
on the website in terms of the generation possibility based on our domestic sourcing and the 
production of reclaim that we have, I think, is more or less in line with what we are generating. 
I can't comment on peers and how they are reporting. 
Jay Jain: 
Got it, sir. Sir, just one last question from my end. How much incremental EPR benefit do we 
expect from the Pyrolysis and crumb rubber business as capacities stabilize? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I don't have the numbers immediately off the top of my head, but I mean, we know that as far as 
pyrolysis is concerned, the oil generates credits at a conversion rate of, I think, 0.8x and so does 
the Char -- crumb Rubber generates credits at a conversion rate of 1.1x the input less the yield. 
Reclaim continues to be the highest at 1.3x, and I believe the conversion factors and the tables 
are all mentioned on our investor presentation. 
There is a slide on that, which I encourage you to go through. If you have any questions post 
that, we'll be happy to address them offline at your convenience. But yes, I mean, 1.3x is what 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Reclaim is and Crumb Rubber is at 1x, and Pyrolysis Oil and Char, through the continuous 
method, is at 0.8x weightage. 
So all of that together will definitely add to the EPR revenue in the coming period. As I said, we 
haven't got the approvals from the PCB for the pyrolysis unit. So to that extent, we've under 
reported the income accrued, we can only accrue it once the approvals come in place and the 
credits are in our book. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nisha Shah from NM Securities. 
Nisha Shah: 
I have a couple of questions. Your gross debt stands at INR 1,802 million with debt equity ratio 
at 0.92. So what is your comfort level for leverage? And what do you expect debt to increase 
before pyrolysis stabilization? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I think the debt equity was a conscious call when we did raise the capital because there is 
adequate confidence in the future cash flows that we are generating from the business. Of course, 
this year, over the first 6 months, there has been a little bit of a hiccup on account of the tariff 
from North America and its resulted impact on the gross margins for the company. 
But we remain fairly confident that the margins will now start turning given that the tariffs have 
reversed. And this leverage will certainly reduce. But I think the current debt-to-EBITDA as 
well as the debt equity ratios, we are fairly comfortable with the current level. You will see in 
the course of the next few quarters that this will start improving for sure. That's broadly how I 
define this, yes. 
Nisha Shah: 
Okay, sir. My second question is your solar PPA investment of INR 3 crores yield gives you 
INR 3 crores, INR 4 crores savings annually. So when do you see this start reflecting in P&L? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
So I just want to clarify that the investment that we have made is in the equity of the SPV. So 
the total project cost obviously will be significantly more because of the way the SPVs will be 
structured. We will hold a 26% equity. The power producer will hold the remaining 74% of the 
equity. And then they will subsequently leverage the project for debt. 
So therefore, the overall contribution of ours to the total project cost would be significantly lower 
at closer to about 11% or 12%. That said, this project is for our plants in Gujarat is expected to 
be commissioned by July, and therefore, the benefits of this will start accruing from August. Of 
course, solar power has its own seasonality in terms of generation. 
So during the monsoon period, we often find the generation of units from solar plants lower than 
the rest of the year. So one will need to factor those in the projections. But yes, I mean, currently, 
the SPV PPA is very clear that from August we will start generating the units. 
Nisha Shah: 
Okay, sir. And lastly, what will be your peak capex guidance for FY '26 and FY '27? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
As I said, I mean, FY '27, I already indicated that the total number is likely to be about INR 80 
crores for the Pyrolysis and Recovered Carbon Black business, and between INR 12 crores to 
INR 15 crores for the incremental capacity addition for the reclaim rubber business. This is 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
obviously in addition to whatever is the maintenance capex requirement for the plants, which 
will be more or less based on the historic level. 
As far as FY '26 itself is concerned, roughly INR 31 crores have been spent on the Pyrolysis and 
the rCB plant and business, and another INR 18-odd crore has been spent on the rest of the 
capex. So together, close to INR 50 crores of the total capex for FY '26. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Mehta from Wisdom Advisors. 
Raj Mehta: 
Sir, on the outlook front, on FY '27 outlook as we look beyond the current year and factor in 
tariff normalization along with the ongoing capex ramp-up, so how should we think about 
revenue growth in FY '27? And can you share any broad guidance on EBITDA margins once 
the new capacities stabilize? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I'd say, as far as the volume growth in the reclaim rubber business itself is concerned, I think for 
this year on the whole, we kind of will probably end up at closer to 5%. But next year, as far as 
would you call it the utilization of capacity or rather the growth is likely to be significantly 
higher on account of 2, 3 factors. 
One is the volume returning in the North American market. The other is the approval of the new 
technology as that is picking up pace, we expect that, that volume will grow. So expectation is 
a mid-teen kind of a number in terms of volume growth for next year over FY '26. 
Proportionately, as far as revenue growth is concerned, we should maintain that. And this is only 
as far as the reclaim rubber business is concerned. As far as the Pyrolysis and business of 
Recovered Carbon Black, etcetera, because it's a fairly low base, I would say that utilization will 
improve in there. And I mean, based on the pace, etcetera, this would be a fairly sizable jump in 
revenues. 
I think at this stage, we are unable to provide a number, but this would be assuming that the 
entire say, capex for the Pyrolysis and rCB will be deployed, we will have an effective net 
capacity available of about 45,000 tons for the year additionally for all of pyrolysis steel, oil, 
crumb, char and rCB. So that 45,000 tons should generate a fairly significant revenue for that 
particular part of the business. 
I think the plastics business, I would be satisfied with the utilization levels from the current sub 
50% would go to closer to 75%, 80%. So that's the potential that I see again on account of a 
combination of factors. One is the return to normalcy of the polyolefin pricing, which we have 
seen reversal starting this month. 
We are also seeing some demand offtake as far as nylon and engineering plastics is concerned. 
So all of this together, I mean, it will be incremental at best, but one can say that there, the 
growth in volumes, etcetera, would be also more or less in line with the mid-teens to high-teen 
numbers from the current year levels. So that's in a nutshell. 
I mean, as I said, effective capacity of the Green Energy business of the Pyrolysis and rCB is 
what one should look at as providing a significant kicker in addition to the mid-teen volume 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
growth that we are expecting from the stable state -- steady-state businesses of reclaim and 
plastic businesses. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. Over to you. 
Harsh Gandhi: 
Thank you again for the interesting questions, as always. It's interesting to note that the questions 
reflect a strong understanding of the sector as well as the opportunities that lay ahead of us. I 
mean, again, I want to reiterate that we continue to remain committed towards the long-term 
plans of continuing to build a globally relevant size and scale for a tire recycling ecosystem.  
We believe the tailwinds as well as the opportunities on account of the government as well as 
the brand owners are very much with us. And therefore, being able to implement these plans 
successfully is what we are hoping to achieve over the course of the next few quarters. 
Yes, there have been a few hiccups during this financial year on account of project execution 
delays as well as the tariff situation, which was a little out of our control. But we do believe very 
strongly, both from a utilization of capacity in the pyrolysis business, we kind of have overcome 
the initial hiccups. 
So therefore, starting to see some steady business growth there and the return to normalcy of 
tariffs will allow us to sort of provide unleash the full potential of the capacities that we've 
created for the reclaim rubber business. 
I just want to highlight again that a lot of the initiatives on cost reduction in the reclaim rubber 
business have started to completely bear fruit and our operating costs continue to trend lower. 
So as and when there is a gross margin expansion, one will start seeing a fairly significant growth 
in the overall margins for that business. 
So with that, we go into 2026, '27 extremely bullish and continue to deliver sustainable materials 
to the industry. Thank you so much for participating in the call and look forward to your support 
and continued guidance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of GRP Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
