ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited 
Corporate Identity Number: L99999DL1993PLC054135 
Corporate Office: ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund Tower, Vakola, Santacruz East, Mumbai – 400055 Tel: +91 22 6647 
0200/2652 5000 Fax: +91 22 6666 6582/83, website: www.icicipruamc.com, email id: enquiry@icicipruamc.com 
Central Service Office: 2nd Floor, Block B-2, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (East),  
Mumbai – 400 063 , Tel No.: 022 26852000, Fax No.: 022-2686 8313 
Registered Office: 12th Floor, Narain Manzil, 23, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi – 110 001 
IPAMC/SE/10/26-27 
April 17, 2026  
To,  
BSE Limited, 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip code: 544658 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Listing Department,  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G 
block, 
Bandra 
Kurla 
Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
NSE Symbol: ICICIAMC 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:   Transcripts of media call and earnings call for the quarter and year ended March 
31, 2026 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A Para A of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the 
SEBI Listing Regulations), we request you to please find enclosed herewith transcripts of the 
media call and earnings call with analysts and investors on the financial results of the 
Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026. 
The said transcripts would also be made available on the Company’s website at 
www.icicipruamc.com in compliance with Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
You are requested to kindly take the same on records. 
For ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited 
Rakesh Shetty  
Chief Compliance Officer & Company Secretary 
Membership No.: A15506 
RAKESH 
RAMESH 
SHETTY
Digitally signed by 
RAKESH RAMESH 
SHETTY 
Date: 2026.04.17 
17:40:25 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited 
Media Conference Call – Quarter and year ended March 31st, 2026 
April 13, 2026 
 
Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this release which contain 
words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would' , ‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions 
or variations of such expressions may constitute 'forward looking statements'. These forward-
looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. These 
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, actions of regulatory authorities, regulatory 
changes pertaining to the industry in which we operate and our ability to respond to such 
changes, our ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, 
technological implementation and changes, the actual growth in demand for AMC’s products and 
services, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, impact of competition; the impact of 
changes in accounting standards, tax and other legislations and regulations in the jurisdictions 
where the Company has operations or which affect global or Indian economic conditions as well 
as other risks detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our holding company, with the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission. ICICI Bank Limited and we undertake no 
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date 
hereof. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen. Good evening, and welcome to ICICI 
Prudential 
Asset 
Management 
Company 
Limited's 
Media 
Conference Call for the Quarter and Year Ended 31st March 2026. 
 
Joining us today on the call from the company are Mr. Nimesh Shah, 
MD and CEO, Mr. Naveen Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. 
Abhijit Shah, Chief Marketing and Digital Business Officer, Mr. Vipin 
Bhandari, senior member from the business team, and Mr. Harshil 
Sanghavi, Lead Investor Relations, who will be available to address 
your questions following our opening remarks. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchtone phone. 
 
And now hand the conference over to Mr. Naveen Agarwal, CFO of 
ICICI Prudential AMC Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to ICICI Prudential 
Asset Management Company Limited's Earning Conference Call for 
the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026. I trust that you've had 
the opportunity to review our earning presentation and the investor 
materials that have been shared on the stock exchange and our 
website. I'll start with the industry overview. 
 
The industry's quarterly average AUM grew by 21.1% year-on-year 
and 0.7% sequentially in Q4 FY26, reaching INR81.62 trillion. Equity 
and equity-oriented quarterly average AUM, which commands the 
largest pie of the overall mutual fund industry, increased by 20.7% 
year-on-year and degrew by 0.4% quarter-on-quarter to INR43.80 
trillion. The decline can be attributed to challenging market 
conditions during the quarter as reflected in the declines across 

 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
benchmarks and broad-based indices. For instance, Nifty 50 
decreased by 14.5% from the levels of 26,130 as of the end of 
December '25 to 22,331 at the end of March 2026.  
                                     During this quarter, equity category continued to be at the forefront, 
attracting net inflows of INR1.24 trillion. It is important to note that 
the industry-level net inflows in equity have seen a positive increase 
quarter-on-quarter despite declining markets. The SIP contribution 
for the month of March 2026 at the industry level amounted to 
INR32,087 crores, as compared to INR31,002 crores and INR25,926 
crores in the month of December 2025 and March 2025 
respectively. 
 
In the debt segment, quarterly average AUM grew by 14.6% year-
on-year. However, it degrew by 5.2% quarter-on-quarter, dropping 
from INR13.38 trillion in December 2025 to INR12.69 trillion in 
March 2026. 
 
Passive quarterly average AUM grew by 34.2% year-on-year and 
7.4% sequentially to INR14.52 trillion. Growth is primarily driven by 
gold and silver categories. 
                                     Industry saw an increase in unique customers reaching a count of 
61.4 million, which represents an increase of 13.2% year-on-year 
and 4.2% as compared to the previous quarter. 
 
I now hand over the call to Harshil for covering the performance of 
our company. 
Harshil Sanghavi: 
Thank you, Naveen. Good evening, everyone. For the quarter ended 
March 2026, our total mutual fund quarterly average AUM reached 
INR11.05 trillion, which is up by 2.6% sequentially and 25.6% year-
on-year, thereby maintaining our position as the second largest 
AMC with a market share of 13.5%. 

 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
As of March 31st, 2026, we continue to have the largest market 
share of 13.7% in active schemes with a quarterly average AUM of 
INR9.21 trillion. This reflects an increase of 1.3% as compared to 
the previous quarter and 21.9% year-on-year. 
As of March 31st, 2026, we continue to have the largest market 
share in equity and equity-oriented schemes of 14.2% with a 
quarterly average AUM of INR6.2 trillion. This reflects an increase 
of 27.2% year-on-year and 2% quarter-on-quarter. This quarter 
stands in contrast to the industry, which has experienced a decline.  
The quarterly average AUM of our equity-oriented hybrid schemes 
amounted to INR2.18 trillion, with the largest market share of 
26.7% as of March 31st, 2026. This reflects an increase of 4.5% 
quarter-on-quarter and 31.8% year-on-year. 
In the debt segment, our quarterly average AUM stood at INR1.99 
trillion, reflecting a growth of 15.6% year-on-year and a degrowth 
of 2.7% as compared to the previous quarter, which is in line with 
the industry trend. Our passive quarterly average AUM reached 
INR1.84 trillion, representing a growth of 48.3% year-on-year and 
10% sequentially.  
For FY 2026, our margins stand at 67 basis points for equity, 32 
basis points for debt, 12 basis points for liquid, 10 basis points for 
passive, and 30 basis points for arbitrage.  
As of March 31st, 2026, we have a unique customer base of 17 
million.  
In March 2026, our systematic transactions, which includes SIPs 
and systematic transfer plans, increased by 1.3% to INR51.04 
billion. This was up from INR50.37 billion in the month of December 
2025. This also marks a 30.6% rise from INR39.06 billion in the 
month of March 2025.  

 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
The distribution mix of our mutual fund equity quarterly average 
AUM is as follows, where direct represents 28.9%, MFDs account 
for 36.7%, ICICI Bank shares at 7.9%, other banks contribute 11%, 
and national distributors account for 15.5%. Notably, our net flow 
market share in equity schemes exceeds our AUM market share. 
We have launched two specialized investment funds, that is iSIF 
Equity X Ex-Top 100 Long Short Fund and iSIF Hybrid Long Short 
Fund in January 2026. The total iSIF assets under management as 
on March 31st, 2026, is INR18.96 billion. 
Now let's move to our alternates business, which comprise equity-
focused PMS, offshore advisory, and alternative investment funds. 
For the March quarter end, our alternates quarterly average AUM 
stood at INR729.95 billion. Within alternates, our PMS quarterly 
average AUM degrew by 1.7% sequentially due to mark-to-market 
and grew 26.7% year-on-year to INR268.27 billion. 
Our AIF quarterly average AUM of INR170.33 billion reflected a 
sequential growth of 7.1% and 47.3% year-on-year. For the year 
ended March 2026, the gross yield on our PMS and AIF business 
was 2.0%, and the net yield, that is after reducing the fees and 
commission expenses attributable to PMS and AIF, was 0.98%. 
Yields on assets under advisory was 0.33% for FY 2026. 
Referring to our earlier disclosures with respect to ICICI Venture 
Funds we would like to update that post the receipt of requisite 
approvals, the transfer of investment management rights for 
certain AIFs has been completed, and the requisite documents in 
this regard have been executed by the company and ICICI Venture 
Funds Management Company Limited. 
Accordingly, 
the 
company 
will 
be 
providing 
investment 
management services for such AIFs with effect from April 1st, 2026. 
These funds are anticipated to enhance our presence in alternates 

 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
market and complement our existing alternate product offerings 
such as private credit and real estate funds. 
We have established a retail FME branch presence in GIFT City. In 
February 2026, we launched an open-ended Cat 3 AIF ICICI 
Prudential Smart Navigator Fund which is an inbound fund. This is 
our first offering in IFSC GIFT City.  
On DIFC in the last quarter, we have established our office in DIFC 
in Dubai with a dedicated team in place.  
I now hand over the call to Naveen for covering the financial 
performance of the company. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Thank you. Let's cover the financial performance for the quarter. 
Our operating revenue stood at INR15.17 billion, representing a 
growth of 19.5% year-on-year and 0.2% sequentially. Our 
operating net revenue mix -- this is the net revenue mix, please note 
from mutual fund was 90.65%, alternates 7.58% and advisory 
business was 1.77%. 
We have recorded a negative other income of INR0.89 billion for the 
quarter ended March 2026 due to mark-to-market impact. 
Operating expenses amounted to INR3.89 billion, which is a 
decrease by 3.5% year-on-year and 3.9% quarter-on-quarter. Our 
operating profit before tax, which indicates the core profitability of 
the business, reached INR11.28 billion.  
This represents a 30.2% increase year-on-year and 1.6% rise 
compared to the previous quarter. Profit after tax stood at INR7.63 
billion, which is up by 10.4% year-on-year and decreased by 16.8% 
quarter-on-quarter. The return on equity for the year ended March 
2026 is at 85.8%. Additionally, the Board of Directors have declared 
a final dividend of INR12.4 per share, which is obviously subject to 
shareholders' approval. 

 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
For year ended March 2026, our gross yield stood at 52 basis points 
and net yield stood at 48.3 basis points. Net yield is arrived at after 
reducing fees and commission expenses on PMS and AIF business, 
which is shown as an expense item in the P&L. For the year ended 
March 2026, our operating margin stood at 37.6 basis points as 
compared to 35.9 basis points for the year ended March 2025. 
As of March 31, 2026, we have an employee strength of 3,585. Also 
note, the NRC has granted ESOP and ESU. The total non-cash 
expenses estimated using the Black-Scholes for the grant which 
has been approved by NRC amounts to INR1.2 to INR1.3 billion, 
which will be amortized over the vesting period. 
The approximate debit to the P&L for FY27 will be INR640 million to 
INR680 million. For FY28 will be INR360 million to INR400 million, 
and for FY29 will be INR180 million to INR220 million. 
The ESOP and ESU grants will vest in the next 3 years from the date 
of the grant with pre-identified vesting ratios. Thank you for your 
attention. I look forward to discussing our performance in more 
detail and addressing any questions you may have now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Suresh 
Iyengar from The Hindu Business Line. Please go ahead. 
Suresh Iyengar: 
Yes, good evening, sir. This is Suresh from Business Line. So just, 
can you repeat the margin numbers for various sections, equity, 
debt, and other things? 
Harshil Sanghavi: 
Yes, sure. So for FY 2026, our margins for each of the asset class is 
67 basis points for equity, 32 basis points for debt, 12 basis points 
for liquid, 10 basis points for passive, and 30 basis points for 
arbitrage. 
Also, on the alternates front, our gross yield on the PMS and AIF 
business is about 2%, and the net yield, that is after reducing the 

 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
fees and commission expenses attributable to such PMS and AIF 
business, is about 98 basis points. On the advisory front, our yield 
is about 33 basis points. 
Suresh Iyengar: 
Sure. Just one thing about this transfer of assets, you know, ICICI 
Ventures. You said certain business has already been transferred. 
Can you throw some light on what is the value and how it is going 
to contribute going ahead? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
So as we had disclosed, this transfer is effective post the necessary 
approvals which were received, and the condition precedents. It's 
effective 1st April. So over the period, we will talk about it as it 
develops. But as we had articulated earlier, it is -- it will add to our 
entire product bouquet on the alternate side, because the product 
bouquet that we get from Venture is totally complementary to what 
we already have in the alternate. 
Suresh Iyengar: 
Sure. Okay. But on a sequential basis, both revenues and profits 
have come down. So is it due to mark-to-market or how do you see 
it, sir? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Yes, it's predominantly, if you see on the other income, we had a 
loss due to mark-to-market. But if you see on our core revenue, 
there has been a small -- its effectively the same, it’s a small growth 
on that. 
Suresh Iyengar: 
Sure. Okay. Thanks. I'll come back if I have... 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kabir Sharma from 
Informist Media. Please go ahead. 
Kabir Sharma: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. Sir, just wanted to check on a couple of things. 
Firstly, given that the geopolitical uncertainty still persists, wanted 
to know your outlook and how do you think flows will behave if the 
condition persists, especially given the developments today? 

 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Nimesh Shah: 
See, the way we look at business is what is the industry doing and 
what of the industry is coming to us as ICICI Prudential? What can 
we do? We can ensure that we have to attempt to ensure that our 
market share within the industry remains. So one cannot -- as a 
business, one cannot decide what will be the inflow to the industry. 
We have to bother about out of INR100 coming into the industry, 
what comes to us? So that is what we are focused on as a company. 
Because we are into relatively, if you see the complexion of ICICI's 
assets, our market share in dynamic asset allocation category is 
relatively higher. So when the markets become uncertain, in the 
past we have seen that sales of this segment can increase. Because 
more the uncertainty, more people will go for relatively defensive 
products. And our AMC has been always positioned as a relatively 
defensive AMC.  
So in that context, when the -- so going forward, if you see even the 
month of March, now we are two years since equity returns are 
subdued, right? Like, it is almost two years since equity returns are, 
one and a half years since equity returns are subdued. If you see the 
month of March, SIP inflows are still there, right? So around -- you 
see the growth in this quarter in SIP, it is quite a robust growth in 
SIP sales. 
So people understand that this mutual fund is a long-term 
instrument. In equity, you make money over the long term. Do you 
expect sales to be slightly lower? Yes, it can be that it is slightly 
lower. Can there be a decrease in the increase? Yes, there can be a 
decrease in the increase. So depending on the past performance of 
funds, people do get inflows. 
So if you see overall, if you're managing money properly and if your 
customers have made returns out of your funds, they do invest 
again in the same funds. And there we believe we are well 
positioned. 

 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Kabir Sharma: 
Right, sir. Thank you. And sir, secondly, following up to your 
comments, in terms of people moving towards more defensive 
assets, do you see that this year there could be, in terms of new 
NFOs, we can see more schemes which are towards safe haven 
assets or more of a debt-equity ratio? 
Nimesh Shah: 
We have -- see, if you see our product bouquet, there is a -- we 
have always focused on this asset class where equity, debt, we 
were the ones who started this concept of balanced advantage 
funds. So we have always advocated that if you cannot take 
volatility, you should mix equity and debt and take equity only to 
the extent that you can digest volatility. 
So if you see in our typical portfolio, somebody wanting 15% equity, 
30% equity, 50% equity, 70% equity, all kinds of products are there 
in our product portfolio. So customers can select from there. Having 
said that, SEBI has come with a very interesting category of SIF. So 
we have launched products in that.  
We have to launch those products and then give a good experience 
to the customers who come in, and then the flows will naturally 
flow. So yes, can there be more products in some categories where 
we are missing? Yes, there can be more products in the categories 
we are missing out on. 
Kabir Sharma: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sharad Dubey from 
NDTV Profit. Please go ahead. 
Sharad Dubey: 
Hi, sir. Of course, we saw the numbers. Sequentially, the numbers 
have been comparing. In terms of the operational front, how do you 
see this panning out for this current quarter as well? Will we see 
this, because in March we see some adjustments also take place in 
the industry as well? So will we see some impact of the war in the 
month of April? What are the initial trends suggesting? 

 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Naveen Agarwal: 
So I think as Nimesh was giving answers to the previous question, 
pretty much in line with that. April has just started. Let's see how 
the numbers hold up. We did see market falling in the month of 
March. We'll have to wait and watch as to how the numbers behave 
in the month of April. 
Nimesh Shah: 
See, if the customer is more -- I always like an environment where 
the customer is slightly asking more questions before investing. It is 
always a very healthy kind of sales when customer is a bit skeptical. 
Before investing, if a customer is asking more questions and is 
being skeptical, it's a good thing because more responsible sales 
are happening. It is not happening based on euphoria. 
 
It is happening in an uncertain environment. So flows -- as you have 
seen in the month of March, flows have held on to -- initially, the 
customer has not -- it is now 18 months. Since September '24, it is 
18 months where the equity markets are subdued, but the flows are 
on. 
Moderator: 
Sharad, do you have any follow-up question? 
Sharad Dubey: 
No, sir. That's it from me. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ashoka Mitran from The Hindu. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashoka Mitran: 
Sir, I wanted to, going by the AMFI data, the March data, I had seen 
that the ticket size of one-month SIP has gone up to by 7%-8%. And 
that's for the overall SIP contribution data. And the headline 
numbers are moving sort of in the opposite direction of the general 
market in a month where Nifty returns are down? 
So if you could help me to understand what has happened in terms 
of the ticket size of one SIP contribution in March alone, and how 
has that behaved in ICICI Prudential? Thank you. 

 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Abhijit Shah: 
Hi. So like Nimesh mentioned, we are a function of the industry, and 
we are in line with the industry. The flows are also, the way you 
mentioned, structurally positive. At the same time, from a ticket size 
point of view, the answer lies because people are, and we've seen 
it, and you saw one month, but if you see various months where the 
market is down, people tend to also increase their SIPs. 
And the way the retail behavior today is that participation in equity 
markets also depends on when the markets are down, increase 
your SIP, invest towards the long term. So from a structural trend 
point of view, in line with the industry, we believe it's a healthy 
trend. 
Ashoka Mitran: 
I think it is a buy the dip, basically. They bought the dip. 
Abhijit Shah: 
Well, one thing can be buy the dip, but since people understand that 
SIPs are for long term, the right SIP quantity in terms of value also 
defines future financial goals. Hence, a lot of people increase their 
SIP books. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Also, Naveen here. I would remember that February was a 28 days 
month as compared to March, which is a full month. So if you see 
that SIP trigger number, that, if you're drawing context to that, 
that's another angle to see. 
Ashoka Mitran: 
Correct. The base effect, you are saying? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
No, not really the base effect. 
Ashoka Mitran: 
Got it. Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow-up question is from the line of Suresh 
Iyengar from The Hindu Business Line. Please go ahead. 
Suresh Iyengar: 
Yes. Sir, I just wanted to understand on stoppage of SIP that has 
also increased last month. So given the market trend, how do you 
see more stoppages or you talked about people investing more 

 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
money to collect units, but is stoppage is also a concern going 
ahead? 
Abhijit Shah: 
So there is no significant data in terms of people stopping their SIPs. 
If you see quarter-on-quarter, because what happens typically is 
one has to look at, and that's how the industry looks at it, and the 
AMFI data that comes on a month-on-month basis tracks the net 
SIPs. The SIPs that hit various mutual funds on a monthly basis. 
Because people may want to stop one SIP in a particular fund, start 
another SIP in another fund, or increase, like I earlier said, increase 
their SIPs, etcetera. So the headline data is what the industry 
tracks, and on a quarter-on-quarter, the trend has been there in an 
upwardly number. And that's what structurally, as an industry, we 
believe from a long-term point of view will help consumers. 
Suresh Iyengar: 
Sure. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions from the 
participants, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Naveen Agarwal for closing comments. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Thank you. We appreciate the interest shown by all of you. Thank 
you very much, and wish you all a good evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Prudential Asset 
Management Company Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 

Page 1 of 22 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited 
Earnings Conference Call - Quarter and year ended March 31st, 2026 
April 13, 2026 
Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this release which contain 
words or phrases such as 'will', 'would', ‘indicating’, ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or 
variations of such expressions may constitute 'forward looking statements'. These forward-
looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. These 
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, actions of regulatory authorities, regulatory 
changes pertaining to the industry in which we operate and our ability to respond to such 
changes, our ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, 
technological implementation and changes, the actual growth in demand for AMC’s products and 
services, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, impact of competition; the impact of 
changes in accounting standards, tax and other legislations and regulations in the jurisdictions 
where the Company has operations or which affect global or Indian economic conditions as well 
as other risks detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our holding company, with the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission. ICICI Bank Limited and we undertake no 
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date 
hereof. 

 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the ICICI 
Prudential Asset Management Company Limited's Earnings 
Conference Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026. 
Joining us today on the call from the company are Mr. Nimesh Shah, 
MD and CEO, Mr. Naveen Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. 
Abhijit Shah, Chief Marketing and Digital Business Officer, Mr. Vipin 
Bhandari, Senior Member from Business Team, and Mr. Harshil 
Sanghavi, Lead Investor Relations, who will be available to address 
your questions following our opening remarks.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then 
zero on your touchtone phone.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Naveen Agarwal, CFO of 
ICICI Prudential AMC Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to ICICI Prudential 
Asset Management Company Limited's earning conference call for 
the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026. I trust that you've had 
the opportunity to review our earnings presentation and the 
investor materials that have been shared on the Stock Exchange 
and are on our website.  
 
I'll start with a brief industry overview. The industry's quarterly 
average asset under management grew at 21.1% year-on-year 
and 0.7% sequentially in Q4 FY '26, reaching INR 81.62 trillion. 
Equity and equity-oriented quarterly average AUM, which 
commands the largest pie of the overall mutual fund industry, 
increased by 20.7% year-on-year and degrew by 0.4% quarter-on-
quarter to INR43.80 trillion. 

 
Page 3 of 22 
 
 
The decline can be attributed to challenging market conditions 
during the quarter, as reflected in declines across benchmarks and 
broad-based indices. For instance, Nifty 50 decreased by 14.5% 
from the levels of 26,130 at the end of December 2025 to 22,331 at 
the end of March 2026.  
 
During this quarter, equity category continued to be at the forefront, 
attracting net inflows of INR1.24 trillion. It is important to note that 
the industry level net flows in equity have seen a positive increase 
quarter-on-quarter despite of declining markets. The SIP 
contribution for the month of March 2026 amounted to INR32,087 
crores as compared to INR31,002 crores and INR25,926 crores in 
the month of December 2025 and March 2025 respectively. 
 
In the debt segment, quarterly average AUM grew by 14.6% year-
on-year. However, it degrew by 5.2% quarter-on-quarter, dropping 
from INR13.38 trillion in December 2025 to INR12.69 trillion in 
March 2026. Passive quarterly average AUM grew by 34.2% year-
on-year and 7.4% sequentially to INR14.52 trillion. Growth is 
primarily driven by gold and silver category. Industry saw an 
increase in unique customers which reached 61.4 million and this 
represents an increase of 13.2% year-on-year and 4.2% as 
compared to the previous quarter. 
 
I now hand over the call to Harshil for covering the performance of 
our company. 
Harshil Sanghavi: 
Thank you, Naveen. Good evening, everyone. For the quarter ended 
March 2026, our total mutual fund quarterly average AUM reached 
to INR11.05 trillion, which is up by 2.6% sequentially and 25.6% 
year-on-year, thereby maintaining our position as the second 
largest AMC with a market share of 13.5%. 
 
As of March 31, 2026, we continue to have the largest market share 
of 13.7% in active schemes with a quarterly average AUM of 

 
Page 4 of 22 
 
INR9.21 trillion. This reflects an increase of 1.3% as compared to 
previous quarter and 21.9% year-on-year. 
 
As of March 31, 2026, we continue to have the largest market share 
in equity and equity-oriented schemes of 14.2% with a quarterly 
average AUM of INR6.2 trillion. This reflects an increase of 27.2% 
year-on-year and 2% quarter-on-quarter. The quarter-on-quarter 
growth stands in contrast to the industry which has experienced a 
decline. The quarterly average AUM of our equity-oriented hybrid 
schemes amounts to INR2.18 trillion with a largest market share of 
26.7% as of March 31st, 2026. This reflects an increase of 4.5% 
quarter-on-quarter and 31.8% year-on-year.  
 
In the debt segment, our quarterly average AUM stood at INR1.99 
trillion, reflecting a growth of 15.6% year-on-year and a degrowth 
of 2.7% as compared to the previous quarter, which is in line with 
the industry trend. Our passive quarterly average AUM reached 
INR1.84 trillion, representing a growth of 48.3% year-on-year and 
10% sequentially. 
 
For FY 2026, our margin stands at 67 basis points for equity, 32 
basis points for debt, 12 basis points for liquid, 10 basis points for 
passive, and 30 basis points for arbitrage. As of March 31, 2026, 
we have a unique customer base of 17 million. In March 2026, our 
systematic transactions, which includes SIP and systematic 
transfer plans, increased by 1.3% to INR51.04 billion. This is up from 
INR50.37 billion in December 2025. This also marks a 30.6% rise 
from INR39.06 billion in the month of March 2025.  
 
The distribution mix of our mutual fund equity quarterly average 
AUM is as follows, where direct represents 28.9%, MFDs accounts 
for 36.7%, ICICI Bank share at 7.9%, other banks contribute at 11%, 
and national distributors accounts for 15.5%. Notably, our net flow 
market share in equity schemes exceeds our AUM market share.  

 
Page 5 of 22 
 
                                     We have launched two specialized investment funds, that is iSIF 
Equity ex Top 100 Long Short Fund and iSIF Hybrid Long Short Fund 
in January 2026. The total iSIF asset under management as on 
March 31st, 2026 is INR18.96 billion.  
 
Now let's move to our alternates business, which comprise equity-
focused PMS, offshore advisory, and alternative investment funds. 
For the March quarter end, our alternates quarterly average AUM 
stood at INR729.95 billion. Within alternates, our PMS quarterly 
average AUM de-grew by 1.7% sequentially due to mark-to-market 
and grew 26.7% year-on-year to INR268.27 billion. 
 
Our AIF quarterly average AUM of INR170.33 billion reflects a 
sequential growth of 7.1% and 47.3% year-on-year. For the year 
ended March 2026, the gross yield on our PMS and AIF business 
was 2.0% and the net yield, that is after reducing the fees and 
commission expenses attributable to PMS and AIF business, was 
0.98%. Yields on assets under advisory was 0.33% for FY 2026. 
 
Referring to our earlier disclosures with respect to ICICI Venture 
Funds, we would like to update that post the receipt of all the 
requisite approvals, the transfer of investment management rights 
for certain AIFs has been completed and the requisite document in 
this regard have been executed by the company and ICICI Venture 
Funds Management Company Limited. 
 
Accordingly, 
the 
company 
will 
be 
providing 
investment 
management services for such AIFs with effect from April 1st, 2026. 
These funds are anticipated to enhance our presence in alternates 
market and complement our existing alternate product offering 
such as private credit and real estate funds.  
 
We have established a retail FME branch presence in GIFT City. In 
February 2026, we launched an open-ended Category 3 AIF, ICICI 
Prudential Smart Navigator Fund, which is an inbound fund. This is 
our first offering in IFSC GIFT City.  

 
Page 6 of 22 
 
                                     On DIFC, in the last quarter, we have established our office in Dubai 
with a dedicated team in place.  
                                     I now hand over the call to Naveen for covering the financial 
performance of the company. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Thanks. Let's cover the financial performance for the quarter. Our 
operating revenue stood at INR15.17 billion, representing a growth 
of 19.5% year-on-year and 0.2% sequentially. Our operating net 
revenue mix please note this is net revenue mix from mutual fund 
was 90.65%, alternates 7.58%, and advisory was 1.77%. We have 
recorded a negative other income of INR0.89 billion for the quarter 
ended March 2026 due to the mark-to-market impact. 
 
Operating expenses amounted to INR3.89 billion, which was a 
decrease by 3.5% year-on-year and 3.9% quarter-on-quarter. Our 
operating profit before tax, which indicates the core profitability of 
the business, increased to INR11.28 billion. This represents a 30.2% 
increase year-on-year and 1.6% rise compared to the previous 
quarter. Profit after tax stood at INR7.63 billion, which is up by 
10.4% year-on-year and decreased by 16.8% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
Return on equity for the year ended March 2026 is at 85.8%. 
Additionally, the Board of Directors have declared a final dividend 
of INR12.4 per share, which is subject to shareholders' approval.  
                                         For the year ended March 2026, our gross yield stood at 52 basis 
points and net yield stood at 48.3 basis points. Net yield as you 
know is arrived at after reducing fees and commission expenses on 
PMS and AIF business, which is shown as an expense item in the 
P&L. 
 
For the year ended March 2026, our operating margin stood at 37.6 
basis points as compared to 35.9 basis points for the year ended 
March 2025.  

 
Page 7 of 22 
 
                                         As of March 31, 2026, we had an employee strength of 3,585.  
                                         Additionally, the NRC which met earlier today has approved the 
grant of ESOP and ESUs. The total non-cash estimated expenses 
using the Black-Scholes model is INR1.2 to INR1.3 billion, which will 
be amortized over the vesting period. 
 
The approximate debit to the P&L for FY27 would be INR640 to 
INR680 million, for FY28 it will be INR360 to INR400 million, and for 
FY29 it will be INR180 to INR220 million. The ESOP and ESUs will 
vest in the next three years from the date of the grant with a 
predefined vesting ratio. Thank you for your attention. I look 
forward to discussing our performance in more details and 
addressing any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain from 
Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes, hi. Good evening, everyone. Firstly, just structurally, how is the 
trend at the ground level shaping up with respect to flows on 
lumpsum, SIPs, while March data came out pretty strong, but that 
also has some spill over effect of February because there were 
towards the end of the month of February there were some lesser 
number of working days and that kind of spilled over to March as 
well. So what is the kind of ground level scenario with respect to 
SIP as well as lumpsum inflows on the equity side? If you can 
highlight that, that would be great. 
Nimesh Shah: 
See, our view on that is that now it is 18 months since equity returns 
have been quite subdued. And we also are looking every month 
with the kind of geopolitical uncertainty in India. People in the past 
have seen so many V-shape recoveries that as you know, in the 
month of March, while I agree with you there is a spill over and 
you've done a lot of analysis on that, people have been investing on 
the days the markets have been falling. 

 
Page 8 of 22 
 
 
So have there been inflows on those days? Yes, the inflows have 
been on those days. So till now, and I am using my words carefully 
over here, till now you don't see any, the trends that were there in 
March and April, and let us, and I agree with you with the spill over 
thing, so we should look at numbers on a quarterly basis. There is 
no much difference that we see between March and April, right? 
 
The trends that we had seen in February, March, the same 
behaviour is continuing. At the ground level, while we keep on 
cautioning people that what has happened in the last 10 years may 
or may not happen in the future, at the ground level, people are still 
quite looking at equity for the long term. That is what we feel. 
Sometimes when we caution people, people say, but okay, we are 
coming for the long term. 
 
So we continuously guide people, if you would have heard any of 
our calls, we guide people to take our dynamic asset allocation 
funds because there is so much uncertainty in the market. But 
depending on the risk level, people are selecting either dynamic 
asset allocation or straight equity also. That is, you will see it in the, 
you have been seeing it in the numbers. So there is no difference 
between what you have seen in March and what we see in the early 
April. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. And any comments on your inflow market share versus 
your back book market share, does it continue to trend higher than 
what the AUM market share? 
Nimesh Shah: 
Yes, that I think Harshil mentioned in his talk that our net flows 
market share in equity schemes exceeds our AUM market share. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay, great. Just a couple of book-keeping questions. One, if I look 
at the employee cost that has declined sequentially quite sharply. 
What's the kind of driver there? 

 
Page 9 of 22 
 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Hi, Naveen here. Yes, that's true. There has been a drop in the 
employee expenses. As I mentioned, you know, there is an ESOP 
and ESU grant which has happened. There has been no debit in the 
P &L for the same. The debit would come in future years and I've 
given that number. So that's the reason that you see a drop. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Basically, until Q4, Q3, there was some ESOP expenses that were 
getting accounted that has not come in Q4 and Q1 onwards again 
it will start. That's the right way to think, right? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
No, so there was a certain component in the employee 
compensation, which is now replaced by ESOP and ESU. So earlier 
in the P&L, you know, so from FY27 onwards, the numbers that I 
gave, that's what you would see on account of the ESOP and ESU 
debit. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got it, probably take this off-line. Yes, thanks. That's it for my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arun Kejriwal 
from Kejriwal Research and Investment Services. Please go ahead. 
Arun Kejriwal: 
Hi, good evening, sir. Just wanted to understand, March and a little 
bit of April have been exceptional months for all of us globally. Any 
lessons to learn from this kind of a turbulent period that would help 
us going forward? 
Nimesh Shah: 
As far as our business is concerned, right, we have been cautioning 
our, in every of the, any of the calls that we do with our distributors, 
do with our investors. We are no expert at geopolitics. But when 
the markets have corrected significantly, we have indicated to our 
distributors that slowly and the valuations in the Indian market is 
correcting, people are taking their calls based on their risk appetite 
to invest in equities or not invest in equities.  
So we have a range of products where people -- if people are not 
sure, they are coming in dynamic asset allocation products. And 

 
Page 10 of 22 
 
where they want to take, there are times where we have told people 
to come in dynamic asset allocation products, but they are saying 
no, now we are comfortable, we want to increase our equity 
allocation, we are coming in equity funds. So there are a variety of 
people, and as an AMC we need to have funds which suit each of 
the customer's preferences. 
Arun Kejriwal: 
Sir one small follow up on this, any change in asset allocation that 
you see from the man on the street in this kind of period? 
Nimesh Shah: 
No, in fact our valuation we release valuation metrics for since last 
so many years. In that the allocation towards equity has increased 
because of the current fall in the market and it depends there are 
too many factors to give a general reply on that. Based on the 
person how much equity allocation he has got today, he will decide 
whether he wants to go for complete equity products or dynamic 
asset allocation products that depends on the customer current 
asset allocation that he has as well as his views on the market.  
Arun Kejriwal: 
Right. Sir, thanks a lot for that. Appreciate your answers. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manas 
Agrawal from Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Manas Agrawal: 
Hi, can you guys hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. We can hear you loud and clear. 
Manas Agrawal: 
Yes. So couple of questions. One I was just looking at March AMFI 
industry data. So your large redemption in arbitrage funds is that a 
part like behaviourally are you seeing people withdraw from 
arbitrage and put in equity or that just to do with STT coming in, 
people have been advised to move money away from arbitrage so 
that is A. B is on the agreement with I think ICICI Ventures, how 
does that work you are getting AUM, are you going to give some 

 
Page 11 of 22 
 
consideration or is just transfer of the service contract, how does 
that work, so that is B those were my questions? 
Abhijit Shah: 
Hi, Manas. The first part I think the March is also closing for most 
corporates. So lot of these arbitrage money which is parked is then 
deployed and that’s the data and if you track March-on-March you 
will find that. On the second part Naveen will answer. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
On the second part Manas as we had disclosed earlier also it’s a 
business transfer that we are doing. We are taking over the 
investment management rights of specific funds of ICICI Ventures 
along with the team. There has been a consideration which we 
have paid which is not material and as you rightly said there is an 
AUM which will move over to us and those strategies and also the 
future launches that we do under those strategies would be done 
under ICICI Prudential AMC umbrella. 
Manas Agrawal: 
Understood. So this AUM get effective from what date or is it 
already there? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
So they already have an AUM. We start playing the role of 
investment manager on that AUM from 1st April 2026.  
Manas Agrawal: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mohit Mangal 
from Centrum. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. You are audible. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Yes. So, my first question is that we have few changes around 1st 
of April so just wanted to know your views that I mean yield wise 
do you see basically being incremental or neutral, anything on the 
flows if you can tell me that would be very helpful? 

 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Naveen Agarwal: 
I think on the flows generally in the industry we just answered. Are 
you referring to the changes from 1st April with respect to the TER? 
Mohit Mangal: 
Yes. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Yes. So, I think we mentioned it earlier also if you look at it from the 
regulatory change yes this is effective 1st April. So if we look at on 
a gross basis before any pay out there is an impact of 3 to 4 basis 
point. We have already identified certain steps and we are doing 
necessary discussions. We will have crystallized impact if any over 
the next two months and at that point of time we would be able to 
share it.  
Mohit Mangal: 
All right. Other question is that in terms of the AIF and PMS yield. 
So you said that it is 0.98% on net basis and if I look at previous 
quarter it was 0.91%. So that’s basically an increase of 7 basis 
points. So, if you can help me understand why there was an 
increase on a net basis? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
It is also a factor of mix. And also, sometimes, there are some other 
benefits, for example, exit charges or anything that you might get. 
But predominantly, it will also be a factor of mix. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. That's helpful. My last question is in terms of the 
market share in the unique investor. So, I think, you know, we have 
grown up higher than the industry. And that is kind of quite 
commendable. I just wanted to know that, say, if we assume that it 
has come mostly from Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities, is it our strategy to 
focus on newer customers in the industry? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
You're right. Our share of unique customer of the industry has 
grown. As you know, generally, a lot of new customers are coming 
through digital mode. They are coming from across India. They are 
coming from B30 as well. And we, as one of the largest players, 
obviously, you know, get advantage of it. Many of these customers 
migrate to us as well. 

 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Abhijit Shah: 
So, hi. Like Naveen said, the trend is secular in terms of growth, 
rather than looking at T30, B30, I think, you know, one should focus 
on the cohort of India from a demographic point of view. So the 
young Indians are looking at mutual funds as the main investment 
vehicle and not as an alternate investment vehicle. 
 
So, a lot of people in that cohort, the young first jobbers wanting to 
take care of their finances, looking at equity, direct equity, digitally. 
And these are digital natives largely. So that really is the focus area. 
And since AV being one of the oldest and largest mutual fund 
houses in the country, and also our investment on digital gives us 
that edge in terms of getting a large share of digital customers. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Okay. So it's fair to conclude that basically the FinTechs have a 
large role to play in your unique customers, right? 
Abhiijit Shah: 
Yes. Across the industry, that is the trend. FinTechs, new age 
distribution, you know, people who are growing the pie are 
responsible to get a lot of customers. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Okay. Just one last question. Any NFOs in the near future? 
Vipin Bhandari: 
Yes. So, hi. We are working with regulators on four to five ideas. 
Next month, we may launch one or two, depending upon approval 
from the regulator. 
Mohit Mangal: 
But those are in the equity or the ETF space? 
Vipin Bhandari: 
It would be across SIF and MF. 
Mohit Mangal: 
All right. Thanks and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Gaurav Jani 
from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Thank you. Three questions. The first is, there is a dip in the revenue 
yields, right, sequentially. So that will be entirely explained by the 
mixed change, right, towards ETF. Is that the correct assumption? 

 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Which number are you referring to? 
Gaurav Jani: 
The MF fees. There's a drop of, you know, about 1.5 bps, right, and 
the MF yield. So, I was kind of trying to reconcile that. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
So, if you see on the operating yield from the MF business itself, that 
has been pretty much the same. And in so far as equity yield is 
concerned, within mutual fund, if you see the equity, that is where 
you've seen a very marginal drop. 
Gaurav Jani: 
No, I was talking about the blended yield, right? That's come up 
from 47.5 to 46.1. So, a decline of 1.4 bps. I was just trying to 
reconcile that. So that would have been driven by the increase in 
the ETF mix, right, in the quarterly average year? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Correct.  
Gaurav Jani: 
Okay. Sure. The second is the staff cost, you know, just an extension 
to the question of the staff cost. So, this is the new run rate of the 
normalized staff cost, right? And to add to that, there will be the 
ESOP cost that will come through, the INR128 crores to INR130 
crores. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Yes. As I gave the schedule of how the ESOP cost would reflect in 
our P&L, you're right. You know, you need to see both of them 
together. And that is the total sense of the employee cost. 
Gaurav Jani: 
No. So, just to clarify to, you know, ex of ESOP, the staff cost, this is 
the run rate that we look at, right? And you may have increments 
on this number. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Correct.  
Gaurav Jani: 
Sure. Lastly, you know, the tax rate has gone up sequentially. Can 
you just elaborate as to why has that happened? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
That's also because of -- as you know, while at the business level, 
our tax is pretty much the same. But sometimes in the previous 

 
Page 15 of 22 
 
quarter, because of the other income on which we pay capital gains, 
blended rate could be lesser. But in this quarter, if there is no other 
income, the overall rate looks a little higher. 
Gaurav Jani: 
understood. Sure. Thanks. That's it from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Madhukar 
Ladha from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi, good evening, sir. Thank you for taking my question. So, can you 
give like the asset class wise yields for the different segments? I'm 
not sure whether you gave that. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
So, for FY26, on mutual fund equity, our margins are 67 basis point. 
For debt, it is 32 basis point. For liquid, it is 12 basis point. For 
passive, it is 10 basis point. And for arbitrage, it is 30 basis point. In 
addition, on the alternate side, as you know, there are two numbers 
there. 
 
So, on the gross yield for our PMS and AIF business was 2.0%. If 
you see the net yield, which is after reducing the fee and 
commission expenses attributable to PMS and AIF, it is 0.98%. And 
then we have the asset fund advisory, for which for FY26, our yield 
was 33 basis point. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Got it, sir. And one more, follow up. Your other expenses have 
actually gone up significantly in this quarter. Any particular reason? 
And what should be the sort of run rate that we should be looking 
at? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
See, other expenses includes a lot of heads. And it also includes 
some of the payments that we need to do on account of CSR and 
royalty. So, I think it is in line with the profit for the last year. On an 
yearly basis, you should see the number on an yearly basis rather 
than seeing it on a quarter to quarter. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Got it. Understood, sir. That's it on my side. Thank you. 

 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Abhijeet 
Sakhare from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Hi, good evening, everyone. My first question is, on the ventures 
business, if you could quantify the amount of AUM that is now free 
generating from next quarter onwards? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
So, I think we mentioned, see, there are three strategies that we are 
getting from them. One is the typical private equity that we 
understand. The second one is an early stage private equity. And 
the third one is on the affordable real estate. They already have 
funds which have been raised in all the three categories and which 
are in the deployment mode at various stages. Across the three 
strategies, the fee paying committed funds which are moving to us 
as of 1st April 2026, that number is INR46.28 billion. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
And any rough sense of what is the revenue yield on the book? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
It's pretty much in line with the industry. There's nothing specific 
that we can share. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Okay. And Naveen, also one more point, given that there are some 
moments in the opex line for next year, how should we think about 
the overall opex growth for next year? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
I think, you know, while we do not give any guidance for the next 
year, but typically in any business, you would see an opex growth, 
which is on a normalized basis. We expect in the normal course, the 
opex growth to be in the usual line of business. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Okay. And lastly, sorry, on the mutual fund revenue side, if you could 
just actually, you know, just quantify the mutual fund revenue 
numbers for this quarter and same quarter previous year? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
So for this quarter for mutual fund, our revenue is INR 48,414 
million. For the year. This is for the year. Sorry. This is for the year. 

 
Page 17 of 22 
 
And if you see a similar number for last year, it was INR 39,635 
million. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. All right. That's all I had. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Dipanjan 
Ghosh from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi. Good evening, sir. A few questions from my side. First, you know, 
in terms of the industry or for your company specific, if you can shed 
some color on the behavior of the SIP customer in the traditional 
distributed channels versus the newer channels during this current 
market downturn, both in terms of new additions and also in terms 
of churn or pauses or cancellations. Second, on your SIP book, is it 
possible to, at least on the equity part, break it down into the top 
two or three schemes we should be kind of getting money?  
Third question would be on the iSIF. In terms, in your presentation, 
you have mentioned that you have closed the year with around 
INR19 billion of AUM. So in terms of the new money that you have 
raised in the iSIFs, have you done some work in terms of whether 
existing customers from the PMS portfolio have transitioned 
towards some of these iSIFs or is it just fresh to true sort of 
customers out there?  
And lastly, now that Ventures is integrated into your company, for 
the next two years, in terms of new segments that you would want 
to kind of expand your product bouquet on the alternate side, if you 
can kind of give some direction on that. 
Abhijit Shah: 
So you have totally four questions. I think the fourth question, 
Naveen will take, and I will go on the three questions that you first 
asked on the mutual fund and iSIF side. Coming to the third 
question first, the customers on the iSIF are largely fresh. There is 
no migration/transition from the PMS because as you know, the 

 
Page 18 of 22 
 
ticket size for iSIF is 10 lakhs and the entry ticket size for PMS is 
about 50 lakhs.  
To your second question on flows or top for SIP, it is in line with the 
trend that we have. A lot of customers look at sectoral thematic 
funds. Our experience is, and from our point of view, and we have 
always been the proponents of asset allocation, dynamic asset 
allocation as a fund house, and which really helps customers. So we 
get a lot of flows on the multi-asset funds from a customer point of 
view.  
To your first question on texture and color, if I get it right, on SIP 
customers or new customers, it is in line. And like I mentioned 
earlier, customers who are young, customers who are first jobbers, 
customers who are looking to enter equity markets through the 
route of SIP are the ones coming through digital platforms, which 
are largely digital natives.  
On your specific question on how market behavior plays out on the 
customer texture and color? We see that ticket size is largely 
increased when the markets are down. People try to increase their 
SIPs. People try to look at it as an opportunity, and that's across the 
industry.  
So I hope I have answered the three questions that you had. On 
ICICI Ventures, Naveen. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Yes, so on ICICI Ventures, Dipanjan, if you see our product bouquet 
on the alternate side, we already have a very healthy practice on 
the listed equity where we have both the PMS and the closed-ended 
AIF. Apart from that, as you know, we already had from before in 
ICICI Pru AMC a private credit where we've had a series of funds.  
We also have real estate, and within real estate also we have 
multiple strategies. Both, one is on the office yield side and second 
is on the residential redevelopment side. And then in addition now 

 
Page 19 of 22 
 
with Venture, what we are getting is one is, as I mentioned the 
private equity, plus we are also getting an early stage private equity 
fund. Both of them have been raised and are in deployment mode.  
And then on the real estate, we would further beef up with an 
affordable housing fund that they have. So with this, we feel that 
the bouquet is quite vast and complete. But we'll keep evaluating 
and searching for opportunities where we can add.  
Abhijit Shah: 
Just to sum up what Naveen said, right from public markets to 
private markets, the whole product suite from a liquid fund to 
private equity is what we encompass. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Thank you for the comprehensive answers, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lalit Mohan 
Deo from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Lalit Mohan Deo: 
Hello. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Yes, Lalit, we can hear you. 
Lalit Mohan Deo: 
Yes, good evening, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, sir, first 
question was on the, sir like as you mentioned that in the current 
times, like there has been a strong growth on the fintech side. So 
could you give a color like how much the entire industry would be 
or of the fintechs and how much our market share would be in that 
same segment? 
Second, like if we look at the investment book, so there we are 
seeing that we have increased our investments in the other equity 
REITS and AIFs. So what would that be? And just lastly, like there 
has been some moderation in the SIP market share. So could you 
give us some reason like where we are losing some market share 
over there, if we are losing it? 

 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Abhijit Shah: 
So the first two questions we heard, maybe the third question will 
come to as we go on. On the first part, on the fintech, I think it's in 
line with the industry that fintechs contribute to the new customer 
growth. When it comes to number of customers, volumes, and 
upwards of 50%-60% customers across the industry come through 
fintechs. 
And we tend to also benefit being one of the largest players 
integrated with fintechs. On your second question on SIP flows, the 
data is there and March was better. Then from a quarter-on-
quarter perspective, SIP flows have been structural. So the third 
question we didn't get actually. 
Lalit Mohan Deo: 
So like in the investment book, sir, like we are seeing that there has 
been an increase in investments towards the other equity, AIFs, and 
the REITs side. So just wanted to understand the nature of that, 
those investments. Like the investment book, like the other 
INR4,000 crores, like our own investment book. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Yes. So of our investment book, the large component is on account 
of the seed money which needs to be deployed. Of the balance 
money, we keep looking for opportunities and depending on where 
we find opportunity, we would deploy. So there isn't any particular 
number with respect to any asset class. So what you're seeing is 
reflective of how we look at the numbers -- look at the deployment 
pattern as of now. 
Lalit Mohan Deo: 
Sure, sir. Yes, thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Shreyas 
Pimple from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Shreyas Pimple: 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I wanted to understand the 
yields on SIF side. I know it's a very small book currently. But are 
these yields similar to the mutual fund yields that we see? 

 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Yes. So, SIF effectively follows the same model as equity so far as 
the pricing is concerned. Its slab based on the corpus. So, yields are 
exactly the same as any other equity fund. 
Shreyas Pimple: 
Okay. So, if there is a debt-based SIF, will the yields be similar to 
debt mutual fund yields? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Yes, if that is the case, if it is debt-based, then it will be. 
Shreyas Pimple: 
Okay. Thank you so much. And the second question was on the 
passive side. Is it fair to say that in this quarter we have seen gold 
ETF and commodity ETF AUM not growing as much as equity index 
and equity ETF AUM growing because we have seen yields, overall 
yields going down. Is that assumption correct, sir? 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Yes. So, if we look at -- if we divide the analysis in two parts, one is 
if you look at for the year, you would see the share of gold and silver 
component in the passive having gone up. But if you look at this 
quarter versus last quarter also, there has been some incremental 
flows, but I think the increase has declined. The rate of increase has 
declined. 
Shreyas Pimple: 
Understood. Yes. Thank you so much. Those were my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Manish 
Ostwal from Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I have most of the questions 
already answered. I have only one question. To understand the 
retail investor behavior in this volatile times, I mean, in terms of 
incremental INR100 coming in terms of flow, how the money is split 
in the equity asset class like ETF to the active funds. If you give 
qualitative comment on that, it will be great, insightful for us. Thank 
you. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
I think we gave that number in our opening remark. We mentioned 
that if you look at only the equity category at the industry level for 

 
Page 22 of 22 
 
this quarter, the net inflows was INR1.24 trillion. This is only on the 
active side. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Okay, sir. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last 
question. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Naveen Agarwal for closing comments. 
Naveen Agarwal: 
Thanks a lot. We appreciate the interest by all of you. Thank you 
very much once again and wish you all a very good evening. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Prudential Asset Management 
Company Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
