 
 
 
 
 
 
February 15, 2026 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Code: 532321 
BSE LIMITED 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai–400 001 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
              Code: ZYDUSLIFE 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai–400 051 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the post results earnings call held on February 10, 2026, pursuant to 
regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the Listing Regulations, please find attached the 
transcript of the Company’s Q3 FY26 post results earnings call held on February 10, 2026. 
 
Please find the same in order. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, Zydus Lifesciences Limited 
 
 
Dhaval N. Soni 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. FCS7063 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
DHAVAL 
NARENDRA SONI
Digitally signed by DHAVAL 
NARENDRA SONI 
Date: 2026.02.15 19:10:34 
+05'30'

 
1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
“Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q3 FY26  
Post Results Earnings Call” 
 
February 10, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. SHARVIL PATEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. GANESH NAYAK - DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. TUSHAR SHROFF – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. ARVIND BOTHRA - HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED  
                                           MR. ALOK GARG - MD OFFICE, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q3 
FY26 Earnings Call. Please note, this call is being recorded. I now handover the 
call to Mr. Ganesh Nayak for opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Mr. Ganesh Nayak: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. It is my pleasure to welcome you all to our 
post results teleconference for the third quarter ended December 31st, 2025. For 
today's call, we have with us Dr. Sharvil Patel - Managing Director, Mr. Tushar 
Shroff – Chief Finance Officer, Mr. Arvind Bothra - Head of Investor Relations, 
and Mr. Alok Garg from the Managing Director's office.  
 
Let me talk about the key developments during the quarter.  
 
I am happy to inform you that we ended the calendar year with a strong double 
digit growth and operating profitability. All our key businesses contributed to the 
performance during the quarter. 
 
Let me take you through the financial performance for the quarter gone by. 
• We registered consolidated revenues of ₹68.6 billion, up 30% on a year-on-
year basis. Excluding acquisitions too, the base sustained double-digit growth 
with all key businesses delivering ahead of expectations. 
• EBITDA for the quarter stood at ₹18.2 billion, up 31% on a year-on-year basis. 
Our operating profitability continued to remain strong with an EBITDA margin 
of 26.5% during the quarter, up 20 basis points on a year-on-year basis. 
EBITDA margin for the first nine months of fiscal stood at 30.3%. 
• Net profit for the quarter, adjusted for the exceptional expense on account of 
the new labor code impact and acquisition related cost, was ₹11.1 billion, up 
9% year-on-year. 
Now let me take you through the operating highlights for the third quarter of 
FY26 for our key business segments. 
In the Pharmaceutical space,  
North America business, comprising of the United States and Canada, registered 
revenues of ₹28 billion during the quarter, up 16% year-on-year. The base US 
business continued to grow driven by sustained volume expansion and new 
products launched over the last 12 months. On the US generics front, we filed 18 
ANDAs, received 8 approvals and launched 4 new products during the quarter. 
On the US specialty front, we launched BEIZRAY (albumin-solubilized docetaxel 
injection), our first oncology 505(b)(2) product, further strengthening our 
specialty portfolio. 

 
3 of 19 
 
On the orphan and rare Disease front, in January’2026, we received final 
approval from the USFDA for Zycubo (copper histidinate). With this approval, 
Zycubo has become the first and only therapy approved for the treatment of 
Menkes disease, which is an ultra-rare disease. We now have 3 rare disease 
products being marketed by Sentynl. 
In Canada, we filed 5 ANDS, received 4 approvals and launched 1 new product 
during the quarter. 
In India, our branded formulation business sustained its growth trajectory with a 
robust 14% year-on-year growth outperforming the market growth for yet 
another quarter. The growth was driven by persistent traction in innovation 
products and the pillar brands. Chronic segment continued to grow at a faster 
pace driving the overall growth of the business. 
In terms of therapy performance, the business grew faster than the market in 
key therapies of Cardiology, Respiratory, Dermatology, Pain Management and in 
the super specialty areas of Oncology and Nephrology. On the super specialty 
front, we continue to retain leadership position in the Oncology therapy.  
Contribution of chronic portfolio has increased consistently over the last several 
years and stood at 45.3% as per IQVIA MAT December 2025, an improvement of 
560 basis points over the last 3 years.  
During the quarter we expanded our presence in the diagnostics area through a 
strategic collaboration with Myriad Genetics of the US, introducing 3 advanced 
tests, viz MyChoice, MyRisk, and Prolaris, and thereby strengthening the 
country's precision oncology ecosystem. 
International markets formulation business further accelerated its growth 
trajectory and posted revenues of ₹7.9 billion, with a strong year-on-year growth 
of 38%. The growth was broad-based with a demand-driven performance in both 
emerging markets and Europe, supported by focused execution. On a YTD basis 
as well, the business delivered 38% growth. 
On our Consumer Wellness business,  
We recorded revenues of ₹9.6 billion, up 113% year-on-year with full quarter of 
consolidation of Comfort Click business in this quarter. Excluding the impact of 
the recently acquired Comfort Click, the business delivered double-digit volume 
growth during the quarter, reflecting the underlying demand momentum. 
Comfort Click portfolio, that was acquired this year, continued to perform in line 
with expectations. The Comfort Click business deepened its portfolio with the 
launch of 4 adult gummy variants, one probiotic gummy variant for the kids and 
one Pure Himalayan Shilajit Resin, reinforcing its position in high-growth wellness 
categories. 

 
4 of 19 
 
Additionally, the WeightWorld brand advanced its European expansion by 
entering Poland, Finland, and Portugal, strengthening Comfort Click's regional 
footprint and unlocking access to fast-growing wellness markets. 
In the Medical Devices space,  
The business performed registered revenue of ₹3 billion. This was the first full 
quarter consolidation of our Amplitude Surgical’s business. 
On the Operations front – 
Our injectable manufacturing facility located at Jarod received the EIR with 
voluntary action indicated status from the USFDA post the inspection conducted 
in September’2025. Our oral solid Dosage formulations facility located in 
Ahmedabad SEZ (SEZ II site) received EIR with no action indicated status post the 
pre-approval inspection conducted in August’2025. 
 
This concludes the business review. I would now request Dr. Sharvil Patel to take 
you through the key drivers across businesses as well as initiatives in our 
innovation programs. Thank you.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you, Mr. Nayak, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am pleased to 
report that our core strategic pillars are delivering as intended. Our focus on 
supply chain resilience and stringent execution has allowed us to navigate 
market complexities effectively.  2025 
was 
a 
remarkable 
year 
for 
us, 
characterized by exceptional topline growth and healthy profitability.  
 
Our disciplined M&A and business development strategy has complemented 
existing businesses well and activated new growth engines that are already 
delivering tangible impact. Building on the seamless integration of LiqMeds and 
NIPL, which is the Ritebite Max Protein, our recent acquisitions of Amplitude, 
Comfort Click, licensing of biosimilars and our strategic biologics facilities will 
serve as key enablers of sustained, long-term growth for us.  
 
We continue to evolve our business model to go beyond the pill, prioritizing 
patient-centric outcomes through sustained R&D investments. This focus is not 
just about better healthcare, it's about creating superior value for everyone who 
has a stake in our success. 
 
In the US, our generics foundation is stronger than ever anchored by our diverse 
portfolio of internal and partner products. As we pivot to specialty, we are well 
positioned to drive further growth. We have identified and engaged key levers to 
expand our footprint, ensuring we bring highly differentiated, high-impact 
therapies to the market. This includes the 505(b)(2) pipeline of products 

 
5 of 19 
 
developed inhouse as well as through partnerships, leveraging LiqMeds portfolio 
and broadening access to 3 pediatric disease products by Sentynl. 
 
In the US biosimilar space, we have attained a critical milestone with the 
licensing of 2 large molecules, Pembrolizumab and Ranibizumab. We shall 
leverage the recently acquired biologics manufacturing facility in the US to 
accelerate our proprietary pipeline while maximizing capacity utilization through 
our continued supply of BOT/ BAL to Agenus and the onboarding of new 
partners.  
 
Looking ahead, we are particularly optimistic about the upcoming NDA filing for 
our molecule Saroglitazar in the US market. This is a pivotal milestone that will 
not only catalyze our next phase of growth but also solidify Zydus’ position as an 
innovation-driven leader in the specialty pharmaceutical space. 
 
Turning to our India formulations business, our branded portfolio has 
consistently outperformed the market for several quarters. We are accelerating 
this momentum by sharpening our focus on our core therapeutic areas. Our 
commitment to patient-centric innovation has yielded a robust pipeline of novel, 
differentiated products that not only address significant unmet needs but also 
serve as a foundation for sustained long-term value creation. 
 
On International Markets formulations business, spanning both emerging 
markets and Europe, it has delivered strong double-digit growth over the past 
several quarters. In emerging markets, we are driving growth through our 
therapy-led approach, tailoring offerings to local needs and building a more agile 
market responsive portfolio. Whereas in Europe, our priority is to broaden our 
portfolio offerings and strengthen our market coverage. 
 
Our strategy for Consumer Wellness is centered on making wellness a natural 
extension of the consumer's journey. The acquisition of Comfort Click has 
uniquely positioned us with a strong presence in both India and Europe's 
developed markets, enhancing diversification and growth potential. With the 
addition of Comfort Click, we have reached a critical inflection point. This move 
not only expands our global footprint but also secures a leadership position in 
the rapidly evolving digital world. Using these capabilities, we are building a 
sustainable, scalable wellness framework designed to deliver superior long-term 
returns. 
 
On the MedTech front, we achieved an important milestone with the CE mark 
approval for our proprietary Andy robotic surgical system. This confirms its 
compliance with European standards for safety, performance and quality. 
 
 

 
6 of 19 
 
 
With this, let me share some material developments on our innovation efforts 
during the quarter. 
On the NCE front, as I mentioned, we plan to file Saroglitazar Magnesium with 
the USFDA for PBC indication. 
In the Biotech R&D space, we received regulatory approval in India to initiate 
Phase III clinical trials of our second biosimilar ADC. 
On the vaccines front, we initiated a Phase II trial for Bivalent Typhoid Conjugate 
vaccine in India. And our global vaccine strategy is now playing out as recently 
we have been awarded the tender to supply rabies vaccine to PAHO for Latin 
American countries and the typhoid conjugate vaccine to UNICEF for low and 
middle-income countries. 
On the 505(b)(2) front, we have entered into an exclusive licensing and 
commercialization agreement for a novel sterile 505(b)(2) product in the area of 
supportive oncology care. And the NDA for the product is expected to be filed 
with the USFDA in 2026. This will allow us to have a second launch. 
And now we can start with the Q&A session. Over to the coordinator for the 
Q&A.  
 
Question & Answer Session: 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. We will now open the call for Q&A session. We will wait for a few 
minutes until the queue assembles. We request participants to restrict to 2 
questions and then return to the queue for more questions. Please raise your 
hand from the ‘Participant’ tab on the screen for asking the question. 
 
The first question is from Neha Manpuria.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Yeah, thanks for taking my question. My first question is on the Agenus deal. 
Now that we have completed the acquisition of the asset. As Sir you mentioned 
in your opening remarks that initially there will be supply of BOT, BAL before we 
start onboarding customers. In true sense, when should we start assuming 
revenue from the CDMO business? Would it be FY27 the latter half, FY28 or 
could it take some more time? 
 
And, you know, let's say over a 3-4 year period, how big can the CDMO business 
be for us under Agenus?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, thank you, Neha. So, I think you'll see the commercialization start from the 
second half of FY27 when we start supplying BOT, BAL. In the meantime, we are 
obviously getting the facilities qualified and we'll go with the portfolio of both. 
But I would say the commercialization will be second half of FY27. 

 
7 of 19 
 
 
 
 
In terms of scaling up of the CDMO business, it will take at least 2-3 years. 
Obviously, one milestone will be how BOT, BAL moves forward in its clinical and 
regulatory journey. And we're quite optimistic with the traction it is seeing in 
Europe and also the trial how they're moving. And then obviously, further 
addition of new CDMO business. So, in the next 2-3 years, say, we would have a 
meaningful Bio CDMO business.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Are we quantifying, Sir, what this meaningful would be? I mean, would it be, let's 
say, 50 or 70, 100 million? I mean, what can be the number that we could look at 
from this facility?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
 No, it will be little higher than that.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
All right, okay. My second question is on the cost. Now, obviously we saw the full 
consolidation of Comfort Click and Amplitude in this quarter. We'll probably 
have, you know, the CDMO cost coming through and then we have Saro next 
year. So, if I were to look at FY27, you know what should be a good cost estimate 
that we should look at? I mean, from the current if I were to strip out the R&D 
number, I think we're close to about, ₹1,600-₹1,650 crores. So, roughly what 
would be this number on a run rate basis in FY27? And when should we start 
seeing the Saro commercialization cost, the MR, etc., that cost?  
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
Hi Neha, this is Tushar. Yeah, so our current run rate in terms of other expenses, 
excluding R&D expenditure for this particular quarter, and what we expect is 
about ₹1,750-₹1,800 crores excluding R&D spend. But, the Agenus expenses will 
be, you know, we are expecting that to be around 20 million on other expenses. 
So, we'll have to see that in terms of on annualized basis if it is about 20 million, 
how the phasing is going to happen. But our current run rate is expected to be 
about ₹1,750-₹1,800 crores, excluding R&D opex. 
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
And this includes the 20 million from Agenus and the Saro cost that we will incur, 
right? 
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
No, this does not include that. 
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Oh, the ₹1,750-₹1,800 crores is excluding the Agenus and Saro costs?  
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
Yeah, the Saro, any kind of a launch specific expenses is not included in this. 
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
And when would we start seeing that, given that we will file the product now, 
you know, probably by earliest, if we expect launch in end FY27, fiscal 27, should 
we start assuming some cost coming through in 27  or it will largely be a 28 sort 
of, you know, cost where we see for Saro? 

 
8 of 19 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, 27 we'll see a meaningful cost on Saro. 
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Okay, and we are not quantifying that at the moment? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, I think, as I said, it will slowly ramp up because it depends once on filing and 
how we are going ahead with the hiring and other strategic initiatives. So, it's too 
early to give a guidance but it will be meaningful but it will be building up as we 
move through the year.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
All right. Thank you so much. 
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
So, I think, Neha, the idea is that once we are able to close on the budget and 
other things, probably Q4 will be the better time for us to give you the better 
guidance.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria:  
Okay, that's helpful, Tushar. Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Saion Mukherjee.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Sir, the R&D cost has gone up 
significantly this quarter. Can you just explain? And, you know, your comment 
mentions around maybe ₹100 crore plus increase in other expense in the 
quarters ahead, what is going to drive this further increase? Is it R&D or 
something else which will drive that number?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thanks Saion. So, R&D, as I said, we expect a 7.5%-8% of our revenue for FY26. 
That's what we guided for. There is always lumpiness to R&D in the third quarter, 
which is October-December quarter. And also then the different clinical trials 
that are going on for biologics and others. So, it's generally that lumpy. And 
we've seen that in the last year same quarter as well. But, yeah, we are guiding 
towards the 7.5%-8% for this financial year.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay-okay. My second question is regarding international market where we have 
seen significant growth in the recent past. If you can give some color what 
happened like over the last 4-5 years, you know, the business has almost tripled? 
And how should we think about it going forward?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I would say, as I said, there are 2-3 things. One is the key focus on the 
markets and doubling down on the branded space in the EM space with CVS. I 
mean, CNS being the most important part and then we also expanded to some 
other metabolic disorders including pain. So, that's helping us. So, while there 
have been up and down that have happened in different markets but, overall, I 
think markets have done very well in terms of growth. 
 
The second is expanding our access to more markets with the quality of filings 
that we have and the products that we have, where we are many times semi 

 
9 of 19 
 
exclusive or exclusive because of the technology, we are seeing good traction to 
execute new markets in terms of launch. 
 
And Europe, which was going through a challenge for us in the last 3 years, in the 
last year and this year have done meaningfully better and they're significantly 
scaling up their business, with both reach as well as the product portfolio 
growing. And that's also helped the overall business in terms of growth. 
 
And I would say also that all the new markets that we entered like UK and some 
of the markets in EM, all of them have significantly tracked better than 
expectations, both on revenue and margins. So, that has led to the overall 
growth. So, I would say a lot of it led by good portfolio, which is there, which we 
are accessing for these markets, and then a very strong execution in the market.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
So, you see this as sustainable like at least double-digit growth to continue in the 
coming 2-3 years?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, we see meaningfully 20% plus growth continuing for the near future.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay. And, Sir, just one last question on the US, if you can comment on Revlimid, 
whether it was large, low this quarter? And also on Mirabegron, there are some 
news of settlement by Lupin. So, how should we think about the landscape on 
Mirabegron, which is a big contributor for you currently in the US?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, yeah, on Revlimid, as I said, every quarter the trajectory is on a downward 
trend. And even in this quarter gone by, it's a very small part of the overall 
business now. And we won't see anything in the next quarter. So, we have sort of 
completed our business, sort of, so to say, FY26 on Lenalidomide. And, so, by and 
large this quarter is gone and next quarter we will not see anything. 
 
With regard to Mirabegron, the trial started as of Monday, on 9th, Feb, with jury 
selection. The party will start presenting the case on Tuesday, which is Feb 10th. 
And the court has directed the parties for mediation while the trial is proceeding. 
So, that's where we are today.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Sir, any comment on possible competitive landscape here over the next year or 
so?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, I mean, it's difficult to say. Look, Lupin has settled from what we hear today 
morning. So, there is some writeup there. But I would still refrain from saying 
anything till after the trial or after the mediation.   
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay, thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Bino. 

 
10 of 19 
 
Mr. Bino: 
Hi, good morning. Sharvil Bhai, just to follow up on the previous question, what is 
the outcome of the trial? Or let me put it this way, is there any sort of outcome 
of the trial by which this opportunity of Mirabegron can stay exclusive to current 
players in the market for next 3-4 years?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
As I said, the trial is just about to start, it will be better to not comment on that 
outcome right now.  
Mr. Bino: 
Got it. On this Keytruda partnership that you have got into, are you expecting 
this to be the first biosimilar to market to Keytruda?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, in terms of the product that we have licensed, I think from public domain it is 
also known that this company is the furthest ahead in terms of both the clinical 
trial and the revised clinical trial guidelines. Actually, they shaped that almost, 
you know, way of in terms of how this will move forward. So, they are furthest 
ahead in terms of the clinical development and FDA guidance that the firm has 
received. So, we are also hoping that we do get to file as the first biosimilar and 
potentially also find a meaningful opportunity for launch being the first filer.  
Mr. Bino: 
Understood. And, again, from public sources, it seems that Keytruda key patents 
are expiring in 2028, 2029. You know, without any explicit guidance, is that 
roughly the timeline around which we could target the launch?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, we would be prepared with the kind of timelines that IPDA and others are 
saying and even the commentary that we heard from various sources. So, we 
would want to be prepared for that time.  
Mr. Bino: 
Understood. And one last question on Jardiance empagliflozin. I believe we are 
one of the first-to-file. So, do we have any chance of like, is it going to be any 
materially meaningful product for us, even if it is a couple of years out?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I would say, overall, we do have had a good success in terms of first-to-file 
and also settlement. So, we do see a lot of good pipeline of products coming 
through, including Empa. But also importantly even in the year gone by, we have 
filed almost 4-5, again, sole exclusive first-to-file. So, it's probably been one of 
the best years for Zydus in terms of sole first-to-file opportunities that we have 
seen. So, we are quite excited with the prospect of future pipeline that we will 
get to launch.  
Mr. Bino: 
Sorry, I didn't understand. Is Empa going to be a sole opportunity for you or will it 
be shared?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No-no, Empa is not a sole but, as I said, beyond that also, we have filed at least 4 
sole first-to-file this year.  
Mr. Bino: 
Understood. Okay, thanks. I will join back the queue.  

 
11 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nitin Agarwal. Hi, Nitin, can you hear us? 
Mr. Nitin: 
Hello?  
Moderator: 
We move on…Yeah, Nitin, can you hear us? 
Mr. Nitin: 
Yeah-yeah, I can hear you. So I was just saying, Sir, in the US, with Revlimid not 
being there from the next quarter onwards, as you guided, and some of our 
major first-to-file also kicking in the second half of the year, how should we think 
about the US business growth for the interim next 3-4 quarters?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we have guided that we will still see growth in the US in the coming year. In 
fact, even in FY’26, in at least the calendar year we have seen 11% volume 
growth for our US Business. While the market has grown at 1 %, we have grown 
at 11 plus % on the volumes, so which is also helping. So, both the base business 
is robustly growing, we still continue to launch meaningfully a lot of products in 
the US and will continue in this year also. And then, as I said, as the year comes 
nearer to the end, we'll have some exclusive launch also. So, we will see a good 
growth continue in the US generics business. 
Mr. Nitin: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Surya Patra. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Yeah, thank you for this opportunity, sir. I will just extend my question on the US 
growth side. Sir, what are the key triggers that you are facing as the growth 
driver for, let’s say, the next one or two years? And when we talk about the 
speciality opportunities, we have already seen this rare disease products also 
that is there in the US market already. So, considering all that how big the 
speciality contribution would be to the US? And how significantly it can ramp it 
up, what do you think? And what other trigger that you find for the US growth 
for the next 2 years? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, in the next, medium term, in the next two years, obviously, we have very 
important launches, 4 to 5 sizable launches that we will get to see. And 
somewhere we are sole exclusive in the market. Beyond that obviously, we have 
plans to launch 40 to 45 plus products in FY’27 and we’ll continue to have a large 
growth trajectory going forward as well. And then the whole 505(b)(2) franchise 
of liquids, as well as, the supportive onco product like BEIZRAY. As I said, we 
hope to file one more soon with a partner and also potentially launch it in a 
year's time. So, all of that will lead to adding further value on that and we just 
licenced Ranibizumab, also biosimilar. So, we also see that in the second half of 
the year, a launch of that. So, overall, I would say the speciality / 505(b)(2) 
pipeline will grow very well with biosimilars entering also. Beyond that obviously 
Sentynl has just launched Zycubo and we'll see a good year for Sentynl in the 

 
12 of 19 
 
coming year. So, that part of the speciality business will also meaningfully track. 
And as I said, our generics business continues to do well. We had 11% volume 
growth in spite of what the market is, and that likely will continue. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Okay. So here price erosion is the single digit, that is how one should consider, 
sir, when you say 11% volume growth? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, I mean other than Lenalidomide and others, single digits. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Okay. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Sorry, can you repeat that? 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
So, when you say 11% kind of volume growth, price erosion should be single 
digit, that is what one should believe? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Okay, my second question is on the margin scenario, going ahead. See a couple 
of factors that is likely to play out, see, obviously the Lenalidomide factor. Well, 
secondly the R&D, higher R&D spend that we are likely to see and the blended 
margin implication of the two larger acquisitions what we have recently seen, 
‘Amplitude’ as well as the ‘Comfort Click.’ I think that is a on a blended basis 
margin is lower than the current margin scenario or our reported margin, our 
base business margin, excluding Revlimid. That is the kind of margin what the 
acquisitions would be having. So, given that there is a kind of a visible pressure 
on the margin on the subsequent quarters, that is it looks like. Any sense or any 
commentary on that? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think, we have had exceptionally high margin, much significantly higher than 
even any industry margin that is existed in  FY’26. If you look at going forward 
Lenalidomide that we will see, in Quarter 4, which would probably see very little 
growth or no sale also on Lenalidomide, we still expect a 23% plus margin. And 
so, I think, while we, yes, you're right CCL will have lower margins, overall 
consumer business next quarter which is a bigger quarter, will have lower 
margins and Amplitude has a little, I mean, it's near to it, but similar margin. We 
will still track at 23% plus margin in the Quarter 4. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Okay, so just one clarification, sir. This Amplitude, what is the like-to-like growth 
that we would have seen in this quarter? Whether the MedTech revenue what 
we have reported it is purely Amplitude or something else also that is included 
there? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
It’s that plus some cardiovascular sales as well. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Okay, and what is the like-to-like growth in the Amplitude, sir? 

 
13 of 19 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, it's high single-digit growth for the like-to-like business. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Sure, sir. Yeah. Thank you. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from Bino. 
Mr. Bino: 
Hi. Thanks again. Just following up on the product Palbociclib, which we have in 
licensed, is it, as of today, an FY’27 opportunity or an FY’28 opportunity? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
The first part I missed, when you said licensed. 
Mr. Bino: 
Yeah, Palbociclib which we have in licensed, I believe there was some patent 
pediatric extension which was awaited. So as of now would it be a FY’27 
opportunity or a FY’28 opportunity? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, that we can't answer because if the pediatrics exclusive is granted then it will 
be  FY’28, otherwise it could be  FY’27. 
Mr. Bino: 
Okay. And Riociguat continues to be  FY’27 opportunity, right? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Mr. Bino: 
Got it. And one last question on this product Enzalutamide Xtandi, is that a 
material product for us, whenever it comes? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I'll ask Arvind to come back to you on that specific product.  
Mr. Bino: 
Okay. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
….because I don't have the correct….Yeah. 
Mr. Bino: 
Thank you. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from Saion Mukherjee. 
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Yeah, thanks for the follow-up. Just a couple of questions on India. I think the 
growth that you are reporting, would it be fair to assume, is it that a fair bit of it 
is being contributed by Saroglitazar , Desidustat and your Biosimilar portfolio? 
And in that context, like, how should we think about these products growing, 
because I think this year has been a good step up, particularly for Desidustat. 
Where do you see these brands, you know the peak sales potential, particularly 
for Saro and Desidustat? And are there any patent risks that we need to be 
worried about, on these products over the next 3-4 years? 

 
14 of 19 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
On the patent risk, No. We have a longer patent life. In terms of traction, yes, our 
innovative portfolio is growing much faster. It's growing at 23 plus%. But also, 
our growth booster brands which are those 30 odd brands that we focus on, are 
also growing at greater than 13 %. So, I would say, overall the portfolio is tracking 
very well. And as this products scale up like Saro, Desi, also our biologics portfolio 
business also, we'll see a better trajectory on that. You know, Saro is already 
overall a 450 plus crore franchise as a molecule and we see very strong, very 
significant strong growth continuing for the franchise. So, we're quite bullish on 
Saro. Also, for Desi similarly, we only see stronger traction going forward. And so, 
I think from that point of view, yeah, the patented molecules are doing very well. 
The biologics are also doing extremely well. And as I said, even beyond that our 
growth booster brands, which are beyond these are also tracking significantly 
better than market. And  vaccines and other business also, which is separate. 
Yeah. 
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay, okay. Sir, just on mentioned about some tender wins on vaccines, so how 
large are this potential and when should we pencil in these revenues in our 
models? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, this year, we have definitely grown very well and next year also, we have a 
very significant growth expectation on vaccine. In the India public tender market, 
we had won last year, FY’26, the MR tender, which is a hundred plus crore 
already opportunity that we have realized on a single product. Also very strong 
traction on our Flu vaccine, which is also gaining meaningfully, and we hope to 
become the largest flu player in India very soon. And the rabies vaccines have 
done extremely well in the Indian market as also with pre-qualification. Icing as 
we get to the global tenders, you know, obviously there are, we're starting off on 
some of them, so the initial starts are small, but as we get into the second year, 
third year the supplies go up. So, as I said, we eye very strong value out of 
vaccines. In the next 3 to 4 years we want to have a thousand crore plus business 
on vaccines, for sure. And that's what we are conservatively aiming for. 
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay, okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Bansi Desai.  
Ms. Bansi Desai: 
Yeah. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Sharvil bhai, my question to you is on our 
M&A Strategy. So, you had earlier outlined, you know, that you would want to 
scale up US Specialty through inorganic opportunities. And therefore, if you could 
provide an update on the progress of this strategy and the nature of assets that 
you are prioritizing in terms of therapy areas or commercial stage of these 
assets? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, in the US, as I said, yes, we are looking to how do we diversify and have more 
specialty driven business. So, it's a meaningful…I mean, I think the couple of 

 
15 of 19 
 
meaningful things that have happened for us is, obviously, the launch of Zycubo, 
which is our third specialty drug or a rare disease drug that has happened. We do 
see traction to being able to find more of these opportunities in the next year or 
two. We hope to at least get one or two deals almost every year. So that's one 
BD&L  opportunity and licensing and we've done well so far and we continue to 
track well in terms of getting more leads. Beyond that, obviously, we're building 
the 505(b)(2) specialty space with supportive onco as the key area that we are 
focusing on. And we want to push for that further. I think the biosimilar launches 
will also aid to that. Ranibizumab will also be a type of specialty launch in the in 
the US market. So, we are excited with that opportunity also, as we move 
forward. So overall, yes, the specialty business will continue to grow and then 
finally for our Saroglitazar part of the portfolio, once we come near to launch, we 
are hoping to find more assets to add to Saro, both mostly commercial assets. 
And we continue to track and see what we can look for and, but it will be in the 
liver hepato-gastro space adjacency or at least any niche adjacencies in major 
diseases. So, it will be mostly specialty driven portfolio acquisition, if we are able 
to do. 
Ms. Bansi Desai: 
And any plans to augment this, you know via assets which have commercial 
infrastructure or capabilities around that? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, that is also a way we are looking at it. 
Ms. Bansi Desai: 
All right. And my second question is on India. You know, given our innovative 
brands are doing well, our chronic mix is going up, we will also see potentially 
GLP-1 launches, so fair to assume that our India business should track that 
double-digit growth for the next 2-3 years, based on the portfolio that we have 
today? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, I think, we have a strong momentum for our innovative brands. Also, we will 
have Sema launch, as well as, many other interesting first day one launches in 
the market. Also, future more proprietary new drugs to come. So, we are quite 
bullish on double-digit growth for India. 
Ms. Bansi Desai: 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from Devang Sarawgi. 
Mr. Devang Sarawgi: 
Good morning, Sir. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Good morning. 
Mr. Devang Sarawgi: 
We secured shareholder approval for Rs. 5,000 crore QIP back in December. 
Given that 2 months have already passed, could you clarify if the fundraising is 
strictly contingent on any acquisition or we are waiting for better market 
conditions to minimize dilution? 

 
16 of 19 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
It is mostly contingent on, if we get to see any major opportunity. As I said, our 
internal accruals are, I mean, and cash flows are sufficient for us to continue to 
do what we need to do without fund raise. Fund raise is an enabling provision for 
us to use if we feel that we need to, provided we can see any meaningful 
acquisition. 
Mr. Devang Sarawgi: 
And secondly, if you can provide any clarity for Mirabegron litigation? What 
should we assess the maximum risk limit for the product? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
As we speak, we are in litigation. So, I don't think we will be able to make any 
comments for now. 
Mr. Devang Sarawgi: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a follow-up from Surya Patra. Hi Surya, 
requesting you to unmute and ask your question. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Yeah, thank you, Sir. Just wanted to understand how important this Myriad 
Genetic collaboration will be for us? And what is the opportunity that we are 
trying to target here? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, you know, we had earlier already licensed one opportunity in the liquid 
biopsy space with Guardant and that's tracking extremely well in India. And the 
liquid biopsy business for Guardant which Zydus is exclusively managing is doing 
extremely well. This will significantly add to that capability on creating more 
opportunity and access for patients to test for genetic disorders as well as…. not 
genetic, for genetic conditions with related to cancer and others. So, this I think, 
our views in the next 2 to 3 years, this would be a very meaningful business, 
sticky business for the company. It's already tracking very well with just CanAssist 
and the liquid biopsy business. And this would significantly add further 
opportunity for the company. Beyond that, obviously, we create a very strong 
patient angle to how we manage the whole ecosystem or for cancer, for both the 
oncologist, as well as, the cancer patient, in terms of giving them additional 
opportunities for them to test and early diagnose. So, I think all of that will lead 
to us continue to be the largest Indian oncology player as we intend to be. But 
also, not only be the largest, but also create more value for the patient. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Second one, just a clarification further again on the GLP-1. I believe, we had 
mentioned earlier that we may not be there in the first wave of 
commercialization in India or emerging market because our product could be 
slightly differentiated product than the pure plain vanilla generic of Semaglutide. 
So, if you can clarify sir, because you have got the approval from the CDSCO 
about your generic version. So, what strategy that you are likely to play here? 

 
17 of 19 
 
And what is your manufacturing arrangements or partnership arrangements for 
GLP-1? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think Surya, there may have been some misunderstanding, we will be in the 
first wave of launches, when it comes to India launch. We will also be partnering 
with at least 2 or 3 companies, who will use Zydus’ Sema to launch. So, we are 
definitely in the first wave. We already have marketing authorizations and all of 
that. So, that is happening in terms of, and that will be with our novel 
formulation. In terms of other markets, as I said, we are saying we are not in the 
first wave when it comes to other markets, but probably in the next 12 months, 
we will enter those markets also. But in India, definitely, we will be on day one, 
post IP. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
What is the novelty that we are talking about here? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we have a new formulation where it's a very significant ease to the patient in 
terms of use. Also, there is a very meaningful benefit in terms of cost because 
today, we have in, typically for weight loss, you have to shift from the first four 
weeks to the next four weeks with a different dose and that means a different 
pen device. For us, we have a…. and we don't need to make any changes from 
the initial dosing to the higher dosing. With the same device it continues. So, it 
will definitely add significant ease of use for the patient, much less complexity for 
patients to learn 2 devices. Also, the supply chain wise, it becomes much easier, 
because you're not carrying 2 different devices for early first four weeks and then 
the future. So, all of that is going to lead to very meaningful, I would say, patient 
burden being lowered in terms of understanding and use and carrying and also in 
terms of supply chain, also convenience of dosing. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Okay. Okay. Just last one-point Sir. On the finance cost side, we are having the 
cash balance as well as the debt. So that's why the interest cost is being a kind of 
a sequential rise. So, generally, what is the kind of a thought process here going, 
when we think about FY’27 and beyond? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, on our net debt basis, we are 3,000 crores of debt, as of now, and I would say 
that's because of, obviously, the large acquisitions that we have done recently. 
But I think, we are more than comfortable in terms of our net debt position. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Okay. Okay. Yeah. Thank you, Sir. Wish you all the best. 
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Gaurav Tinani. 
Mr. Gaurav Tinani: 
Yeah. Hi. Good morning. So, first questions, on the biosimilars strategy. Firstly, on 
Ranibizumab, just want to understand the landscape right now. I believe, Sandoz 
was also selling, or was in a partnership with Formycon for Ranibizumab, but 

 
18 of 19 
 
then they kind of withdrew from the market. Now, we've also got into an alliance 
with Formycon. So, do we see the commercial landscape still attractive and do 
we see this as, you know, Sandoz, when can they re-enter the market and when 
can Zydus enter the market here, please? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, as I just said, we hope to enter by the second half of the year. That's where 
we are planning for launch. There is definitely an opportunity where there is not 
enough biosimilars available on Ranibizumab in the market and we see that as an 
opportunity. 
Mr. Gaurav Tinani: 
Sir, so, Sandoz had, you know, almost a 48% share and they still withdrew from 
the market. Now, you know, any read through from there, why did they 
withdraw from the market and now we've also taken Formycon's product. So, 
you know, why did Sandoz withdraw the market and….. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, I don't have…..regulatory reason, maybe a commercial reason. I don't know. 
Mr. Gaurav Tinani: 
Got it. Got it. Okay. Secondly, for biosimilar Keytruda, you know, the next clinical 
milestone in terms of the Phase-1 study completing, when can we expect the 
readout for that? Do you see that in H1 of this calendar year, H1 of CY’2026? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, we will see it in this year. I mean this calendar year. 
Mr. Gaurav Tinani: 
This calendar year, okay. Got it. And if the study is successful, in the press release 
we've also mentioned that we can use Agenus's facility for manufacturing in the 
future. Now the initial filing on successful study, will that include Agenus site or 
that will include an alternate site initially for Formycon and then Agenus site will 
be included subsequently. Any readout on that, please? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No. Currently, Formycon manufactures it in a European facility and we are going 
to file as a primary filing through that. Subsequently, we will evaluate as a second 
source filing, whether we need to, we will use our US facility. But currently, the 
BLA application will be submitted through the European site. 
Mr. Gaurav Tinani: 
Got it. Last question. I think, we've guided for 23% plus margins in Q4 of this 
year. With next year, the US growing, emerging markets growing 20% plus, India 
also going in double digits, any guidance for EBITDA margins for next year? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think, as I said, the best is for us to give you the next quarter guidance and I 
think as we start the next financial year, we will probably come out with better, 
more near-term guidance. But right now, I would say, the nearest guidance is, we 
will be in the fourth quarter, despite no revenue on Lenalidomide, we will see a 
23% plus margin. 
Mr. Gaurav Tinani: 
Okay, Sir. Thank you. All the best. 

 
19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We wait for a few minutes until the queue assembles. Requesting 
participants to please raise their hand from participant tab on the screen to ask 
question. As there are no further questions, we take a follow-up question from 
Gaurav Tinani. 
Mr. Gaurav Tinani: 
Yeah. Sorry, one last question. So, as we are building in, you know, slight ramp-
up in other expenses ex R&D which we guided earlier in this call, what would be 
the key levers for this higher OPEX spec? Would there be a field force dedicated 
for GLP? Would there be a field force for biosimilars driving this or would there 
be you know, marketing spend in Comfort Click or additional field force in 
Amplitude driving this? Any read through for that, please? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
None of those. It's the acquisitions that have led to, obviously, some of the 
higher base being created. But there is no addition of field forces in the current 
acquisition or the current businesses. Future, Saro will have a commercial team, 
which is not baked in yet. 
Mr. Gaurav Tinani: 
So, the biosimilar field force for Rani would be the same which we use for the 
505(b)(2) products? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah. This largely in the same number of people we have. We'll reorganize a little 
bit. 
Mr. Gaurav Tinani: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Thank you. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you. I think as…. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Yes Sir. We can have our closing remarks and then close the call. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, thank you. I think as the organizer said, there are no further questions. 
Thank you everyone and we look forward to seeing you in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines and exit the webinar. Thank you. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
