 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Saksoft Limited Q3 FY-26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ADITYA KRISHNA – PROMOTER & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, SAKSOFT LIMITED 
MR. NIRAJ KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER & 
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, SAKSOFT LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VINAY MENON – MONARCH NETWORTH CAPITAL 
LIMITED  

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Saksoft Limited Q3 FY26 earnings conference 
call hosted by Monarch Network Capital Limited. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vinay Menon from Monarch Networth Capital Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vinay Menon: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital, it's my pleasure 
to host the senior management of Saksoft. 
We have with us Mr. Aditya Krishna – Promoter and CEO, and Mr. Niraj Kumar – CFO and 
COO of the company. 
Now I will hand over the call to Aditya sir for his opening remarks. Thank you, sir. 
Aditya Krishna: 
Thank you, Vinay. Hello and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our Earnings Call to discuss 
the performance of the 3rd Quarter and the 9 months of Financial Year ‘26. 
Let me start off by briefing you on the key business highlights for the quarter, after which my 
colleagues and our COO and CFO – Mr. Niraj Ganeriwal, will brief you on the financials.  
The technology services environment today is marked by cautious enterprise spending and 
longer decision-making cycles, particularly for discretionary projects. At the same time, clients 
continue to invest in initiatives focused on efficiency improvement, automation, platform 
modernization and practical adoption of AI, where there is clear business value. Against this 
backdrop, we delivered a steady performance during the first 9 months of the FY26, supported 
by healthy year-on-year revenue growth and stable operating margins. Even as near-term 
demand remains selective, we have continued with our planned investments in strengthening 
front-end sales capabilities and senior leadership. These investments are aligned with our long-
term strategy of positioning the company as an AI-led digital transformation partner and building 
scale in the business. We remain confident of progressing steadily towards our vision 2030 goal 
of achieving US$ 500 million in revenues.  
From an operational standpoint, we made good progress across our verticals during the quarter. 
In the logistics segment, we secured a multi-year digital transformation engagement with a 
leading U.S.-based carrier focused on enterprise modernization, AI adoption and cost 
optimization. In the commerce vertical, we partnered with a leading technology distributor to 
establish a joint AI innovation lab, enabling AI-driven initiatives across sales, IT and finance 
functions with a clear path from pilot programs to scaled implementation. In our emerging 
verticals, we have started working with a leading telecom operator in the European region to 

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
deliver quality and process maturity transformation program across core operations. These 
engagements reinforce our role as a trusted long-term technology partner for our clients and give 
us confidence in our ability to grow wallet share as technology spending conditions gradually 
improve.  
While Niraj will update on the operational metrics and the financial highlights for the 3rd Quarter 
and 9 months ended FY26, let me apprise you of what gives us the confidence and clarity that 
we are steadily progressing towards our 2030 goal of US$500 million. We mentioned now and 
in the past that we are expanding our long-term outcome-driven digital partnerships, expanding 
wallet share and building annuity-led revenue streams through AI-enabled engineering platform 
modernization and managed operations. For us to do so, we have identified certain strategic 
long-term growth driver bases which our annuitized revenues would multiply and margins would 
improve. Some of these growth drivers are scaling AI-led engineering, data operations and 
intelligent operations, expanding the managed services and platform-led delivery models, 
investing in agentic AI and industry accelerators, and lastly, increasing multi-year engagements 
and vendor consolidation wins. The long-term and perpetual benefits of these will be felt in the 
years to come. 
Now, I would request my colleague Niraj to give you the financial highlights for the quarter 
under review. 
Niraj Kumar: 
Thank you, Aditya, and thank you, everyone, for taking the time and joining our Earnings Call 
today to discuss the Results of the 3rd Quarter and the 9 months of the Financial Year 2026 under 
review. 
For the 3rd Quarter of Financial Year ‘26, revenues reported at around INR 250 crores, 
representing a growth of around 11% year-on-year. The EBITDA stood at INR 45 crores, which 
grew by around 19% year-on-year, with the EBITDA margins of 18.1%. On a sequential basis, 
revenues declined sequentially by around 3%, primarily due to a temporary slowdown in 
spending from two of our large customers. This was driven by timing and reprioritization of 
budgets rather than any project cancellations, and our engagement levels with these customers 
remain unchanged. Margins were impacted due to revenue softness during the quarter, along 
with the continued investments in growth initiatives, more feet on the ground in our key 
geographies of the U.S. and U.K., and capability building for the future.  
The net profit for the quarter stood at around INR 29 crores, which grew by 7% year-on-year, 
whilst the PAT margins stood at 11.57%. The net profit for the quarter is after making a one-
time exceptional provision of INR 4.86 crores towards the new labor code requirements. For the 
9 months ended of the Financial Year ‘26, the operating revenues were reported at around INR 
758 crores, representing a growth of nearly 18% year-on-year. The EBITDA stood at INR 142 
crores, which grew by nearly 29% year-on-year, with the EBITDA margins being at 18.7%. The 
net profit was at INR 97 crores, which grew 24% year-on-year, with the profit after tax margins 
at 12.8%.  

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Now coming to the revenue split by geography for the 9 months period: 
The Americas contributed 50% of our total revenues, whereas Europe contributed 29%, and the 
remaining 21% came from Asia Pacific and other regions. For the current 9 months period under 
review, we have remapped our customer locations based on the global location of the master 
service agreements with the respective customers. The onsite revenue mix was 44%, and 
offshore is at 56%. The revenue split across verticals remained diversified. The BFS contributed 
31%, the emerging verticals around 47%, logistics around 14%, and commerce around 8% of 
our total revenues.  
Now coming to some of our customer metrics: 
We have around 16 customers of US$1 million plus in revenues. The total employee count at 
the end of the quarter stood at 2,673, out of which 2,454 were technical, with the utilization level 
of the employees excluding trainees being at 83% for the Quarter 3 FY26. 
This concludes the updates on the quarter, and we can now open the floor for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
comes from the line of Anand Bhaskaran from Ksema Wealth Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Anand Bhaskaran: 
Good afternoon. Congratulations for the numbers. My question is for the FY26 and FY27. Where 
do you see the segment revenue going forward for this current financial year and the next 
financial year as well? Where would be BFSI, Logistics Emerging and Commerce as a share of 
revenue would be? 
Aditya Krishna: 
We would expect it to be approximately at the same level as it is today. Only thing to note is 
BFSI is not our focus area. It's BFS. There's no “I”. So, we are not focused on the insurance 
sector. 
Anand Bhaskaran: 
So, you are saying that for the next 2 years or so, where it is now today, the revenue 
diversification would be around the same level as today? 
Aditya Krishna: 
Yes. Our mix would remain about the same. 
Anand Bhaskaran: 
I will join back to the queue if I have any questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand that our top 10 client contribution of 
58% of revenue. So, like how much of the recent slowdown was in the top two clients and what 
are our plans on the client dependency? And are we seeing any early sign of spending recovery 
from large clients and how is the feedback on that side? And another thing, how strong is the 
deal wins for the calendar year ‘26 and what percentage is AI and digital transformation led? 

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Aditya Krishna: 
The disappointment in our Quarter 3 results, we have had 20 quarters of quarter-on-quarter 
growth. So, after 20 quarters, this was our first quarter of 3% decline versus the previous quarter. 
So, Quarter 3 was 3% lower in revenues versus Quarter 2. And it was primarily because there 
was deferment of spending by two of our top customers. Now, this is the biggest challenge as 
you scale up because the focus is on growing revenues. It doesn't matter where it comes from. 
So, even if our top customer gives us more revenues, we are going to take the revenue and not 
worry about increasing client concentration. So, this problem will over time disappear as the 
business scales. It's not something that we can eliminate in the short term. Now, having said that, 
both the clients have started to spend or the spending is recovering. So, it was just a temporary 
blip and we are very hopeful that over the next few months, this will correct. Now, in terms of 
deal wins, we are participating in many more large deals than I would say 12 months ago. We 
are being invited to many more RFPs. We are being invited to many more larger opportunities, 
some of them around AI, some of them around vendor consolidation. And not only is our 
maturity on responding to these large deals improving, but our win ratio is also improving. I 
cannot give you the win ratio as of today because the numbers are still small, but from 12 months 
ago, the traction on larger deals responses by us has increased considerably. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Great. And also, I wanted to understand on the margin side, like are we expecting going forward 
will be report to 19%-20% as this quarter, like you mentioned, consistent performance but blip 
in this quarter. So, what are our expectations on the margin front? 
Aditya Krishna: 
Year-to-date EBITDA margin is 18.7%, this quarter was 18.1%, previous quarter was 19.6%. 
So, I would say between 18-20 EBITDA margin is something that we would try and maintain. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you so much, sir. I will come in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bharat Gulati from Dalal & Broacha. 
Please go ahead. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Hi, sir. Just a couple of questions on my side. Congrats on the decent set of results also. Just 
wanted to understand that how is AI getting implemented into our deal wins? Because what I 
understand in the industry that rather than AI just being used as a tool, now it's getting embedded 
into deals where it's helping bring in revenue. So, have we started to also build some products 
or platforms that we license out to clients that are helping us get the same kind of recurring 
revenues? 
Aditya Krishna: 
We don't build any products. So, there is no license revenue from any products that we build 
because we don't have products. But where we use AI is to deliver more efficiency to our clients, 
both existing customers as well as prospects. So, very simply put, in testing or application 
development in digital engineering, what could have been done by a 50-member team can now 
be done by a 30-member team or a 35-member team using AI. And that's what customers expect. 
So, the software development lifecycle has become more efficient using AI. Now, if we don't 
use AI, we don't become relevant to the deal or to our customers. So, it's a must-have. It's not a 
nice-to-have, it's a must-have. So, that's in terms of using AI to deliver the services that we do 

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
to our customers as well as prospects. Now, is there spending on building an agent or using 
agentic AI, building an agent? I would say most customers are curious, but they are not really 
spending much on building AI agents because they don't see great value in one agent or two 
agents. They see value if the entire workflows of the business are made more efficient using AI. 
So, the entire transformation of work is where we see value and long-term revenue as well as 
annuity revenue, not in one-off projects to build agents. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it. So, can we say that the recent margin improvement is because of the use of AI and our 
utilizations have gone up or is it that we have started to just win higher contract deals? I mean, 
what can we attribute to the higher margins in the recent quarters? And also, just how will these 
margins trend going forward? Will we see an upward trend or is this where they stabilize at the 
18% to 20% range? 
Aditya Krishna: 
I will ask Niraj to answer that, please. I will request him. 
Niraj Kumar: 
So, Bharat, in terms of margins, last couple of quarters we have seen a little higher margin. I 
think there has been a constant question on whether we will be able to maintain this 19%-20% 
margin. I think this is at a slightly higher end. The steady state would be around 18% or so, 
considering the investments which we are doing both in a number of areas in terms of capability, 
feet on the ground and a lot of other avenues. So, I think 18% would be a more realistic margin. 
The reason for the improvements, yes, when we bring in our frameworks of AI and bring in 
some efficiencies in the short term, it is definitely helping in adding on margins. Added to it, I 
think the rupee factor has also been for the year, the rupee has been depreciating significantly. 
So that has also helped in adding to the margins. But I think from a mid to long term, 18% would 
be a more realistic margin base to be considered. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it. And just one final question. Our road to $500 million so is that going to be more? Are we 
going to diversify our revenues and is our top 10 customers revenues going to fall from 58% or 
are we going to continue to see growing wallet share within them? And just if you can elaborate 
on how are we going to get to that 500 million mark? Is it going to be through new clients or 
existing clients increasing wallet share? Also, what kind of an inorganic element will we see in 
that 500 million vision? 
Aditya Krishna: 
The revenue growth will come from, I would say, 80% to 85% will come from existing 
customers. And there is enough runway with our top 20 customers to make that happen. We will 
obviously get new clients. Today we have 16  dollar one million clients. We will definitely add 
to our client base to get to 4X-4.5X where we are. So, scaling up will not happen with just one 
customer. It will happen across the board, multiple customers, growth in wallet share and 
strategy, not an or strategy. But it will be more, I would say more prevalent towards increasing 
wallet share. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it. Thank you.  

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vikas Srivastava from RBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Vikas Srivastava: 
Hi. My question more on this 500 million Aditya. Did I hear it right, it's 2030. So, I am saying 
approximately we are talking about financial year 2030-31. And you also mentioned that it will 
be 85% organic. So, we are looking at a dollar revenue growth of about to get there in this period 
with 4.5X. We should be looking at a 26%-27% organic growth year-on-year. My first question 
was on that, that in terms of our past and how well geared are we? I am sorry, I am repeating 
this question. I asked this last time. Is it within the realm of possibility or is it just a little ahead 
of our realistic targets? That was one question. My second question was on the three contracts, 
given your investor's note, you had mentioned that the initiative and the two new contracts, if 
you could just without naming the client, throw some light in terms of what these contracts are 
and what kind of visibility do we have with these three new client/ initiatives? Fourth is there is 
in the big clients, the top two clients, what I am hearing is that there is no structural change. It is 
a short-term aberration, which would kind of, we will catch up in the coming months and on 
EBITDA here that last call, I think you were more on the 17.5. Now you are on 18 to 20. Just a 
reconfirmation of that. 
Aditya Krishna: 
Let's start with the last one, Vikas. I stand corrected. We will be around 18%. 
Vikas Srivastava: 
Which is a little higher than what we have done, you have promised in the past or you are guided 
in the past? 
Aditya Krishna: 
That's right. Yes. And coming to the first question of 500 million, it looks an uphill task 
considering where we are and our historic growth. Now, the way I look at this is at this point, 
it's aspirational, can we get to 500 million? Now let's say we can't get to 500 million. At least 
we will hit 400 million. Which is 3.5x-4x where we are today, which is not bad. I am not for a 
minute saying that we will not aspire to hit 500 million. All the effort will be to hit 500 million. 
But if it doesn't happen, we will be at least better than where we are today significantly because 
we are growing 15% to 20% year-on-year. Now, we have learned how to grow 15%-20% 
organically. If we can tuck in a couple of reasonably sized acquisitions, let's say we tuck in a 
300 crores acquisition, 250 crores acquisition, we can really sort of improve the growth rate and 
historically we have always done these acquisitions through internal accruals and we will 
continue to do that. So, do we have a strategy? Do I have, have we identified any targets? The 
answer is no. But opportunities will come and we are ready for them. We have the management 
bandwidth to evaluate and integrate these companies if it was to happen. So, we are operating 
on, , multi-channels towards the goal of 500 million. I still remain very hopeful that we will 
achieve the target. If not 500 million, close to that. What doesn't help us in meeting the target is 
that the rupee keeps depreciating, but that helps us in other ways in terms of EBITDA targets. 
So, coming specifically to your questions around the, the three contracts, the first one, which 
was with a US carrier is, is very interesting because this was a customer of ours who had multiple 
vendors or multiple suppliers and they floated an RFP to consolidate suppliers. We won that 
RFP. So, our team size grew from 50 people to over 100. But to win that RFP, we had to give a 
20% discount on our rates. Now that is the name of the game. So to get this business and to win 

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
this, we had to give a discount, which we will make up with efficiency over the next 3 years 
because this is a 3 year contract. And once we are wedded into the customer, the incumbency 
sort of and we do a good job- there is no reason why we should not be able to renew it after 3 
years. The second contract is where we are building an AI innovation lab for one of our new 
customer. This is also very interesting because the customer is keen to not only build this 
innovation lab, but also to grow the innovation lab and use it to improve their business workflows 
in different parts of their business. So, we see this as very sticky and long-term nature. The third 
one was a telecom operator in Europe where we are doing business transformation from an 
optimization perspective. That's a new customer. It's a small contract. We hope that depending 
on the quality of our work, we will be able to increase our revenues there and grow that account. 
But that's the smallest out of the three. 
Vikas Srivastava: 
Got it. And the last question was on this, just a reconfirmation that the top three customers was 
more of a few months or one or two quarters aberration. There's no structural change in terms of 
consolidation or other reasons why the revenue from those three customers has fallen in this 
quarter. 
Aditya Krishna: 
This is just a temporary phenomena. That's how we know it today, Vikas. But we have to also 
keep in mind that we are continuing to invest because we need to invest to get to 500 million. 
Now, when I say investment, it's investment in capability, it's investment in senior talent. My 
biggest challenge, we are now close to a 1000 crores company. The challenge at 100 crores was 
talent. The challenge at 1000 crores is talent. It's just that quality and degree of talent. If there is 
one thing that keeps me awake at night, it is talent. Now, talent is becoming very expensive. And 
that expense comes before revenue. So, there will be some compromise. Unfortunately, being a 
listed company, we have to live quarter-on-quarter. So, there will be volatility in earnings. There 
will be volatility in the stock. But if our shareholders believe in the management and they believe 
in our goal and where we are headed, then we should be okay. I think that's really the bet-  people 
on this call have to understand and appreciate. 
Vikas Srivastava: 
Thank you for that, Aditya. One small housekeeping request. The investors' presentation is never 
released with the quarterly result, which keeps us a little, some of the information which you put 
out in the investors is actually quite relevant to the shareholders. And it's a little bit of a challenge 
to locate it and get it a few hours later. May I just request, like many other companies, if we can 
just release both of these together so that then we understand the results a little better and the 
reasons a little better. That's the practice generally the management commentary and 
presentation is released almost, or in most cases, together. And I will come back in the queue. 
Thank you. 
Aditya Krishna: 
Thanks, Vikas. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Priyam Srivastav from KC Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Priyam Srivastav: 
Hi. Thank you so much for the opportunity. So, my question is similar to the margin trajectory. 
Can you describe how the nature of your work has fundamentally changed over 5-6 years? 
Because we see the margins have moved from like 13%-14% to 17%-18% now. 
Aditya Krishna: 
Good question. And it's a question which you will find the answer quite interesting. Most tech 
services companies want to stay away from providing bodies or providing just staff 
augmentation because that is the lowest end of the value chain. Now, how do you stop doing 
that? If customers want bodies, can you really say, I can't give you a body and lose the business? 
So, it's a difficult scenario to overcome. The way we are trying to do it, and we have had, I won't 
say great success, we had limited success, but we are getting better at it, is to try and push it 
towards outcomes. And where the customer doesn't interview our resource, the KPI or the 
yardstick that we have started to measure is, is customer interviewing the resource? If the 
customer is interviewing the resource, that means we are in the lower end of the value chain. We 
need to stay in the upper end or move towards the upper end. And that's how we have seen that 
from the early days, 4-5 years ago, it was predominantly providing bodies. In some, you can call 
them anyway, you can call it staff augmentation, you can call it consulting, you can call it 
whatever. But at the end of it, it's bodies. That has now changed to outcome-based projects or 
outcome-based contracts. Like the AI innovation lab, like the vendor consolidation, like some 
of the new projects we are winning, and the more and more RFPs that we are responding to, 
which are around infrastructure, around help desk, service desk, desktop support, etc. So, the 
texture of our revenue has changed considerably towards outcome in the last, I would say 4-5 
years. And our goal is to continue to move in that direction to get to the upper end of the value 
chain. 
Priyam Srivastava: 
Got it. That helps. Thank you so much. One more question was, when you talk about this 
FinTech and HealthTech, can you just tell a little bit about what type of clients these are and just 
some examples, like in some successful projects with them? 
Aditya Krishna: 
There is no HealthTech. We don't have any HealthTech. So, you are confusing us with some 
other company. So, in FinTech, it is really BFS. So FinTech is a part of BFS. And projects are 
the same, digital engineering, quality assurance, infrastructure, cloud management, FinOps, 
CloudOps, DataOps, very similar to any other vertical. 
Priyam Srivastava: 
Got it. That's clear now. Thank you so much. And why don't we work with banks? Is there any 
specific reason we don't have bank clients much? 
Aditya Krishna: 
Say that again, please. I didn't understand. Can you repeat that question? 
Priyam Srivastava: 
Do we have clients in bank segment as well? 
Aditya Krishna: 
Yes, we have two large banks as customers, one in India, one in Singapore. 
Priyam Srivastava: 
Got it. Thank you so much.  

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mahima from Alpha Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Mahima: 
Hi, good afternoon, sir. So just wanted to understand, during the quarter we have seen exits, 
sorry, that one is answered. Just wanted to understand your current stance on inorganic growth. 
So, are you planning any acquisition? 
Aditya Krishna: 
We are always looking, Mahima, at this point, we don't have any specific target in mind, but we 
are always open to something that will help us build capability or acquire a significant customer 
at a reasonable price. 
Mahima: 
Another question is, so during the quarter we have seen a lower other income. So, any reason 
behind that? 
Niraj Kumar: 
Mahima, this is Niraj. The primary reason for the decline in other income is the exchange factor. 
Almost 90% of that other income is the dollar rupee or the pound and euro rupee exchange gain. 
That was quite high in Quarter 2 vis-à-vis what you are seeing in Quarter 3. That's the reason for 
the decline in the other income. 
Mahima: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rohit from Ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rohit: 
Thank you, sir. So just wanted to understand on this, I think you answered this question earlier 
in some form, but just wanted to understand given the whole AI thing that is happening. So, we 
are outside and a lot of different things are coming out in terms of the way the code is being 
written these days and how easy it is and probably in terms of there is a lot of outcome-based 
stuff that can get more and more a challenge. So, I just wanted to get your sense given you are 
at the centre of this. So how are you doing this? You said that AI it's almost like table stakes you 
have to have otherwise you are not even relevant. So, like how are you seeing this from your 
vantage point in terms of the kind of work that you do in terms of services? Will there be a case 
that a lot of the work that you are doing will probably get lack of a better word, automated or in-
house? I am sorry, I am not able to probably say the right word, but I hope I am able to articulate 
what I am trying to ask in terms of the kind of cannibalization or the kind of work extinction that 
can happen for you guys. Is that even something that you are worried about or that is not the 
case? Sorry for the long-winded question. 
Aditya Krishna: 
We are not worried about it for the simple reason that AI is not a nice to have. It's a must-have. 
AI has to be prevalent in anything that we do for our customers whether it is application 
development whether it is testing. If we don't use AI and the improvement in the workflows that 
AI provides, customers will no longer want to deal with us. So, it's a necessary I would just say 
that it's like any other maybe there's a new language that has come in to disrupt the existing 
languages. So, I would just say AI is a hygiene factor. It's no longer a nice thing. It's no longer 
a buzzword. People talk about it because there is a lot of unknown areas around AI which the 

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
media likes and it's a nice thing to talk about. For example, you would have seen the social media 
platform called Moltbook, that is an AI, an agent social media platform. So no humans are on it, 
only agents are on it. Now what is the business model? Don't ask me. I have no idea. All I know 
is that for our services model AI is a must-have. It's a hygiene factor and it helps us cement our 
relationship with our customers, make our services more efficient and more cost-effective for 
our customers. 
Rohit: 
And you mentioned that in terms of the work that you are doing a lot of it is getting transitioned 
to outcome-based kind of work. Can you give maybe a few examples of what kind of outcomes 
are these and can you just maybe talk a bit more in terms of how these are priced? 
Aditya Krishna: 
So, for example let's take the case of a customer who has a ticketing system. Now the customer 
will give us the ticket dump. They will give us, over the last one month they had 10,000 tickets. 
Now they will classify those tickets into different buckets Level 0, Level 1, Level 2, Level 3 
whatever and they expect us to now manage that work for them based on SLAs. So, response 
time for Level 0 response time for Level 1, Level 2 now whether we use 5 people or we use 50 
people that's our problem. So now can we use AI can we use automation can we use a 
combination of both to deliver it efficiently not only to the customer to meet the SLA but to 
make margins for us. So that is what I mean by outcome-based.  
 
Rohit:                                     Got it 
Aditya Krishna:                   You don’t seem very happy about it.      
 
Rohit: 
No. I do understand it. So, the other question was so we have been talking about this $500 million 
and you have been consistently talking about investing in the sales and marketing and I think in 
the last probably four or five quarters you have hired a few people as well on the senior side. So, 
on sales and marketing side so can you talk a bit about how has that initiative shaping up and 
anything that you can call out that is giving you more confidence or there is much more work to 
be done? 
Aditya Krishna: 
Yes, so our business model let's take one geography our business model let's say in North 
America, what's our business model how do we go to market. We have our customers and each 
customer has a client partner now one client partner could be managing either one customer or 
multiple customers normally it's one or three in rare cases it's four customers. So now that client 
partner is responsible for growing wallet share with these customers. Now how does he do that 
he does that by regularly meeting customers and regularly understanding from the customer what 
their business problems are, problem statements are and how we can use technology to overcome 
those business problems. The more he meets the more problem statements he is able to unearth. 
Now as we move up the value chain and I said this earlier move up the value chain from 

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
providing bodies to outcome based selling the client partners also have to change their way of 
selling, so they have to be mentored, they have to be trained, they have to evolve into now selling 
outcome-based services rather than bodies, selling bodies was easy. Now some will graduate to 
be able to sell outcome based some will not. Our first job is to train them, mentor them if they 
can't do it we have to replace them, so that's an investment. The leader of the client partners is 
an investment. We have hired a leader in North America we are in the process of hiring 
somebody in the UK and Europe. Now these two leaders will drive the client partners to grow 
wallet share with our existing customers. So most of our investment in sales and marketing will 
come in this form either by client partners or leaders and it's tough not only to identify the right 
person but also to work with that person to get him to understand the company, it takes time. 
Transforming from selling bodies to outcome based is a transformation which and it's a journey 
which you have to go through and we are in the process of doing that. So, it requires both time 
and money so the investment is happening in that direction. That's on the front-end side. On the 
capability side investment is also happening because we have six centres of excellence. We have 
testing, we have data, we have digital engineering, we have salesforce service, now cloud 
infrastructure and security, six. There we are building accelerators you mentioned about AI. Now 
I give you this simple answer of AI that AI is a hygiene factor. But how do we now bring AI 
into application development. Coding is becoming easier - can AI do the coding, yes. But for 
that we need accelerators, we need frameworks who built that, these centres of excellence built 
that, that's an investment. So, a lot of people think that tech services doesn't have investment, it's 
only in office space and laptops. No, the investment is really in people and building capability 
and that's where we are also spending our money.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vikas Srivastava from RBC please go 
ahead. 
Vikas Srivastava: 
Hi. On the ROI, on the investment in salespeople, Aditya, we had mentioned that in the last call 
that we did there was attrition or we let go some salespeople but you had a few recent hires. Just 
wanted to know, is our experience in terms of who we have hired and in terms of getting traction 
from them and stability are we a little higher on the curve now, are we in a better position than 
what we were a month or a quarter or two back?  Are we kind of, is there traction and is there 
more visibility in terms of our people are hiring and their probability of success and settling 
within our system towards outcome-based selling? 
Aditya Krishna: 
For sure it is it is better Vikas but just want to just want to clarify a little bit that, the team that 
got us to 1,000 crores is not necessarily the team that will get us to 5,000 crores. Now some will 
and some won't, now the challenge is jettisoning or letting go the ones that won't and bringing 
in the new talent that will get us there and that is not a switch on and off, it has to be done 
gradually, it has to be done in a nice manner because at the end of it these are people. So, we are 
on that process we have made some big changes. So far everything seems to be on track.  I am 
happy with the progress and the only thing I would say is I need to accelerate it more which I 
will do. 

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Vikas Srivastava: 
I was actually alluding to the new hires in the last four quarters. I understand the transition and 
the training in terms of new hires is that experience now been good in the last three- four quarters, 
are the new incumbent’s kind of or have you had some attrition there also? Just some idea there 
on the new hires and their absorption in the system. 
Aditya Krishna: 
In the in the last two quarters, we have only hired one person in the US geography and so far so 
good. He is probably on this call also Vikas so he will be listening in. 
Vikas Srivastava: 
Good to hear. Thank you  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bharat Gulati from Dalal and Broacha. 
Please go ahead. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Thank you for the follow up sir. Just wanted to get a clarification on one point, like you 
mentioned that we won a RFP where the vendor consolidation was taking place where we gave 
it on a discount of about 20% of our typical price. So going forward as we try to scale up and 
reach the 500 million mark, I just want to understand we need to get into more larger clients and 
we need to be cost competitive. So then do we see our margins tapering off or then how do we 
see us  kind of fight off the lower cost in terms of maintaining margins if you can explain how 
we are going to do that? 
Aditya Krishna: 
There is no question that we might have to buy some contracts. So, if there's an incumbent, we 
have to go in with strong capability automation, for example we have a AI voice bot, it does any 
language, it does the work of a call centre. Now we factor that in when we do automation for a 
prospect or a customer. Now that's an example of how we will drive efficiency, reduce cost and 
we might have to buy that contract by giving in a lower price and most of these contracts that 
you buy would be 3-4 year contracts. So over that 3-4 year period we will be able to drive 
efficiency into the model to make sufficient margin. So yes, on a particular deal we might have 
to compromise on the margin, we might have to compromise on the price. But we have to look 
at it from a perspective that if you are not in the game or you are not fighting the game, there is 
no way you can win. So, it's going to be a little bit of mix and match. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Just to understand that the deal that we just won, does that somewhat impact our near term 
margin, is that a headwind for us or do we see that those efficiencies will still help us maintain 
that 18% kind of EBITDA? 
Aditya Krishna: 
First think about it, there are 3,000 people in the company. We are talking about 20% cut in 
around 50 people. How will it affect margin? 
Bharat Gulati: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next is from the line of Anand Bhaskaran from Ksema Wealth Private Limited. 
Please go ahead.  

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Anand Bhaskaran: 
Thank you for the follow up question. I just want to ask about the trade deal with US and Europe. 
Firstly, just how much the company would gain from these two deals and how will the company 
gain in specific detail can you mention, what will be the impact of these two deals? 
Aditya Krishna: 
Can you repeat that question please it was very unclear the earlier part of your question? 
Anand Bhaskaran: 
The India's trade deal with the US and Europe as well, so how would impact the company and 
what sort of way it will impact the company, will be positive, negative, can you explain that in 
some detail?  
Aditya Krishna: 
Are you talking about the FTA? 
Anand Bhaskaran: 
The FTA deal and the SRA's trade deal with US both. 
Aditya Krishna: 
Honestly, I don't know, I mean why would it affect us. I mean trade is more for goods, right. 
Services were not under tariffs anyway.  
Anand Bhaskaran: 
What about the FTA deal? 
Aditya Krishna: 
Isn't that the same thing, where was the tariffs with Europe? 
Anand Bhaskaran: 
So, like any of the contracts that you have, there is no benefit or impact that the company would 
not have at all? 
Aditya Krishna: 
I am trying to think while you are asking me this question where will it affect. In other words I 
mean is there any work that we have not done with Europe because of tariffs, I don't know I 
mean services don't normally come under the tariff bracket. But the only thing I would say is, it 
can only be positive because the fact that there is a deal means that there is a upbeat environment 
of spending with a partner like India. So, I would say there will be more openness to use Indian 
suppliers as well as offshoring. I am just thinking aloud whether this will help. Can it hurt us, I 
don't think it should hurt us. Will it make European companies or European competitors to us 
more competitive vis-à-vis us, unlikely. So I think it should be positive but honestly, I haven't 
given it much thought. 
Anand Bhaskaran: 
And my final question is like in which geography would you like focus more in the coming, now 
currently it is USA with 50%, Europe 29% and APAC is 21%, next let's say FY27-28, would 
you focus on any specific geographical region or would it be more or less the same? 
Aditya Krishna: 
I would put maximum focus on the US geography, huge market, lots of potential, biggest market 
for the tech industry. So, if I had Rs. 100 to put, I would put Rs. 95 in the US market, just as an 
example. 
Anand Bhaskaran: 
Thank you so much. 

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Akshat Rohatgi from Rational Equity 
Partners LLP. Please go ahead 
Akshat Rohatgi: 
Hi good afternoon.  We have been proud shareholders for Saksoft for the last 6 months, so 
congratulations on what you guys are doing. My question is that we actually hold a lot of small 
microcap IT services company in India and we do a lot of research in what's happening in AI in 
the US and talking to a lot of promoters in the last 2-3 months, we have been hearing that the 
theme of vendor consolidation is going across the board. Like a lot of enterprises are 
consolidating their vendors, they basically, so the thing that I am hearing from promoters of 
Indian IT companies, is they are consolidating vendors because they want to reduce their SaaS 
tools and basically get their data at a single unified place and then they want to invest more into 
AI and integrated stuff. So, what are you guys hearing across your clients I wanted to know that? 
Aditya Krishna: 
Just if you can clarify you said that they want to keep all their data in one place? 
Akshat Rohatgi: 
So, they want to reduce their SaaS tools, they want to reduce and consolidate data at like 2-3 
places so that when they are able to do, when they want to invest more in agentic AI, the 
integration becomes easy, the integration tax is reduced because having so many vendors so 
many tools at their disposal. 
Aditya Krishna: 
Most suppliers work on the network of the customer. I don't know how reducing vendors will 
make data more available to the customer because the customer anyway owns their own data. I 
am not able to understand the question but if your question is, is there vendor consolidation, yes 
there is vendor consolidation in most customers who are using multiple suppliers and we see this 
as a big opportunity because we feel we are right sized, we have the right capabilities and we 
have the right AI frameworks to drive an efficiency in the process and win these longer term 
contracts. I think what we are looking for is more opportunity and a level playing field, if we 
can get that, we are very confident that our capability as well as our agility will get us business. 
Akshat Rohatgi: 
So the follow-up question to that is SaaS and software in the US, is the sentiment is that it will 
be cannibalized by all these AI, agentic AI, automated SDLC platforms. So, what kind of 
revenues are we driving from platforms like salesforce or service now and do you think that if 
AI platforms or SDLC a lot of companies that we track, sort of that we are tracking right now, 
that are kind of cannibalizing some of the segments of the SaaS companies in the US. So would 
it affect us as well as the downstream IT services? 
Aditya Krishna: 
Is salesforce in your mind or in your in this context of our discussion is that a SaaS company? 
Akshat Rohatgi: 
Not sales, I would mention ServiceNow. 
Aditya Krishna: 
ServiceNow to you is a SaaS company, right? 
Akshat Rohatgi: 
Yes. 

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Aditya Krishna: 
Now tell me why will ServiceNow be cannibalized because somebody who has implemented 
ServiceNow is spending a lot of money on licenses. They will continue to optimize their business 
workflows using ServiceNow. To switch out off ServiceNow to something like a manage engine 
requires a lot of tech services which is positive for tech services. If you stay with ServiceNow is 
positive for tech services. So, tech services whether you stay with ServiceNow or you move to 
another provider like ManageEngine as an example will still provide revenue to a tech services 
company. Now can you do without ServiceNow, can you do without ManageEngine using a 
genetic AI, as of now you can't. So, tech services is here to stay unless I am missing something. 
Akshat Rohatgi: 
Understood. That answers my question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vikas Srivastava from RBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Vikas Srivastava: 
My last question is, where do you see headcount trends and onshore offshore trends considering 
the increase in turnover etc. and more outcome based? Just some kind of assessment of where 
are we headed on headcount as compared to turnover and onshore offshore headcount? 
Aditya Krishna: 
As of this point Vikas, it will be proportional as revenue grows. So, if revenue grows 4X, 
headcount will go up 4X. I think that's the rule of thumb we can we have to work with. Now can 
AI, can outcome based reduce that, it probably will but for example shared services as a 
proportion of shared services and our revenue increases, then that will reduce the number of 
people in relation to revenue. But the flip side is, as the company grows you need more people 
in support, you need more people in pre-sales, you need more people in sales. I think it's fair to 
say that for our size, if we want to go 4X revenue, we will have to take our headcount to 12,000. 
So that's on the first part. The second question was onsite-offshore. We ideally want to do a little 
bit more onsite because onsite gives us 4X the revenue, so we need four people offshore which 
is equal to one person on site. So, our focus is to increase onsite for two reasons, one revenue 
vis-à-vis headcount and second, if you are working onsite with a customer, we also have more 
intelligence on that account because that person can give us more intelligence. If we have one 
person today and we increase that to five, we will have five people on the ground with the 
customer to give us more intelligence so that's the plan.  
Vikas Srivastava: 
Just one question, what kind of visas are we looking for? When especially if we are talking about 
the US now and what kind of challenge would you face with visas, I am assuming these are not 
H1Bs? 
Aditya Krishna: 
No, H1Bs have become too expensive at this point, so these will be either L1s or local hires. 
Vikas Srivastava: 
And what is the talent scarcity and availability for local hires?  
Aditya Krishna: 
No problem of talent in the US for tech services. 

 
Saksoft Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Vikas Srivastava: 
Good to hear. That was my last question. I assure you I am not coming back in the queue. Thank 
you. 
Aditya Krishna: 
Welcome Vikas. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen in the interest of time, that was the last question. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Aditya Krishna: 
We thank everyone for taking our time to participate in this call and for their interest in Saksoft. 
I hope we have been able to answer your queries. In case of any other queries, please reach out 
to us or our Investor Relations advisors, Valorem Advisors. Thank you everyone for joining us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
