 
 
9th February, 2026 
The Manager – Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, Block - G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: EMAMILTD 
The Manager – Listing 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
   
        
Scrip Code: 531162 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Investor’s Conference Call of the Company for Q3 FY 26 – Financial Results 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Conference Call with 
Analysts / Investors held on 4th February, 2026, post declaration of the Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone & Consolidated) for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2025.  
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at: www.emamiltd.in 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Emami Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ravi Varma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F9531 
 
(Encl: As above) 
Ravi 
Varma
Digitally signed 
by Ravi Varma 
Date: 2026.02.09 
17:26:22 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Emami Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MOHAN GOENKA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
AND VICE CHAIRMAN – EMAMI LIMITED 
 
MR. VIVEK DHIR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS – EMAMI LIMITED 
 
MR. GUL RAJ BHATIA – PRESIDENT – HEALTH 
CARE– EMAMI LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH GUPTA – PRESIDENT SALES – EMAMI 
LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH SHARMA – PRESIDENT – FINANCE 
AND INVESTOR RELATIONS – EMAMI LIMITED 
 
MR. GIRIRAJ BAGRI – CHIEF GROWTH OFFICER – 
EMAMI LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. PERCY PANTHAKI – IIFL CAPITAL SERVICES 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Emami Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Percy Panthaki from IIFL Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Good afternoon. It's my pleasure to host Emami for the 3Q FY '26 Conference Call. Online with 
me, I have Mr. Mohan Goenka, Whole-Time Director and Vice Chairman; Mr. Vivek Dhir, 
CEO, International Business; Mr. Gul Raj Bhatia, President, Health Care; Mr. Manish Gupta, 
President Sales; and Mr. Giriraj Bagri, Chief Growth Officer; and Mr. Rajesh Sharma, President, 
Finance and IR. 
 
I'll hand over the call to Mr. Mohan Goenka for his initial comments, and then we will open up 
for Q&A. 
Mohan Goenka: 
Thank you, Percy. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for 
Emami Limited's Q3 FY '26 Earnings Call. I'm delighted to share our results for the quarter and 
9 months ended 31st December '25. I must say this has been a quarter of strong broad-based 
performance that is fully aligned with our expectations and strategic priorities. We have 
witnessed a sequential improvement following the GST 2.0 disruptions that continued to affect 
the early parts of the quarter. The favorable winter season played to our strengths, driving 
stronger offtake across our winter portfolio and health care. 
 
On a consolidated level, net sales grew by double digits at 11% with revenue of INR1,152 crores, 
growing by 10% during the quarter. Our domestic business delivered an 11% growth, led by a 
robust 9% volume growth. All major brands performed well in Q3, led by BoroPlus, which grew 
by 16%, Kesh King grew by 10%, Pain Management grew by 8% and health care range grew by 
7%. The Male Grooming range grew by 4%. Navratna and Dermicool grew by 1%. 
 
Our strategic subsidiaries, that is The Man Company and Brillare together delivered a robust 
growth of 31%. Our strategy of purposeful innovation and premiumization continues to gain 
traction. During the quarter, we launched several exciting products and variants that addresses 
evolving needs of new age consumers. 
 
Our omnichannel strategy continues to perform well with quick commerce doubling its sales 
and now contributing 20% to our e-comm business. Overall, organized channels contributed 
around 32% year-to-date, increasing their contribution by 280 basis points over the previous 
year. We have engaged KPMG to drive a future-ready supply chain transforming across 
omnichannel operations. 
 
On the international front, our sales grew by 9% with double-digit growth in 7 Oils in One, 
BoroPlus, Creme 21 and our pain management range. We saw steady growth led by SAARC 
and CIS regions. 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
On the financial front, gross margin expanded to 70.6%, an improvement of 30 basis points, 
underscoring our rigorous cost discipline, judicious price hikes and benefits of input price 
stability. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR384 crores, growing by 13%, while EBITDA 
margins improved to 33.4%, an expansion of 110 basis points. 
 
During the quarter, we accounted for INR10.1 crores towards the impact of changes in the new 
labor code, which is represented under the exceptional items. Our profit after tax at INR319 
crores grew by 15%. Our digital spends now account for almost 50% of our overall media spends 
in line with evolving consumer media consumption trends, enabling sharper targeting and higher 
engagement. 
 
I'm also delighted to announce that our Board of Directors have declared a second interim 
dividend of 600%, amounting to INR6 per share for FY '26. The total dividend declared in 9 
months FY '26 amount to INR10 per share, reflecting our confidence in our business 
performance and our commitment to reward the shareholders of the company. 
 
Further, I would also like to inform you that as per the recent proposed amendments in the union 
budget, our applicable income tax rate for the stand-alone entity would reduce to around 25% 
from 35% for FY '27 onwards. Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about Q4 and beyond. 
There's a better consumption momentum building in the environment, and we are positioned to 
capitalize on it. 
 
We remain focused on our core brands as well as new age opportunities. With strengthening 
demand trends, consistent portfolio actions and a clear strategic road map, we are increasingly 
confident in our ability to deliver sustained profitable growth and create long-term value for our 
stakeholders. 
 
With that, I would now like to open the floor for Q&A. Thank you so much for your continued 
support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Kapadia 
Financial Services. Please go ahead.  
Prakash Kapadia: 
A couple of questions from my end. So post the GST disruption in Q2, we were confident of 
growth coming back. So that has happened during the quarter. So from here on Mohan ji, how 
and what do we build for growth as we move towards FY '27? What I was trying to understand, 
given the base we have, most of the products are under the 5% GST slab now. So earlier, in most 
of our power brands, new user addition was missing. So is that going to be a big driver for 
growth? What categories could benefit. If you could comment on the sales trajectory, that will 
be helpful? 
Mohan Goenka: 
So Prakash, you are right. So our endeavor is always to get to double-digit growth. Of course, 
some of our brands are seasonal. A lot depends on that. But nevertheless, every brand has got a 
lot of opportunity because penetrations are still on the lower side for most of our brands. And 
because you rightly said that now the GST is at 5%, we are confident that the brand should get 
to close to double-digit growth. That is the target that we have given to the brand teams. 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Depending on the seasonality here and there, the numbers depend mostly on that. But still, our 
targets are to get to double digit. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay. And any specific categories you want to call out in terms of the power brand? Or given 
some of these changes which has happened, we should see growth momentum across most of 
our categories. And on the new user addition because that piece was really missing earlier. Is 
that now a big, big driver for growth? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Sorry, what was missing? 
Prakash Kapadia: 
New customer additions, new users to the... 
Mohan Goenka: 
Yes. So each brand, as I said in my con call that right now, our 50% of our communication is 
digital. So we are targeting the new consumers, particularly the youth consumers. And also now 
our contribution from modern trade and e-commerce has reached to almost 30%. So all this 
growth, whatever you see today is coming through these new age and young consumers. That 
has always been a target for us. 
 
At the same time, rural, which was not performing, we are seeing some growth coming in from 
rural areas. And with this reduction in GST rates, we are very hopeful that the rural should get 
to some momentum going forward. So brands which were growing to -- at 4%, 5%, they should 
get to about 8%, 9% growth. That is the first target that we have. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Understood. Understood. 
Mohan Goenka: 
The new age brands, that is The Man Company, Brillare, they are anyway firing, and we expect 
a higher growth coming in from there. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Yes. Yes. And lastly, one bookkeeping question. Rajesh, the amortization figure of INR23-odd 
crores every quarter, how long should that continue? And what is the balance sheet figure as on 
date, which is still left for amortization, if you have that ready? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So that will continue for another 3, 4 years, and the rate would come down gradually to INR80 
crores, INR70 crores and INR60 crores kind of. So gradually, it will come down. In the next 4 
years, it will completely be done. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Siddhesh Desmukh from IIFL Capital. 
Siddhesh Desmukh: 
My first question is with regards to Smart and Handsome. So we have made entry into new 
categories of sunscreen, deodorants, body wash, etcetera. Can you highlight how the initial 
response has been to these NPDs? And also, what is the strategy here? Is this a specific 
geographic or a channel-specific launch? How do you see this scaling up pan-India? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Yes. So we have just done a test market that is on specific channels. It's only digital right now. 
This is the response coming in from there. We will roll it out nationally. There are great learning 
from the initial launch. So we are again trying to revamp from there to roll it out nationally. 
Maybe in the second half of this year, we will roll it out. 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Siddhesh Desmukh: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, my second question is with regards to the demand trend. Can you highlight 
how the trends are shaping in rural as well as urban. Now that 88% of the portfolio has seen a 
GST rate cut to 5%, which are the categories which have seen a pickup in demand post the rate 
cut and which are the categories which are yet to see an uptick? 
Mohan Goenka: 
So see, most of the brands, particularly the winter has shown some signs of growth. And we are 
entering into the summer season. We will have to wait and see how the summer season because, 
as you know, the winter is extended in most parts of the country. So yet we are yet to see the 
loading of the summer season for now. But hopefully, in the next 15, 20 days, we will start 
loading our winter -- summer products. 
 
But as far as the demand is concerned, I don't see any challenge to get to 8%, 9% growth because 
we are increasingly focusing on our small SKUs. Next year, our big focus is on the shampoo 
sachets plus some other small SKUs for most of our brands. Even Smart and Handsome, we are 
increasingly focusing on our small SKUs now because we see a good revival in the rural markets 
next year. Because we have mostly addressed the needs of the modern trade and e-com and -- 
but now the fire has to come from the rural areas. And the next few quarters, that is our focus. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Harit Kapoor: 
The first thing is could you just give a sense of grammage increases that could have happened 
on account in the lower end in the LUPs that you have because of these GST rate cuts. Is that a 
sizable number that you would have put in? 
Mohan Goenka: 
So depending on the SKUs, whatever -- because the -- it was not possible to reduce the prices in 
the small SKUs. So whether it was 10%, 12%, accordingly, we have increased the grammages, 
different products... 
Harit Kapoor: 
Sorry, sorry, sorry. And what part of the portfolio would be how much percentage of the portfolio 
would that -- how much -- what percentage of the portfolio would that be where you've taken 
this 10% odd reduction? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Around 20%. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And should that volume fully reflect into quarter 4 rather than quarter 3, where some changes 
would have still been made? Is that the right way to think about it? 
Mohan Goenka: 
I don't think the full impact has come in quarter 3. 
Harit Kapoor: 
You don't think it's come in quarter 3? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Yes, Navratna is still not factored in. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes. Okay. Perfect. And the second thing was on hair oil. So Kesh King has done well for you. 
So obviously, it's a portfolio play now in terms of number of products there. But you've seen 7 
in One also where -- which had an amazing few years and then a slight weakness and now again, 
growing very fast. But it seems like value-added across companies is actually doing quite well. 
Just -- could you just -- your sense of what's driving this? Is it a low base? Is it something else 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
that's kind of driving up this value-added market. Because even your -- even the other players 
are actually doing quite well. So your prognosis of what's happening here? 
Manish Gupta: 
Sure. So to answer your question, as you know from the previous calls, we had mentioned about 
BCG working with us to refresh and rejuvenate brand Kesh King. So those results have started. 
We relaunched it around August, September. There was a bit of a disruption due to the GST and 
stuff. 
 
But October onwards, the relaunch is in full flow. So you're seeing the first impact in the quarter 
already. 7 Oils has a similar story as well, and it's on a good growth path. So we hope the 
momentum to continue. But there is a long way to go because we did decline for the last few 
quarters sequentially. So I guess with every passing quarter, we should start climbing back. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And Manish, you see this as a market phenomenon because everybody else around is also 
reporting fairly stellar numbers in mid-premium and above hair oil portfolio. So I just wanted to 
-- like do you think it's a base thing also because not only you but others also would have declined 
in same period as last year. Is that a factor at play as well? 
Manish Gupta: 
You're right. See, last year was a different story. I'm talking about 3 things. One is, of course, in 
the last couple of years, let's say, there was softness in the numbers of both these brands. So yes, 
that has played a role. GST disruption had a role, but the bigger story is what is the organic 
growth. The organic part is about relaunching it, redeploying it, putting the new plans, new 
communication, addressing the consumer concerns which came out, that's the hope for the 
future. So far, it looks good. And I guess as we get into Q4 and then Q1, we'll be able to build 
further credentials on it. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Right. And last thing from my end, you kind of spoke about rural. Obviously, rural is an 
important part of the overall strategy. So are you saying that compared to maybe last year or the 
last few quarters, the initial -- the sense that you're getting now is that rural is seeing an 
incremental kind of pickup. Is that what kind of your teams on the ground are hinting at? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Yes, Harit. So absolutely. And we have seen some good demand for our sachets in the rural 
markets. And all the focus for the company was also to build e-comm, modern trade and the new 
age brands. But because of the GST cuts, at least internally, we have said that the next growth 
drivers should come from rural and our focus would be increasingly going into rural markets.  
 
We will, of course, keep our eye on the modern trade e-commerce, quick commerce. That is 
always there. But rural also can fire, I think, going forward. And now as I said, summer, we have 
to build now the summer portfolio. And it's -- rural is a big play as far as the summer is 
concerned, both for talc and Navratna oil. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amnish Aggarwal for PL Capital. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
A couple of questions. First being that given the fact that the GST transition got completed in 
the month of November only. So is there a probability that next quarter, again, we will have 
strong momentum with likelihood of, say, close to double-digit kind of a top line growth? 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
That is what we expect that hopefully, we should get to double-digit growth. The only caveat is 
winter is extended, and we have to get to the summer. Navratna Oil and Navratna talc and 
Dermicool are big summer brands. And we have to load these 3 products now in the month of 
February and March. Yes. And last year basis were very, very high as far as the summer brands 
are concerned.  
 
But see, these are just numbers. If it doesn't come in this quarter, it will come in next quarter 
because -- anyway, for the summer brands, we are at a lower base. But the momentum is what 
we will have to capture. As I said, that the momentum looks good as far as the rural is concerned. 
And our dealers are holding very less stocks. So I don't see any reason that we can't build on the 
summer portfolio as soon as the season starts. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
Okay. So my next question is on the tax rate because as I think it is being indicated that the MAT 
credit changes have happened. And now we will be having, I think, 70 -- 80, 70, 60 and 40 as 
MAT credit. So the effective tax rate, which currently is around, say, adjusting for everything 
around 10, 10.5. So what should we pencil in as tax rate for the coming 2, 3 years? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So Amnish, before this budget announcement, union budget announcement, our tax rate was 
expected to go to the normal tax rate of 35% from next year. But with this recent announcement, 
now it is going to be 25% tax rate. So in fact, it has come down with the recent proposed 
amendments in the union budget. So going ahead, we should be at a 25% tax rate and also utilize 
25% of our tax liability from MAT credit, which will continue for 5, 6 years minimum. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
Okay. So it means that we should look at 25.5% kind of a tax rate and then the MAT credit 
number, which you have indicated, so that will get deducted from... 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, right. So that would be for stand-alone entity. And we have some subsidiaries which are 
still in investment stage. We have international subsidies. So overall tax rate for the consol entity 
should be below that level. around 20% kind of. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naveen Trivedi from Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited. 
Naveen Trivedi: 
Sure, sir. And post this quarter 3, how should we look at our trade inventories? Are we -- have 
we -- because October would have been kind of unfavorable from GST point of view. So can 
we expect that after like completion of quarter 3, now our trade inventories are in similar lines? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Sorry, I'm not clear, Naveen, what is your ask? 
Naveen Trivedi: 
My ask was that since we have seen GST restocking, destocking in the last 3, 4 months, have 
we reached to a level where our trade inventories are now normal? And... 
Mohan Goenka: 
Absolutely. I think we have great -- we have no excess inventories as far as the trade is 
concerned. 
Naveen Trivedi: 
Sure, sure. 
Mohan Goenka: 
And they're very well, I think. We have migrated very well. 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Naveen Trivedi: 
Fair point. So because 9 months, we were kind of flat on revenue side. I just thought maybe any 
specific brands where we kind of... 
Mohan Goenka: 
That was primarily because of the summer. You know this year, summer was extremely poor. 
And it was primarily because of summer, we lost almost 5%, 6% of our growth. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Congrats on good numbers. My first question is on the profitability of each distribution channel. 
Yesterday, one large FMCG company said that the new age channels, modern trade, e-
commerce, quick commerce, those are more profitable than general trade because the 
distribution layers of intermediaries are not there in the new age channel, plus I think more 
premium packs, large packs may also sell more on those channels. Could in your categories also, 
this be largely true or there is some kind of aberration here? 
Mohan Goenka: 
No, Abneesh, I have maintained always that in our case, it is the reverse. In our case, the GT is 
more compared to the modern trade. The lowest is the e-commerce. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And what is the reason for that. Why it's different? Because intermediaries, you will be saving 
costs. But yes, the promotions are higher on? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Yes, absolutely, only because of the promotions that we offer there. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Okay. Understood. And in terms of the last point which you mentioned in the answer to previous 
question, FY '26, summer categories have seen the brand, so beer players, soft drinks and 
carbonated drinks and your categories. So here, specific question is, generally, when we see such 
aberration next year generally is favorable because last year, La Nina effect was there? 
 
But specific question is, how does trade behave? Do they stock up inventory because last year, 
they must have burned some fingers there. So is that a pushback? And what is your expectation 
of whatever you could gather from the weather forecast? Is it going to be a bumper summer 
season for you this time? 
Manish Gupta: 
I think it's a pretty valid question. So what happens is, in this case, obviously, the sentiment 
changes because of the recent history. Last to last year, in FY '25, the summer was really, really 
bumper. The pipelines go dry. So you have a very great start next summer, which we had last 
year. So this year, the situation reverses a bit. 
 
But thankfully, because of GST and other things, it's not such an unsurmountable challenge. 
Having said that, what happens is in the beginning, trade becomes a little cautious. And we are 
cognizant of that. Our pipelines are nice. We are playing accordingly. Over the next 2, 3 weeks, 
I think once as the weather starts opening up, things will start flowing. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And you expect the bumper summer season this year based on whatever scientific data is 
available? 
Manish Gupta: 
My job is to expect a bumper summer every year. I would pray for that, but you know like 
summer and winter is something we've seen recently in the last 4, 5 years, the whole country is 
erratic when both summer and winter can shock you. 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
Abneesh, you are right, we are sitting on a small base. And so I think looking at a 3-year CAGR, 
we are taking aggressive numbers. Why not. At least in the beginning of the season, the fourth 
quarter, for summer, we have a high base, as Manish explained. Last year, it was very good. So 
every dealer stocked the product in the fourth quarter. 
 
But this year, we have slightly challenged that our winter is extended, and they are being a little 
cautious. But this is every year, we see this. It doesn't matter to us. But hopefully, this year 
should be much better than the last year. There is no doubt in it. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Understood. Last quick question on the macro. So one is on GST benefit to FMCG, based on 
the results, at least, it seems food companies, noodles and biscuit companies seem to be the big 
winner based on Q3 numbers, whatever has come out. And hair oil companies also seem to be 
reasonable beneficiary. If you could comment on your take on GST benefits on FMCG in general 
and for your categories? That is my first question. 
 
And second, on rural consumption, the G RAM G scheme in NREGA scheme, the outlay seems 
to have reduced sharply at least headline number. Would you be worried given it's an on-demand 
kind of a scheme plus this time, the central and state government both have a role there. So what 
would be your take on NREGA capital support for this year? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Abneesh, honestly, our penetration is not that these schemes matter so much. What really matters 
is always the seasonality, what we have seen in the past. So I don't see any impact of those 
schemes going down or up. Our products are available at INR1, INR2, INR5, INR10 pack. That 
doesn't have much major impact. 
 
What we will have is that overall, as I said, our focus in the last few quarters was very much on 
MT e-comm and quick comm, that is still there, but we have deployed a good amount of people 
in the rural for our sachets. If the season is with us, then I don't see any reason why should we 
not get to close to 8% to 10% growth. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And GST benefit, where are you seeing maximum in your categories and overall? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Abneesh, all our products have now come to 5% other than just the Smart and Handsome 
portfolio. So we are seeing benefit across. It depends on the product. Again, it is very difficult 
for me to say sometimes what fires, sometimes what doesn't fire. It is very difficult to pinpoint. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raman KV from Sequent Investments. 
Raman VK: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. I just have one question on the rural aspect. If you can 
quantify the growth figures which you saw during this quarter. And also if you can give a 
ballpark contribution towards -- from rural business towards your entire consolidated revenue, 
that will be helpful? 
Manish Gupta: 
Could you be a little more specific around it so that I can... 
Raman VK: 
I just want to understand like in terms of quantification, can you just quantify the rural growth 
that you witnessed during this quarter? 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Manish Gupta: 
So we'll have to wait a little bit because the Nielsen results will come out only in a while. See, 
what we do is right now, we have the primary input numbers. The rural offtake numbers will 
take a bit of a while. But usually, I mean, this would be obviously a better quarter than the 
previous one. 
Raman VK: 
If you can -- can you provide -- was it a low single digit or high single digit or mid double-digit 
that kind of? 
Manish Gupta: 
No, so it's a double-digit number, of course, right? I mean, considering that the overall numbers 
are in that space. And the middle and the rural part will be better than the upper India, let's say, 
the top India. 
Raman VK: 
Understood, sir. And sir, from the entire portfolio, what percentage is consummated by rural 
demand? 
Manish Gupta: 
About -- it's about 48-52 split in favor of rural from an offtake perspective. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Gupta from Emkay Global. 
Nitin Gupta: 
My first question pertains to digital brands. So just wanted to check on the areas he had worked 
on and how are we placed now with the digital brands growth? 
Giriraj Bagri: 
Quarter-on-quarter, we've seen growth strengthen in the digital brands. And this quarter, we've 
seen a very robust 31% growth over last year. And this growth in the coming quarters, we expect 
to sustain this robust growth. Have I answered your question? 
Nitin Gupta: 
Yes. So can you -- I was basically looking to -- in terms of action we have taken in the portfolio, 
would you like to highlight any specific action which sort of has helped us sort of revive the 
growth in the digital brand portfolio? 
Giriraj Bagri: 
Yes. Given the very nature of the brands which are digital in nature, we are seeing very strong 
growth coming through quick commerce and through our D2C websites in a broad basis and 
some marketplaces on a selective basis. We're also seeing significant growth coming from some 
of our new innovations is the Rosemary Oil Shots, some perfumes that we are seeing strong 
growth under The Man Company. And we have done a lot of renovation work as far as our 
grooming category is concerned, which is just about to hit the market towards end of December, 
and you will see some more additional benefits accruing in the coming quarters. 
Nitin Gupta: 
My second and last question pertains to this ayurvedic portfolio. What is the ayurvedic export 
share in our health care business? So government has announced to take some steps around 
improving the outlook for the ayurvedic offering. So do you see this as a potential driver of 
business for us? 
Gul Raj Bhatia: 
Thank you for the question. As of now, the ayurvedic portfolio for exports is very, very low, 
predominantly because of registration issues in most of the countries where we could probably 
see potential. I know that government through the business -- the Rexel organization is working 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
towards getting registration sorted out, but it's still a long process. So it will take some time for 
ayurvedic medicines to be scaled up. It will take a few years in my view. 
 
There may be short-term opportunities or medium-term opportunities coming in from certain 
countries through the supplements route where certain products are allowed to be registered as 
health supplements. But then that market again needs to be developed and invested upon for the 
local people. Where there are Indians, there is an opportunity for products like Chyawanprash, 
et cetera. And there is a market for a product like Ashwagandha in the U.S. But beyond that, it 
needs a lot of investments to grow that market. So it's not a short-term or a medium-term game. 
It's a long-term game to be played. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajay Thakur from Anand Rathi Securities. 
Ajay Thakur: 
So I had 2 questions. One was more on the growth in the Male Grooming segment. It's at around 
4-odd percent. It looks slightly subdued despite the fact that we have revamped this like last -- 
maybe last year itself. So I just wanted to get a sense on what is kind of the issues or what are 
the major factors which is kind of impacting the growth over here? 
Mohan Goenka: 
So Ajay, you are right. The Male Grooming, particularly the Smart and Handsome range has not 
been growing for some time despite of the best effort.. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Okay. Understood. Sir, second question was on the Bangladesh market. How has the 
performance been in that market given the turmoil we have seen, has that had any implication 
on our sales or any impact on our business over there? 
Vivek Dhir: 
Yes. Bangladesh per se, in market sales, we have registered a good double-digit growth, but 
somehow we were correcting certain pipeline. But in the primary sales, you will reflect a very 
low single digit growth. So the market performance has been pretty impressive, and we have 
seen a very good revival in Bangladesh in last quarter. 
 
And something similar is continuing in this quarter as well. But we are going to witness the 
elections on around 12th of February this year. And then Bangladesh is getting into long holidays 
in March due to Ramadan and Eid vacations. So let us see. Let's hope for the best. But otherwise, 
our demand is showing very robust growth in the marketplace. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Understood. Secondly, if I were to look at it in terms of the international business, the overall 
growth at 9% versus the headline growth in most of the markets like be it SAARC, be it MENA 
has shown a very decent growth. So what is the segment or what is the market which is kind of 
pulling it down? 
Vivek Dhir: 
So we have faced certain pressures in what we call as other MENA like Iraq and some lukewarm 
response in certain North African markets. So that is where we have with a lukewarm. But most 
of the other markets, even our business spans in Southeast Asia, SAARC, Russia, CIS, parts of 
Africa have all shown very good double-digit growth. Certain markets have not been able to 
perform and in fact, Iraq has declined. So that is the reason to have an overall growth of around 
9%. 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prashant, an Individual Investor. 
Prashant: 
So my first question is how many retail touch points did we have as of 31st December. What is 
our target for 31st March and FY '27 exit? 
Manish Gupta: 
This is Manish here. So I'll speak for the India numbers. Indirectly, we are present in over 5 
million stores, Navratna being the deepest penetrated brand for us. And other brands could be in 
the range of anything from 5 lakh to 30 lakh depending on the brand. 
 
As far as March is concerned, I mean, we have no special initiatives to expand this coverage. I 
mean, if you've been following our calls over the last few quarters, we want to consolidate and 
grow more lines in the stores, grow more assortment, grow more depth and develop the mart 
stores and other stuff. So the idea is to focus and chew well what we have. 
Prashant: 
Okay. The reason is, I mean, in one of the earlier questions, I heard that, I mean, quite a few of 
our products in the smaller price range, I mean, like INR1, INR2, INR5 pouches. So aligned to 
the numbers you gave out, I mean, are we seeing a traction for these smaller sized products in 
the e-commerce also or those are largely flowing through the traditional route? 
Manish Gupta: 
Yes, it's mostly traditional. I mean most of the LUPs in the small packs below INR100 are not 
e-comm and MT friendly for viability reasons. In fact, they actually seek products above 150 to 
200 usually, especially in the personal care side. 
Prashant: 
So in light of that also, I mean, you would like to keep the retail footprint at this level and 
consolidate? 
Manish Gupta: 
No, no. See, this is a very good reach. This is a damn good reach for a company of our size and 
staff. The brand pulls in. And we -- like for most FMCG companies, anything from 50% to 60% 
sales comes in through the wholesale channels, which India is very well developed on. And 
through the multilayer wholesale, the brand reach is more than 5 million stores. So we -- there's 
not a dearth of pull on our brand equity. I mean our network is present in over 8,000 towns. So 
in terms of ability to reach hinterland of India, we have no problems. 
Prashant: 
Okay. Fair enough. My second question was in terms of hair oil. I mean, some of your 
competitors have like one North Chyawanprash famous company, another almond oil company, 
they have moved into coconut oil. Your -- any plans from your side to move into that category? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Prashant, right now, we don't have plans. 
Prashant: 
Any particular reason or that's not a viable because it's not viable or if anything specific you 
can? 
Mohan Goenka: 
That I can't be very specific, Prashant, but right now, we don't have plans. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from IIFL Capital. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, firstly, just wanted to understand how do we read 
this performance? So 2Q was impacted by channel destocking. And this quarter, we would have 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
restocked the channel and that benefit is there. Now if I look at 2Q plus 3Q, which basically 
offsets for this destocking and restocking, it is a flat performance. 1Q, I understand was impacted 
by a poor summer, but 2Q plus 3Q adjusted for this phenomenon is also flat. So our secondaries 
and tertiaries growing in line with primaries. How do we read this performance? 
Manish Gupta: 
Again, Manish here. I'll speak for the domestic India business. So you're right. I mean, from a 
secondary perspective, excluding talc, we are in mid-single higher digit side. Talc is what the 
issue was in Q1 and Q2. But otherwise, from a tertiary secondary perspective, the pipeline is 
very nice. We are very clean, no issues on that front. 
Sameer Gupta: 
So mid- to high single digit for the 9 months, excluding talc, that's what you're saying? 
Manish Gupta: 
Correct. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Not this quarter. This quarter would have been... 
Manish Gupta: 
This quarter, the talc wasn't there. So this is -- this quarter is like practically talc is almost nil. 
So the entire thing is... 
Sameer Gupta: 
But this quarter, you would have seen an upstocking benefit in primary. So what would be the 
secondary growth for this quarter? 
Manish Gupta: 
No, no, there is no upstocking in this quarter. There's no upstocking. That's what I said. See, the 
secondaries for us in a 9-month period are ahead of primary. There is no upstocking in the 9-
month period or in this quarter. 
Sameer Gupta: 
But Manish, if 2Q had got impacted because of destocking because of GST cuts and channel 
was basically not buying, waiting for the new GST rates to be applicable, it is natural for them 
to upstock to a normal level of inventory in the third quarter? 
Manish Gupta: 
No, no, no. But channel did -- by the way, we also couldn't sell. We also suffered losses as you've 
seen in the quarter 2 results. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Second question is on winter. So there has been a mixed feedback across companies on how the 
winters have been. So some companies have called out a harsher winter this time. Some 
companies have called it a harsher, but the onset was very delayed. In Northern and Western 
part, there was virtually no winter until the second week of December. So what has been your 
feedback? I'm just trying to understand that. 
Manish Gupta: 
It's very simple. In hindsight, it's very simple. The winter/summer cycles are getting erratic. For 
us, for this year, October, November were damn good. The winter set in very early. November 
was superb. December, first half got warm. December, second half was again very good. 
January, first half, especially in the hindi Heartland got warm. January, second fortnight was 
very good. Right now, it's on the colder side. So it's like -- yes. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And the disparities geography-wise, North, South, East, West would be similar or there are 
varied differences there? 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 04, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Manish Gupta: 
Most of it is dominated by the North, of course. But overall, from a number perspective, I think 
we had a pretty good winter brand outcomes, and that's what matters. 
ohan Goenka: 
Sameer, to also answer on Manish's question, you are right. So the winter was very harsh. But 
in winter, some portfolios have done exceedingly well, like BoroPlus Lotion has done 
exceedingly well compared to the BoroPlus antiseptic cream. So it is -- again, it is not like just 
because the winter was very harsh. So all the brands of winters fired. There is also a difference 
in our portfolio's growth, okay. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, Mohanji. That's very helpful. Last question, if I may squeeze in. What would be the 
blended price decrease for Emami at a portfolio level for the consumer? So there is a GST cut 
for 80%, 90% of your portfolio, different buckets of GST cuts for different products. But at a 
consumer, at a portfolio level, what would be the price decrease effective post the GST cut from 
23rd September? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Yes. Roughly about 8%. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Rajesh Sharmaa: 
Thank you, Sameer. Thank you, IIFL, and thank you all the participants for joining us today for 
our Q3 results conference call. Thank you. Have a good day. 
Manish Gupta: 
Thank you. 
Giriraj Bagri: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of IIFL Capital Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer - The following transcript has been edited for language, errors and grammar and therefore, it may not be a 
verbatim representation of the call 
 
