 
 
 
March 4, 2026 
 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)
Exchange Plaza,  
C-1, Block G Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: ELGIEQUIP 
BSE Limited (BSE)
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 522074 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Subject: Transcript of Annual Analyst/ Investor MeeƟng 2026 held on February 26, 2026 
 
Pursuant to RegulaƟon 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (LisƟng 
ObligaƟons and Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons, 2015 (“LisƟng RegulaƟons”), please 
ﬁnd enclosed herewith the transcript of the Annual Analysts/ Investor Meet held on Thursday, 
February 26, 2026.  
 
The aforesaid informaƟon is also being made available on the Company’s website at 
hƩps://www.elgi.com/in/analyst-conferences/.  
 
The above is for your informaƟon and record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
FOR ELGI EQUIPMENTS LIMITED 
 
ROHIT GUPTE 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
MEMBERSHIP NO.: A12422 
 
Encl: As above 
ROHIT 
JAGANNA
TH GUPTE
Digitally signed by 
ROHIT JAGANNATH 
GUPTE 
Date: 2026.03.04 
15:53:46 +05'30'

Annual Analyst/ Investor Meeting- 2026 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for taking the time out to be with us. 
As promised, we have brought the show to Mumbai and I hope I can see that it's very popular 
because generally when we do it in Coimbatore, we have one-fourth the number, so it's great to 
have all of you. As per your request, we are going to speak less in our presentation and give more 
time for the Q&A. So having said that, I want to move quickly towards what I want to say. You've 
seen this multiple times. I don't want to say too much it is just a status of where we are in terms 
of the size of the organization. Only highlight is this is last year's number. We'll talk about estimate 
for this year in the subsequent presentations. Our purpose is critical for us. This is what drives us. 
Our purpose is conscience in action and these seven values drive our behaviour across all our 
stakeholders. Now, earlier what was in the left-hand side was our values. We have now converted 
some of them into verbs, verb form and we have also removed some and added a few and this is 
really what guides us. 
Our presence globally, not much of change. We still continue to do business in 120 plus 
countries, 28 countries where we are directly present and manufacturing in three locations. On 
the left-hand side are the subsidiaries that we acquired and continue to run. On the right-hand 
side are our joint ventures that we have both in the U.S. and in India and we have a license 
agreement with DVP for vacuum. Our leadership team on the left-hand side is our corporate team 
and on the right-hand side is our team driving many of our regions. A little bit of history. 1960 we 
built. The transformation really happened in 1992. We started changing the direction of the 
company. 1992 to around 2013 is when we built the foundations for the company. 20 years in 
terms of technology, in terms of experiments with various strategies, manufacturing systems and 
in 2013 we said OKAY now we're ready to go and conquer the world and that's where we started 
and that's been the journey since then. Various events during that time and now we are in 2026, 
and we continue to remain strong, continue to go down the path that we set out for ourselves in 
the early 90s.  Manufacturing is one of our prides of ownership. We make some of the best 
compressors in the world. Quality is the best in the world, no doubt about it. Performance is the 
best in the world, there is no doubt about it. This is something that just didn't happen over time. I 
mean suddenly; it took us almost 25 years and we still continue to invest in that. We do strategic, 
selective, backward integration and this is a reﬂection of all that we have done. Foundry, motor 
production, our own pressure vessel and some of the machining that we do and the machines 
that we build for ourselves. Deming was a great milestone for us, but Deming is just a milestone, 
it's not the end and for us, we are not happy with where we are. I think there is a lot to be done, lot 
more to be done and we are continuing to drive that in the organization in the fundamental 
principles of TQM. 
Product oƯerings, I think my colleagues will be talking a lot more, but this is just a glimpse of what 
our application industries are. This is one of the virtues of being in the compressor business, we 
are not dependent on any one industry. We cut across all, so utility just like electricity, every 
factory needs it and that's the advantage that we have in our business. 
Various types of compressors for various segments of customers, diƯerent both industrial and 
portable and construction and mining, small compressors, large compressors, accessories and 
all kinds of downstream ﬁltration systems. Great products for the railways, the one on the left 
here is the one that we ﬁnally won the tender from Siemens, the supplies have started, is doing 
exceedingly well. Our accessories, so this is really what I wanted to present, and we'll come back 
and take your questions. I'll then request my colleague next to come and present. 
 

Moderator: 
Thank you so much Dr. Jay for perspective on ELGI's purpose, progress and global direction and 
now I would request Mr. Anvar Jay Vardaraj, Executive Director to take us through the region-wide 
sale performance. Over to you sir. 
Anvar Jay Varadaraj: 
Thank you everyone, it's a pleasure to be here, I appreciate you having us. So, I have the honour 
of taking you through some strong performance for the year and get to represent some of our 
regional leaders here to share the performance. So, starting with ISAAME, so ISSAME includes 
India, South Asia, Africa and Middle East. We've done very well this year, we expect to close with 
a strong set of numbers and when I look at our core segments which is the industrial business, 
construction and mining and railways, we've grown very well and I think the common thread 
across these segments is that our teams especially in sales have done a fantastic job of 
identifying new opportunities and converting them at high levels of quality. So just to give you an 
example, we've run a go-to-market project in our industrial business and the core of the project 
was to go out and identify new opportunities and new customers and why that's so important for 
our business is that the nature of customer behaviour in compressed air is that there is a general 
tendency to stick with what you have. It is not a productive asset in your factory and as a result, 
unless the existing manufacturer has done very badly, the tendency is to rinse and repeat. So, the 
ability for us to identify where these opportunities are and build relationships in advance of a 
replacement ends up being critical to us converting that customer to ELGI in the future. So, 
knowledge of that customer and visibility ends up being the ﬁrst challenge. The second challenge 
is when you do get to the table, what is it that you bring in order to make a compelling value 
proposition? First one is obviously how we communicate our value across reliability, energy 
eƯiciency and service but the second is bringing actual meaningful technology to the forefront 
and this is where tools such as Demand=Match where we're able to provide energy eƯiciency and 
reliability without any compromise on either cost or total cost of ownership ends up being an 
important tool for conversion. So, these are just two examples of how we've been able to win in 
the market and especially as we continue to look to grow the brand, we continue to invest in not 
just go-to-market initiatives but also continuous technology improvements as well. So, I talked a 
little bit about our initiatives in India.  
So going into the Middle East, I wanted to talk a little bit about that because we hear that there's 
a lot of bullishness about setting up manufacturing, general investment and production and this 
is a market that we've been investing in for a long time. In fact, we went through two phases in 
these markets. So taking UAE as an example, we ﬁrst started oƯ with a channel-only model and 
once we realized that the channel-only model could get us to x percentage of growth, we have 
now pivoted to direct sales and this is a very important market for us because we've taken a lot of 
the learnings that we've had from our India go-to-market strategy both from a talent perspective, 
people who have helped us succeed in India and also from a process perspective to adopt in this 
market. So, we are very well set up for the opportunities that will come up especially in the UAE 
and Saudi. Southeast Asia for us has been a refreshed market for this year and primarily we 
focused on bringing on board new leadership that can help us co-create a new strategy for these 
key regions. The market is very attractive, upwards of 700 million dollars annually and we now 
have the product portfolio both in terms of the high end of the segment where customers value 
eƯiciency and also in the low end of the segment where it's more price driven. So, I'm actually 
quite excited to see what this market will bring forth for us in the next few years. What didn't really 
work so well for us, partially not in our control; Some of the US tariƯs as my father showed the 
diƯerent segments, they had varying impacts on the diƯerent segments. So, at a point at which 
the tariƯs were upwards of 50 percent, customers in segments like textiles weren't necessarily 

keen on upgrading or investing in new capacity. Now with a little bit more stability expected, we 
expect to see some investments coming up. But I think this is also another example of how some 
of the bearishness in industries such as textiles have been oƯset by other industries that have 
grown well for us including semiconductors.  
So, moving on to North America, our second largest market. So just as a brief overview of our 
North American business, our North American business is comprised of four divisions. First ELGI 
Industrial, this is the business that supplies air compressors to independent distributors 
throughout the country. Second ELGI Distribution Operations, this business houses the two 
acquisitions that we've made in distribution, Patton's and Michigan Air. ELGI Portable 
Compressors, this is the business that sources portable air compressors from Rotair to supply 
for infrastructure and rental applications in the US. And ﬁnally, Patton's Medical, the medical air 
and gas business. Now we've had a very good year in North America, record revenue driven by the 
ELGI Industrial business and Patton's Medical. In the ELGI Industrial business, we've doubled our 
sales capacity, basically the number of people who are calling on distributors and this has 
eƯectively helped convert a lot of distributors from competition to our fold. And we continue to 
have a good momentum at the pace at which we're converting distributors. Patton's Medical has 
been a success story as well. We've been expanding in regions such as California and the 
Northeast, in New York, where we've had relatively lower presence. The Portables business has 
been a challenge, and this is primarily due to the tariƯs from Italy. Now the Portables business is 
structurally not as proﬁtable business because it doesn't have a large aftermarket component, 
and the overall proﬁtability of that business is lower. So, when we had 17 percent tariƯs, that 
eƯectively hurt a lot of the proﬁts at North America. Now unlike our industrial business, we had 
fewer levers to address that during the year, but we have kicked oƯ a couple of projects to be able 
to undertake some transformational measures to improve the proﬁtability in the business. But I 
think one thing that I'm extremely proud of and a big credit to some of our cross-functional leaders 
here is that we have signiﬁcantly improved the operational hygiene of ELGI North America, which 
means we've been able to bring in a lot of rigor to areas such as inventory management and AR 
and cash and also we've been able to move a lot of the cost for non-revenue activities to India. I 
expect that we will continue to do so, which means that we will have a lot more investment that 
we can unlock in revenue-facing positions and activities. Just the last thing that I want to say is 
that the distribution businesses, this is a bit of a mixed bag. So, the distribution business has two 
components. One is the direct sales of equipment and then the service of equipment. The direct 
sales of equipment was below target and there's a number of reasons for this. One is our brand 
being less well known requires a lot more investment at the top of the funnel, marketing enablers, 
brand pull and such. And so those investments will take time. We started doing this last year, so I 
expect to see signiﬁcant growth at the last quarter of this year and also going into the new year. 
That's point number one. Point number two, the bright spot is our service business. This is the 
service of not just ELGI equipment that we've sold but also multi-brand air compressors. This 
business has been on target both in terms of revenue and proﬁtability and we've signiﬁcantly 
reduced the cost of running that business. So, in the next couple of years, I expect to see 
transformation across both of these businesses. The success of this business is very important 
for ELGI North America because ultimately as we move, as we saturate the distribution channel 
more and more, we need to be able to eƯectively run a direct sales organization.  
 
So, moving on to Europe, as an overview Europe comprises of two areas for us. First is the Rotair 
business which is our manufacturing facility for portable air compressors based in Italy. One of 
the largest customers is ELGI North America amongst other large customers in Europe and the 
Middle East. and second is the ELGI Europe which is the equivalent of the industrial business in 

North America. Europe has been a challenge for us. So, our core markets include Spain, UK, 
France and Italy. Across these markets we've grown share but all of these markets have very low 
rates of growth. In fact, some have been de-growing. So, which means that only the replacement 
market is really accessible to us. So, as a result our growth numbers have not really been in line 
with what our overall expectations were. But we've pivoted quickly, we've restructured that 
business, we've moved a lot of operational cost out and we've instead reinvested in more of a 
direct sales force in some of those key markets. I expect that some of those investments will start 
to bear fruit in the next couple of quarters. But generally, we've signiﬁcantly reduced the cost base 
of the business and as my dad said in the next couple of years I expect to see strong proﬁtability. 
Rotair, the tariƯs have been a challenge. The largest market has become less proﬁtable for them 
and like I said we're working with the Rotair team now to bring about a few transformational 
initiatives to reduce cost. 
Next, Australia. Australia is a very stable and proﬁtable market for us. Australia is probably 
structurally the most proﬁtable market which means we have the best pricing and margins on the 
equipment and also on service. Given that it's a remote location that tends to be the case for most 
categories in Australia. So, Australia is made up again of two businesses. One is ELGI Australia 
which supplies air compressors to channel partners across the country and here we've done a 
fantastic job of being able to onboard new distributors which is a fantastic eƯort given that you 
have a fairly limited set of distributors that have been quite loyal. So, the strength and 
performance of our machines and unbeatable pricing are two levers that have really driven that. 
The second business is our Pulford business which is the equivalent to Patton's in North America. 
It's the direct sales and service organization. We've actually restructured the sales organization 
and in places like Sydney they've done a fantastic job of gaining market share and whereas we 
still have a long way to go in places like Victoria, Melbourne where we're starting with a low base 
and there's a lot of opportunity. The service business does need some improvement and similar 
to Patton's we've brought about some technology tools that will automate the service process 
which will allow us to spend much more time with customers. Overall, we're pretty conﬁdent that 
we have a good foundation in Australia for us to continue to grow and the market will continue to 
stay stable.  
So, I won't spend too much time on this, but this echoes what my father was saying. This pie chart 
shows the breakup of our business for the industrial screw air compressor range in India and I 
think the key message here is really the diversity of industry that make up our customer base and 
in fact even the largest segment which is 30 percent general engineering is probably made up of 
ﬁve to ten industries that are actually quite distinct such as fabrication and woodworking. So, 
with our channel and direct approach we have eƯective access across these diƯerent segments 
and we have very key strategies that are quite distinct to be able to tackle customer needs across 
these diƯerent segments. Moving on, this is the same pie chart for the oil free segment which 
tends to be less diverse and oil free air for example with pharma is absolutely critical. It's almost 
a statutory requirement that for their processes they need oil free air and also when you look at 
our second biggest segment such as with power plants you need it for instrumentation and for 
applications such as power that also have high volume of air required. Oil free air tends to be 
more energy eƯicient than lubricated compressors. Most of our oil free portfolio or rather all of 
our oil free portfolio goes through our direct channel which means our sales people and our 
service people cater to these customers because there's generally a higher level of sophistication 
and this segment has also been included in our go-to-market eƯorts where we go out and actively 
try to ﬁnd new customers and ﬁnally construction and mining where we have the least customer 
diversity. So, the biggest segment is construction so if you ever see a construction site hopefully 
you see an ELGI machine that's attached to a jackhammer that's used for road construction. On 
the mining application blue metal quarry is one example where our machines run and ﬁnally for 

water well applications especially popular down south where our machines work for rig operators 
that are putting in bore wells. Lead time availability and reliability is extremely key for this 
business and I think the one thing that we've done a fantastic job of credit to the product 
management and R&D team is that we've been much better and faster about bringing on product 
upgrades and new products to ensure that the changing needs of the customers are being 
addressed. So, thank you very much for your time and attention. So, I will hand it oƯ back to you 
to introduce the next person. 
Moderator: 
Yes thank you so much Mr. Anvar. Next up ladies and gentlemen I would like to invite on stage Mr. 
Indranil Sen, Chief Financial OƯicer to take us through the business performance. 
Indranil Sen: 
Thank you, Anvar, for taking us through the business segments in detail. Ladies and gentlemen 
hope you're having a good time. I have few slides. I'll let the numbers do the talking but give you 
some context of how we have performed this year in spite of various challenges that came during 
this year. So I think as a start point we all were faced with tariƯ as a subject this year and we kind 
of successfully navigated that challenge through quick actions in terms of our ability to pass on 
some price increases to the market. We were also quite sharp in terms of our ability to accelerate 
our cost reduction programs both on the development side and also on the indirect overhead 
spend side and that's how we kind of navigated that challenge.  
So, the combination of all the segments will result in about 11% growth for us in this ﬁscal. I think 
the parts are clearly articulated. ISAAME still continues to be our main revenue bearer but what 
is more important and pleasing to see is North America. I think North America if you would have 
seen in Anvar's slide, we are now gone back to our FY23 levels. FY24 we had a hiccup due to our 
ERP implementation. It took us a year to kind of consolidate back and I'm happy to report we are 
back to the levels that we were in FY23 which also has given us and also has been backed by 
some of the processes that Anvar talked about. There have been the processes that have been 
more stable now, so hence we are able to get some solid results. Industrials, medicals and 
portable all three segments kind of ﬁred this year. Distribution operations remains an area of 
focus but we are quite conﬁdent that we have a roadmap in place for us to turn that around in 
next year. Europe as a market I think was constrained by the macroeconomic condition also by 
virtue of tariƯ. Indirectly a lot of Europe exports to US in our Rotair business got impacted because 
of tariƯ and hence the growth that you see is quite minimum. It's more break-even performance. 
Australia also I think the industrial business grew well. The distribution business is where we still 
have some work to do and Australia also had some good one-time opportunities in the last ﬁscal 
so currently those are not there. ATS similar to ISAAME has been registering strong double-digit 
growth every year. So combined as a group we've got a 11% growth. There is an impact of 
exchange, but about couple of basis points of exchange gain also helped us boost this result. So, 
it's adjusting for exchange our growth would have been about 9%.  
This is a slide which talks about the mix of performance of India and the foreign subsidiaries. 
Broadly in the last three years the mix has remained same which essentially is a good sign, which 
means in spite of the fact that India is growing the foreign subsidiaries continue to hold fort and 
the fact that this year North America had a major turnaround coupled with their sales numbers 
has helped us continue to retain this mix. As a result of this, the fact that we've generated more 
cash in our overseas subsidiaries, helped us pare down some of our loans and with the help of 
better working capital management, we also kind of reduced our working capital levels.  
Proﬁtability wise, I think this is a question that we keep getting all the time and we keep getting 
asked questions on how's our cost structure, what are we investing and there's a lot of questions 

around our employee cost and other ﬁxed cost. I think overall landscape this year we had tariƯ. 
There was an impact of tariƯ which we were able to navigate. We were also beneﬁted by obviously 
some opening inventory sitting in our subsidiaries. So, net of that there was an impact. Then we 
also had a scenario in the third and fourth quarter where we were seeing the cost of base material 
cost going up. There is a signiﬁcant amount of cost increase. That's something which is coming 
on and we are trying to pass on some of those price increases. We've also talked about in the past 
that we will be investing about 1 to 1.5 percent of our top line into initiatives. Initiatives which are 
go-to market in nature, initiatives which will boost our support function capability or IT 
infrastructure. So, that is something which is also big thing. So, in spite of all of that I'm happy to 
report that we've been maintaining a constant proﬁt trajectory for the last three years and I think 
directionally it should continue like this for another year or two and post which I think we will start 
seeing a margin expansion on the bottom line. Another interesting thing if you see at the bottom 
of the pyramid, is  Europe. I think we have been talking about Europe as a separate component. 
We have been reporting Europe as breakeven for the last couple of years now, which means the 
combination of cost restructuring that we have done has actually helped us make Europe 
breakeven. North America is actually proﬁtable if you take out the impact of tariƯ North America 
has registered proﬁts this year, which is a very pleasing information for us because that gives us 
a lot more opportunity to reinvest that proﬁt back into go-to-market initiatives in the US. My last 
slide is on cash. Again, the last couple of years very strong focus on working capital. Our EBITDA 
to cash conversion is post 90% before tax. Net working capital, we have not added working capital 
in spite of growing our top line by 11%. We have been maintaining our working capital at similar 
levels. Testimony of the fact that we've managed to do good work in AR. Still, some work to do in 
inventory, but we are hopeful that we will continue this trajectory. Interestingly, we have also seen 
that in spite of CAPEX, our CAPEX cycle has now started to come into play. MK2, part phase 1 of 
MK2 is almost close to getting done and phase 2 is now kicking oƯ and we will also start seeing a 
similar trajectory of CAPEX in the subsequent years. So that's my last slide. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Next up, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to request Mr. Premendra, 
Chief Strategy OƯicer, to take us through the strategic business plan including new products and 
features. Over to you, sir. 
Premendra: 
Thank you, Indranil. First of all, thanks to all of you for joining us today. We'll start with where ELGI 
is with reference to the global air compressor industry and then we'll talk about how we have 
delivered with respect to our strategic business plan. So, what you see here on the left-hand side 
is the overall global air compressor industry. In FY26, it's expected to be around 23 billion dollar 
and market is growing at 3.5% CAGR. For the same years, ELGI, its operating revenue has been 
growing at 6% CAGR. We closed last year at USD 415 mn and expected to close somewhere close 
to USD 440 mn this year. Now these numbers that you see, USD 415 mn and USD 440 mn, are 
actually adjusted for exchange rates. So, they are not at constant exchange rates. So, what does 
this growth mean for us? This is the slide where you see the top 10 players in the industrial air 
compressor industry. Atlas Copco is the leading player and together with Ingersoll Rand, they 
occupy nearly half of the market, slightly more than half of the market. We are at number 6. 
Though we have been growing at one of the fastest growth rates in the industry at nearly 5.8 to 6% 
CAGR over a long-term horizon from FY13 to FY25. So, this is really the long-term growth rate that 
we are seeing ourselves. ELGI is currently positioned as number 6 as per FY25 results. So just to 
recap, what was the strategic business plan we set for ourselves ﬁve years back? That is in FY21 
for FY26. So, we'll just go through what we had set for ourselves and next slide we will see with 
respect to what we have set for ourselves where we are today. So, in terms of revenue, in FY21 we 

set a target for ourselves at USD 450 mn and we had considered a growth rate of 10% CAGR. This 
also means that we had considered a proﬁtability, so EBITDA margin of 16% and return on capital 
of 30%. So, this is what ﬁve years back we set as a goal. Now versus this goal where we are today, 
so we see against the USD  450 mn, at a constant exchange rate, we would be around USD 487 
mn. So, we have surpassed the target, but at a ﬂoating exchange rate, we are close to USD 440 
mn in FY26. In terms of EBITDA margin, against a target of 16%, we'll close at 15% and in terms of 
return on capital employed, against a target of 30%, we'll close at 35%. So, then it's also time for 
us to set the targets for the next ﬁve years. So, what do we actually do from here on till FY31? We 
believe where we are today and the strong foundation we have and the last several years we have 
been growing at 11% CAGR. For us to grow at 11.3% CAGR is quite realistic and therefore USD 
750 mn is a target that we are setting for FY31. This USD 750 mn would be at 18% of EBITDA margin 
and around 35% of return on capital employed. 
So next what I will talk about is on the product. So last year we had a phenomenal year in terms 
of new innovations coming out from ELGI as well as the new product and features that we actually 
rolled out and launched. My colleague Venu will talk about the innovation. I will talk about the 
new products that were launched in the last year and this is just a snapshot, not the whole 
complete set of the products that we worked on. So, last year I would have talked about our 
Flagship EG series super premium product, and we introduced 90 KW and 110 KW last year. We 
have in this year completed the whole range from 75 KW to 250 KW. These are two-stage air vents, 
the best on energy eƯiciency and they are also having best-in-class controllers as well as they're 
embedded with IoT controllers. On the smaller kilowatt we have extended our PMSM range, so 
permanent magnet motor range. Earlier we had it from 11 KW to 45 KW, we have now extended to 
55 KW and plan to extend further going forward. So, what we have also done is on the smaller 
NCAP series, which are our encapsulated air vents, you know products. Usually, what customers 
would do, and this is a very popular product for US, Europe and so on. Usually, what customers 
will do is they would buy tank, they would buy compressor and they would buy a dryer and they 
would assemble that in the region. So, in order to maximize the value both for our channel 
partners as well as for the end customers, we started to assemble all of this in India itself, and we 
found great value that we created and a great pull for this product in the region. So, this is where 
actually we went back, did further integration, started assembling this what we call CTD 
packages, compressor tank and dryer packages and sent to regions. Parallelly, we have also 
worked on various market expansion initiatives because for instance, we are not there in Germany 
today. We need to comply with certain regulations. 
So, we are working on that. We need to comply with certain regulations for the Canadian market. 
We have it for the certain range of products, but not the full, so we are working on that. So, this 
continues as business as usual for us. In the oil free series, we launched our air-cooled 200-to-
250-kilowatt model. Again, extremely good on overall energy eƯiciency as well as having a very 
reduced footprint. All of these products with advanced neuron controllers and embedded IOT 
devices. In the accessories, last time I talked about refrigerated dryers that we are planning to do 
in-house, and we had launched a few products by then. Now, we have completed the whole range 
of dryers from 20 CFM to 500 CFM, which is where most of the volume for ELGI sits in today. In 
markets like India, Europe and Australia, this product is already launched. In the US, we will be 
launching in April this year. In addition to dryers, we have also launched our own piping. So ELGI 
branded aluminium piping solutions for our channel partners because several of our channel 
partners anyway are actually into the piping business and we see there is a huge opportunity for 
this business in India and even overseas at some point in time. Jay talked about the Siemens 
project where we are actually working on the compressor. This is the compressor that we are 
working for VAC10. So this product is already developed, tested, already being supplied to the 
client and already in usage. So great work done again by our overall product and our R&D team 

on getting this product into the market. So, this was the last from my side. I would invite Venu to 
come over and talk about product development. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Next up, ladies and gentlemen, I request Dr. Venu Madhav, Executive 
President, Product Excellence and Innovation to take us through ELGI's latest technologies and 
innovation. Over to you, sir.  
Venu Madhav: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you, Prem and thank you all for being with us today. My name 
is Venu Madhav, and I will be taking you through the new technologies what is happening at ELGI. 
So last year, I've talked about stabilizer and this was talked more about what is and that gives the 
value and providing stable operation and also eƯiciency. Later, we branded that with a brand 
name Demand=Match in line with what exactly it does in the application. So, it's generally the 
background for this just to recap. Every compressor produces constant airﬂow, whereas the 
demand is ﬂuctuating. The demand match system automatically adjusts itself to the demand and 
produces what is required. So, this product was launched into the market across all the kilowatt 
ranges and it was well received and we also applied for an international patent which is published 
now and we'll be having the rights for developing on that. So, this is the new one and going forward 
will be launching from coming March across all the globe in Europe and American product ranges. 
So, we believe this will take us to the good market share and also provide value to the customers 
on this. 
The second one, the energy ESG and also on the net zero emissions. They are not talking anymore. 
They are becoming mandatory. They need very important for this. So, we have developed all our 
products. So, heat recovery systems always used to be there. They used to be part of either 
external or adaptable systems, but now we have developed all our products with internal heat 
recovery systems as a standard. So, these products we can recover heat up to 90% of the energy 
what is available in the shaft power because a lot of energy that we will get will be in the form of 
heat. It compressed only 10 to 15 percent in there. The remaining air is required as heat with these 
units. And the super-premium series, Prem talked about it. We have the range now from 75 
kilowatt to 250 kilowatt. The advantage, the innovation, what it is, it is with two-stage air in, but 
what is special here is generally if anybody uses a two-stage air in, the unload power, when the 
compressor goes to unload, it used to be signiﬁcantly high. We have a unique technology here. 
The unload power will be almost same as a single stage unit, whereas when it is operating full, it 
will be as high as 12 to 14 percent eƯicient compared to the existing machine. So, this product 
makes us undisputed number one position both in terms of life cycle cost and also energy 
eƯiciency. And the last one, again, Prem talked on this. These are the refrigerant dryers what we 
have developed for the global market. We launched this product ﬁrst in India and then in Europe 
and now they have been launched for US region also. And this range from 20 to 500 CFM, covers 
more than 90 percent of the volume what it is required in the compressor market. So, these are 
the new technologies what we have developed. A lot of innovations are happening. We'll come 
back to you at the right time to talk about this. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Alright ladies and gentlemen, now I request Mr. Nitesh Jain, Chief Human 
Resource OƯicer, to take us through ELGI's continued focus on building talent across functions 
and regions and creating a supportive work environment. Over to you, sir.  
Nitesh Jain: 

Hi, good afternoon, everyone. So, I'll be talking what do we do for our people. And to start with, 
how are we really building capabilities for the ﬁrm to take care of future talent needs. So, we 
continue to invest in looking at capabilities and hiring talent across functions across the globe. 
But not only we believe in hiring laterals, it's also equally important to induct talent from colleges, 
B-schools, engineering colleges, as somebody to get in whom we can nurture and develop in the 
organization. So, we are running a very robust talent program, campus program. As well as it's 
also equally important to really focus on the development of our people, our existing employees. 
So, running a very strong talent framework to really work with people, ensuring that all the critical 
roles are identiﬁed, there is a well-chartered succession plan for key roles identiﬁed. And really 
working with the people who are identiﬁed as potential successors for those key roles. So, these 
are the various ways in which we are really focusing on capability building and building talent to 
support the future aspirations and growth of the organization. Now, it's really equally important 
that, you know, once we have hired and keeping the people, how are we really taking care of 
people? How we are really giving a very engaging environment so that they can ﬂourish and 
continue to, you know, invest in the organization's success journey. So, we are really focusing on 
the well-being of our employees. That's really, really very important for us. Now, just to give an 
example, what does that mean? So as an organization in India, we give a block closure to our 
employees. So twice in a year, the company is shut. And every employee can take a leave, spend 
time with their families, with the kids go out, travel, explore. Now, why it is important? It's 
important for us to take care of the well-being of our employees. So, there are various such sort 
of initiatives we are driving, which probably, you know, are unique things in our context as an 
industry. This year also, we have really focused on our performance management system, the 
way we are looking at what does performance mean for us as an organization. Now, with a very 
clear focus that performance system should not be treated just like, you know, a clear linkage 
with a reward, and that's it. So, what beyond that? So, we are focusing performance management 
as a tool, as an enabler for continuous development. More than a linkage to reward, I think there 
is an opportunity given to an employee, during the year, any point in time, engage with their 
managers any number of times, and really talk about their performance, about the concern, 
about their career. So that's essentially the fulcrum on which we have sort of reimagined the 
performance system for our employees. Now, while all doing all these things is really, really 
important, that how are we leveraging tech? So, obviously, working and, you know, a global HRS 
system to make the overall oƯering to our employees, which is more eƯicient, and also helping 
our employees to become more productive, and the ease with which they can work in the 
organization. Now, you know, one of the things which Jay also talked about was about our purpose 
and values. Now, most of the companies have values. Almost all of the companies we know of 
have value system. Now, it was really important for us to really not only have a set of values, but 
how do we ensure that people live this value on a day-to-day? It should become a way of life. 
Now, in an organization setup, what happens is the behaviour of an employee is governed by the, 
you know, guidelines, the policies, what we make in our organization. Now, how do we ensure that 
our values are, you know, really embedded in the policy itself, so that all of us as an employee, 
you know, naturally follow that in our day-to-day work life. Just to give an example, one of our 
values is, you know, trust our stakeholders. Now, employees are one of our stakeholders. Now, 
saying that we trust our employees is one thing. How do we ensure that we really do that? So, for 
example, if somebody has to do a business travel, you know, the employee can just go ahead and 
travel. There is no approval needed. If an employee has to go on leave, just go ahead and apply 
for leave. There is no approval needed. It just goes as a FYI to the manager. I mean, these are small 
ways of really saying to our employees that, you know what, we trust you. We trust your judgment. 
So, this is the way where we are really looking at all the policies, processes in our organization 
and seeing that how do they ﬁt in with our set of values to really make it as a way of life for 
everyone. Now, while we are doing all these things, you know, how we are envisaging the future is 

we are really looking to have a sort of a one ELGI experience for our employees across the globe, 
wherever they are joining, wherever they are present, so that, you know, they experience the 
organization in a seamless manner, similar manner and, you know, that's what we are visualizing 
for future and I hope the things which we are doing will, you know, take us there very soon. Yeah, 
thank you and hand it over to you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, Mr. Nitesh. Ladies and gentlemen, next up, I'd like to invite Mr. Gaurav Gupta, 
Chief Information and Digital OƯicer, to present ELGI's Global IT and Digital Transformation 
Roadmap.  
Gaurav Gupta: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Very happy to be in front of you. I'm going to be walking you through 
the information technology and digital agenda that ELGI is embarking upon. Pretty excited to 
present that and pretty exciting agenda in itself as well. So, just so bringing the context back, we 
talked about a number of leaders moving their functions forward in terms of standardization, 
transformation, in terms of innovation and underpinning that over a period of time, we've invested 
into our technologies, our digital agenda, talent, which basically ensures that we are able to drive 
the throughput of the organization, deliver that value to the business which is required. So, if we 
can look at the overall digital and IT agenda, it's basically a three-step process that we've sort of 
unveiled our strategy on. You know, Dr. Jay talked about and Indranil talked about the challenges 
we had in our ERP system a couple of years back. So, it was only sort of natural for us to ensure 
that our ﬁrst step in the overall digital journey, where we've started investing pretty extensively 
since last year, is to ensure that our core is integrated, globalized and secured and I'll talk more 
about the core as such, but basically we're looking at embedding our standardized global 
processes and leveraging the tools to sort of ensure that we bring that level of transformation 
rapidly across all the regions and drive that behaviour and process adherence towards it. The 
second part of it is more towards, once we've started digitizing, most of our functions will start 
collecting the digital footprint, which will be in terms of the data. And that's when the enterprise 
becomes an intelligent enterprise, as soon as we start looking at that data in an intelligent way 
and that's where in the stage two, we start building our data platforms, building the AI engines, 
looking at analytics, which is more predictive than diagnostic and so on and so forth. And 
obviously, once the enterprise is standardized, integrated, it's intelligent, that's when we look at 
our digital business models as well. So, that's the sort of three-step journey that we've sort of laid 
out for ourselves. 
We've sort of completed a large part of the stage one in this year, where we've laid out our sales 
platform. As we speak, it's getting rolled out in North America. We've done India. We've done a 
part of it in Australia. We've got our global employee platform, Nitesh talked about as well. We've 
got warehouse automation going on. Our product and innovation platform is getting completely 
revamped. Finance transformation, a large part of the progress that we've had in terms of driving 
our controls and rigor. We've been overlaying that on our ﬁnancial tools and controls automation 
that we are progressing upon. So, a fair bit of work happening in terms of really standardizing our 
core processes and rapidly sort of driving them global. Obviously, underpinning all of that is our 
cyber strategy. As we create more digital footprint, we need to be more aware and we need to 
invest in our cyber capabilities as well and the IT operating model we wanted to be absolutely 
sure is something which is global, which is agile, which is able to support multiple regions with a 
very sort of dependable partner ecosystem that we've envisaged ourselves. And the partner 
ecosystem is also built on the guardrails of strategic partnership with a global footprint so that we 
are able to leverage the capabilities across the globe. That's pretty much what the stage one 

progress has been this year. It's helped us to sort of, as I said, rapidly transform across the globe 
at a scale and a speed that we would want to face the dynamics in the business environment 
today. That's pretty much what is the update from the IT and digital side. I'll hand it back to you 
now. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, Mr. Gaurav. Ladies and gentlemen, next up, I'll request Mr. Ramesh 
Punnuswami, Executive President, Operations and EBS to take us through development across. 
Ramesh Ponnuswami: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Pleasure to present to you about our manufacturing 
operations, progress that we made with our ESG goals and also some of the social impact 
initiatives that we have been doing in our company. Around 2019, we started making motors in-
house. There are various reasons and drivers behind that. But at that point in time, we were 
importing about 75 to 80 percent of our motors. So, when we last updated this forum in 2024, we 
were still importing around 33 percent of our motors. Today, I'm happy to share with you that that 
has now dropped down signiﬁcantly to 5 percent. And this 5 percent is largely stranger items. And 
these too, we are looking to bring in-house in the near future. So basically our range has also been 
increasing, we started out making induction motors, now the product range and the kilowatt 
range has expanded from about 2.2 kilowatts to about 160 kilowatts, diƯerent eƯiciency 
standards, diƯerent countries we are able to serve, diƯerent frequencies and now we are very 
heavily into permanent magnet motors also and all these have been developed by our own in-
house R&D team and the eƯiciency levels are the best in the world. We have also beneﬁted from 
signiﬁcant reduction in lead times, so we can now, we were used to getting three to six months 
lead times from various sources overseas, now we could turn a motor order around in three days, 
that's how fast we can do it, so you can imagine what it has done to our inventory levels, our 
responsiveness, apart from the quality and the reliability aspects of our designs. We have recently 
commissioned our vacuum lines as well, we started oƯ by importing fully built products, now we 
have our line ready, it was launched last month. We spoke to you last time about taking a three-
phased approach to bringing in the entire range, we now, I am happy to share with you, we now 
have completed the three phases and we have the full range of rotary vane pumps, we have now 
started oƯ our program to bring in cloud pumps as well, and the ﬁrst stage we expect to cover 
20% of the market opportunity. Our global service centre, part of the MK2 project that Indranil 
spoke about, this is the ﬁrst phase, our global service centre which essentially is the part support 
for the entire world, we have a brand new facility coming up, it's state of the art, highly automated 
and it is something that we look forward to being as one of our proudest achievements in terms 
of CAPEX and how we have built facilities and created them, so this is on track, we expect to go 
live in the second half of April. 
Moving on to ESG initiatives, we have taken several initiatives across diƯerent dimensions, 
primarily around people, product and processes, we have about 15 goals that we have taken and 
I am happy to share that as of December we are on track or ahead of target on 13 of them and we 
are behind plan in two of them and we hope to catch up on those as well very soon. Moving on to 
social impact initiatives, last year I spoke to you about Project Stellar which we have been running 
in ELGI school, it was actually launched last year, we have had a fantastic learning experience 
and also been able to successfully bring in 22 students from very economically challenged 
backgrounds but who are brilliant students who would have otherwise not had opportunities to 
really showcase their full potential, so we started oƯ with an extensive outreach programme, we 
managed to get more than a thousand expressions of interest which converted to about more 
than close to 500 applications. This is for students who are going into the sixth standard and we 

can only test for intelligence meaningfully once they ﬁnish the ﬁfth standard, so we have had an 
entrance test and along with the entrance test we ran a battery of other evaluations in our school, 
once they have gone through that we made a short list of about 76 students and we did some 
further evaluations and went and veriﬁed whether they are really deserving, are they really 
economically underprivileged etc. Finally 24 of them met the cut and while our goal was getting 
25 in the ﬁrst year, so we oƯered 24 and two of them dropped out, so we have 22 students studying 
now, 9 of them girls and 13 of them boys and typically the average family income, mother, father 
all put together is about 2 to 3 lakhs a year, so that is the status. Now our next plan is to build a 
residential facility, so the intent is to have the entire school converted to only supporting students 
from this background, we expect in steady state let's say 8 to 10 years from now about 900 
students will be provided education fully free of cost, it will be fully residential, the residential 
facility; now the designs are being ﬁnalized and we expect that will be up and ready in two years’ 
time. Along with that there are several other things; our goal is to make every student the best 
student and be able to get oƯers from the top colleges in India, that is our only measure of 
success, to be able to do that we need to enable entire ecosystem right from teaching, the 
facilities, all of that, so it is a fairly extensive program we are working on, I am pleased to share 
that this has been the progress and we have started the outreach for this year and we are 
expecting 50 students for this academic year to join us. 
Moving on to the sporting arena that ELGI supports, we spoke about the Olympic Gold Quest, the 
movement that was started by Geet Sethi and Prakash Padukone to support promising athletes 
to provide them high end training, exposure, nutrition, all of that and the only goal is to win as 
many gold medals for India as possible, so I am pleased to share that our partnership continues 
with OGQ and at the moment we have an MOU taking us through to the 2028 LA Olympics and as 
of now you can see on the screen the number of medals that have been won by athletes, almost 
85% of the medals in the Olympics, the athletes who won the medals are all from OGQ. Maya is 
a youngster from Coimbatore, our hometown, she has been a rising star in the world of tennis, 
she is ranked number 1 in India under 18 in the juniors and she also reached an all-time high 
ranking of 34 worldwide in the ATF. She is right now training in the Rafael Nadal Academy in Spain 
and her goal is of course to win a medal for us in the Olympics coming up in 2028. The Coimbatore 
Marathon is something that is close to our hearts, we have been very closely associated with this 
event since the launch in 2013, last year 1725 plus ELGI employees and family members 
participated in the event across diƯerent categories. This event is to support the Coimbatore 
Cancer Foundation, all proceeds go to the foundation for their activities and ELGI continues its 
association with this event. So, thank you. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So thank you again my colleagues for presenting, now we are open for questions.  
Amit Anwani: 
Yes sir. Hello, thank you sir for the elaborate presentation. Amit Anwani from PL Capital. So ﬁrst 
question is on the next ﬁve year plan which you elaborated from USD 440 million will be targeting 
USD 750 million. We can see a good amount of shift towards the Indian markets, I think there was 
13% CAGR which we are targeting versus 10% in the previous ﬁve year block and so just wanted 
to understand and also the 200 bps margin expansion which we are building in for next ﬁve years. 
Wanted to understand whether this will be the base growth in India or the new product launches 
or the service contribution, what is the shift which is leading us for kind of 13 plus percent growth 
in India?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 

So, I will let Prem kind of add to whatever I have said, whatever I am going to say. It's a combination 
of share of growth, share of market share growth, share of new products, share of new segments 
in existing products as well as new geographies. So, it's a combination of all of these. So, I don't 
want to get into each, what is the contribution of each, we have built it up, we have a detailed 
build-up of which is going to contribute to what. What we need to understand is in the dynamic of 
this business, any growth comes from a combination of both equipment and aftermarket. Now 
every time you sell equipment, you have at least a 10-year aftermarket sales number and there is 
a geometric growth. So as you add and install base, that's where the growth really comes from. 
So quite a bit of future growth, a larger percentage, I am not saying they contribute a big number, 
but a larger percentage of the future revenue will come from aftermarket. It's natural. Now once 
that happens, it answers your second question of where the margins are going to come from. We 
have been a little conservative because even now, without the various strategic initiatives that we 
have implemented, which has taken away close to 1.5%, so even now we would have been at 
16.5%. Now these initiatives are not going to contribute and continue into the future. So our 
starting point is not 15, the starting point is actually 16.5. So, 16.5 to 18, which I think is a 
reasonable thing if you are able to hit that top line. As far as ROCE is concerned, we are not too 
worried. We are quite healthy.  
Amit Anwani: 
Lastly on the US business, what are we building in terms of growth for the next ﬁve years in our 
strategies for the US? Earlier we used to also highlight that the go-to-market strategy was 
something which is very critical and there were a few states which were slowing down for us. So 
as a long-term strategy, what are the expectations in the US for you?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
US, like I said, it's a large market, as is Europe. Now in both these continents, we have established 
a very strong presence. So ELGI as a brand is known to the entire distributor fraternity, in both 
these regions. Now the biggest challenge for us is to get into the distributors, because this is a 
distribution-led business. So, far our strategy has been getting more distributors, they own the 
relationship with the end customers and therefore we will gain share of the market. Now what has 
happened is that strategy is beginning to plateau for a couple of reasons. One, out of the universe 
of distributors that are available, a certain percentage of distributors are exclusive to the large 
brands. Those distributors are not going to switch. They won't switch because 70-80% of the 
distributors' proﬁt comes from aftermarket. They don't want to risk giving up a brand and that 
aftermarket. So, you're really playing in the balance who are multi-brand distributors, and we are 
trying to get access into that segment of distributors and then gain a higher share of their wallet. 
That's been the strategy. Now I'm saying that strategy is plateauing out. What I mean is it will 
continue to have this 10-11% growth. But if you really want to shift the number to a much higher 
level of growth, we need to come up with a diƯerent strategy. In addition to pursuing what we are, 
which is what we are really working on right now. It's too premature to talk about speciﬁcally what 
they are. But what got us here is not going to take us there. It will take us to some point of that. But 
we need something more.  
Amit Anwani: 
Thank you, sir. 
Parag Thakkar: 
Hi, Parag Thakkar from Ford Capital. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 

I just request you to please stand up. We'll be able to capture a nicer access from here. Thank 
you. 
Parag Thakkar: 
Sir, this is Parag Thakkar from Ford Capital. First of all, I would like to congratulate your entire 
team. Fantastic presentation and I would say that do more such events in Mumbai. That will be 
great for us to have easy access to you. So just to take on from the last question only, what we 
saw in the presentation is that India contributes 47% of the revenue and 82% of the EBITDA. So 
now, how it will happen that the global business will also start contributing more to EBITDA? And 
if I understand correctly, 28% of standalone sales is coming from aftermarket right now, while 
consolidated number is far lesser. So, is it the needle mover that aftermarket sales in outside 
India will also increase meaningfully here, which will provide a lever to margins?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
It’s a fair question. The future proﬁtability has got multiple levers. Now, the regions that we are 
operating in besides India are very expensive regions to operate in. People there and the 
overheads there are signiﬁcantly higher than the equivalent costs in India. Which means then for 
those regions to start contributing proﬁtably to the same level as India, the top line required is far 
higher. So, as we grow our top line there, we are not going to have a proportionate increase in our 
overhead. So that will be one lever of contribution. The second is what you just said. Our 
aftermarket is a signiﬁcant contributor. The reason why we are in this business is because of the 
aftermarket. Selling of equipment is almost close to charity. So, it's the aftermarket that gives us 
the proﬁt. So, there will be growth in the aftermarket because the installed base is pretty large in 
India. We get a very healthy percentage of aftermarket to our revenue. As we start building our 
installed base in Europe, you will start seeing that coming in. So, these are the two levers that are 
going to grow. But please let's not forget that in the standalone there is a proﬁt that belongs to the 
global because of the transfer price. So that's also sitting there. So, it's not like what you see as 
proﬁtability of the non-India is what it is. It's much more than that. 
Parag Thakkar: 
Last question from my side. Once this tariƯ drama is settled, hopefully closer to 18% from 50%, 
do you expect the installed base in the US to improve substantially so that after 2-3 years, it will 
start giving us aftermarket proﬁts also?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So, this business is not a price elastic business where you say I drop 20% and my sales grows 
20%. It doesn't work that way. So yes, in our current situation, if the tariƯ stabilizes at 18, we have 
a signiﬁcant margin in our favour because we have already managed that 50%. So, do we retain 
this 32%? Do we give some away to gain the share? These are all tactical moves. We can't say for 
sure that A plus B is going to be equal to C. It's not possible. But it's a good problem to have that 
you have some margin to work with, to gain your market share.  
Parag Thakkar: 
Thank You!! I just wanted to understand your Demand=Match that product strategy. When we 
look at Atlas Copco has VSD, Kaeser has SFC. So is it because they had that kind of a 
diƯerentiated product that we were forced to come out with a solution or is that the other way 
around?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 

No. So if you look at this VSD and all these are just brand names. They're not unique. We also have 
a compressor called, it starts with V, which is variable speed drive. That's available with all 
manufacturers. Now, across the world, it varies, but across the world, on average, 30% of the 
customers buy machines with variable speed drive. 70% buy ﬁxed speed machines. Now, the 
diƯerence between the two is one, the variable frequency drive costs 30% more. Capital cost 
upfront is 30% more. But it has the potential to save on energy, but there is no guarantee how 
much it's going to save. It depends on your operating cycle. Each factory will have a diƯerent 
operating cycle. That's the reality. Whether it is an Atlas Copco's variable speed drive or an ELGI's 
variable speed drive, that VSD that you're talking about. Demand=Match is for the ﬁxed speed. 
The ﬁxed speed machines today have, like what Venu said, ﬁxed ﬂow, always variable. So, what 
happens is there is a huge amount of ineƯiciency, and the customer wants to save it, they have 
to spend 30% more by a variable frequency drive. What this technology does is varies the ﬂow to 
the customer without a VSD. So, this is an electromechanical system, not an electronic system, 
which delivers that value. Now, what it does, so far, we introduced this machine in October. All 
our machines in India supplied from October onwards are Demand=Match systems. It's now 
standard on our machines. It's not an option. We didn't expect that the customer will pay for it. 
We thought maybe they won't pay. Because typically what we ﬁnd is Indian customers don't pay 
a premium for Indian products. They will pay a premium for foreign products. So, we said, okay, 
we'll go. We will make this system work. So, all our machines have gone in. We have actually 
improved our price realization. Just Indian customer is actually paying a premium for an Indian 
product. December results that you saw, we've got higher sales, higher proﬁtability. Part of it is 
from demand. So, of all the supplies that have been made, 100 machines have been installed, 
that means commissioned. We've sold much more, but typically it takes two to three months for 
commissioning to happen. The customer savings has been anywhere between 6% to 17%. This is 
the kind of savings that the customer has. So, we are on a very strong wicket to keep growing that 
share of the market. The ﬁxed speed, that 70% that I talked about. Machines have already gone 
to Europe, they've gone to Australia, they've gone to the US. So, validation will get completed. And 
by the middle of next ﬁnancial year, all supplies to those markets will also be Demand=Match as 
standard. So, we'll have to wait and see how much of the market share needle we are going to 
move with this technology.  
Analyst: 
And Sir, Kaeser’s SFC, they also have Air-end proﬁling. Kaeser; they have this SFC where they do 
Air-end proﬁling, which is more or less similar to what we.. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
SFC? Are you aware of SFC? What? SFC? We've never heard of SFC.  
Analyst: 
They have Air-end proﬁling. Air-end proﬁling?  That's similar to what we do, right? Similar to? 
Like, you can control the ﬂow. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
No, but that's a variable frequency drive. Not the system Demand=Match, nobody has in the 
world. We're the only ones that have it, we have a patent on it. What? We'll check what that is, but 
Kaeser does not have anything that controls the air ﬂow on a ﬁxed speed machine.  
 
 

Analyst: 
And Sir, coming broadly, when we see the macro, large growth drivers in the electronic space is 
going to be data canters, semiconductors. So even in your breakup, there was no mention. So, 
what will be the percentage that currently you are supplying to these markets? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Anvar had presented that, we had presented six percent of our business semiconductor, but we 
should be very careful about this. You know, these are fashionable trends, right? Today there is 
semiconductor, tomorrow there is steel, day after it will be cement. The idea is not to say that we 
will put everything there, right? Our ability is to play across all industry, right? That's the key, yeah? 
Now, what happens is we have diƯerent challenges. If it is an Indian company investing in their 
own technology, in their own process, the chances of them buying us is very high, yeah? But if 
there is a multinational company that comes in, in a lot of instances they are prescribed by their 
parent factory, right? So, it becomes a bit more of a challenge, right? So, it's that that we need to 
focus on, not industry focus. Each year there will be a diƯerence. So, right now steel is investing, 
yeah? Cement is not, yeah? 
Analyst: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Before we move on to the next question.  
Venu Madhav: 
Yeah, sorry. Actually, it is like a VSD of Atlas Copco where they use a variable frequency motor, 
yet they will do KZ sigma frequency. It is not similar to the Demand=Match what we are having. 
It's a variable speed transmission. Yeah. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir, for adding that. Before we move on to the next question, just two 
announcements. Please say your name and your organization name before you ask the question 
And also requesting everyone to please scan the QR code and give your feedback. We have still 
not received many feedbacks. In the meantime, the question & answer session is happening, you 
all can do that. Requesting everyone to kindly do it. Thank you. 
Harshit Patel: 
Hi, sir. This is Harshit Patel from Aquarius Securities. So, ﬁrstly on centrifugal compressors, I 
believe we were doing some ﬁeld trials for our own machines and not in the GV with the Korean 
player. So, what is the update on that? And I think one of our large competitors, they have a lion's 
share of this high-end market. Any plans we'll be able to take them on in next few years in this 
space? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So, centrifugal is one product category, just like vacuum, blowers, accessories. It's all part of our 
journey to play in the full suite of products. Now, having said that, do we have the technology to 
build centrifugals? Absolutely. Right. We've already built two frames and they're running in the 
ﬁeld. Now, the question in our mind is you can't boil the ocean. Right. You got to pick your 
priorities, work on that priorities. Centrifugal market out of that 20 billion is about 2 billion. Yeah. 
Vacuum is much bigger. Yeah. Accessories is even bigger. Right. So, as we go through the journey, 

it's about not worrying about what others do, really focusing on what you have to do in terms of 
the choices that you make. Right. So, in this journey from USD 450 mn or USD 440 mn to USD 750 
mn, deﬁnitely centrifugal is there. Right. But I don't want to say how much is there. Right. But it's 
there. Yeah. Sure. 
Harshit Patel: 
So, secondly, on our own motors production, you showed some statistics as to how much we are 
using in terms of our own motors. However, those statistics were shown as a percentage of our 
screw compressors. Why is that? Is the salience not that great when it comes to reciprocal 
compressors?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
No, it's not. That is not the case. We have two types of reciprocating compressors, the belt driven 
compressors and direct drive compressors. 100 percent of our direct drive compressors are 
motors made by us. Right. As we move, the focus is on high value ﬁrst and then go to the lower 
value. Right. So, we will complete all of this and we will work on the full range. Not only 
compressor motors, but also our fan motors. Right. Not ceiling fans, but the compressor cooling 
fans.  
Harshit Patel: 
Yeah. Understood. Lastly, on our backward integration, we already do our pressure vessels, now 
motors, we do air ends. Is there anything left for us to capture that we can do on our own or would 
it require maybe substantially much more volumes and maybe we should refrain from doing that?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
If there is a backward integration by which we can sell more compressors, we will take that also. 
Right. But unfortunately, we don't. But, you know, the idea of this, each of these as a there is a 
strategic reason. Right. This is not about trying to take away a supplier's proﬁt. That's not the 
intent. Yeah. If that was the intent, there is a lot more that we buy from suppliers that we can take 
over. Right. Now, if you look at pressure vessel, this is a safety critical equipment piece. If we 
supply this and if a tank fails, bursts, there could be catastrophic incidents. Right. We can't aƯord 
that. You know, you can't if an air end fails, it's one level of failure. If a tank fails, it's a completely 
diƯerent. So, we can't aƯord to have that. So, we control that as a safety critical equipment, I 
mean, piece. Castings are quality critical. Right. We cannot aƯord to have castings that leak or 
fail because we buy castings. We put it into very expensive machines for machining. Right. And 
after machining, we discover that it has failed. It's a huge loss. Right. That's the reason why we 
got into foundry motors. We were buying motors from China. Yeah, Last 15, 20 years, as do our 
competitors. Right. Now, if you take the Chinese motor and you strip it, there is no rocket science 
in a motor. There is copper, there is steel, there is casting and there is bearing, nothing else. These 
are all metal commodities with international prices. Now, when we looked at it, the pricing from 
China had no relevance to that cost. It was even lower than metal commodity prices. Now, we 
can ignore it and say as long as they give it to us cheap, we are happy, we continue to buy. But this 
is like a drug. You get addicted to that low cost and at some point, the supplier will pull the rug. 
Now, when that happens, a multinational company has the ability to pass that price on. We will 
not. So that risk is what we managed with making our own motors. Today, our motors perform far 
better than the best at a lower cost. And this is not because we are employing cheap Indians. It is 
because we picked the right technology to make it. Yeah. So that's I can't think of anything more 
that we need to integrate backwards, but we need to keep our options open. 
 

Harshit Patel: 
Yeah. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Thank you. There's a person at the back here. 
Sudarshan Srinivasan: 
Hi, sir. Good afternoon. So, I'm Sudarshan Srinivasan from Prime Investor PMS. So, my question 
is on your installed base. So currently, we are having the overseas installed basis, one ﬁfth of the 
domestic base, if my memory serves right. So, in the next ﬁve years, how do you see this mix 
improving, whether it is going to be two ﬁfth of the domestic base or three ﬁfth of the domestic 
base? How do you see this mix improving? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
I don't know where you got your memory. I never would talk about that. Right. So, you know, this 
is very critical information, because we don't want anyone to know what is that actual number of 
machines. Right. Now, having said that, the percentage with which we are increasing the installed 
base in Europe and U.S. is far higher than the percentage at which we are increasing in India. 
Right. Now, when the percentage of increase is more, the percentage of contribution of 
aftermarket will also be right. So, I would like to leave it at that broad deﬁnition. As we continue 
to sell more machines outside the country, that percentage is going to go up and that aftermarket 
percentage will go up. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. There's somebody here. 
Manohar Desai: 
Yeah. Yeah, hi. Me, Manohar Desai from Trust Mutual Fund. Sir, three new products we talked 
about. Sorry? Three new products, three new technologies we talked about. So largely, I mean, 
how does it increase our addressable area or application areas?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Which are the three products that you're referring to?  
Manohar Desai: 
Yeah, so it was the, I mean, the drives which were there plus on the refrigeration side. I mean, the 
inverted duty part of the piece. So, the three new techs that we talked about just a moment. Yeah, 
the stabilizer, heat recovery systems and the indigenized dryer part. One was the dryer. Yeah, one 
was the dryer. Yes. Second was on the heat recovery side and third was on the stabilizer side. 
Stabilizer. Yeah, so how does it increase our application areas and what role does it play in our 
2030 target? Broadly to understand that. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Dryers is, we are already selling dryers. We were buying it from others. So it only improves our 
margin and the quality of the product and our ability to sell our dryers all over the world. So for 
instance, the dryers that we sell in India, earlier we were buying from a local company. The dryers 
we are selling in Europe and America, we are buying from a European company. Now we will have, 
and the dryers that we were selling in Australia, we are buying from an Italian company. Now all 
the dryers will be made by us here in India and supplied everywhere. So yes, there will be a 
synergistic increase in revenue because we have a much more competitive, far better 
performance product. It's diƯicult to say how much will my market share go up. Deﬁnitely my 
margin will go up for the same level of sales. Demand=Match, I just explained to you. We are 

increasing our number. We are increasing our prices. Our price realization is going up. Still early 
days, but I'm very conﬁdent that it's going to help us grow our share of the market by virtue of the 
value that we give to the customer. What was that third point? HR, heat recovery. Heat recovery 
is very specialized. It's not across all applications. It's only customers who need process heat in 
their operations. Then it makes sense to use this to recover the heat and use it in their process. 
So, it's a very specialized application. 
Manohar Desai: 
Sure. Just one question on the refrigeration and compression side. Industry talks indicate that 
that particular segment is doing well. So, your take on this segment, would you like to explore this 
refrigeration compression here?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
No, no, no. We don't do refrigeration compression at all. We do only air compression. This is 
refrigeration dryers that dries compressed air. So, we don't go into refrigeration compression. Air 
conditioning and refrigeration, we don't do. 
Divyan Kapadia: 
Yeah, sorry. I'm Divyan Kapadia, one of the individual shareholders. I've been an investor in your 
company since 2001. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Thank you.  
Divyan Kapadia: 
And I think more than two zeros have been added to my investment, which I made. So, I'm very 
happy with your company. But at the moment, if I look at when you're saying you'll grow another 
next ﬁve years only at 11%, in a huge market which is available to you. I think your market share 
internationally has been less than 5%. So, what you are growing is not even taking the growth of 
the market. So, when you are not even taking the growth of the market, you are taking a small 
fraction of the growth of the market. Then I think aiming for 11% to me looks less. That is my 
request to you. 
Second thing is that now there is going to be in the next ﬁve years there is going to be an India-EU 
FTA. So today I don't know what is the duty you pay when you sell to Europe. So, is that duty going 
to change or is it giving you more competitive advantage? I think in Australia already the duty is 
zero. I don't know whether it applies to our product or not. Does it help you? Because in Australia 
our growth is only 3%. Maybe there are some further reasons for that. But I thought those growth 
also you can perhaps review again and see if you can jumpstart.  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Now we certainly don't want to grow less. If there is an opportunity we will do it. Now to come to 
your point India market for compressors is growing at around 4%. We will be growing at 11% which 
means that we are gaining share. The European market is actually ﬂat, and we are planning to 
grow 10% which means we are gaining share. The American market is expected to grow at 1.5% 
and we are growing at around 12%. So again, we will expect to grow share. Australian market has 
actually gone down. The numbers have gone down because we have the actual number of 
compressors that are sold, and we are growing there which means share of the market is growing. 
Now can we grow more? Can we gain share faster? We are working on diƯerent strategies. Like I 
said our current strategy has taken us with a certain velocity to where we are today. Now we 

continue down that path we will get a certain trajectory. But to ﬂip it even more sharper up we 
need a diƯerent strategy. We are working on it, we are exploring what we can do. What we do know 
is when we are in front of the customer we win disproportionately. We need to get in front of the 
customer more often. This is our challenge. You look at a multinational customer wants to buy a 
compressor. The default choice is either go to Atlas Copco, default choice. They get a certain pull 
in the market. Our business we have to push. It's easier to suck liquid through a straw than to 
blow bubbles into the water. It's the same thing. Atlas Copco and Ingersol Rand, they are able to 
suck customers in. We need to push in. That's our reality. We can't cry about it but we need a 
diƯerent strategy. That's what we are working on. 
Divyan Kapadia: 
My suggestion would be that all the markets which you are today working like USA, Australia, 
Europe, they are either not growing or growing at bare minimum 1%, 2%, 3%. In that you are trying 
to do 10%, 11% which is a very good job. I'm not criticizing that. But overall when you gave us the 
chart, the overall compressor market is growing at something like 3%, 3.5% worldwide. That 
means there are enough markets like India which are growing at maybe 10%, 15%, 20%. They may 
not be as big as USA or Europe but maybe there is Brazil there. Maybe there is Japan there. Maybe 
there is some African countries which are doing very well because Nigeria, that one fellow is 
putting a lot of big reﬁneries and all that. Very good. I'm happy. There will be certain places in the 
world where there are markets which are growing at maybe 10%, 15%, 20%. Maybe a small base 
but maybe again may not be that competitive also because some of these markets like Africa and 
all that or some of the Latin American markets, all multinationals may not be wanting to go. 
Maybe CIS is a market. Maybe Russia is a market. I don't know. You need to check all that. Thank 
you.  
Analyst: 
Hi. Two questions. So, one was on the aftermarket thing that you mentioned. When we look at 
broad markets where obviously we work through distributors and all of that more, the dynamics 
of aftermarket, is it very diƯerent say versus India in terms of the aftermarket revenue per 
compressor or something like that and even in terms of proﬁtability? And the second... Yeah, 
yeah. Go ahead. 
My second question is in terms of growth. If we look at some of the leading players that you had 
shown, they are growing at around 2.5%, 3% at that base outside India. Whereas if we look at our 
three years from say 23% to 26%, I think we are not at that 3% if we exclude India. If we exclude 
just ISAAME, Europe, North America, we would be lower than 3% at a signiﬁcantly lower base 
than the industry leaders. So, then we are basically at a lower base, not losing market share to 
leaders. How do we see that and what is changing going forward?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So, to answer your ﬁrst question, the aftermarket loyalty outside of India is higher. In India, there 
is a tendency to, not all, a bigger percentage of customers tend to go for spurious parts. Whereas 
in Europe and America, the loyalty to stay with genuine parts is little bit higher. So to that extent, 
the stability of, or the surety of the aftermarket business is more. So that's one. Proﬁtability, I 
would say roughly the same. Aftermarket proﬁtability. Coming to your question about the growth 
of the leading players, their growth is coming from aftermarket because their installed base is 
huge. And from that installed base, every year they keep growing. We don't have that base 
installed to have that repetitive growth. So, our growth is coming from, bulk of it is coming from 
increasing the installed base. So, if you look at our growth even outside the country, considering 
the growth of the markets there and our growth in those markets adjusted for the currency, we are 

still higher than them. Yeah. The question really is how much more can we do? I mean how much 
faster can we do? That's the challenge.  
Analyst: 
Just one follow up, when we go through distributors, do they have a share, do they take away some 
share of proﬁt from the aftermarket? Because you said for them also aftermarket is a very big 
source of proﬁts.  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
They do service. In Europe and America, the service, the labour cost, labour charge on the 
customer is the highest source of proﬁt, not sale of spare parts.  
Analyst: 
And is our model of aftermarket going to be diƯerent versus some of the top leaders outside India?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So, the top leaders are increasingly going direct on service. They are bypassing distributors. They 
want to get that labour part of service to themselves. That's not our model. Our model is we 
partner with distributors, we sell them spare parts, earn our proﬁt, they sell spare parts to the 
customer and render the labour service to them. And they earn their proﬁt. 
Analyst: 
What would be, if I can ask, a split between labour and spare parts in aftermarket?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
I have no idea, Prem. About 50-50 maybe. We are guessing here. Because we don't run a 
distribution business. So, we don't do service. Sorry. 
Dhiral: 
Dhiral from Phillip Capital. So, to achieve the $750 million mark of revenue by FY31, so what will 
be the incremental capex required to achieve that mark? And secondly, on the aftermarket side, 
so currently what is the percentage of revenue that we are achieving from the aftermarket and 
going ahead as we are banking more on the aftermarket segment to drive the incremental growth? 
What could be the contribution in the coming next four to ﬁve years?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So, our capex, there are two types. One is the incremental capex that we need for the growth, the 
capacity. And the second is the breakthrough capex that will be required once you run out of 
space in your campus. Right? Now we have already announced that we are going to be spending 
between INR 500 to 600 crores for moving our current campus to our new campus. That's really 
that breakthrough kind of investment that we need to do. Otherwise, we don't have space. I mean 
building, we don't like buildings, but we don't have a choice. We need buildings. Every year our 
capex required for incremental growth will be well within our depreciation. We don't see it 
exceeding our depreciation for our incremental capacity. Yeah? And we always invest one year in 
advance. Right? So, it's not going to be a big cash that is going to be demanded.  
Dhiral: 
And sir, aftermarket revenue?  

Jairam Varadaraj: 
Aftermarket revenue frame, do you know what is the aftermarket revenue in 750? Today it's 28 in 
India and maybe about 12 or 13 outside. Yeah. About 20 percent combined. Sorry? Yeah. Yeah. 
But 20 percent is our revenue. 20 percent of our revenue. Yeah, currently it's about 12 to 15 
percent outside depending on which country. It will probably go to 20 percent. We haven't got the 
real numbers. General direction. Sorry. 
Ishwar: 
Hi sir. This is Ishwar from My Thought PMS. So, regarding Europe, we have done a lot of lateral 
hires from the president, Mr. Chris, to a lot of area sales people as well. And Europe is like a very 
diversiﬁed market with each market having a diƯerent customer preference, diƯerent price 
points. So, how are we addressing that concerns of the customer since we would have a smaller 
portfolio compared to our global competitors? So, how are we getting in front of the customer and 
winning the orders with them? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
There is nothing short of our portfolio. Zero. Right? If you take rotary screw compressors and 
piston compressors, we have as much if not more than the leading competitors. So, there is no 
portfolio deﬁciency. We don't have centrifugal, we don't play in that market. As far as Europe is 
concerned, even though there are diƯerent countries, the demand pattern or the requirements of 
the market are pretty homogenous. Right? Except for localized certiﬁcation that is required, which 
is not a performance issue, it is more a process certiﬁcation, like pressure vessels, for instance. 
Otherwise, there is no issue. 
Ishwar: 
So, of the 3.3 billion Euro market, Euro compressor market, how much can we envisage to capture 
in the next, let's say,  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
It's not EUR 3.3 billion. It is about close to 2.4 billion dollars. Euros. Okay. Our share, I don't know 
what we've got. 2%. Yeah. So, you want to use the mic?  
Premendra: 
So, our share in Europe would be 2%, but in markets where we play, it would be between 4% and 
6%. We don't play in all the markets, too. 
Manohar Desai: 
Sir, and our cost structures in the European market, it was built on higher revenues. So, how can 
we expect the cost structure to move in the next 2 or 3 years?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
That's why we've cut our cost structure down. So that we are trimming the cost down to the level 
of revenue that we are hitting. Now we need to build a new strategy. The current strategy is not 
going to give us the revenue that we had earlier planned, right? So, for the new strategy, this is the 
structure, I mean, for the current strategy, this cost structure is good enough. That's what we are 
trimming it down to, right? The next round of growth is going to come from a new strategy which 
has to be ﬁrst tested, proven, and then rolled out.  
 

Manohar Desai: 
Thank you, sir. 
Kamalesh: 
Hi, sir. Sir, the vacuum business is a new piece in our own business. Just wanted to check about 
their margin proﬁle and ROI proﬁle. Does it match our existing business, or what is the three- or 
ﬁve-years roadmap for that?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So, the vacuum that we are playing in, by and large, except a very specialized vacuum that goes 
into semiconductors, which we are not playing in. Generally, vacuum, the equipment value is 
signiﬁcantly lower than a compressor, right? But the aftermarket percentages of revenue is very 
similar to compressors, right? So, both these businesses derive their proﬁt from aftermarket. But 
vacuum also has, in addition, has a higher percentage of proﬁt on equipment compared to 
compressors, but on a smaller base. That's the pattern of the two.  
Kamalesh: 
And in this growth, how much of the growth is embedded from this vertical end? Are we going 
global for this business?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Five-year phase, no. It's only India business? Only India and conservative number. 
Kamalesh: 
Are we having any growth plans for the future for global markets? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Absolutely. 
Kamalesh: 
How big would that be, sir, market-wise?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So, the total vacuum market, correct me, Prem, is about three billion. Yes, slightly more than that. 
Yeah, three billion globally. We don't have a percentage aspiration yet, right? What we are working 
on is the same as in compressors. We can't go with a me-too product and then say we are 
cheaper, so buy, right? What we are working on is a fundamentally new technology, even in 
vacuum, right? Now, once we are able to demonstrate that, right, that could be a signiﬁcant 
presence globally. But with the current thing, for this period, we are not looking at it. But these are 
opportunities that could come, yeah. 
Kamalesh: 
Thank you, sir. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Yeah, sorry.  
 

Analyst: 
Thank you. Sir, a couple of questions. 
First, in this ﬁve-year plan, have we envisaged any inorganic growth or this is purely organic 
growth? Very little inorganic. Very, very little inorganic. And that would be, again, largely on the 
front end like distribution or are we probably looking at?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Looking at two types of opportunities. One is product expansion, right, within the sphere of 
compressors. And the other is customer access, right? These are the only two. We don't want to 
put any big plan in it unless we have clear visibility that this is available, right? Unlike organic 
growth, which you control, inorganic you don't fully control, right? So, we have not put a big 
number here. 
Analyst: 
Okay, okay. And coming back to Europe, sir, now probably you mentioned that Europe's market is 
generally ﬂat, but probably a lot of energy-intensive industries over there are probably curtailing 
and shutting down. So probably do you see a situation where probably it becomes challenging, 
overall market declining, and for us in that market to grow? And probably also do you see 
consolidation over some of the compressor players over there? How should we see your strategy 
going forward?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So, Europe consolidation has happened over many years. I don't know what the next would be for 
the number one and the number four to come together, which is never going to happen, right? So, 
I don't see any further consolidation in Europe happening. Your thesis is valid for Atlas Copco, 
right? But not for us. We are nothing. I mean, when you take a 4-billion-euro market, how much 
ever they shut down their factories, there's still an opportunity, right? We just need to ﬁnd a way 
to get in front of the customer because the minute we get in front of the customer, two out of three 
times we win. So, and that's a ratio that we see everywhere in the world, yeah? How do you get in 
front of the customer more often? That's really the challenge, yeah?  
Analyst: 
Sir, but on the other side, now we are probably curtailing our manpower. So, for us to then have 
more face-to-face with customers, how do you...  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
We are reducing back-end overheads, Manish. We are not removing the customer-facing, 
revenue-generating roles. We are only taking out overheads at the back, yeah. Sure, okay. 
Analyst: 
And on our new Capex plan for shifting facility from our city campus to the new campus, so how 
do you see that happening? What will be our annual Capex? So, 500 to 600 crores, what you 
intend to spend? How do we spend this in every year? Over the next four to ﬁve years. Four to ﬁve 
years. And we'll completely shift entire operations to. 
Jairam Varadaraj:  
Bulk of it. you will still need... Suddenly there will be centrifugal will come, right? Something else 
will come. These new products, we can't aƯord to put buildings, right? They're too small to put 

that kind of investment, right? So, this factory in the city may be part of it, not all of it. Could be a 
staging area to get the business up to a certain size and then move it to the main campus, yeah. 
Analyst: 
Sure. And in this process where we are probably going to incur both capital investment and our 
operation cost also probably go up, so our aspiration of 18% margin is factoring this incremental 
cost? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
What operating cost? 
Analyst: 
So basically, if you probably move to a larger operation. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
You will... Essentially cut cost down. Because today we operate out of four factories and there's 
logistics going back and forth, right? All those eƯiciencies will actually bring a cost down. Security 
will come down. Housekeeping will come down. Canteen will come down. Logistics will come 
down. So, we'll become actually more eƯicient.  
Analyst: 
And, sir, on margins outlook going forward, like there are a couple of things which you had 
highlighted in the con call in terms of one is that you start getting beneﬁt of US tariƯ cuts from 
quarter two FY27. That was number one. Number two in terms of your more eƯicient motors 
which will be used, which in turn will again drive your cost down. So this 1.5% what we are 
spending for go-to-market strategy, do you think that it probably quarter two, quarter three, gets 
nulliﬁed with these beneﬁts what we get going forward? Again, also with growth in the revenues. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So, this 1.5% is not go-to-market. It is go-to-market, digital transformation, ﬁnance 
transformation, setting up shared services in the country to bring cost down outside. It's a 
combination of multiple things, right? Now the cost reduction that we have been able to achieve 
signiﬁcantly which is helping us now and it's showing up in current P&L is only on the US. Sorry? 
Only on the US sale. Okay. The India sale, Europe sale and Australia sale, the cost has already 
been baked in because motors for these markets have already been included in our P&L. Right? 
So that 1.5% on global sale is not going to come from motor cost reduction only in the sale to the 
US. It's not possible. Right?  
Analyst: 
No, I was thinking from combination like you probably have increased prices and you have cut 
your cost especially for US sales. Yeah. So one is that. So, it was a combination of two or three 
things. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So, 1.5% on consolidated sale is close to $4 million. Right? Now the sale that we make from India 
to the US, right, will fetch that whatever that will not give us $4 million beneﬁt because of that 
50%. Right? Got it. That 30%. Sorry, the diƯerence of 50% and 80%. Okay. 
 

Analyst: 
Thank you so much.  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Sorry. Yeah. 
Salim Desai: 
Salim Desai from Mars Investments Managers. So, on R&D and innovation, right, what are your 
priorities in these next ﬁve years or if you can tell us big principles on why or what products do 
you like to work on, plug gaps. And second related to that is, you know, is being in Coimbatore a 
challenge to scaling R&D innovation? Being in Coimbatore? Yeah. I mean, is there a kind of 
constraint? And if so, then what do you do to mitigate that?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Okay. See, there is product development and then there is technology development. Two diƯerent 
things. Right? On product development, it's about taking the technologies that we develop and 
incorporating it into our products in terms of revisions that happen. So, in a sense, they are more 
operational rollout of our calendar-based product upgrades. Right? So that's really what we do. 
In terms of technology development, our focus is what can we do to disrupt the value that we can 
give to the customer compared to competition. So, if you look at Demand=Match, it came from 
that thinking. Now, how do you disrupt? Right? Now, similar to that, we have some ideas in the 
pipeline. Yeah? Obviously, I don't want to say what they are. Right? Not all of them will succeed, 
but we need to make that investment. We have to try it out. We have to fail. Right? But the whole 
intent is when you're sitting in front of the customer, you're an unknown brand with a made-in-
India label. You need something that will be disruptively diƯerent, which will make the customer 
stand up and listen. Right? What brand of cell phone do you have? Apple. So, I'm a Bangladeshi 
company that is making a pitch to you to buy a cell phone. And I have all the features of Apple. I 
have all the things. It looks very similar. It does everything and it's about 20% cheaper. Will you 
buy it? That's the challenge we face. But if I'm able to come to you and say, you don't need a 
phone, man. You can just speak and everything, a button, everything will just speak. You don't 
need a phone. That's very disruptive, right? So, in a sense, that's what we are looking at, right? So, 
from BlackBerry with buttons to a cell phone with touch screen was disruptive, right? What's that 
disruption for us in compressors, right? And how can we deliver that, you know? And in 
Coimbatore, how do you- Coimbatore is not a problem. Not for R&D, no. 
Salim Desai: 
Second question is you mentioned that Deming is a milestone that you crossed, right? So, what 
more milestones do you look forward to maybe next ﬁve years?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Deming somebody blessed us, correct? Saying, oh, you're good fellows, you've done well. But if 
you stop there, then you regress, correct? So that's why I meant it's a milestone. You need to go 
continue to push in with that philosophy, that how do you keep improving the organization on a 
continuous basis, right?  
Salim Desai: 
What I meant was, is there room for you to kind of keep optimizing manufacturing operations?  
 

Jairam Varadaraj: 
Oh, absolutely. Oh, tons of it. Yeah, tons of it. Thank you. 
Deep Master: 
Hi, I'm Deep Master from 1UP Financial. I just wanted to touch again on the GTM strategy. As you 
said, just getting in front of the customer. So, if you can maybe elaborate a little bit more on how 
you plan to do that. Sorry if it's a bit of a repetition but just trying to understand that a bit better.  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
A crazy idea would be if somebody came and gave us a million dollars, we will sponsor IPL. Right? 
And then we say we make the best compressors in the world. And India should buy the best of the 
world, right? Which is in India, right? Now if we can get that message across, right? And get 
customers to get excited about that thing, then yes. Like I said, but we have to push. We're not 
pulled, yeah? So obviously we don't have 100 million and we're not going to get it unless we go 
and do a startup compressor company somewhere, maybe we'll get it. Yeah? But so what's the 
alternate for us, right? How do we imagine a strategy by which we are able to create that pull, and 
we are in front of the customer more often, right? It's a journey of discovery, yeah?  
Deep Master: 
Super. Are you satisﬁed with all the product gaps?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Where are you in that journey? Am I sleeping well on product range? Yes. I'm not losing sleep 
there. But the idea is the biggest challenge is get in front of the customer. 
Deep Master: 
In the past, I think we bought distribution in the US and that did not go well. So that's why I'm 
just trying to think through it.  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So, the distribution acquisition strategically is the right thing. But what was wrong is we are a 
manufacturing company. We are not a distribution company. A manufacturing company cannot 
run a distribution company because it doesn't know. Even in India, we don't run a distribution 
business, right? So, it's a matter of learning that, right? And putting the process very diƯerent from 
manufacturing, yeah? So, once we get that, we should be ﬁne, yeah? Yeah, please. 
Yash: 
Hello, hi. Sir, Yash here from White Oak Capital. Sir, the ﬁrst question is if we look at our SBP 26, 
what we have just announced and compare it to SBP 22, which was announced earlier, the 
outside India growth expectation here is 10%, but earlier it was 13%. So, what explains the 
diƯerence considering all the investments what we have made over the last four years? Why the 
expectation of growth outside India should be lower than what we had last four years? and second 
is you said India market is growing at 4% but we are growing at 12%. If you can just help us 
understand who are we taking market shares from and also if you can give some more detail why 
this India market is just growing at 4%. Why not higher than this 4%? 
 
 

Jairam Varadaraj: 
To answer your ﬁrst question, why have we scaled down our growth percentage outside India for 
the next ﬁve years? The reason something in the last ﬁve years, right? And like I said, our current 
strategy ﬁve years ago gave us a certain set of results, which were suboptimal compared to our 
aspiration, right? It would not be prudent to ignore it and continue to say we will do this 13%, 
yeah? What we have discovered is the inertia of getting in front of the customer is very high, yeah? 
The strategy that we followed to aspire for 13-14% growth outside the country was only good 
enough for around 10%. So, we are saying continue down that path. This is not the end of the 
world. It doesn't mean we go to sleep here. We need to, like I said, we need to discover a diƯerent 
strategy which will help us put us in front of the customer more often across the world. We don't 
know what that strategy is. We are discovering it. Now, we won't take ﬁve years to discover it, but 
that's not embedded in this plan. That's point number one. Point number two is we are saying 4% 
growth India, 12% growth ELGI. Like I explained to you, growth of a company comes from 
aftermarket. And when your installed base is very large in a country, your growth is not linked to 
the growth in sale. It looks like I have to swallow this. Next, yeah. So we have a very large installed 
base, right? That's going to give us a growth. So even though the market for equipment grows at 
4%, we have higher because of our installed base, right? 
Yash: 
So, can you give us an idea of our equipment growth versus the industry equipment growth? Like, 
are we gaining market share as far as the equipment is concerned?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
We're gaining market share, but it's not 4% and 12%. Okay. I don't want to say what it is, right? But 
it's not 4% and 12%, right? The 12% is also driven by aftermarket growth, yeah?  
Yash: 
And can you just give us an understanding, sir, why 4% growth for this?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So that, you know, you know, India, India should actually be, if you look at the Chinese market 
growth in the last 20 years, the growth in compressors was high double digit, right? Because that's 
the kind of investment that China put into the economy. Now, I don't know why we don't do it. 
That's not my, I can't answer that question.  
Yash: 
Yeah. Understood. And so if you can just give us a clarity on your aftermarket margins. Let us say 
you said product margins are lower, aftermarket margins are higher, if not the exact numbers, but 
just the diƯerence between the product margins and the aftermarket margins. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
If I'm venturing, I'm guessing here. If we make 10% in equipment, we'll probably make 60% in 
aftermarket. Okay. Right? That doesn't mean I'm saying we make 10% in equipment. We don't. 
But if we do, then the ratio is one is to six. 
Yash: 
And on the aftermarket side, what percentage of the compressors sold in India? We have 
penetration as far as the aftermarket is concerned. Do we have strong penetration or there is 
still…  

Jairam Varadaraj: 
In India? 
Yash: 
In India. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Oh, there is still room. Like I said, in India, the loyalty to genuine parts is lower. So there is 
deﬁnitely opportunity for us to improve it, right? But it doesn't come that easily. It's a very large 
market, yeah? 
Yash: 
Sure. Thank you so much for answering all of my questions.  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Okay. You done? ELGI? L and G are my grandfather's initials. E and I is to make it look little stylish. 
Analyst: 
I have one question. On the product side, if you could highlight in terms of oil-free, oil-ﬁlled, 
portable, recip, what composition of growth you're looking in terms of products for next four to 
ﬁve years?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Is that somebody here? 
Analyst: 
Yeah. Yeah, so in terms of products for next ﬁve years growth strategy, the change in composition, 
any high-growth products and low-growth products you will be looking at?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Prem, you want to take that question? Is there a disproportionate growth coming from a speciﬁc 
product. The only thing I can think of is lubricated screw.  
Premendra: 
Yeah, you can, yeah, it works. Yeah, in addition to that also accessories as a product line for us, 
like dryers we talked about. So, a higher penetration of that in our installed base. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So lubricated screw is a focused product. So that contributes a big part of the growth. 
Accessories, like what Prem said, and aftermarket, because that's a natural extension of installed 
base. The rest of it, portable compressors, water well, railway, they're all business as usual, 
nothing signiﬁcant, no and oil ﬁlled and portable? I don't want to give that information. I'll be too 
competitive.  
Analyst: 
Thank you, sir.  
 

Jairam Varadaraj: 
Yeah, thank you. 
Analyst: 
Sir, what is the breakup between oil free and oil compressors? Oil free, which goes into pharma 
and other segments. Yeah. And with oil compressors, what is the breakup of that in our…  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
No, I don't want to give those numbers. 
Analyst: 
Sir, just following up. Just following up with the previous point that you made, if you can just give 
some insight that if China, if you're saying double-digit growth versus 4% in India, is it some 
organized versus unorganized thing? Are there some sectors or segments where it's not used in 
India? According to you, what can lead to that growth, say, in India, what happened in China? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Massive economic growth. India pales in comparison to what China did over the last decade. 
Analyst: 
This is lower than even like GDP growth. 4% growth is like lower than... 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
GDP is a bit of a misnomer because you can have consumption-led GDP or investment-led GDP, 
correct? So, you go and reduce GST rates, suddenly your consumption goes up and that improves 
your GST. Factories are being set up, right? So, I think you need to look at the index of industrial 
production. That's a little better than GDP, yeah? And that, if you look at what China had and what 
India had, it's a day and night diƯerence, yeah? 
Analyst: 
Sir, regarding the Demand=Match, the stabilizer product, it's good that we are getting very good 
feedback from our customer. And commercially speaking, how much percentage terms can it 
increase our realization per product? And would we be looking to export that product to the US, 
EU market? And we've also introduced lot of compressors in the higher kilowatt segment this year. 
So, would it be helpful to us in gaining market share? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So, Demand=Match, like I said, has increased our price realization. I don't want to say how much 
percentage. That's too sensitive an information. That's point number one. Point number two is 
large kilowatt machines we've always had. What we have introduced is a new upgrade on the 
large kilowatt machines. It's not new in that sense, right? It's a two-stage machine instead of a 
single-stage machine. So, it's an upgrade of an existing machine. Yes, all these introductions, the 
idea is to increase the value proposition to the customer and therefore increase our market share, 
right?  
Analyst: 
Yeah, sure. And could we retroﬁt that Demand=Match product into our existing… 
 

Jairam Varadaraj: 
Yes, we can. We can, but it's not… it is quite expensive. We'll do it later, not now. The retroﬁtting 
process is expensive. Because the whole air-end has to be changed. 
Analyst: 
Thank you, sir. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
 I'll use this. This is ﬁne. 
Analyst: 
Hi, You were talking about the compressor that you were making to compete with the cheap 
Chinese machines and that I think was at least 20-25% of the current Indian market that is being 
catered to by that machine. So where are we in launching that product and if that product actually 
you do say matches the Chinese machines. Could we introduce this into more geographies and 
are we planning that in our FY-30 estimates like other markets besides India?  
Jairam Varadaraj: 
The product is going through validation even as we speak. The launch plan in India is end of 
second quarter of this year. So that's really the plan. Now, can we sell this all over the world? 
Absolutely. Have we taken it in the plan? Very small. Very small in relation to the possibility.  
Thank you. So, thank you very much for fascinating questions, very interesting. And thank you for 
that interaction. Appreciate it. Thank you very much. 
***************************************************************************************** 
  
