 
 
Date: February 05, 2026 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
India 
 
Scrip Code: 543529 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
India  
 
Symbol: DELHIVERY  
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated January 31, 2026, regarding audio recording of the 
Earnings Conference Call held on January 31, 2026, at 06:00 P.M. (IST) on the performance of the 
Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2025.  
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the above Earnings Conference Call. 
 
The above disclosure is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.delhivery.com 
 
You are requested to take the same on your record.  
Thank you. 
Yours sincerely, 
For Delhivery Limited 
 
 
Madhulika Rawat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F 8765 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
Madhuli
ka Vipin 
Rawat
Digitally signed by Madhulika Vipin Rawat 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=dd2f50ca22da2c256cef989a643a4a5
cec9b67d080aa612ad2b5cf65221e9316, 
postalCode=400074, street=WO Vipin Rawat 
Flat No701Aayush Saraswati ApartmentsPlot 
No103 Collectors Colony Chembur East 
Mumbai, 
pseudonym=baacf7f7e68c41b8b1b66731e3c
154ce, title=2352, 
serialNumber=336c59e6f7dcc44b3c123a29dd
cf203e3cb65cca6ed38b5d2d9e359eab3e5f09, 
o=Personal, cn=Madhulika Vipin Rawat 
Date: 2026.02.05 17:56:25 +05'30'

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
 
 
Delhivery Limited - Q3FY26  Earnings Conference Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
 
 
Management:   
MR. SAHIL BARUA, MD & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. VIVEK PABARI, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MS. VANI VENKATESH, CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
MR. VARUN BAKSHI, HEAD - PART TRUCKLOAD 
MR. NAVNEET KUMAR, HEAD – SUPPLY CHAIN SERVICES 
 
Moderator:  
 
YASH JAIN, AMBIT CAPITAL 
 
 
 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Yash Jain 
Hi, good evening everyone. Welcome to the Q3FY26 earnings call of Delhivery Limited hosted 
by Ambit Capital. Before we start, Delhivery would like to point out that some of the statements 
made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been 
included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. 
To discuss the results, I am pleased to welcome Mr. Sahil Barua, MD and Chief Executive Officer, 
Mr. Vivek Pabari, Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Vani Venkatesh, Chief Business Officer, Mr. 
Varun Bakshi, SVP and Head of Part Truck Load, Mr. Navneet Kumar, SVP and Head of Supply 
Chain Solutions, Mr. Naman Jain, Head Investor Relations and Corporate Development. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and participants can use the raise hand 
feature to ask any questions post the opening remarks. Now, I invite Mr. Sahil Barua to take us 
through the key highlights of the quarter post which we will open up for Q&A. Thank you and 
over to you, Sahil. 
Sahil Barua 
Thank you, Yash. Thank you, Ambit, for hosting us this evening. Welcome to all of you and thank 
you for joining us on a Saturday evening. 
Before we begin, as you are aware, we have been in the process of reconstituting our Board of 
Directors for the last year and I would like to place on record on behalf of Delhivery’s Management 
Team, Board and shareholders, our deepest gratitude to Mr. Deepak Kapoor and Mr. Saugata 
Gupta, who will be stepping away from their roles on the Board of Delhivery. Deepak joined us 
as Chairman of our Board in 2018 and has been on the Delhivery Board for 8 years and his 
contribution through these 8 years has been instrumental towards shaping our governance, setting 
in place internal financial controls and also taking the company public. And Saugata's experience 
with running a public company has been instrumental to building Delhivery from a startup to an 
institution, which is where we are today. 
So, thank you to both of them. Moving on to Quarter 3, I will start with a quick summary and then 
hand it over to my colleague, Vani. Quarter 3 has been an excellent quarter overall. 
The quick summary of it is that we saw record volumes across our transportation businesses and 
significant improvements in profitability. Overall revenue from services grew 18% YoY to nearly 
2,800 crores. Quarter 3 profits, which Vani will talk about in more detail, came in at nearly as 
much as we did in the entire FY25. 
And I'm very pleased to note that in the 9 months of FY26 so far, we've reached a milestone of 
crossing over 1,000 crores in service EBITDA profits. So, Vani will begin with the presentation 
and then once we're done, I'll come back and take questions. Vani, over to you. 
Vani Venkatesh 
Thank you, Sahil. Thank you, Yash. I appreciate all of you joining us on a Saturday evening. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
I'll start off with the highlights in Q3. Overall, it's been a very satisfying, strong quarter. All around 
profitable growth. 
If you look at the business highlights, it's been a record festive season with about 295 million 
express parcel shipments. Driven by strong share-of-wallet gains across clients. PTL has also 
crossed 500k metric tons, another record. Consistent sales efforts and service levels have been 
seamless this time. So, that's been fantastic for PTL.  
SCS, we've got some key contract wins in SCS. SCS, as you know, is a long sales cycle and we 
are seeing traction on that now. We are very happy about it. We are starting off with one of India's 
largest engineering companies and a flagship luxury home and lifestyle brand in SCS. 
So, overall, all our core businesses are doing very, very well. Coming to margins, again, all around 
improvement. As Sahil just mentioned, it culminated in a 1,000 crore Service EBITDA. It's a first 
ever for us.  
The Adjusted EBITDA came in at about 147 crores. It's been a very efficient quarter. We've 
clogged in this much EBITDA all of last year. And in this quarter alone, we've gotten about 147 
crores. PAT profitability is at 110 crores before Ecom integration costs. And even after the 
integration costs, it's about 40 crores. So, overall, our focus on margin and the improvement 
initiatives have started to yield very good results for us.  
On new launches, we are very much on track. Delhivery Direct, we've extended our on-demand 
intra-city service to two new cities, Mumbai and Hyderabad. And we've launched an air economy 
product, which our SME customers can benefit from, which is Delhivery International. So, some 
of our growth engines are also starting to give benefits. 
Tech, data and engineering side, we've scaled our SaaS footprint with TransportOne. We've 
launched Freight Index One, which is an industry first for us. And we've successfully completed 
our first field mission with autonomous VTOL drones. We performed a 12-kilometer test medical 
Delhivery in UP in about 12 minutes.  
So, all in all, great top line. We are very happy with the margins. New launches are on track. Tech 
data product firing well.  
If you come down one page. Translating all of this to numbers, volumes, both the transportation 
businesses, which are Express and PTL, have clocked their highest ever. So, 295 million Express 
parcel shipments and 507k metric tons of PTL, both are their highest ever. Express is a whopping 
43% almost YoY growth. PTL is also a handsome 23% YoY growth. So, both of these have really 
fired in volumes. All of this translates to 2,798 crores revenue for us. 
And this is about 18% higher than the same time last year. It's about 10% of sequential growth. 
And this growth has come in with significant margin expansion. So, we are happy about the 
profitable growth.  
Service EBITDA is at about 421 crores. EBITDA has come in at 233 crores. That's about 8.4%. 
That's more than 2x of what we got in the same quarter last year. PAT is at 110 crores or 3.8%. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Again, more than 4x of what we got in the same quarter last year. So, all the numbers that you look 
on the left-hand side, the Q3 numbers, all of this are the highest ever. So, both in terms of volumes, 
revenue, margin, it's been a very, very good quarter for us. If you look to the right side, as we add 
all of these numbers and the first half results, it comes to 748 million express parcel shipments in 
9 months to date. And about 1,442,000 metric tons of PTL freight. All of this is adding to more 
than 7,600 crores of service revenue. And the highest ever Service EBITDA we've seen of 1,053 
crores and a PAT of about 260 crores. So, again, a good quarter and culminating into a good 9 
months.  
Moving to the operational metrics, here's a quick snapshot of the operational metrics. From a 
coverage point of view, we continue to cover the length and breadth of India's 18,838 pincodes. 
We serve the world through our existing partnerships as also our new air economy product that we 
are launching. We have more than 51,000 customers. We've crossed the 50,000 mark here. All of 
whom we serve through our 21.9 million square feet of infrastructure. Our 123 hubs and gateways 
that keep ticking around the clock to keep our shipments moving. 49 automated sort centers and 
74 sorters.  
We serve our freight business through our 140 freight service centers. We have 163 processing 
centers now. And we've been serving our express business through 4,730 centers between our own 
and partner-led centers. 
Again, all of this massive operation runs with our 71,000 strong team with 67,000 partner agents 
and 21,000 strong fleet. So that's on the operations metrics.  
Just double-clicking onto the revenue and the performance by business line, we start with Express. 
So overall revenue from services is about 2,798 crores. That's 18% YoY growth and a 10% 
sequential quarter growth. Two-thirds of this is from express as you can see. And that's about 1,839 
crores of revenue from Express. It's been a very good quarter, 24% YoY growth and 14% 
sequential revenue growth on Express. In volume terms, that translates to a 43% YoY volume 
growth and a 20% sequential quarter growth. 
The great part of Express is while October's been the festive peak, we've actually sustained the 
high volumes well beyond. So November and December have also been very good months for us. 
And all segments have fired. 
So D2C, SME, the channel partners across the board, all segments have fired extremely well. And 
they've fired in a very profitable way. So Express seems to be going good and is very, very well 
set for the coming quarters. 
Coming to PTL, again, 21% of revenue from PTL. Revenue growth is at 25% YoY. Volume 
growth is at 23% YoY. 
So revenue growth surpasses volume growth, which is indicative of the continued yield 
improvement efforts of the team. The PTL team has also invested in the salesforce and continues 
to invest in sales personnel to reach cities that we were not directly reaching earlier. So in the last 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
quarter, as well as in the upcoming quarter, we see a fair amount of potential in terms of continuing 
the growth trajectory and the profitable growth trajectory on PTL. 
I'll move to supply chain services next. Revenue has been maintained at 171 crores in supply chain 
services. As we had shared last time, related to last year, we took an informed call to exit some of 
the unprofitable portfolios here. So, we exited a mother warehouse for quick commerce. There was 
some seasonality in electronics and durables and so on. But as we enter this quarter, the good news 
is that with all the profit actions in place, we now have new mandates as well that we are starting 
to implement this quarter. And we have a very healthy pipeline to convert. So SCS business also 
is looking good. Margins are set and we have a healthy pipeline and a clear plan of action to get 
the top line firing as well, just like the other businesses in the past. 
Coming to cross-border services revenue, we clocked in about 33 crores of cross-border services 
revenue.  
On the profitability side, I'll call your attention to the highlighted box. Total service EBITDA is at 
about 421 crores, which translates to about 15.1%. In transportation, we've maintained that we 
want to get to a 16% to 18% goal. You'll see that in Express, we've gotten to 18.1%. And in PTL, 
we've expanded our margins to about 11%. So all in all, the transport margin overall crossed the 
16% mark, at about 16.4%. This is a good 3.6% over the same time last year. Again, if you look 
at SCS, it's been a massive improvement. Same time last year was 2.1% and we've moved it to 
about 13% now. So a bunch of disciplined measures, foundation very well set to scale now. When 
we pull all of this together, it's a 1,000 crore service EBITDA for the first time. 
Express is comfortably at the range of 16% to 18%. PTL is in good double digits and diligently 
marching to the 16+% goal that we spoke about. Overall corporate overheads came in at about 
9.1% and we invested 20 crores in our new businesses. Notably Delhi, Hyderabad for our intra-
city services and expansion of rapid stores. And all of this led to an Adjusted EBITDA of about 
147 crores this quarter. As I mentioned earlier, this is almost the same amount as all of last year in 
just this quarter. 
And PAT comes in at about 110 crores. So all in all, it's been a very, very profitable growth quarter. 
If we move down one page. 
In summary, we've prudently focused on profitable growth. PAT and PAT expansion speak the 
story. If you look at the trend for the last three years from about negative 3%, negative 2.9% two 
years back, we've moved to 1.7% and now in the nine months ending, we are at about 3.3%.  
All in all, it's been a quarter of several firsts for us. We are very satisfied with the volumes, with 
the revenue, with the margins on transportation. Well set for profitable growth in SCS. We are 
very well geared for the future, both in terms of the plans that we have on salesforce expansion 
and the other investments to grow both the core businesses as well as new businesses. 
We've been disciplined in investments in new businesses and comfortable on working capital and 
cash reserves. So, with this, we are looking forward to growing on this momentum and taking this 
forward. So, this is a brief overview we wanted to share before opening it up for any questions. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Sahil, if you would like to round up, you could. 
Sahil Barua 
Yeah. So thanks, Vani. So as summarized, everyone, I think a very satisfactory quarter overall. 
I think ahead of even our expectations to some extent. Largely driven by sort of extremely high 
quality service throughout this period. You know, as you've seen in quarters in the past, in the peak 
period, sometimes when the express volumes and the heavy volumes are significantly higher, we 
have previously tended to have, you know, somewhat shaky service levels on the truckload freight 
side. 
So a lot of work has gone in from a technology and product standpoint, which we've spoken about 
in the shareholder letter as well. Sort of revamping our systems, bringing in more automation. And 
a lot of this is really cutting edge technology for logistics globally and certainly in India. And I 
think what you're seeing is really the results of that.  
The second, you know, I've been speaking about on multiple analyst calls, of course, is also the 
expansion of our sales teams to new geographies. And I think what we're seeing in terms of growth 
in PTL specifically is also, you know, sort of early signs of that strategy paying off. 
And the sales team is still being built up. And I think we'll sort of be, you know, fully built out by 
the time we're hitting quarter one of the next FY. So, you know, a very exciting quarter, great base 
for quarter four. 
Bear in mind, quarter four is the high watermark quarter usually for PTL. So it's another busy 
quarter for us. And, you know, it's an excellent base for Fiscal 27. 
So, you know, very proud of our results, very proud of the team. And, you know, happy to take 
questions. 
Yash Jain 
Sahil, we'll open the session for Q&A. Anyone who wishes to ask a question can raise their hand. 
The first question is from the line of Sachin. Sachin, if you could just also speak about your 
organization name. Thanks. 
Sachin Salgaonkar 
Can you hear me? 
Sahil Barua 
Yeah, Sachin, go ahead. 
Sachin Salgaonkar 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Hi, this is Sachin Salgaonkar from Bank of America. Sahil and team, congrats on a great set of 
numbers. I have three questions. 
The first question is on your margins for Express parcel. Clearly, it's already at 18%. And, you 
know, your outlook suggests volumes are expected to increase.  
There's a lot of investment going into technology. And I understand the total transport margin 
guidance of 16% to 18%. But specifically from an express point of view, any color you could go 
in terms of how high this margin could go from a steady state point of view. 
And let me know if I should say the other two questions. 
Sahil Barua 
Why don't you go ahead with all three and then I'll answer them together. 
Sachin Salgaonkar 
Got it. The second question is on the pricing power in the Express industry. Clearly, Express 
consolidation is done. 
We do understand some of the smaller players appear to be struggling in the market. So do want 
to understand, you know, where we are from a pricing point of view. And should we continue to 
see a yield increase in the market going ahead? 
And a related question is also the outlook for 2026. Yesterday, an e-commerce entity in their con 
call did mention that their outsourcing mix is changing. Clearly, you guys are one of the bigger 
beneficiaries of it. 
So, I would love to understand, you know, how that adds into the industry outlook for 3PL industry 
and specifically for your market share going ahead. And the last question is, how long should we 
see investments into new services like rapid commerce? And any number you could give in terms 
of the kind of investments you guys are looking to make out here? 
Thank you. 
  
Sahil Barua 
Thanks, Sachin. Let me try and get to all of them one by one. In terms of margins for the Express 
business, I think we're at about 18.1% for Q3. Now, this has come without actually any increases 
in any significant or meaningful increases in yield. So a lot of this has just come from as volumes 
have gone up, you know, sort of higher utilization of the network. I know somebody on this call 
will eventually ask me what the utilization of the network is. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
And I'll just pre-empt that by saying that I couldn't put an exact number to it. But it is overall higher 
utilization, higher productivity across all facilities, you know, higher haulage on the trucks, which 
has expanded margins. And the second thing, of course, is a lot of cost discipline from our 
operations teams, which have been driven by a lot of the improvements we've made on the 
technology side. 
To give you one example of how technology makes a difference. You know, one of the features 
that one of our senior product leaders had released earlier before we hit quarter three was 
something that seems quite innocuous. It's as simple as sort of figuring out how to auto dock, you 
know, trucks at all of our facilities. It's a complex mathematical problem, but the impact it has is, 
you know, something like 20 minutes to 30 minutes per truck that shows up. But when you're 
transacting, you know, thousands of trucks across the entire network, you're saving several man 
hours of time. And a lot of this has sort of translated into real savings on the ground. 
So how far can margins expand? You know, I've said this before. The network has stably operated 
up to, you know, 22-23% margins as well in the past. 
Beyond that, of course, we can expand margins, but that usually comes at the cost of some service 
quality in some locations. So I don't see any reason as long as pricing remains where it is for us to 
not be able to raise margins.  
Now, that brings me to the second question that you asked, which was around pricing power in 
Express. You know, I have stated this before. Pricing power comes from two different sorts - there 
are two different streams of thought here. One is the ability to take pricing up. 
The second is the ability to make money at a price where no other competitors can make money at 
all. And we believe that it's the second pricing power that is more important than the first, 
especially in industries which are commodity industries, which we are. Logistics is a commodity 
industry, you know, unlike, you know, where you choose which phone you want to buy. 
I don't really want any of our clients to sort of think about differentiated logistics. They need to 
move things from point A to point B. They need the highest reliability. They need the widest reach. 
They need the fastest speed and they need the lowest cost. And this is one of the few industries in 
the world where it is possible to deliver all of these. 
So we are the pricing pressure in this market and we will continue to maintain pricing pressure on 
competition in this market, as we've said in the past. You know, we will retain yields where they 
are. Specific yield mix in any given quarter, of course, is dependent on the weights that we haul 
and the distances that we haul. 
Typically, in the peak period, prior to the Ecom Express acquisition, we would haul a larger 
proportion of heavy weights through the network during the festive period. This year, obviously, 
because of the consolidation, we've hauled a larger proportion of smaller parcels, which is why 
our yield may optically look a little compressed compared to where it's been. But there's no 
fundamental difference in pricing. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
As we've mentioned before, our competitors do not make money at this price. You know, all of 
our competitors, there are two ways to look at this. One, of course, is that we acquired Ecom. 
The other private and public competitors in this space have no incremental margins. And that itself, 
I think, is testament to the comparative position that we've established. So, from a pricing 
standpoint, I think Delhivery will continue to maintain, you know, a strategic course as we have. 
Will you see deep cuts in yield? No, not necessarily. One of the areas that we're, of course, working 
on, and it is a complex problem again, is thinking about dynamic pricing or yield indexed pricing. 
When we have the ability to do, sorry, when we do utilization indexed pricing, we have the ability 
to provide discounts to customers on very specific lanes while actually improving profitability of 
Delhivery. And that is going to be one of the major areas that we will pick up. So it could be 
utilization based on route. 
It could be utilization based on time. It could be utilization based on weight or client category. 
This is a hugely complex technical problem, of course, but one that we fully anticipate we will be 
able to solve over the next couple of quarters. 
In terms of outlook for 2026, I think, yes, you're right. I think, you know, it's good to see that e-
commerce companies have gone public in India. I think what that does is it sort of brings a certain 
transparency to, you know, strategic choices. 
As we mentioned in the past, Delhivery's cost structure is not achievable by standalone parcel 
networks. And so we are not just likely to be the largest beneficiary whenever there is a sort of 
cost pressure. We are, in fact, the only beneficiary because, as you've seen in the past, volumes 
from large e-commerce marketplaces when outsourced to third party players who are parcel only 
players actually don't improve their profitability meaningfully at all. 
In fact, in the case of Ecom Express, prior to our acquisition, the more volumes they did, the more 
money they burned. And, you know, that continues to be the case for several private players 
already. And incremental margins are really what you need to look at in logistics. 
So, I think our outlook remains as confident as it was. You know, we've always said that our cost 
structure is what gives us the unique advantage. Our model is what gives us the unique advantage. 
It's perhaps taken three years for that to really sort of for the penny to drop and for people to be 
able to see those numbers in action. But that's effectively what you're seeing. And so as long as 
cost pressures continue, you know, I'm fairly confident that we will continue to gain share. 
As you can see, our margins remain unaffected by these cost pressures. And do bear in mind that 
this is in the face of inflating costs. You know, labor costs inflate fairly reliably, real estate costs 
inflate fairly reliably. 
And despite that, Delhivery’s margins have actually been increasing, whereas you can't see the 
same for either captive players of any form. It doesn't matter what model they use or, you know, 
third-party standalone players.  

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Your last question in terms of how long will investments in rapid commerce and other areas 
continue? 
It's quite interesting, actually, rapid commerce. You know, at the start when we did the planning, 
you know, I came on a call and I said, look, I think this is probably a 100crore kind of opportunity 
for Delhivery and it's a good capability for us to have. Now, what's interesting is the B2B 
opportunity in rapid commerce actually also turns out to be quite significant. 
It's a pleasant surprise. And so, you know, the build-out, while we haven't accelerated the build-
out of our dark store or dark fulfillment network yet, you know, I think you'll see some expansion 
over quarter one and quarter two of the next fiscal. But the important thing to note and what we 
track internally is we look at the gross margins of this business. 
In quarter three, which was the previous quarter, actually, this business was also a gross margin 
positive business. So, again, like all of our other businesses, you know, and the kinds of businesses 
we like running, these are utilization indexed businesses. And so as our volumes grow, once again, 
this business sort of just accretes cash to the Delhivery bottom line. 
So some of the investments in rapid commerce, for example, will depend on how fast our business 
development scales up. It's a team that was quite small until we began Q3, but now we have more 
aggressive designs on the space. And what we're also doing, again, a fairly complicated technical 
challenge, is really figuring out how to merge our non-express and express networks, in the sense 
of non-rapid and rapid networks. I'm sorry. And when we have the ability to do that, we have the 
ability to sort of have this fuzzy serviceability, which allows us to improve the profitability of rapid 
commerce by moving regular orders through the rapid network and taking advantage of the 
underutilization of the rapid network. So you will sort of start seeing that also play out by, let's call 
it Q1 of next FY. 
So at least as far as rapid goes, I think, you know, the investments are neither very large nor will 
they, you know, continue for a very long period of time. It's a business that accretes money. It's 
the same clients. It's a faster service and it'll get integrated with a larger network over time.  
Delhivery Direct is an area, of course, where we continue to invest in the intracity on demand 
space. When looked at as a combination of intercity and intracity, of course, this business makes 
money. 
But on the intracity on demand space, we continue to invest. My sense is that at this stage, our 
annual investments will be in the range of 60, 70 crores a year or so. But that really depends on 
what our expansion plan is going to be. 
So far, we are in Delhi and Ahmedabad and in Bangalore, where we've launched and we've recently 
launched Hyderabad and Mumbai as well. So, our plan is to obviously expand this. You know, 
one is obviously for our own users internally, but also for external SME customers and then to 
integrate this with Delhivery One. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
So I think that will take us at least the next FY in terms of our other businesses. Just to be clear, 
Delhivery International is a profitable business from the get go. So, there's no investment required 
in that business. It's an add-on service to the express service we already provided through FedEx 
and Aramex.  
So net net in terms of new businesses, I think it's safe to assume somewhere in our sort of 60 to 80 
crore kind of range that we will invest next fiscal. 
Sachin Salgaonkar 
Thanks for the detailed answers, just one follow up. This is on express margins where you did 
mention a 24-25% was the peak margin in the past. But this was before we saw acquisition of 
Ecom Express. Now, even the volumes are incrementally increasing. So should we see the crossing 
of that peak at some point and room to increase beyond 24-25% as well? 
Sahil Barua 
See, as long as we can continue to drive up utilization, what you're saying is, of course, accurate. 
And when I said that 24-25% is where I have seen the network stably perform, you know, that's 
the important indicator. Just to be clear, you know, in 15 years, I've seen the network also perform 
at 30% plus EBITDA margins at various points. 
But those have usually come at the cost of some instability in service level somewhere. You know, 
a rapid surge of utilization in some part of the network may be profitable in the short term. We 
might make, you know, a quarter of very heavy profits out of it. 
But usually, in my experience, we've ended up paying, you know, a service cost as a result. Given 
the fact that our network is much larger than it was in those days, our operational capabilities are 
significantly more sophisticated. You know, and the competitive environment, of course, is 
increasingly becoming more benign. 
It's a very difficult question for me to answer. Could the network operate stably at sort of margins 
above that range? Yes, it could actually. 
But at what point exactly will service taxes sort of, you know, come in? It's hard to predict because 
it depends on where the volume comes in specifically and how demand shifts around. So, I'd 
suggest let's just play it by the ear. 
Can the network perform at 22%, 23%, 24% margins? Absolutely. We don't intend to drop the 
price. 
Utilization should go up. Dynamic pricing may bring our yields down optically, but our 
profitability will remain intact. You know, outside of that, you know, can we go beyond that? 
I think let's see. We're already, as Express networks go, you know, are a fairly profitable Express 
Network. So maybe we'll see a couple of quarters down the line. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
 Sachin Salgaonkar 
Thanks, Sahil and all the best. 
 Sahil Barua 
Thank you. 
 Yash Jain 
Thanks, Sachin. I'll again request participants to limit their questions to two. And in case of any 
follow-ups, please rejoin the queue. 
The next question is from the line of Sachin Dixit. Sachin, please, could you also mention the 
organization name? 
Sahil Barua 
Hey, Sachin, if you're speaking, we can't hear you. I think you're on mute. 
Sachin Dixit 
Yeah, I think you should be able to hear me. 
Sahil Barua 
Yeah, we can, we can. Sachin, you'll have to unmute yourself again. 
 Sachin Dixit 
Oh, I hope you can hear me again. 
Sahil Barua 
Yes, now I can. 
Sachin Dixit 
Yeah, sure. So my first question is on basically some of the sustainability of numbers delivered 
this quarter, right? So because one of the largest customers did allude that they had some issues 
with their own captive logistics arm and they expect recovery there. 
So do you see some of the retracing of the outperformance we saw this quarter? I mean, obviously, 
we expected good numbers, but some extra outperformance you would have seen, could we see is 
recovering some retracing of that happening? 
Sahil Barua 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Do you have more questions? You want to ask all of them first? 
Sachin Dixit 
Sure, sure. My second question is on the Ecom integration side, right? Obviously, we did highlight 
300 crore of potential cost on that side. 
Looks like now we are going to wind up at roughly half of that number. If you can also highlight 
where all were you positively surprised in terms of seeing the lower integration cost? The third 
question is on supply chain services. 
Now, this business, we have seen you onboarding clients. Some of them are marquee clients as 
well. But if you look at growth for this business, it's mostly flat, even if you look at Q3FY26 
numbers. 
So do we finally see that the bottoming out has happened and we have a sustainable path to growth 
in this business? I do understand a bit the margins have been improved. But on the top line side as 
well, if you can give some strength to whether the sustenance is there. 
Sahil Barua 
Absolutely. Great questions. Let me start with the sustainability of numbers of this quarter. 
Look, I have said this many, many, many times over the years. Our margins are sustainable. They 
do not depend on variations in volume. 
You can go back from the day that we went public to today. We have maintained that express 
margins will remain in the 16-18% range. We've been at the lower ends of that range when we 
were doing 57 million packages a month. 
We are at the upper end of that range or beyond it a little bit when we are doing nearly 100 million 
shipments a month. And yields, of course, over a three year period have compressed a little bit. So 
I think what we are always concerned about, and this is linked also to the third question on SCS. 
And my primary focus has always been, and we have stated this, has been that we have to generate 
profits. At the end of the day, discounting led growth in logistics or low cost growth in logistics is 
suicidal, as you've seen by the industry getting consolidated towards us and by other players 
struggling in terms of whether it's incremental margins or being able to raise capital. So I think 
that's the more important question around sustainability, if you ask me. 
Now, let's come to the matter of growth. As I mentioned in the past, Delhivery's advantage is in 
its cost structure and its model. It is not in a tactical decision to price lower for any given quarter. 
Now, individual companies may change their outsourcing strategies in any given quarter. 
Sometimes they do more, sometimes they do less. But if you look at the long arc of time, you 
know, and here I mean long arc as even maybe three years, you know, we've had captives declaring 
publicly that they are profitable only to post 2,000 crore losses when they file their results. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
So there's no truth to any of this. And so the question is merely how long will people continue to 
sustain losses in the logistics entities? You know, and I don't believe that there's an infinite lifetime 
for that. 
The good news is for us, there is an infinite lifetime for a profitable logistics company, which we 
are. And so I'm not very worried about things from a sustainability standpoint. The other question 
worth asking actually is not to Delhivery, but to the e-commerce companies themselves, right? 
Which is if your own logistics fail to perform at the time when you needed it the most, why do you 
run it? You know, you might as well work with third party partners who've been stable. So I 
actually think Delhivery's responsibility is to provide a large stable base for e-commerce 
companies of all shapes and sizes to ship reliably, pan India at the lowest possible cost, the highest 
possible speed. 
Now, outside of that, if they should choose to run experiments on their own in specific geographies 
or for specific kinds of products, you know, that's up to them. But our advantage is our cost 
structure Is our margin structure sustainable? 100%. And it doesn't depend on any individual 
changes made by anybody. 
The other thing to remember is that compared to everybody else in this industry, we have an 
extraordinarily low client concentration of any kind. Most logistics companies in India will have, 
you know, sort of a 60-70% concentration towards a single customer. We, first of all, by virtue of 
not having just an Express business, are hugely protected. 
And within our Express business, actually, we have a very sort of spread out set of volumes. And 
so our ability to grow, our ability to perform as a business is not dependent on any customer's 
individual strategy.  
Now, coming to the second question on Ecom Express integration, you know, you asked me a 
question, where are we positively surprised? 
You know, I'd have to say when you estimated 300 crores and are likely to end up at 150, you've 
been positively surprised all along the way. So, I suppose we are positively surprised by 
everything. You know, we did say when we started out that we took a conservative view. 
Which is our approach. Fortunately, we have been able to shut down facilities earlier than 
originally thought. We have been able to also because we've sustained volumes, be able to integrate 
some facilities into our network, you know, more quickly than we'd originally anticipated. 
And as a consequence of that, the integration costs have been much lower. I think we learned from 
our Spoton integration, which wasn't something that went to plan. And this time, you know, we 
had a very, very sharp integration plan and a full integration team working on this. 
And, you know, they've done a fantastic job and it reflects that. So it's not a question of being a 
positive surprise alone. I think it is down to extremely disciplined execution. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
The third question on supply chain services, you know, you're right. While we have been 
onboarding clients, growth has been flat. Again, as I mentioned, there's no point driving fast if you 
don't know where you're going. 
You know, and in our case, the clear steer to the team was that earnings over growth. And as you 
can see, we've gone from 2.1% margin to 13% in this quarter. And that was something that was 
strategically very important to us. 
There's no point to us, you know, sort of accelerating warehousing space and accelerating, you 
know, client onboarding while not making enough money to justify being in the business. I think 
where we are today is, again, with a far more secure base than we had at the same time last year. 
There are some industries that we've learned, you know, perhaps the hard way that we shouldn't 
be participants in. Quick Commerce obviously being one of them, doing mother warehousing for 
Quick Commerce is unfortunately for logistics companies seems to be a loss making proposition. 
It took us some time to exit that. And there's some natural seasonality as well. 
But the question is, is this sort of the bottom of the SCS business from a growth standpoint? I'd 
like to think so. As you heard from Vani earlier, you know, we have a couple of big mandates 
coming up. 
One, obviously, is a Pan India redesign for a large engineering goods company. And the other one 
is a supply chain redesign for a leading home and fashion player. Outside of this, we continue to 
gain share with existing accounts as well in auto, consumer durables, you know, consumer 
electronics. 
And interestingly, one of the big growth drivers here has also been e-commerce, where, again, our 
sort of big network advantages and ability to cut down cost have been moving, you know, more 
and more e-commerce companies are moving fulfillment towards us as well. So, yes, I do think 
this is perhaps sort of the low end of supply chain services from a growth standpoint. But again, 
more importantly, I think the focus has to be on the margins. 
Sachin Dixit 
All right. Thanks for the detailed answers, Sahil and all the best. 
Yash Jain 
Thank you. Thank you, Sachin. The next question is from the line of Vijit Jain. 
Vijit, could you please unmute yourself and also mention the organization name? 
Vijit Jain 
Yeah. Hi. Can you hear me? 
Sahil Barua 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Absolutely, Vijit. Please go ahead. 
Vijit Jain 
Yeah. Hi, Sahil. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. This is Vijit Jain from Citi. My first 
question is, you know, now you are in a high. 
Sahil Barua 
Vijit, sorry, I lost you just as you started your question. If you don't mind, could you please repeat?  
Vijit Jain 
Yeah, sure. So what I was saying is you said in the letter that you're currently in a high growth 
operating environment and you've kind of raised guidance on Capex in the near term. So my 
question is, is a comment on Capex also towards mid-mile infrastructure, specifically in e-
commerce? 
And my second question is, you know, related to the PTL business where there's a comment inside 
which says you're integrating capacity management with key clients and there are other comments 
on capability improvements there. Should we expect meaningful wallet share gains with existing 
customers here as well? And in general, how would you split your revenue growth in PTL between 
new and existing customers? 
Sahil Barua 
Sure. Great questions again. Thanks. 
Just before I answer both questions, that integration of capacity management actually was on the 
e-commerce side, not so much on the PTL side, because e-commerce is where you have 
significantly higher volatility in daily demand. So that's sort of where the technical systems play a 
fairly large role. But anyway, coming back to questions. 
High growth operating environment. We haven't raised our guidance on Capex in the sense that 
we expect to spend more as a % of revenue than we have in the past, just to be very clear. We 
continue to expect that Capex will decline down to the sort of, you know, 4% to 4.3%, 4.4% of 
revenue over the not so medium term. Perhaps maybe even seven, eight quarters out, ten quarters 
out, we should be starting to hit those kinds of ranges. All we're saying is that there may be certain 
Capex investments that depending on volume growth, where we had anticipated that we might do 
them, for example, in Q2 of FY27, we might end up doing some in Q1 and some from Q1 may get 
pulled in, you know, a little bit into Q4. Just to be clear, this will not be related largely to, for 
example, sortation equipment capex and so on. 
There will be obviously some sorters which will need to be added. Those, fortunately, were part 
of the acquisition of Ecom Express. So if there's a certain amount of opex involved, we're just 
moving them to a new location and installing them, but it's not very significant. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
And in the mid-mile facilities, e-commerce growth doesn't really compute, you know, in terms of 
tonnage handled. So if you think about it, let's say we handle, you know, call it 3 million shipments 
a day. An average shipment weight is whatever, you know, let's call it 700 grams. 
So effectively, you're hauling 21,000 tons of freight. Sorry, 2,100 tons of freight, which in the 
large scheme of things is not very significant. You know, when you look at it, we're doing, call it 
6,000 tons of freight on PTL. 
So really, the mid-mile Capex gets determined by PTL as opposed to, you know, anything to do 
with e-commerce. There'll be some minor sortation Capex here and there, but nothing very much 
large overall. In terms of PTL and heavies, there will be some amount of Capex. 
Again, this will not be in terms of sortation infrastructure that you're thinking. So this is not 
necessarily in terms of sort of more, you know, large scale mega gateways. We already have five 
mega gateways which are live. 
There may be a sixth in Noida, which we're evaluating, but it's not any time soon at this point in 
time. So nothing to sort of, you know, guide towards on that front. Where it will be is we are, there 
are two big changes happening that we're seeing from a mid-mile standpoint. 
One is that our truck form factors are changing again. Two things are happening. One is the fuel 
form is changing. 
So we have had experiments with LNG and that's done very well for us. So we, in fact, it's sort of 
in our network, what we've seen is that it tends to be at par or slightly cheaper than diesel vehicles. 
So we continue to induct LNG vehicles into our fleet, especially as we're retiring some of the older 
vehicles. 
And the second thing is that we will continue to add tractor trains in certain parts of our network, 
which essentially allow us to haul, you know, an additional container compared to the single 
container that we're hauling. We are live on a couple of routes already and, you know, we continue 
to get approval from time to time. So it's largely vehicle related capex that will come in. 
But again, it's not significant enough that it will alter our capex trajectory as a % of revenue at all.  
Now, in terms of the PTL business, the significant capability improvements are overall. One is the 
PTL business has benefited hugely from the capacity management being integrated with e-
commerce customers. 
You know, it's a very - I'm going to be a little geeky over here -a very complex network problem 
to be able to identify, you know, what the capacity of a node is, what expected load patterns of that 
node are going to look like over, you know, sort of a short period of time. And then basis what 
you're seeing getting manifested in real time, diverting that load into different parts of the network. 
So it's quite interesting in a way where today you might deliver, you know, a refrigerator from 
location A. And because you anticipate that three days from now, location A is not going to have 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
the capacity that it had today. You kind of divert that load away to an underutilized node, which 
is node B. 
Now, where this becomes complex is optimizing the network in real time is very hard. But the 
advantage of this, when you optimize loads away from, you know, sort of heavily utilized 
locations, is that PTL service levels go up as a consequence and become more reliable. And so 
that's the biggest capability that we're building. 
It's a non-trivial sort of, you know, it's a very, very difficult problem to solve and one that we're 
starting to see huge benefits of. There are certain investments we're making on the agentic side, 
for example, to improve, you know, performance and document management, which is important 
in PTL. The second is around appointment management and delivery on time. 
These are all pretty new capabilities that we're also experimenting with. The early results are good. 
So, you know, PTL volumes, therefore, I think will improve as service quality gets better. 
Now, just quickly, in terms of new client growth versus existing client growth. See, we've grown 
revenue by whatever, 25% a year. And volume, I think, is whatever, 23% a year or something like 
that. 
Now, that kind of growth only comes when you have very significant growth, both from a new 
client standpoint and from an existing client standpoint. See, the economy is not growing at 23%. 
So obviously our existing client base has not grown, not contributed all of the 23%. 
My sense is share of wallet gain plus, you know, sort of to some extent, you know, organic client 
growth would have contributed a little over half of the total growth that we've seen. And the rest 
of it would have come from new client acquisition. But do anticipate, we anticipate the new client 
acquisition actually is going to accelerate in this quarter and beyond because our sales teams that 
we have been building for the last four or five months are now on the ground, fully trained, you 
know, and we are now in, I think, whatever, about 60 odd locations compared to, you know, maybe 
six big locations that we were in two quarters ago. 
Vijit Jain 
So just to follow up on that capacity management comment with e-commerce. So does that mean 
that you have better predictability into loads that you're going to see, much better than what you 
would have seen before? And that informs what you said about the PTL business? 
Sahil Barua 
It does not improve forecasting. It improves our ability to deal with volatility in forecasts. So just 
to be clear, it does not in any way enable us to forecast what our volumes will look like. 
Long ago, we gave up the ghost of trying to forecast any better. In any case, forecast accuracy in 
all industries is terrible. Logistics is really no different. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
And in fact, if anything, you know, by sheer law of numbers, the problem is the smaller the node, 
the higher the volatility, right? The volatility at a city level is higher than the volatility at a district 
level is sort of higher than the volatility at a state level is higher than the volatility at a national 
level. I can pretty confidently tell you that, you know, we'll do (making this up), whatever, you 
know, 95 million shipments in January. 
But if you ask me to tell you exactly how many shipments I was going to do in sector 44, that 
would be a significantly harder problem. So forecast accuracy obviously is not something that 
improves with this system. What improves is the ability of the systems in real time, which is the 
hard part to understand where our capacities are and to divert loads away or to block loads from 
coming in at bad times. 
So that's sort of what the system is doing. 
Vijit Jain 
Thank you so much. Those are the questions. 
Yash Jain 
Thank you, Vijit. Requesting participants to limit to two questions and rejoin the queue in case of 
follow-ups. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria. 
Gaurav, will you unmute yourself and mention the organization name? 
Gaurav Rateria 
Hi. Am I audible? 
Yash Jain 
Yes, Gaurav, please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Yeah, I have a couple of questions. I'll list them down all. The first is on express parcel. 
Would it be possible to segregate your volume growth into organic, inorganic and within organic, 
how much is because of market growth and how much is because of market share gain? My second 
question is on the bridge for PTL margins from 11% to 16-18% range. 
I know you have been talking about network utilization and incremental gross margins of 30%, 
40%. But if you look at incremental gross margins have now been coming off from very, very high 
levels in FY24 to FY25 and FY25 to nine months of FY26. So just trying to list down the levers 
that will take you there with the network reaching closer towards optimal utilization. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
And the last question is at what Adjusted EBITDA margins you turn into free cash flow from 
operations at the consolidated company level in the medium term? Thank you. 
Sahil Barua 
Thanks, Gaurav. In terms of parcel growth, segregating between organic and inorganic, etc. You 
know, to be perfectly honest, this is something we stopped bothering about in Q3. 
It's safe enough to assume that at this point in time, all of that growth in some senses is organic to 
Delhivery. It is, you know, sure. Did we gain share at the instant that we acquired Ecom Express? 
The answer is yes. But the hard part is in retaining it because, in some senses, inorganic volumes 
acquired can also deplete, which hasn't happened. So, you know, I don't think it's very material to 
think of it as either organic or inorganic. 
I think the significant fact is that our volumes are up 43% a year. Now, has the market grown 43%? 
Certainly not. 
You know, the e-commerce market, I think now there's a listed e-commerce company, plus there 
are other players whose numbers are out there. Best estimates are that e-commerce volume growth, 
you know, GMV growth obviously may have been slightly higher if Flipkart sold more mobile 
phones. But other than that, you know, broadly speaking, volume growth would have been in that 
15-18% kind of range. 
And so when we've grown volumes 43%, 15-18% has come from organic growth in the market. 
You know, all the rest of it has obviously come from share gain. Over a period of time, as long as 
Delhivery continues to grow at sort of 15-18% plus in terms of volumes in e-commerce, it's safe 
to assume that a large portion of that is coming from share of wallet gains. 
And as I mentioned in the previous three questions or two, three questions, whatever it is, the share 
of wallet gains are because fundamentally Delhivery is the highest quality network, which gets to 
18,800 odd pin codes at the lowest possible cost. And more specifically is the most reliable when 
things are spiky and difficult, which in India increasingly is all of the time. So, you know, not very 
instructive. 
And we don't particularly bother about whether, you know, growth is organic or inorganic or 
anything else.  
In terms of the bridge of PTL margins from 11% to 16% will continue to go up as utilization of 
the network goes up. Service centers sort of will fill up, trucks will fill up increasingly and margins 
will continue to go up. 
The second piece, of course, is that we do continue to reprice certain accounts. As we've 
mentioned, since we started the analyst calls in PTL, you review your contracts every year. You 
look at which lanes, which contracts don't make you enough money and sort of renegotiate that 
pricing. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
There's a certain cadence to the renegotiations. You know, some contracts come up once a year. 
Some contracts come up, once a quarter. 
So I think yield will also continue to get better. And by yield getting better, I don't necessarily 
mean that yield will take, you know, the kind of trajectory where it keeps going up. What I mean 
is that it will keep getting more profitable because as we may also, for example, do more reverse 
lanes or we may do more short haul lanes where the yield will optically look lower but will be 
more profitable. 
So we're a long way from the point where, you know, PTL margins will not improve with 
increasing loads. I think that will continue to happen. And you should see that. 
Some of the sort of, you know, the expansion in the margins in Q3 in PTL actually could have 
been even larger. But the reality is that in this quarter, as we'd mentioned, we did carry extra 
infrastructure because it was an e-commerce peak. I'd mentioned this in the call that we'd done at 
the end of Q2, that by virtue of the GST sort of, you know, shock, the e-commerce peak got pushed 
out a little bit. 
But we had built capacity a little earlier than originally planned. So in some senses, PTL margin 
could actually have been slightly higher in this quarter, you know, if it had been timed to 
perfection, which it wasn't. But nothing changes, you know, as we've said in the past, more 
volumes equals more profitability. 
We track the gross margins, you know, and the EBITDA margins at a client level. And that's how 
we make our decisions on pricing.  
In terms of Adjusted EBITDA and when we turn FCF positive, I think, Vivek, do you want to 
come in? 
You'd be best placed to answer this question. 
Vivek Pabari 
Yeah, Gaurav, at about 6% we will be free cash flow breakeven. The math is simple. The CapEx 
will be in the 5% zip code area. 
So maybe 4.5% is what we have said in the steady state. Our working capital is already down to 
15 days. So that would roughly mean that about 1% of working capital increase for the 15 to 20% 
kind of revenue growth rate. 
So that 5 plus 1 is broadly the 6% and at 6% Adjusted EBITDA, we will be free cash flow 
breakeven. That's the pre-tax free cash flow is what I'm referring to. 
Yash Jain 
OK, I think the next question is from the line of Krupa Shankar. Krupa Shankar, could you please 
unmute yourself? 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Krupa Shankar 
Hey, hi. Good evening and thank you for the opportunity. Great set of numbers. So my first 
question would be on the PTL part. Just wanted to get a sense that while I do appreciate that you're 
adding a lot of sales team to drive volume growth, I just wanted to get a sense if you are adding 
any ancillary services in the PTL network, which can further improve the network utilization and 
employment? 
Basically, in CY26, are you looking to add more services to the existing network? And the second 
question would be on the supply chain piece. Now, historically, we have observed that the supply 
chain segment has a cap on the margins. 
And typically, because of the nature of contracts, you are not able to go beyond that threshold. So 
is there any number like what you mentioned on the transportation business of 16-18% service 
EBITDA? Is there such a number for supply chain business as well? 
Sahil Barua 
Sorry, before I answer question number one, when you say that historically you have seen that 
supply chain services contracts have a cap, are you referring to Delhivery or is this experience 
based on some other company? 
Krupa Shankar 
Based on industry. 
Sahil Barua 
Who do you define as the industry? 
Krupa Shankar 
The existing contract logistics companies in the ecosystem, we have typically seen that their 
reported EBITDA margins range between 5-10%. And typically, it is quite difficult to break that 
threshold given the fact that the mix of transportation is also quite high and the contracts are 
negotiated quite stringently. So something on those lines probably was what I was referring to. 
Sahil Barua 
Understood. Well, I think you have a definitional problem. There's a reason we don't call our 
business contract logistics and we call it supply chain services because they're fundamentally 
different. 
We are not a manpower outsourcing vendor where a client comes to us and says, here's a piece of 
land that we have a warehouse on. We'll put our supervisor here and our warehouse management 
system and our racks. You provide us the manpower who does the picking and packing operation 
and we'll pay you 4% for that. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
So we're not in that business. Overall, I know there are other players who are in that business and 
obviously some of them come from legacy operations where they have a parent which required 
that service. So whether it's Mahindra Logistics or TVS or whoever it is, ultimately remember that 
their supply chain services businesses come out of having a captive which provides a large amount 
of business to them and has no incentive to pay them full margins. 
Delhivery does not provide that service in any part to any client. We only take on mandates where 
it is a fundamental supply chain redesign. And in fact, it is now proven and we've shown this to 
our clients that by not doing contract logistics and by allowing us to determine the infrastructure 
and transportation mix requirements that they have for their specific problems, we save them 
money compared to a contract logistics player. 
We service the auto industry including players who, for example, have previously been serviced 
by the 4% margin players that you're talking about and Delhivery has come out cheaper and more 
profitable. So our approach to SCS is going to be no different. I don't know what the cap on SCS 
margins is. 
We have accounts which, for example, deliver 30% plus EBITDA as well. Obviously, our dog 
accounts were things like Quick Commerce where we lost money rather than making any. And we 
occasionally run into clients where service quality is not a priority for them and they're effectively 
looking for a contract logistics solution in the guise of a supply chain services discussion largely 
because they want to seem like they're having a forward-looking discussion while sort of sticking 
to the past. 
But we don't participate in those kinds of RFQs any longer and that's sort of what we've been 
shedding. So is there a cap? No, I don't think so. 
Will margins continue to improve? We're already at 13%. We are nowhere near the full potential 
margins of this business. 
What will they be exactly? I'm not really sure. It depends on how much inefficiency we can strip 
out of various people's supply chains. 
So far the benefits that we have been bringing to our customers are the benefits of scale, obviously. 
There are the inherent benefits of our warehouse management system which allow us to run more 
productive under-the-roof operations. The integration with our transportation network which 
allows us to deliver a faster service and also to take certain advantage of underutilization in some 
parts of our network, specifically with respect to time. 
But outside of that, we haven't even gotten to the more exciting parts of delivering value to 
industry, which is really, for example, cutting inventory holding. Only some of our most long-term 
customers have started engaging in that discussion, which is where we start saving them not just 
operating expenses but also taking inventory off their balance sheets and saying you can run a 
much leaner operation. So we will get there. 
But please don't confuse us with a contract logistics business. It's sort of like apples and oranges.  

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Now, coming back to your question on PTL, are we adding ancillary services to the PTL network? 
I'll just start and maybe my colleague Varun is on the call. Maybe he can step in for a couple of 
minutes. But I think, first of all, just the pure express PTL business. 
One of the things that's happening in the industry is clients want as fast as possible part-truck 
freight delivery services as they can get. There's no customer who says, yes, I'd like slower freight. 
So there's a general move towards express. 
The second is there's a general move towards organized players where, and we've discussed this 
in the past, for a variety of different reasons related to quality, related to the ability to serve pan-
India, the ability to serve on a direct network, and so on. And there are really, strictly speaking, 
only two very large high-quality PTL players in India, which are Safexpress and Delhivery. And 
so in some senses, we don't really need to offer ancillary services to continue to grow or to improve 
network utilization. 
That said, I think I know what direction you're going in, which is are we also going to do non-
express part-truck, which does continue to exist as a service at this point in time. There are certain 
services, for example, like hub-to-hub delivery, which we already do a fairly large amount of, as 
opposed to sort of door-to-door. Are we going to do some of those? 
Maybe Varun is the right person to come in and sort of briefly talk about this. 
Varun Bakshi 
Thanks, Sahil. So, yeah, so a couple of things. So first of all, the additional services could be, as 
Sahil said, it could be hub-to-hub. 
It could actually be, air PTL as well. There is something which goes by air PTL, which do we have 
capability? Yes, to start immediately. 
But will we be starting? Yes, sometime in the near future. Again, yes. 
So that's a short answer. Hub-to-hub, again, we know the industry, we know the customers. Can 
we start? 
We can start almost immediately. But again, there is so much to do with the current setup, with 
the current set of people in the express PTL industry where we are seeing a lot of traction going to 
every customer we approach that we will take this up, but at the right time. So in the near future, 
yes, but probably not. It's not tomorrow morning. 
Krupa Shankar 
Got it. Thanks for answering the questions. 
Yash Jain 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Thank you, Krupa Shankar. The next question is from the line of Aditya Bhartia. Aditya, could 
you please unmute yourself? Hi, Aditya.  
Sahil Barua 
I think, yes, you want to move on to whoever's next? 
Yash Jain 
Yeah, we'll move on to the next participant. The next question is from the line of Alok Deora. 
Alok, could you please unmute yourself? 
Alok Deora 
Yeah, hi. Good evening and congratulations on the really good numbers. So most of the questions 
were answered. 
Just one question I had. If you look at the last three, four quarters, the PTL margin has been in the 
10% to 11% range, even despite the increase in the volumes. So when we were doing around 
450KT, the margins had reached around 11%, and even at 500KT, we are at around that number. 
So just going by the trend, is it like a hurdle to generate incremental margins now, or would it be 
increasingly difficult to generate more margins now? I just wanted some color on that. 
Sahil Barua 
Yeah, that's a good question, Alok. So a quick answer is no, it will not be hard to generate 
incremental margins. I'll take a slightly circuitous route to answer this question. 
One is we look at the EBITDA margins of clients at an account level, and then sort of take 
appropriate either pricing actions or decide what to do from a contracting standpoint. Now, 
therefore, because a larger proportion of our clients increasingly are at gross margins, which will 
eventually lead to a much higher than 11% service EBITDA margin, I'm pretty confident that 
overall EBITDA margins will continue to rise. One of the reasons why margins have been choppy 
in this sort of, let's call it, last year Q4 to this year Q3 kind of period is because of a couple of 
things. 
One is because the express network suddenly sort of exploded with Ecom Express and so on. So 
what's happened is that express capacities have increased in the last two quarters to some extent, 
and as a consequence of that, and also heavies typically increase in Q3. As I'd mentioned on the 
previous question, also the one before that, in Q3 were we not carrying excess infrastructure to 
some extent for the express business, some of which was just timed earlier than it should have 
been as a consequence of sort of GST and sales getting pushed out and so on,  PTL margins 
normatively actually would have been a little higher than the 11% that you're seeing over here. So 
there's no particular reason that I can see for us to worry about whether PTL margins can expand 
past 11%. Of course, there are still some accounts where we need to redo pricing. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
That % obviously today is much smaller than it was when the PTL business was, you know, 
breakeven or loss-making. But there are still a few accounts where we do need to renegotiate and 
we need to sort of expand, you know, pricing. And the other is obviously there continue to still be 
some underutilized lanes that we have across the country. 
So I'll give you just one example because of the way our routing works. You know, one example 
is that loads from Kanpur going back into North India, typically those trucks tend to be emptier 
than trucks going the other way. So, we need to generate more loads coming out of UP as a 
consequence of that, you know, we've expanded teams in UP. 
Our sales team has been significantly expanded. So as that kicks in, you know, you should sort of 
see margins going up. But again, you know, just to top this up, I'm sure Varun will have a 
perspective. 
Varun, do you want to come in for a couple of minutes? 
Varun Bakshi 
Yeah, sure, Sahil. So just to add to this, let's say, let's take an example. Once we set up a sales 
team, let's say in a new retail market, which is slightly off from where we already do pickups, 
where we already do business. 
We need to set up a facility. We need to set up a truck that goes, picks up from there and comes 
back. And when we start on day zero, a new market or a new place, then let's say in a longer run, 
in six months time, we think on a daily basis we'll be picking 20 tons from that place. 
But on day one, we don't get 20 tons. We probably get one ton. We probably get two tons. 
We can't plan a facility for one ton or two tons. We need to think six months forward and plan a 
facility for probably 20 tons or 30 tons to account for that growth. So when you go to new places, 
when you go deeper into the country, you plan for capacities, which are slightly forward in nature, 
rather than just suiting that one ton on that day. 
So as these things get better utilized, again, profitability would go up. I think that was one point 
which I wanted to add. 
Alok Deora 
Thank you so much. Just one follow-up question on PTL only. So, we have seen quite phenomenal 
growth, especially in 3Q. 
Also, we saw pretty robust volumes, which was, I believe, much better than your expectation as 
well. So was it also related to some sort of increase because of the GST rate cut where we saw 
some kind of volume getting shifted from 2Q to 3Q? And now the run rate would kind of stabilize 
at around 17% to 18%. 
That would be my last question. Thanks.  

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Varun Bakshi 
I'll take that Sahil. So, was there some extra tailwind because of the GST action by the government? 
Probably yes. But having said that, I think we'll continue to stick to our guidance wherein in a 
longer run, you can expect a ballpark 20% growth to play out. Now, for a few quarters, it might 
go down to 17%, 18%, 19%. 
For a few quarters, you'll see 21%, 22%, 23%. Last quarter, it was lower because there was a GST 
impact. This quarter, probably we have covered up for that. 
The revenue growth is 25%. So again, it's not going to be linear, but it's ballpark going to average 
out probably at this level in a longer term. 
Alok Deora 
Thank you so much for that answer. Thank you. All the best. 
Sahil Barua 
Thanks. Yash, I think we have Aditya back. 
Yash Jain 
Hi, Aditya, are you... Aditya, go ahead with your question. Yeah, okay. 
Aditya Bhartia 
Am I audible? Yes, you are. Please go ahead. 
Okay, perfect. So, my first question was on corporate overheads, wherein if we look at corporate 
overheads as a % of revenues, they are pretty sticky at around 9%. So with increasing volumes, 
we are also seeing corporate overheads, especially on the wages side, increasing. 
So how should we think about it going forward? That's my first question. My second question is 
that one of your customers who kind of held the conference call yesterday spoke about increasing 
capacity and better utilizing the capacity that they have expanded in the last quarter going forward. 
So in that scenario, how are the conversations that you've been having with them? What is really 
the roadmap? How should we think about that customer scaling up or down in the next year? 
And my last question is, anything that you want to be commenting on the health of your 
competitors? Is there something that looks a little kind of scary? 
Sahil Barua 
You mean for us or for them? 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Aditya Bhartia 
For them. 
Sahil Barua 
Okay, got it. All right. Naman, can you just pull up the slide which has corporate overheads as a 
% of revenue, please? 
Naman Jain 
Sure, Sahil. 
Sahil Barua 
It's a margin slide. Yeah, so you can see it here. I mean, to be perfectly honest, it's come down 
from 11.4% in Q1 FY24 to 9.1% in Q3FY26, which is a fairly significant reduction. So I appreciate 
that you're looking at this YoY and it's 9% last year and 9.1% at this point in time. But I don't think 
business tends to behave in a way where every single quarter you see a unidirectional movement 
of anything. Broadly speaking, corporate overheads have come down from 11.5%. They were 
actually 12% or so in FY 23. We are sitting here in FY26 and we're at 9%, which is a % of revenue, 
you know, in reduction terms, 25% reduction as a % of revenue over a three-year period. And we 
expect that to continue. We have said we expect this to settle in the 6, 6.5%, you know, maybe up 
to in the sort of more short term, 6-7% kind of range. And I see no reason for that to change. One 
of the reasons why the wages are higher, as you can see over here, is obviously because of the 
sales team build-out that we had, you know, which we alluded to in the previous quarter. And 
some of this is also provisioning at this point in time. 
And I think some of this is also, Vivek, just correct me if I'm wrong. Some of this is also because 
of the implementation of the new labor code, right? 
Vivek Pabari 
Yes, the recurring impact has been taken here. 
Sahil Barua 
The recurring impact also has been taken. So I think let's not give it an adjective as sticky just yet. 
You know, maybe if we're at 9% or higher than 9% next year, calling it sticky would be fair.  
Now, coming to our customers expanding capacity, you know, I guess if the question is they had 
underutilized capacity, why did the network fail? You know, I think that question is better directed 
at the people who establish capacity than the people who provide reliable service. But that said, 
you know, again, I've answered this question a couple of different ways on this call already. 
I will repeat it. Putting a couple of people on a bike and having a distribution center does not make 
a logistics company. Buying a sorter does not make a logistics company. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
You know, there is a non-trivial difficulty to building, setting up, and maintaining a large-scale 
logistics company as is evident. It's taken us 15 years, you know, and I don't think you can kind of 
MacGyver your way to a logistics company and say, okay, you know, we had underutilization in 
one quarter and two quarters from now, magically everything's going to be awesome. That's just 
not how things work in this industry. 
Delhivery's competitive position has been established through 15 years of investments in deep 
engineering and technology capabilities, a vast amount of training. You know, a real team size of 
110,000 people, many of whom are not independent contractors who show up on any given day 
and then don't show up for six days. These are ingrained behaviors supported by, you know, very, 
very deep investments in capabilities that are hugely important to deliver cost, service, and 
reliability. 
Now, the only world in which Delhivery loses, there is a world where Delhivery loses, that is if 
somehow tomorrow all of Indian e-commerce becomes, you know, sort of low-quality e-commerce 
where nobody cares about delivery times and nobody cares about, you know, whether the products 
reach them on time or not. But if that is to come to pass, then Delhivery is not going to be the only 
company which has a problem. Failing that, in every other state of the world I don't think you 
should worry about Delhivery's competitive positioning. 
In any given quarter, any customer can change their strategy if they need to. You know, it depends 
on what they think at that point in time is best for them. We appreciate that. 
Our relationship with our customers is always very simple. It's the easiest possible relationship. 
We show up to customers. We say, you spend too much on logistics. We are more reliable. We are 
lower cost. Please use us.  
And in general, outside of, you know, people who make extremely sort of, you know, silly 
decisions, the answer is yes. Now, whether we get a 40% share of wallet to begin with or a 10% 
share of wallet to begin with or a 90% share of wallet to begin with depends on what the client's 
individual strategy is. 
As Delhivery, the steps that we have taken are very simple. We are not dependent on any single 
customer. We do not have a 60%, 70%, 80% client concentration with one or two customers. 
And so in some senses, what they do individually in any quarter is irrelevant to us. So we actually 
don't listen into the earnings calls, you know, unless we need to for any of our clients. It's just not 
germane to what we decide to do. 
To your third question, anything we want to comment about the health of our competitors, you 
know, I don't really, I don't run, you know, our competitors. And so for me to comment would not 
be fair. But I will sort of make a generic statement which I've made in the past and which has borne 
out, you know, three years ago when we went public. 
Now, I said, look, express only models and models which have high client concentration and 
models which are not built the way ours are, which have the wrong network structure, will never 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
achieve network efficiencies, will never have operating leverage and will never be able to generate 
incremental margin no matter how much revenue they grow. Now, you can deliver 40% revenue 
growth, but if you generate nothing in the way of earnings, that revenue growth is meaningless. 
It's sort of empty calories for a business as far as it goes. 
So I guess I would not, like, let me put it this way. If I was running a business which had no 
fundamental underlying network advantages, whose advantages were built largely on having 
people, you know, which is essentially, everybody seems to in India for some reason talk about 
how last mile capacity is very important and how they all have riders at the last mile. That's the 
easiest, you know, problem in the world. 
In India, hiring people with bikes is not a particularly difficult challenge. So would I be nervous if 
I was running those kinds of businesses? 100%. 
I also think capital is increasingly going to become difficult if you're a private company. You 
know, why should you get any more capital? After 10, 15 years of running a business, if at the end 
of the day, you've got nothing to show for it, there's no reason for the business to persist. 
And I think the public markets will also ask tough questions of all logistics companies, including 
Delhivery, like you're doing right now, asking me, you know, how our profitability is going to 
persist and expand and sustain. So I think capital is going to be difficult to come by. I think service 
levels are going to get increasingly difficult to manage because the environment we operate in has 
become more challenging. 
There's more volatility in volumes. The climate is more difficult to deal with. Regulations are 
changing across the country. 
You know, and outside of that, costs are also escalating. You know, we're very glad to hear that 
the Indian government has decided to have a labor code for gig workforce, which places certain 
compliance burdens on everybody in this industry that for the longest time, Delhivery was one of 
the few players bearing it. So I think from here on, the logistics world gets even more complex. 
I think the space for error has shrunk dramatically. I think the private equity strategy of sort of 
saying we don't mind funding the number four player in this space because somebody has got to 
be number four is also going to eventually die. You know, once upon a time, there were 10 telecom 
companies in India and there aren't anymore. 
And I think the same thing's going to play out in logistics. 
Aditya Bhartia 
Sure, that's very helpful. 
Yash Jain 
Thanks, Aditya. The next question is from Ankita Shah. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Ankita, could you please unmute yourself? Ankita? Okay, I think we can move to the next 
participant. 
The next question is from Aditya Mongia. Aditya, could you please unmute yourself? Okay, next 
participant. 
The next question is from Abhishek Banerjee. Abhishek, could you please unmute yourself? 
Sahil Barua 
Yes, I have a feeling I answered most of the questions already. So maybe that's what's happening. 
Yash Jain 
Maybe I'll just take the last participant in the queue before I ask a question from my side. The next 
question is from Achal Lohade. Achal, do you have any questions? 
Okay, I think most of the questions are answered. So I'll just... One question from my side, Sahil. 
Achal is here, okay. Yes, Achal. 
Achal Lohade 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. Sorry, I think you answered quite a bit. Just a couple of 
bookkeeping questions. 
You know, the first is, you know, if I just look at the realization and the EBITDA per shipment for 
express parcel business, you know, we see that with the Ecom Express consolidation, the 
realization and the cost has also come off, right? So I just wanted to check, you know, in terms of 
the yield, as in the realization and the cost per shipment, is the 3Q number the new normal or is 
there a very large seasonality at play? You know, because if I look at the realization, the QOQ as 
well, it has dropped about 5%. 
And so is the cost. So if you could just give us some sense about, you know, the new normal in 
terms of realized yield and the EBITDA per shipment. 
Sahil Barua 
Sure. Do you have any other questions? You want to ask them all? 
Achal Lohade 
Yeah, I do. I do. I do. 
The second is, you know, you did mention a couple of times about the extra cost, you know, in the 
entire network buildup, which impacted PTL margins. Is it possible to quantify? Was that a 40-50 
basis point or was that 100 basis point plus kind of impact? 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
And the third is the corporate overheads. While broadly you had answered, but just a specific, if I 
look at the technology, you know, line, you know, in the corporate overheads, the earlier run rate 
used to be 43-45 crores on a quarterly basis. That has become 59-60 for the last two quarters. 
Is this the new normal or is this largely driven by the consolidation? Yeah, those are my three 
quick questions, please. Thank you. 
Sahil Barua 
Got it. On yield, just very quickly, there is no new normal or old normal. The yield in any given 
quarter is dependent on the mix of volumes that we carry, which is dependent on the client mix, 
which is dependent on the weights of packages that we are hauling, the distances that we are 
hauling them, whether they are COD or prepaid consignments, what their return rate is and what 
category they belong to. 
Now, in the Diwali peak quarter, actually over the last two quarters, obviously since our acquisition 
of Ecom Express, our relative share of small parcels as opposed to heavy parcels has gone up, 
which is why optically it looks like the yield has come down. But again, as I had mentioned, the 
margin % that we expect and effectively, I mean, if you could boil down the return on capital on 
every shipment that we expect, therefore is constant, or rather, let me put it that way, has a 
minimum floor that we have to cross. And so in some senses, the normality that we look for is in 
the margin and not the yield. 
In any given quarter, anything could happen. As an example, let's say, for whatever reason, there's 
a bumper sale of juicer-mixer grinders in this quarter or whatever, some ACs or something, yield 
might go up. But is that going to be a new normal in Express? It's very hard to say. So, you know, 
I can't really answer that question any which way. Yields normally in the peak period, when we 
had not acquired Ecom, would go up in Q3. 
This year, as a consequence of hauling a large, you know, much, much larger volume of small 
parcel, yields actually came down optically. So really nothing very, you know, important to read 
into it. In terms of the extra cost, whether it's, you know, sort of leading to 50 basis point or 100 
basis point increases, etc, you know, unfortunately for me, that's sort of, that's almost, you know, 
a philosophical question because at the end of the day, we're sort of, you know, allocating costs to 
some extent between the parcel and the PTL businesses. 
Now, realistically, what we could have done but didn't do because we follow a consistent 
accounting methodology is to preempt these questions by saying, okay, let's take the express 
margin down to 17.7% and PTL up to 11.9 and make, you know, life easier for ourselves. But 
basis, the consistent, you know, mechanism of cost accounting that we have followed for many 
years, it appears that the PTL margins are about 11%. Now, would the margins, had we not carried 
some of the excess capacity been, 11.5 or 11.7 or 12? 
It's very hard for me to say. Could we break it down? Yes, of course. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
But, you know, you sort of, for me to answer that question on this call would be impossible. You'd 
sort of have to come over to our office and then we'd have to spend a whole day going through all 
kinds of numbers, which I'm happy to do. But, you know, let me just say that it's not a very 
important activity. 
I think what's more important is as our volumes grow, do our margins continue to grow? I think 
somebody's asked that question. That's a good and fair question to ask. 
I think, you know, let's go another one or two quarters and see what happens to margins as loads 
go up. And the last one is on corporate overheads on tech costs. Vivek, do you want to just come 
in quickly over here? 
I think some of this has to do, obviously, with higher volume. 
Vivek Pabari 
Yeah, there is a, given the sharp increase in the network volumes, we have added server capacity. 
So that's playing a role. But the point to note is that from second quarter to third quarter, despite 
the 20% increase in volumes, the cost has actually not gone up. 
The rest of the cost has moved up because we have actually meaningfully stepped up our 
investments related to AI in our network. We are actually, in a very interesting way, deploying 
agentic AI across different components of our network. But that does come at some sort of an 
increase in our tech cost. 
Both of these factors have played a role. 
Sahil Barua 
I've got Aditya's questions, Yash. So let me just take them up. The first question is, what is required 
for the margins in the express parcel business to go towards 20% and beyond pricing? 
What other levers are there to flex? It's a good question. So Aditya, one of them, let me try and 
stack up a couple of them in terms of how we're thinking about this. 
One, obviously, will come from just higher volumes and higher scale. When you look at it, let's 
say we do 95 million shipments a month, call it 3 million shipments or 3.2 million shipments a day 
or something like that. That spread, give or take, across about 4,000-odd distribution centers, which 
is giving you sort of average volume per distribution center of 800 packages, 780 to 800 packages 
per DC per day. 
Now, our DCs theoretically have a capacity to go a little beyond that. They can probably get to 
about 1,100 or so. We used to be in sort of the 550-600 kind of range. Now we're at about 800. We 
can get to about 1,100. So there's a certain amount of goodness that will come from there. 
There's a certain amount of goodness that will come from capacity utilization or sorters, etc. That'll 
add, call it, some amount of margin to this whole thing.  

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
The second is there are places where we do need to consolidate infrastructure. I brought this up in 
the past. For example, we don't run an efficient operation in Pune, and we know it because we 
were locked into two different facilities. We need to move to one. That will bring down our costs. 
We need to reorganize Delhi NCR where we need to get out of the city limits essentially to avoid 
the no-entry problem to essentially reduce our costs at the Delhi Gateway that we have. That'll, I 
think, happen through the years. 
So there are some of these sort of organic infrastructure changes which also should lead to a certain 
amount of goodness. The reason I bring up cities like Delhi and Pune is that these are big centers, 
so they do have a material impact on cost.  
The other interesting one that doesn't get asked a lot because in general our claim rates are very 
low is actually reducing claim rates even more. Our claim rates are whatever, in the range of maybe 
120, 130 basis points. That claim rate is the % of revenue. I think we can go much lower. 
Very often disputes and claims in logistics come out because the customer thought he was going 
to get a pink T-shirt and then he got a black T-shirt and he tried to return it and then the seller said, 
no, no, no, I shipped a pink T-shirt and eventually the logistics company foots the bill. You'll see 
this on the P&Ls of every logistics company. Typical claim rates in the industry can be pretty high. 
Ours are generally quite low to begin with because sort of our data products enable us to keep them 
low, but I think we can get lower. I do think there's probably 30, 40 basis points that we can eke 
out of claims as well. As a consequence, bring down our losses and that goes straight to the margin. 
There are these maybe three, four different steps that inch the margin up from wherever with 18.2, 
18.3% that we're at towards the 20%. The other, of course, is not pricing related per se, but I feel 
like when you look at the heavy market, while we have a large share from the large organized 
marketplaces in some senses, I still feel there's a pretty large market out there that is shipping 
heavy in various sort of unstructured ways and that's a market that I think we need to grow our 
share in. I don't have a number for what our share is, but what I can tell you as an example is when 
I look at our D2C business and the heavy volumes, we've grown, I think, something like 40, 50% 
a year, which is much faster than anywhere else. It's not a pricing change, but it's a step change in 
terms of yield for the network, step change in terms of profitability.  
And then, of course, there's pricing, but on pricing, as I mentioned, dynamic pricing is what we're 
really going to try and shoot for, but outside of the cost side, I'm fairly certain about. I do think we 
can grow the % of our business from D2C heavies and so on. I'm not so sure on pricing that we 
will take any sort of steps in the immediate near term. 
To your next question, is there an opportunity for pricing more specific routes? Yes, there is. There, 
of course, is. 
That's a good question, and that is what I was alluding to when I was talking about dynamic pricing, 
which is not just route-based, but which is one way of doing it, which is utilization indexed pricing, 
but you can also do time indexed pricing and so on. You can do destination indexed pricing. There's 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
a whole bunch of weight indexed pricing that you can do, and we are starting to develop those 
systems. 
Why they are not live as yet is because these systems are fairly complicated to run in almost real 
time, and if you don't do it in real time, then it has no meaning. You sort of have to be able to ping 
back what the price of every single package is going to be. Otherwise, utilizations swing around 
too much. 
So we're in the process of developing that. I think there is an opportunity, and what that will allow 
us to do is to really expose very, very high-quality pricing information to customers at a lane, 
parcel level and eventually increase our margins as well.  
The next question is from Shriram. 
Any thoughts on entering the cold chain market? The short answer is no. I think if you look at 
everything that we do right now, this is sort of what we are capable of doing. 
Cold chain is a step perhaps too far for us, and the second problem, of course, in cold chain is my 
understanding could be dated, but from what I remember, the storage market in cold chain is 
significantly larger than the transportation market. It's not a market where people are looking for 
an optimized solution. So there's very real, there's very, very limited value that we can add to that 
industry right now. 
So no immediate thoughts of entering the cold chain at all. Thanks. Sorry, the last question. 
Oh, sorry. I believe Naman's just pinged me on the side saying Abhishek from ICICI has a question. 
Yash Jain 
Yes. Abhishek, could you please unmute yourself? 
Abhishek Banerjee 
Yeah. Hi. Can you hear me now? 
Sahil Barua 
Yes. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Banerjee 
So, Sahil, first of all, congratulations to the team for hitting the ball out of the park.  
Extremely, extremely, you know, happy to see this kind of performance. A few questions from 
me. So given we are now delivering in margins, right now would be a good time to kind of start 
thinking about what kind of an ROIC profile do we envisage for ourselves at a steady state?  

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Any thoughts about that? 
Sahil Barua 
Sure. Do you have any more questions that you want to just sort of front-load? 
Abhishek Banerjee 
Yes. Yes. So then one more thing is you've spoken about 15 to 20% volume growth for Express 
parcel. 
Now, does that basically assume that insourcing remains at current levels or do you think it can go 
up again? Also, what is now the outlook on the overall integration costs? Also, I saw some of the 
assets that were acquired from Ecom Express, which would help in lowering capex outflow. 
So why are we in the letter guiding that it could go up a little bit from here. So if you could give 
some color around that. 
And finally, any concrete plans on acquiring XpressBees? 
Sahil Barua 
I don't know. Let's leave that one aside for the moment. 
Some of the assets acquired from Ecom Express would help in lowering capex outflow. Just to be 
very clear, as I'd spoken about the Express capex, we do not anticipate it is going to be significant 
at all. 
The Ecom Express sorters will get deployed across our network. In fact, some of them are already 
deployed across our network and some others will also go live over the course of the next couple 
of quarters. So Express capex will not be significant. 
In fact, even for PTL, we don't really anticipate a very large amount of facility capex. There are 
some facilities that we need to relocate. Those will happen. 
But nothing that's sort of wildly out of course for the business. The only reason we've raised our 
capex sort of, and just again to be very, very specific and clear, we have not raised capex guidance 
as a % of revenue. We continue to believe that capex will get down to the levels that we'd spoken 
about. 
We're not saying that we're going to go from, you know, 5% of revenue to 6% of revenue next 
year. That's not going to happen. All that we're saying is that the decline that you might expect to 
see may be sort of a little slower than you might expect otherwise, largely because we might have 
to build out some vehicular capex a little earlier than we would have done otherwise in anticipation 
of higher volumes. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
And that will largely be linked to LNG trucks or tractor trains. That's about it. But there is no sharp 
deviation that you should expect from a capex standpoint at all. 
Capex as a % of revenue is not going to go up. So just be very, very clear about capex. So that's 
one. 
I think I did the best I could with your XpressBees question as well. I think the other question is 
what is the, does the 15 to 20% volume growth call out for Express parcel insourcing stabilizing 
at current levels? Yes. 
So in the sense that, let me put it this way. If insourcing goes up, you know, as you've seen 
insourcing went down in the last two quarters. Now, as we have been saying, that makes sense. 
You know, networks are becoming more complex. They're becoming more difficult to run. They 
do not have cost advantages. 
So continuing to insource, whoever does it doesn't matter. You know, whichever e-commerce 
company does it. I've said this many, many times. 
I'm happy to say it, as many times as needed, is a fool's errand. It's losing money and it adds no 
value. Our view is that even if people continue to insource more and some of the clients cannot 
insource anymore, they've already insourced as much as they could, you know, we'd still be able 
to grow at 15 to 20%. 
As far as Delhivery is concerned, that shouldn't be a problem. And like I said, you know, in cases 
where customers decide to insource more, they are insourcing to a higher cost option. And when 
they're doing that, that's going to show up in their P&Ls and eventually they're going to have to 
account for it. 
You know, that's visible in the P&Ls of companies which have gone public. And in companies 
which are private, that's visible in the filings that they've made to the ROC, you know, as in the 
registrar of companies. So eventually I think you have to direct the questions to them saying, hey, 
why do you lose 2,500 crores a year on logistics when you don't need to? 
So I guess, let me put it this way. Worst case, hopefully we continue to grow at this 15, 17%, which 
is a lower end of the scale. If people continue to make bad decisions on insourcing. 
And if people make good decisions on insourcing and outsource to the largest and highest quality 
and cheapest logistics company in India, our growth should be 20% or higher. And in any case, 
the reality is that competitive intensity in this industry is reducing. The other thing also, I think 
after the Ecom Express acquisition, and I know, you know, one of our competitors has gone public. 
I'm sure the question that everybody's asking them is why does one client make up 70% of your 
revenues? And so everybody at the end of the day also does want to reduce dependence. And that's 
going to create an interesting environment. 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Either way, I think, you know, we have to maintain our course, which we have always maintained. 
So 15-20% seems perfectly okay. You know, to us. 
To your question on the outlook on integration costs? Like I mentioned, you know, we expect them 
to be significantly lower than the 300 crores we'd originally forecast. I think we had 90 crores in 
integration costs last quarter. 
We are at 35 in this quarter. And I think the guidance that Vivek has put out for the next quarter, 
maybe about 25 to 30 crores of residual costs. So net net looks like it'll end up at that sort of 150, 
160 kind of range, which is significantly lower than we'd originally forecast. 
So yeah, you know, that's where we are. In terms of the ROIC profile, Vivek, do you want to take 
that? 
Vivek Pabari 
Sure, Sahil. Abhishek, the short answer, we think our business can generate 25 to 30% kind of 
ROICs.  
First, one important clarification. When I talk about ROICs, I talk about ROICs on our tangible 
assets. This does not include cash or ROU assets. The point on ROU assets is quite important to 
bear because ROU assets is an accounting entry or our long-term leases, we actually do not have 
any capital tied up on our ROU assets. We can exit any of those leases anytime. So for ROICs, 
using ROU assets in the denominator for calculating our ROICs would not be very accurate. 
The 25 to 30% is on our tangible assets. The drivers of that are both the expansion of our 
profitability, as well as improvement of our asset turns and the tightening of our working capital. 
We have always maintained that our business can generate about 16 to 18% kind of service 
EBITDA margin over the next three years. Alongside that, our corporate costs are expected to also 
come down to about 7% kind of levels. So that gives us about 10 to 11% types of overall Adjusted 
EBITDA margins.  
As our capex intensity in the business is coming down and our business scale is increasing, our 
asset turns are also improving. We think we can generate about 3x asset turns in the steady state. 
This coupled with further tightening of our working capital, it's already down to 15 days, will 
likely give us about 33% of revenue as our gross block and about 6-7% as our working capital. So 
about 40% of revenue as capital employed in our business. 
That with a 10 to 11% type of Adjusted EBITDA margin gives us about 25 to 30% kind of ROIC.  
So those are the levers which we are solving for. We are fairly confident that we can achieve these 
levers. 
But again, emphasizing that this 25 to 30% is on our tangible assets. It excludes cash and it 
excludes ROU assets. 
Abhishek Banerjee 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
All right. Super. Thank you so much, Vivek. 
Yash Jain 
Thanks, Sahil and Vivek. I'll squeeze in one last question from my end. On international business, 
how will the economics and operations work here and how should we think about the scalability 
and profitability in this business? 
Sahil Barua 
This is profitable from day one. We've already been carrying packages in December. All of the 
packages that we've carried are profitable. 
So this, as I'd mentioned earlier, there's no, you know, capital earmarked towards investing in this 
business. It's an add on sort of to what we were already doing, you know, in terms of express air 
parcel. So in express air parcel, we have a partnership with FedEx and with Aramex. 
In the economy product, we have stitched together a network which includes carriers. So for 
example, we fly Air India. And then we also, and then we inject into the US and then hand off to 
partners in the US. 
It's a sort of, it's a light technology integration as opposed to sort of a formal partnership, like what 
we have with FedEx or UPS. And the rates that we have for each of these legs are added to 
Delhivery’s cost and Delhivery’s margin expectations, and then presented to clients. And it's 
obviously, it's still a compelling proposition  
The reason it's a compelling proposition, obviously one is the reach of Delhivery’s network in 
India. So let's say you're an SME who wants to export out of Moradabad, you know, Delhivery 
has the best service from Moradabad to Delhi. And so as a consequence, your goods are hitting 
the airport, you know, earlier than they would with any other network. 
And obviously from an integration standpoint, you get a single airway bill you can track. Well, 
you know, there's a bunch of features that are still under development as well because cross-border 
shipping is a complex process and it's sort of a nerve wracking process for SMEs. And so, you 
know, our tools will help you with that process. 
And that's how we end up gaining share. So it will be profitable from day one. It will not require 
any further capital investments. 
It's a process of just stitching together a bunch of networks around the world. 
Yash Jain 
Got it. Thanks. We take that as the last question. 
Participants, in case of any questions, please reach out to the IR team. Sahil, any closing remarks 
from your end? 

Delhivery Ltd. 
Q3FY26 Earnings Call 
January 31, 2026 
 
Sahil Barua 
You know, first of all, just thank you, Yash. Thank you Ambit for hosting us this evening. Thank 
you to all of you who've joined and, you know, stayed with us all the way through. 
There were about 180-odd participants. I know it's 7.30 in India on a Saturday. So I really 
appreciate you staying with us. 
I think, broad summary, it's a very satisfactory quarter. I think what you're seeing over the last 
couple of quarters is really the culmination of, you know, steps that have been taken over many, 
many years. You know, there have been times when obviously there have been questions about 
Delhivery's long-term strategy and what we're sticking to. 
I will reiterate that our strategy is to be the lowest cost, highest reliability, highest quality logistics 
company with the widest range of services across the widest network in India. And as long as we 
continue to do that, I think Delhivery's competitive positioning is secure, irrespective of what 
happens to the market in the short term or the medium term. And that's sort of what you're seeing 
play out. 
We will continue to invest in these areas. We will continue to invest in reducing the cost of 
logistics. We will continue to invest in improving service quality and, you know, maintaining and 
recruiting a high-quality team. 
You know, that's the cornerstone of what we do. And, you know, hopefully like you've seen in the 
last couple of quarters, you'll see this continue to play out. So a very satisfactory quarter. 
  
I think it sets us up well for Q4, but more importantly for FY27. And, you know, look forward to 
seeing you all at our next earnings call. So, thank you very much. 
Yash Jain 
Thanks, Sahil. Thanks, everyone. All of you may log off now. 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or other 
inconsistencies that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
