       
                     
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
 
Corporate Office: L&T Technology Centre, Tower 1, Gate No. 5, Saki Vihar Road, Powai, Mumbai - 400072, India  
T: + 22 6776 6776 F: + 22 4313 0997 
 
Registered Office: L&T House, Ballard Estate, Mumbai – 400 001, INDIA  
www.ltimindtree.com | Email: Info@ltimindree.com | CIN: L72900MH1996PLC104693 
LTIMindtree Limited is a subsidiary of Larsen & Toubro Limited 
LTIM/SE/STAT/2025-26/92 
 
 
 
 
 
                   January 23, 2026 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: LTIM 
The BSE Limited,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 540005 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call held on January 19, 2026 
 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on January 19, 2026.  
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For LTIMindtree Limited 
 
 
 
Angna Arora 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
Angna 
Anish Arora
Digitally signed by 
Angna Anish Arora 
Date: 2026.01.23 
13:30:29 +05'30'

Page 1 of 29 
 
 
 
  
Q3 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 19, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
 Mr. Venu Lambu - Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
  Mr. Vipul Chandra- Chief Financial Officer 
  Mr. Vikas Jadhav - Head, Investor Relations 
 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 29 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the LTIMindtree Limited 
Q3 FY2026 earnings call.  
 
Please note all participants are currently in listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity to ask questions following the conclusion of the 
management's opening remarks. Please note that this call is being 
recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikas Jadhav, Head, Investor 
Relations at LTIMindtree. Over to you, sir. 
Vikas Jadhav: 
Thanks, Inba. Good day everyone and welcome to LTIMindtree Q3 FY2026 
earnings conference call.  
 
Today we have with us on the call  
 
Mr. Venu Lambu, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director and  
 
Mr. Vipul Chandra, Chief Financial Officer.  
 
We will begin with a brief overview of the company's Q3 FY2026 
performance, after which we will open the floor for questions and answers.  
 
During the call, we could make forward-looking statements. These 
statements consider the environment, as we see today, and carry risk and 
uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from 
those expressed in today's call. We do not undertake to update any 
forward-looking statements made on this call.  
 
I turn the call over to Mr. Venu for his opening remarks. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you Vikas. Hello everyone and wishing you and your families a Happy 
New Year. Thank you for joining us.  

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 29 
 
In FY2026, we accelerated our journey towards becoming an AI-ready 
organization, shaped by our BlueVerse™ ecosystem, sales transformation 
program, a sharper focus on large deals, and redefined partnership. 
Together, these initiatives have yielded tangible outcomes, strengthening 
our ability to deliver new edge capabilities at scale, consistently  win in the 
market, and create greater value for our clients.  
 
The progress we have made across these initiatives is reflected in our 
strong Q3 FY2026.  
 
We reported revenues of USD 1.21 billion, reflecting a sequential growth of 
2.4% in USD terms and similar growth in constant currency. Operational 
EBIT margins expanded by 20 basis points from 15.9% in Q2 to 16.1% in Q3. 
PAT grew 29% year-on-year before adjusting for the labor code impact.  
 
Our order inflow stood at USD 1.7 billion, up 6.4% quarter-on-quarter.  
                                        This quarter, we continued to win significant deals. Let me highlight a few. 
 
We have been selected as a strategic partner by a leading U .S. insurance 
and financial services company for a multi-year engagement covering 
application management, infrastructure operations, and end-user services 
driven by an AI-led delivery model. This is a USD 155 million total contract 
value for a five-year term.  
 
We have been selected by a leading manufacturer to consolidate its 
technology landscape with a multi-year agreement that spans applications, 
cloud, infrastructure, cybersecurity, data, and AI services.  
 
We have been selected by a global financial institution to deliver end-to-
end technology and consulting services across all lines of business, 
positioning us as one of their five major service partners. 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 29 
 
We have partnered with a global technology company to deploy AI 
solutions that enable a safe and  secure customer experience across one of 
the world's largest planet-scale app ecosystems.  
 
We have been chosen by two clients - a global manufacturer and a 
multinational imaging company to deploy our BlueVerse™ platform as a 
foundation for AI agents to enhance efficiency across their business 
operations.  
 
We have been selected as a transformation partner by a UK headquartered 
food and beverage company, leveraging our AI capabilities to simplify 
infrastructure and application complexities, manage operational risks and 
drive business efficiencies.  
 
We have been selected by a global AI leader to deploy AI agents for its 
learning and development platform.  
 
Together, these deals demonstrate our ability to combine innovation, 
scalable delivery, and deep domain expertise to drive long-term value for 
our clients. 
 
Let me now share updates on our vertical and geography performance in 
USD terms. In a seasonally weak quarter, typically impacted by furloughs 
and holidays, our sequential performance was as follows.  
 
Consumer Business experienced a growth of 1.2%. 
 
BFSI declined by 0.7%.  
 
Manufacturing and Resources reported a growth of 9.4%.  
 
Tech, Media, and Communication was flat.  
 
Healthcare, License, and public services grew at 9.9%.  

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 29 
                                        From a geography perspective, the Americas grew by 0.4%, Europe by 3.4%, 
and the Rest of the world by 14.1% sequentially.  
 
At the end of Q3, the total  headcount stood at 87,958, with net additions 
of 1,511 including 1,736 freshers, reinforcing our commitment to building 
future-ready talent at scale. 
 
We continue to be recognized by the industry leaders and partners. This 
quarter, we received several recognitions: 
                                        We have been recognized as a leader and star performer in Everest Group's 
Banking IT Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025.  
                                        We have been recognized as an Innovator in Avasant's Generative AI 
Services 2025 RadarView™.  
                                        We received two partner awards at AWS re:Invent 2025: Application 
Modernization Consulting Partner of the Year (Global) and Industry Partner 
of the Year, Travel and Hospitality.  
 
We have been accredited as a Microsoft Fabric and a Real-Time Intelligence 
SI Partner, which further strengthens our AI capabilities.  
                                       We have been recognized as one of the Financial Times’ Best Employers in 
Asia-Pacific 2026, reflecting our dedication to a forward-thinking and 
inclusive workplace where employees excel.  
                                        We won the Golden Peacock Award for Risk Management 2025, 
highlighting our commitment to strong governance and risk management 
practices.  
 
Please refer to our fact sheet for a complete list of our recognitions. 
 
Let me now take you through some key business updates.  

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 29 
 
In parallel to driving growth for the year, we have been focusing on defining 
our way forward strategy as part of our group's Lakshya 2031 initiative, the 
details of which will be shared at the next available opportunity.  
 
Our industry is at an inflection point - marked by significant reimagination 
of capabilities, redefined operating models, the convergence of technology 
and domain expertise, and most importantly, evolving client expectations - 
all unfolding at a relentless pace.  
                                        We are reimagining our service lines with clear focus on AI Ops and 
integrated transformation capabilities. This reimagination is centered on 
connecting discrete capabilities to modernize and scale data and systems 
while accelerating AI adoption in the enterprise agentic era. In parallel, 
through our business AI services, we are unlocking new productivity 
paradigms across business operations by combining our BlueVerse™ 
ecosystem with deep domain expertise. This will be championed by 
repositioning our brand from being a technology-only partner to a business 
creativity partner for our clients.  
 
From an execution standpoint, our Fit4Future has delivered on its stated 
objectives over the past three quarters. As we move into FY2027 and look 
beyond, we remain committed to addressing the next phase of our growth 
and cost agendas. To this end, we are launching New Horizons, a 
comprehensive enterprise-wide program to drive our transformation 
agenda over the medium to long term.  
 
This quarter, we made a significant progress across AI-driven solutions, 
transformation, partnerships, and talent development. Here are some of 
the key ones that I would like to talk about.  
 
 
We launched BlueVerse™ with Organizational general intelligence - a next-
generation agentic IT service management platform, designed to 
autonomously manage and resolve complex IT operations.  

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 29 
 
We are building AI factories by industry and at scale, creating BlueVerse™ 
industry blueprints to help our customers adopt agentic AI at speed, 
supported by our RightAction™  governance framework.  
                                         We have been selected by a top North American real estate firm to 
redesign their workflow and deploy GenAI agents for unstructured tasks 
managed through a single interface. This approach will speed up deal 
processing, minimize manual work, and enable their agents to focus more 
on valuable client interactions.  
 
We have partnered with a diversified industrial technology enterprise to 
enable critical data elements extraction and digitization from their existing 
contracts.  
                                         We have been selected by a U.S. onshore oil and gas producer to deploy 
an AI system with multiple autonomous agents for automating its field 
operations. 
                                         We launched Agentic AI SDLC solutions and industry-specific solutions for 
our TTH vertical on the AWS Agentic Marketplace. 
 
We have been extending the capabilities of our BlueVerse™ Craft Studio to 
enhance the creator ecosystem through AI technologies. As a part of this 
effort, we partnered with the International Film Festival of India to define 
a new era of AI-led storytelling in cinema.  
 
We secured an important patent for BlueVerse™ Knowledge Fabric, 
enabling faster software delivery, improved SDLC efficiency, and smarter 
collaborative insights.  
                                          We announced a partnership with Armada.ai to accelerate the adoption 
of Edge AI for industry-sovereign and federated learning.  

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 29 
 
We launched EdgeXcelerate an integrated offerings that drives edge 
transformation by seamlessly connecting IT, OT, and ET, while 
standardizing the design, deployment, and operations of edge 
environments. 
 
We launched TransisTOR, an automation engine, enabling enterprises to 
migrate KPIs, models, and pipelines to Oracle AI Data Platform to unlock 
value and amplify outcomes through a network of AI agents.  
 
We launched our MediaCube offering, an integrated AI-driven media and 
marketing platform that helps enterprises plan, monitor, and optimize 
media across channels.  
 
Our people remain at the heart of our strategy and performance. We 
continue to invest in attracting, retaining, and upskilling talent in line with 
evolving client demand and our long-term business priorities. Building on 
this commitment:  
                                         We strengthened AI-focused learning journeys across the organization, 
with more than 50% of our employees achieving intermediate or advanced 
AI skills.  
 
In parallel, recognizing that industry domain expertise is critical to our tech 
domain convergence strategy, over 70% of workforce has now been 
covered under Tech + Domain skilling across various competency levels.  
 
In summary, our AI strategy, grounded in AI inclusion and AI-native pivots - 
continues to drive transformational outcomes and strengthen our 
positioning as a business creativity partner in building agentic enterprises. 
With that, I will hand over to Vipul for financial updates. 
Vipul Chandra: 
Thanks, Venu. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. Firstly, I 
would like to wish everyone a Happy New Year.  

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 29 
                                         Let me now walk you through the financial highlights for the third quarter 
of FY2026 starting with our revenue performance. 
 
Our Q3 revenue stood at USD 1,208 million, reflecting a growth of 2.4% 
quarter-on-quarter and 6.1% year-on-year in dollar terms. The 
corresponding constant currency growth was 2.4% quarter-on-quarter and 
5.2% year-on-year. The revenue in INR stood at 10,781 crores, which is a 
growth of 3.7% quarter-on-quarter and 11.6% year-on-year.  
 
Our Q3 operating EBIT margin expanded by 20 basis points sequentially to 
16.1%. This increase was primarily driven by our Margin Improvement 
Program as part of the Fit4Future initiative and by a positive forex tailwind 
during the quarter. These gains were partly offset by lower workdays and 
furloughs.  
 
The margins had a one-time impact on account of change in the labor code 
amounting to Rs.590 crores or USD 66 million. 
 
Adjusted profit after tax for the quarter stood at Rs.1,401 crores as 
compared to Rs.1,381 crores in the previous quarter registering a growth 
of 1.5% quarter-on-quarter and 29% on a year-on-year basis.  
 
The PAT after taking the above impact of the Labor Code stood at Rs.959 
crores.  
 
The effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.5%, unchanged from Q2.  
                                        Basic EPS given the one-time impact was Rs.32.8 for the quarter as 
compared to Rs.47.3 in Q2 FY2026.  
 
Our total DSO for Q3 stood at 85 days versus 82 days last quarter.  
                                        The operating cash flow (OCF) to PAT ratio was 129.9%, up from 85.6% in 
Q2. Free cash flow to PAT ratio stood at 112.8%, compared to 72.4% in Q2.  

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 29 
                                        Cash and investment balances stood at around USD 1.62 billion or 
Rs.14,558 crores compared to Rs.14,000 crores in Q2 FY2026. 
 
Return on capital employed for the quarter was 29% against 27.5% last 
quarter.  
                                        As of December 31, 2025, our cash flow hedges stood at USD 3.97 billion, 
and hedges on the balance sheet were USD 407 million.  
 
Our utilization, excluding trainees, declined to 86.9% in the quarter, 
compared to 88.1% in Q2. For the quarter, our trailing 12-month attrition 
decreased to 13.8%, from 14.2% in Q2.  
 
On the ESG front, we achieved an exceptional FTSE Russell score of 4.6 out 
of 5, which is far above the industry average and one of the most trusted 
ESG benchmarks used by global investors.  
                                        In addition, with a score of 71 out of 100, we secured a top EcoVadis ranking 
placing us in the top 8% of the companies globally in our sector. We 
achieved recognition in the top 1% globally for the environment theme, as 
well as ranking within the top 3% for both social sustainable supply chain 
themes and governance themes.  
 
As a step towards building a sustainable ecosystem, I am pleased to 
highlight that our Pune, Shivajinagar, Bangalore Global City Phase 1, and 
Chennai Innovation Campus Tower-1 have received LEED Platinum 
certification from USGBC, making them part of a select group of sustainable 
and innovative LEED-Certified buildings.  
 
I now hand it back to Venu for the business outlook. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you, Vipul. As we look ahead, we expect the growth momentum 
delivered over the last three quarters to continue through the balance of 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 29 
the year. This confidence is supported by our execution discipline, 
improved deal momentum, and the traction we are seeing across our AI-
led offerings.  
                                        In parallel, we are preparing for the next phase of our growth journey in 
FY2027 and beyond. This will be anchored in a strategic repositioning of the 
brand, sharpening our ability to compete more effectively in the 
marketplace, and deliver  tangible outcomes for our clients.  
 
With that, I would like to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may 
click on the raise hand icon from the participant tab on your screen. We 
also request participants to restrict to two questions and then return to the 
queue for more questions. To rejoin the queue, you may click raise hand 
icon again. We will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
Thanks for taking my question. And congrats on a solid performance in a 
seasonally weak quarter. So I had a couple of questions. One is, we have 
seen very strong growth momentum over the past three quarters. And as 
you had mentioned that, you expect that to continue. I think last quarter, 
we had mentioned that at some point of time, we would hope to touch 
double-digit YoY growth rate in this year. So with the current numbers, do 
you think we're still targeting for that in Q4? And the second question on 
the growth part is our top five client bucket declined this quarter as well 
after the last quarter. So any color on that as to what exactly is driving that? 
And when do you think this decline in the top five clients could actually 
bottom out? And then I will have one follow up for Vipul. 
Venu Lambu: 
Vibhor, thank you. Happy New Year to you. Firstly, on the first question, 
look, we delivered 6.1% year-on-year growth this quarter. That means we 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 29 
are getting better with every quarter on a year-on-year growth terms. So, 
the plan that we have to coming closer to double digit, that has not changed 
that is still the plan. And I do feel that we are within the reaching distance. 
So, there is nothing extra that I can add, except to tell you that, we want to 
deliver to that nearer double digit, as we go into the Q4. With regard to the 
top five customers decline, Look, I think if you recall last time Vibhor, I had 
spoken about the productivity journey of our customers, right? So every 
customer goes through its productivity journey because nobody is sitting 
quiet when it comes to what can be done on AI or the existing book of 
business. And that is what we are helping customers, proactively in going 
through that journey. And if you look at the top five, they are really material 
accounts with a sizable revenue. So unless all the five clients complete their 
journey, we will have to live through this short-term decline in that bucket. 
But what is most important is that, are we balancing our portfolio? The 
answer is yes. Are we growing as a company? Yes, we are growing. Are we 
continuing to commit that we will continue to grow? Yes. Right. So hence, 
I would not read too much into it. It is a phase and we have to go through 
it. But the good news is that I do feel that in the top five client, probably, 
just about one client that is left now, that needs to pass through that phase 
and, that may take more time than the remaining, the remaining four 
accounts, which seems to have already transitioned reasonably on the 
journey. And next quarter, I expect the, one out of that five account will 
eventually bottom out. And then out of that bucket’s decline approach. But 
to be honest, I am not unduly worried about it. It is a journey we had to go 
through. We know what we are doing in that bracket. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Sure, great to hear that, Venu. Just one, my follow-up question for Vipul. 
So, sir, I think margins are very strong performance in this quarter. Just two 
things on that part. Have we decided as to when are we going to give the 
wage hike for this year? If there is some color on that. And secondly, 
beyond the margins that we have reported in this quarter, do you think 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 29 
there is still a lot of juice left in the Fit4Future program? And margins from 
here can probably be expanded with the operation efficiency that you are 
planning to do? 
Vipul Chandra: 
Sure, Vibhor. So in terms of the wage hike timeline, I think in the last 
quarter itself, we had spoken about it and we had said that we will be 
starting the wage hikes from Q4. But instead of doing it in one go, we will 
be probably spreading it out over a couple of quarters. So that plan remains 
intact. And we will be taking up wage hike for about 50% of our population 
in Q4. As to the second question, whether there is still juice left in 
Fit4Future, I think the answer to that is that cost, discipline, and margin 
improvement initiatives are a constant initiative that has to be there in the 
company. And to that extent, that is the journey that we will continue to 
drive on.  Now whether there is a juice left in Fit4Future, I think the answer 
to that is that we are looking at sunsetting the Fit4Future program and 
replacing it with a more balanced transformative program called “New 
Horizons”, which focuses in equal measure on growth as well as cost 
discipline. So in a nutshell, we believe that there is still more juice left in 
terms of driving the cost efficiencies. And as we go through our journey in 
the next year, this effort will continue and we will continue to improve our 
margins on operational front. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it, Thank you, sir. Thank you so much for taking my questions and wish 
you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We now invite our next participant, Mrs. Sulabh Govila from 
Morgan Stanley. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Yeah, thanks for taking my question. My first question is on the deal wins. 
So, Venu just wanted to check on the construct of the deal wins that we 
have had over the last few quarters. So, just wanted some color around 
how has the mix of renewals versus the new deal wins been in the last three 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 29 
quarters versus the last year. And any change in the tenure that you would 
have seen during this time frame? 
Venu Lambu: 
Yeah, thank you, Sulabh. Look, I think the deal mix is traditionally, if you 
had looked at a couple of years back, the renewals would , probably have 
come with a little bit of an incremental scope. But I think the clients are 
looking at renewal as an inflection point where they want to reimagine 
their partner ecosystem or they want to reimagine their vendor ecosystem. 
So for us, renewal is not just a transactional renewal. Now it has become 
very strategic because it leads to taking over the wallet share of other 
companies in that particular account. And you see that in the pattern of the 
large deal that we announced, most of them are actually taking the wallet 
share of other competitors . Except, yeah, most of them actually. There is 
nothing exceptional except anything we announce in the public sector part, 
it is different. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Venu sir, we could not hear you in the last few seconds. 
Could you please repeat? 
Venu Lambu: 
Okay. Thank you, Sulabh. You got it or do you want me to repeat the mix of 
the deal part? 
Sulabh Govila: 
No, I understood you mentioned that you have been winning the wallet 
share in the deals that have been panning out. Yes. 
Venu Lambu: 
And with regard to the tenure, there is no change. Pretty much look at an 
average of three to five years contract cycle. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Okay, understood. And the second bit is that in the last few quarters, the 
run rate of growth that we have seen, which is, let’s say, in the range of 2.0 
% to 2.5%. So if you were to think about delivering something similar going 
forward, do you think that you need to inch up the deal win TCV run rate 
that we have been winning? or even these levels you would be comfortable 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 29 
to deliver that run rate given that there is some improving ramp up on the 
deals which is timely happening and leakage has been lower, so any color 
around that would be very helpful. 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes absolutely Sulabh if you look at it from an FY2027 point of view 
obviously we will grow from whatever is our exit run rate based on Q4 so 
that essentially means that to deliver an industry-leading growth, that’s 
isour aspiration. We have to up our order booking. I think we are pretty 
much getting there. The most important thing of increasing the size is first 
to achieve consistency in the deal closures. And if you look at the last three 
quarters, even as recent as last week, we announced large deals. So, 
increasing the order booking, I think it will be a natural course that will 
happen as we get into FY2027. And to some extent, if it gets aided by the 
market condition, it only helps that much. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Understood, sir. Thanks for taking my question and all the best for the 
coming year. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Manik Taneja from Axis Capital.  
Manik Taneja: 
Yes. So just wanted to get your thoughts around the ramp up plans for 
some of the large deals that we have won over the course of last couple of 
quarters, both across media and entertainment and possibly some of the 
India-driven deals, and if you could help us understand how much of that 
growth in the current quarter was probably supported by the India driven 
deals. 
Venu Lambu: 
Yeah. Hi, Manik. Look, India deal, we just announced it a couple of days 
back. So,  I’m assuming you are looking at it as the PAN deal which we 
announced in the previous quarter. If the question is related to that, yes. 
The ramp up of PAN deal is reflected in our rest of the world geography. 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 29 
And the same thing, the orders that we closed in Q1 and Q2, depending on 
the transition duration, some customers have a longer duration. The client 
that we announced in the second quarter later part, one of our large deal 
has a longer time that will go on till Q4 and before it gets into the steady 
state. So, in summary, does this include the deal’s ramp up? Yes, it does 
include. But does it include the full ramp-up to the scale? No, it does not 
include yet. 
Manik Taneja: 
And the second question was with regards to a segmental margin 
performance. If you could talk about what is driving the improvement in 
margins within the financial services vertical at a segmental level and also 
talk about how should we be thinking about margins in the high-tech 
vertical where margins have come off through the course of this year? 
Vipul Chandra: 
Sure. So in terms of the margin improvement in the BFS vertical, it is on 
account of our continuing efforts under the Fit4Future program and our 
infusion of freshers into the accounts. So pyramid improvement, rate 
realization, all of these things have played a role, as well as to some extent 
foreign exchange benefits. So it is a few things put together. Sorry, what 
was the second part of your question? 
Manik Taneja: 
Similar question around the high-tech vertical, wherein we have seen 
margins come off through the course of this year. 
Vipul Chandra: 
So in the high-tech vertical, I think we have spoken about it in the previous 
quarters also that some of the clients had embarked on their productivity 
journey in high-tech earlier than other clients, as Venu also mentioned in 
the context of the top five clients. Now, the good thing is that in this 
quarter, if you look at it, the revenue growth has stabilized and even on the 
margin front, the efforts are continuing in the same direction as in BFS in 
terms of improving the pyramid, improving the rate realizations, and also 
cutting the overheads wherever it is possible. I think overall, if you look at 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 29 
it, our Fit4Future program has delivered an almost 230 basis points 
improvement over the last nine months which is significant. So I think the 
efforts are continuing and segment by segment there could be some 
peculiarities in different segments and different accounts can be at 
different stages of their productivity journey. So what we are focusing on 
is more in terms of balancing out the portfolio and making sure that at 
company level overall we continue to improve our margins. 
Manik Taneja: 
And the last one for my end, while you have spoken about splitting wage 
hikes across two quarters, if you could talk about how should we be 
thinking about the impact of wage hikes through the course of next couple 
of quarters? And do you think you still have some operational levers to 
negate some of that impact through the course of these quarters? 
Vipul Chandra: 
So if you look at a wage hike alone per se, the impact could be up to 1% in 
each quarter, Q4 and Q1. Coming to the point about whether we will be 
able to pick up some of that impact by way of other operational efficiencies, 
yes that will be the endeavor. And we are going to continue to work on our 
New Horizons program to help us do that. Having said that, I think we do 
need to be mindful of the fact that next quarter, again, we have lesser 
working days than Q3. And also, in terms of the productivity journey, which 
Venu talked about, those impacts will also have to play out fully. So we will 
see how it happens. But suffice it to say that we are confident that we will 
be able to close the year at better EBIT margins than the previous year. 
Manik Taneja: 
Great. Thank you and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take our next question from Surendra Goyal of Citi.  
Surendra Goyal: 
Yes. So a couple of questions for Vipul. Firstly, could you share the pass-
through revenues for the quarter, if any? And secondly, as SG&A as a 
percentage of revenue is down almost 100 basis points sequentially, 150 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 29 
basis points YoY, is there anything to call out here, or is this a more 
sustainable level going forward? 
Vipul Chandra: 
So to answer the first question, I do not think we call out the pass-through 
revenue in exact number terms. Suffice it to say that it is similar to the 
seasonal impact that we see every year in this quarter. And some amount 
of movement up or down can happen, but more or less similar to the 
previous years. On the SG&A front, it is a combination of what I said earlier 
about the Fit4Future program driving some of the efficiencies, as well as 
some one-off reversals that we had in this quarter. So to answer your 
question about a potential level of SG&A to think about, our attempt will 
be to kind of keep it in the region of around 11 to 11.5 or 11.6% kind of a 
range. Does that answer the question? 
Surendra Goyal: 
Yes, thanks. Just a follow up. Could you quantify the reversals in this 
quarter? 
Vipul Chandra: 
Again, that is not the kind of detail that we get into. Yes, it is not that 
material but it is something which has given us a one-off benefit in this 
quarter to some extent, apart from the Fit4Future led productivity benefits. 
So I have also given you the range on a long-term basis. So that should, in 
a way, give you the answer. 
Surendra Goyal: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Ravi Menon of Macquarie.  
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a good quarter. I want to 
talk about this healthcare public services segment margin improvement. So 
this quarter, you said that this includes the PAN contract that started 
ramping up. So can we assume that since we have seen margin 
improvement that this contract is at least not margin dilutive and it is kind 
of a normal margin contract, even though it is Government of India? 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 29 
Vipul Chandra: 
So I think again, in healthcare and life sciences and public sector domain, 
these are verticals which are very highly driven by the project life cycles 
that they are going through. So it is a bit of a cyclical impact for India and 
the project impact which keeps playing out. Overall, anyway, what I have 
said earlier about the Fit4Future program driving the productivity 
improvement has an impact on this segment as well. 
Ravi Menon: 
And secondly, your top five customers, there has been a slight decline, but 
saw that in your deal wins, there was an announcement that you are now 
one of the five major service partners for a global financial institution. So 
can we say that we should not worry about any vendor consolidation deals, 
at least with your major financial services client? 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes., that is a fair assessment. There is no risk of our business being part of 
the vendor consolidation. If not anything, I am looking at this as an 
opportunity to grab the wallet share of a lot of other tail vendors that exist 
in an account. As I said, the top five most of them have passed through the 
productivity journey except one, which will bottom out in Q4 and then I am 
really hopeful for a very growth-oriented top-five story. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks so much. Best of luck. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Sandeep Shah of Equirus Securities.. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes, and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, you may have answered this in the 
previous question, but is it fair to assume the top client in high tech and top 
client in BFSI - We have not lost any wallet share and unlikely to lose wallet 
share because of the vendor consolidation. 
Venu Lambu: 
Look, I think the top client in the high-tech sector went through that 
productivity journey same time last year, and we were done with it. So we 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 29 
have grown sequentially in that client, in the top tech account. We have 
actually grown sequentially. So for me, with regard to the tech top account, 
it is a story that got over when we told in Q1 that our productivity phase is 
done and it is sort of there. With regard to the financial services, I think as 
I mentioned, I think Q4 is where the overall BFS will sort of bottom out and 
then we have a plan on getting into a much accelerated trajectory. But the 
good news is that for some of the big global banks in BFS, we are the prime 
supplier, right? I mean, our positioning has got elevated differently this 
year, where not just the top BFS client, but all the top five, top seven global 
banks, we are the prime supplier. So while we navigate the short-term 
productivity headwinds, long-term, we are fairly optimistic about the 
future of the business. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay and sir do you believe the trend of productivity gains which you 
highlighted in a set of top five clients may extend beyond top five maybe in 
the coming quarters or coming years maybe for top 20? 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes sure okay I will add it. Vipul, please add to it right. Look I think the top 
20 is a slightly broader base right so I am hoping that with puts and takes 
the top 20 should be in the positive trajectory. It is not fair to say that every 
accounting top 20, top 40 has gone through their phase. It is a first year of 
a productivity journey, as I call it. But I am more hopeful of that category of 
accounts actually with puts and takes to continue to deliver growth, 
because we have a good pipeline as well. 
Vipul Chandra: 
I was just adding to this point in the following way that in the last quarter, 
we had spoken about this journey playing out at different points in time for 
different clients. And overall, to say that all the clients have gone through 
the journey will probably take a bit longer. But as Venu rightly said that 
impact is more felt in the top five clients. The top 20 is a much wider bucket. 
And there wherever people have gone through the journey earlier, we 
would have started growing a little bit more wherever somebody goes 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 29 
through the journey now, it will have a bit of a negative, but overall, we 
expect that bucket to continue to grow for us. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay, fair enough. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take our next question from Sushovan Nayak of Anand 
Rathi.  
Sushovan Nayak: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity and congratulations on a good 
set of numbers in a seasonally weak quarter. So just one question on the 
impact of the labor code. What we understand when we compare with 
respect to the large-cap peers, your labor code impact is higher than the 
large-cap peers. It is almost 5.5% of the quarterly revenue versus 2.5% to 
3% what we have seen for the other large-cap peers. Is there any reason 
for that which it is possible to give a view? And what would be the recurring 
impact of this? Thank you. 
Vipul Chandra: 
Okay, so Sushovan, on this one, I think it will be difficult to comment 
absolutely because we would not know what is the starting point for the 
other players in the market. But depending upon the starting point of the 
gap in terms of the new definition of wages versus the way earlier the 
gratuity impact and the leave encashment impact was being calculated, 
there are bound to be differences between different companies in terms of 
the one-time impact. So the good thing is it is a one-time impact. So one 
quarter, it is done. And then, next quarter onwards, you can continue with 
the rest of the BAU activities. 
 
Now, in terms of the recurring impact, it is also going to be something which 
is going to be dependent upon certain clarifications and certain rules which 
are expected to come out. Also, we do not expect the impact to be very 
material. The exact impact workings, we are still going to do or wait to do 
until after we have got some clarifications, which are expected in the 
industry. 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 29 
Venu Lambu: 
Look, any impact on that, if it is whatever percentage post that will be 
common across all companies, a little bit. But I do not expect, as Vipul said, 
to be material on the recurring side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Dipesh Mehta of Emkay Global.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions. First, I just want to 
get a sense about the demand outlook in three verticals if you can provide 
some sense any changes you witnessed, let’s say in last six months and the 
growth driver in BFSI, Consumer and High Tech. If you can provide some 
broad color on how you expect it to play out in calendar 2026 from growth 
perspective and maybe considering our some of the portfolio related 
things.. Second question is you indicated about project Lakshya and related 
things which you said you will share later which gives slightly medium term 
kind of perspective but is it possible to give some sense about, let’s say how 
we look overall AI portfolio and any plan to share some number around it. 
Thank you. 
Venu Lambu: 
Sure. Dipesh, thank you. For the question, firstly, I will put the headlines for 
all these three. So it sort of gives you the color of the outlook coming to be. 
BFSI, as I mentioned, bottoming out of the top client, but all other accounts 
growing faster than the market. Even this quarter, the other accounts have 
grown much faster than the other accounts. So we will be done with the 
bottoming out of the BFSI in Q4 on the top account productivity journey. 
And then we will continue to grow as we go into the next year. And there 
are a lot of things that back up the statement, whether it is capability story 
or relationship. And the fact that I said, we are the prime supplier for some 
of the largest global banks. It is not just one or two accounts, right? So we 
are almost seven global banks. We are the prime supplier. So there is a huge 
opportunity over there. And the spend pattern has not changed. They 
always continue to be conscious, carefully calibrated spend and that is what 
we will go after in BFSI. With regard to the consumer spend, we will 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 29 
continue to keep the momentum as we go into the next year, because there 
are some interesting engagements, conversation that is happening with 
customers. And I am hoping that some of those things will be materialized 
so that I could be very precise in giving you a color more on that. 
Opportunity does look pretty interesting in that space. 
 
High-Tech, I think, has made a journey from sort of a quarter to quarter 
decline to a quarter where it has been just about the flat, just a flat growth. 
So it can only go up from here on the Tech side, right? With regard to the 
spend pattern, look, materially, fundamentally, has not changed as much 
as I can call out one or two things, but there are still opportunities out 
there. We just need to remain focused and bring all our solutions to our 
customers, we will get growth. Finally, I think on the medium and long-term 
outlook, when I talk about the next available opportunity, I am not looking 
too far ahead before this year ends, we will look for an opportunity where 
we come and present to you the forward-looking strategy because it is still 
a work in progress. We need to take it to the Board and then we will share 
it. But I can only tell you that the thought process and aspiration that we 
have on the plan that we are building is very ambitious. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
I understand. And maybe if I can squeeze last question about the 
sustainability of double-digit growth entering into next year because by 
exit, we intend to reach to closer to double digit. Considering overall 
market dynamics, I am not looking for specific guidance, just trying to 
understand overall thought process and whether it is possible to deliver. 
Considering overall progress what we made so far in terms of our deal 
funnel, deal closure and client conversation, do you think that it is likely to 
be sustained entering into next year? 
Venu Lambu: 
Look, we are, as I said, our aspirations are big, our ambitions are very 
strong, but you also need to understand that we are living in a bit of a day-
to-day variable world, right? So I would prefer to wait for the Q4 earnings 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 29 
where we can add more specific color for the FY2027, right? At the 
moment, the focus is delivered nearer to the double digit for this year, and 
also as Vipul called out, deliver margin higher than last year so that we can 
sign off in a good way for Q4. That is what we are hoping for. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Fair point. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Abhishek Shindadkar from InCred 
Capital.  
Abhishek Shindadkar: Venu, a question for you. Can you extend your observations about the High-
Tech customers' productivity journey to other customers in verticals? And 
also, if you can, kind of do the customer segmentation, meaning, is this 
trend happening more in the Fortune 100, Fortune 200 customers today. 
So this is more industry specific rather than a company specific. And part 
two of that question is, I heard people saying it could take longer for the 
other below 20 million customers. So maybe if you can just highlight, what 
is the timeframe that we are looking at, at this overall productivity journey? 
Thank you for taking my question. 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, thank you Abhishek. Look, I think from an industry standpoint, it is a 
fairly straightforward formula because to extract the productivity you have 
to make some investments, right? So it has to be a one-time investment. 
So higher the base of that work and the revenue, if it is material, then ROI 
for the AI investment also…. Because AI productivity is not a magic wand, 
right? So we need to redefine the processes. We need to get the right tools 
in place, right platforms in place, get the team to identify opportunities 
which can be coded. So there is an investment that goes in through an AI 
tech team, which will create those productivity solutions. So I feel that the 
larger the account portfolio, it makes more sense is how I see it. With 
regard to the rest of the accounts, look, it is a very diversified portfolio. 
Whether it is your Top 10 or 20 to 40, those accounts are very diversified 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 29 
portfolio. And there are a lot of good pipeline in those accounts. And we 
have announced deals also in that portfolio. So I think we have a good mix 
in that span. I cannot generalize such a big portfolio, either it takes shorter 
or longer. I think account-wise dynamics will play there. But what we are is 
focused, and with all puts and takes, can we deliver growth? And which is 
what I said, yes, we are in that direction. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: Thank you. Best wishes for the rest of the year. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Kawaljeet Saluja of Kotak.  
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Hi, Venu. First question for you, Venu. The first question is that you had 
multiple successes in those USD 300 to USD 500 million deal bucket. So 
what has been the unifying theme or success factor which has propelled 
such multiple large and mega deal wins? And how does the pipe for such 
deals look like as we speak today? 
Venu Lambu: 
So that is a great question. What is driving this is if I look at it, the offering 
per se, the what part of it, is fairly a point of parity. If I am doing a big cloud 
migration or cloud modernization or digital engineering, it is pretty much a 
point of parity with other companies as well. But I think what differentiates 
us is the how part of it. How do we go about in solutioning? How do we go 
about in innovating the delivery models? How do we go about in identifying 
the team that client finds is as a very strong team that works for us? And 
finally the innovation that we bring in the commercial model as well. So I 
do not want to let all secrets open in this call, but in general, the how part 
is what helped us to win those large deals. And I think the very fact that we 
built a large deal organization, which sort of sleeps and breathes large deal, 
they see these scenarios more regularly than the team who handles 
transaction and also does other things. So I think that, that focus also has 
helped us. 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 29 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Noted. And how does the pipeline of such deals look like? 
Venu Lambu: 
It looks, decent enough. It looks decent enough for us to close those deals 
every quarter and keep sharing as we go along. It has not gone down. 
Momentarily, it will go down when you close a deal, but then over a period 
of time, it builds up. It is fairly steady, I would say, Kawaljeet, fairly steady. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
The second question I had for you, Venu, thanks a lot for that answer. The 
second question I had for you, Venu, is that one of the upsides which 
LTIMindtree had was those mega-sized accounts, which are the top two 
accounts. But the downside, of course, is that it creates client 
concentration as well. And you would have seen a fair number of 
conversations going in that direction. So how long do you think would it 
take for you to have, let’s say, a more balanced client portfolio? Or do you 
think you will have to live with this volatility, or I mean created by 
concentration of business? 
Venu Lambu: 
No, not really. I think the concentration part is going down organically, over 
the period of few quarters Kawaljeet If you see, same time last year, 
probably we were in 20% to 23% between two accounts in terms of 
revenue share. If you look at it now, I do not have the exact percentage of 
top of my head, but it will not be as if I would not be that wrong if I say 18% 
to 19% kind of a share. So I think the concentration risk is organically going 
down. And the good news is that we as an organization are growing 
because all the deals that we are announcing are outside of these, right? 
So that is it. I think we are already in that trajectory, but let me also add to 
it, right? We want to grow in every account. Whether it is top account, top 
2 account, top 5, top 20, we want to grow every account. But there are a 
lot of headroom for us in many various places in our business. Europe can 
grow faster. Our Middle East joint venture can grow faster. Our accounts 
that I spoke about seven big global accounts in BFSI sector. If those 
accounts grow faster than the top client, you still grow top client, but you 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 29 
still grow the other accounts better. So I think we are in a very uniquely 
well-positioned to get that kind of a mix going on as we get into the next 
year. But, it is a continued journey, a lot of hard work. And I can tell you my 
team is very excited about getting there. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Well noted on all the points you made, Venu. But just out of curiosity, the 
deal number three mentioned in your press release, which is positioning us 
as one of the five major service partners. Is it the same one, which is the 
large BFSI account, which has been a topic of discussion?  
Venu Lambu: 
Sorry, Kawaljeet, I do not know which one you are referring to? 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Well LTIMindtree has been selected by a global financial institution to 
deliver end-to-end technology and consulting service across all lines of 
business, positioning us as one of the five major service partners here. 
Venu Lambu: 
No, look, the account, which was under discussion, the one which you 
called out, it was not under discussion at our end. So, which have 
consistently maintained it from the first quarter as well. But this is a 
different account. This is part of the global banks that I spoke about. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Okay, noted. And just a final question for Vipul. Vipul, you are one of the 
few companies which has had a consistent hedging policy, and that has 
worked well. But given the recent volatility in rates, etc, is there a thought 
of revisiting the long-dated hedges that you carry? And second is that is 
there an OCI gain or loss that you are carrying underlying these hedges in 
your books of accounts? 
Vipul Chandra: 
Sure. Thanks for the question and I wish you a Happy New Year. So in terms 
of the hedging policy, you are right that we follow a very consistent hedging 
policy and we are not really looking to change the hedging policy as such. 
Volatility on a quarter-on-quarter basis in the hedges performance is not 
what we look at. We look at the overall, PAT performance and that is where 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 28 of 29 
we want to maintain the consistency over a period of time. Now, coming 
further on that is that within the hedge policy, there is some amount of 
flexibility, which we have, which allows us to ramp up or ramp down our 
hedges within a certain band. So that flexibility we use from time to time, 
depending upon the market conditions. But overall, we are not looking to 
change our hedging policy per se. Coming to the second question in terms 
of OCI, yes, we do have certain mark-to-market losses sitting in the OCI, 
which will, if the exchange rate remains where it is, which will flow through 
the P&L, but then the concomitant benefit of that will also flow through in 
our EBIT numbers. So overall, I think the hedging policy is serving the 
purpose that it is supposed to serve. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
And Vipul, what will be the average rate of hedges that will mature in the 
next 12 months? Or, you know, let’s say, would it be a gain or loss when 
you compare to the spot? That is the final question. And thanks a lot. 
Vipul Chandra: 
So we do not give the year-by-year breakup of the hedge rates. I think in 
our fact sheet, we have published the hedge rate for the overall hedge 
portfolio which stands at, I think if I remember correctly, Rs. 91.29 and in 
terms of the near-term hedges, given our systematic hedging program, 
some of these hedges, which will mature in the next 12 months would have 
been taken earlier. So near term would be less than the Rs. 91.29. And the 
longer term will obviously be higher. Also, I think in terms of the hedge rate 
or the average impact of that, that could be higher in the near term. But as 
we keep putting on more hedges as we go along, that impact also keeps 
getting mitigated because every quarter that goes by, we keep adding 
hedges also in the longer term. So it is effectively a systematic hedging 
program, which gives us the benefit of stability of earnings as well over a 
period of time built-up hedge rate which works out very well in most 
situations except in short-term volatility where sometimes you can have 
some hedge losses, which are offset by the gains in the EBIT. 

 
 
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
Page 29 of 29 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Fair enough. Thank you so much and I wish you a great 2026. 
Vipul Chandra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. On 
behalf of LTIMindtree Limited, that concludes today's conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now click on the leave icon to exit the 
meeting. Thank you for your participation. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Safe Harbour 
Certain statements in this release concerning the future prospects are forward-looking statements. These statements, 
by their nature, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from such 
forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements 
that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company. 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes)  
Contact Information  
Investor Relations:  
Vikas Jadhav, Head - Investor Relations  
Email: Vikas.Jadhav2@ltimindtree.com  
 
 
