 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                
 1945 to ETERNITY 
 
 LIL:CS:REG30:2025-26 
                                                                                                       February 20, 2026 
BSE Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department  
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Security Code: 517206 
Symbol: LUMAXIND 
 
Subject: Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call - Q3 FY 2025-26 
 
Dear Sir/Ma'am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable Regulations, please find enclosed 
herewith the Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call which was held on Friday, 
February 13, 2026 at 11:00 A.M. (IST) to discuss the Operational and Financial performance of the 
Company for the 3rd Quarter and Nine Months ended December 31, 2025. 
 
The transcript shall also be made available on the website of the Company at 
http://www.lumaxworld.in/lumaxindustries 
 
This is for your information and Records  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
RAAJESH KUMAR GUPTA 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & COMPANY SECRETARY 
M.NO. A-8709 
 
Encl: As stated Above 
 
 
RAAJESH 
KUMAR GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
RAAJESH KUMAR GUPTA 
Date: 2026.02.20 16:57:46 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Lumax Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY 26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 13, 2026 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 13th February 2026 will prevail 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
• Mr. Deepak Jain – Chairman and Managing Director  
• Mr. Anmol Jain – Joint Managing Director  
• Mr. Sanjay Mehta – Group Chief Financial Officer  
• Mr. Ravi Teltia – Chief Financial Officer  
• Mr. Naval Khanna – Corporate Head, Taxation  
• Ms. Priyanka Sharma – Head Corporate Communications  
• Ms. Surabhi Chandna – Group Head Investor Relations and Value Creation  
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q3 and 9M FY 26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Lumax Industries Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the Company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and 
expectations of the Company as on the date of this call. These statements do not 
guarantee the future performance of the Company, and it may involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 

Lumax Industries Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Jain, Chairman and Managing Director 
of Lumax Industries Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you very much. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for the Lumax 
Industries Limited Q3 and 9M FY 26 Earnings Conference Call. I'm joined by our 
leadership team, including Mr. Anmol Jain, the Joint Managing Director; Mr. Sanjay 
Mehta, Group CFO; Mr. Ravi Teltia, the CFO of the Company; Mr. Naval Khanna, 
the Corporate Head of Taxation; Ms. Priyanka Sharma, Head of Corporate 
Communication. I would also like to introduce Ms. Surabhi Chandna, who is joined 
on this call as the Group Head of Investor Relations and Value Creation and along with 
our Investor Relations Advisor, SGA. 
 
The results and investor presentations have already been submitted to the Stock 
Exchanges and are available on the Company's website, and we trust that you've had 
the opportunity to review them. I will begin by giving an overview of the economy, 
followed by the automotive industry performance and the Company updates. 
 
India's economic momentum remains strong and supported by resilient domestic 
demand and steady structural reforms. The economy continues to grow at a pace that 
places India among the fastest-growing major economies globally. The recent union 
budget reinforces this momentum with a clear focus on growth, stability and long-term 
competitiveness. 
 
At the same time, the sustained push on public capital expenditure, particularly across 
infrastructure, manufacturing and logistics is expected to strengthen supply chains, 
enhance private investment and generate employment. Together, these levers of 
consumption support and public capex are expected to drive economic growth. 
 
In parallel, recent developments on the trade front, including the U.S. trade agreement 
and progress on the EU Free Trade Agreement (FTA) should be positive for the 
industry over the medium term by improving market access and competitiveness. 
 
Now regarding the automotive sector, the momentum remains really strong with the 
industry continuing to fire on all cylinders. The union budget has reinforced this 
outlook through a higher allocation under the Production Linked Incentive (PLI) Auto 
scheme for FY 27. In addition, a INR40,000 crores outlay for the electronic 

Lumax Industries Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
manufacturing program is set to enhance domestic capabilities in semiconductors, 
sensors and power electronics that are critical for modern and electric vehicles. 
 
On the quarterly industry performance, despite Q3 being a seasonally weak period, the 
automotive industry has delivered its best ever third quarter. As per SIAM production 
data for October to December quarter, the Passenger Vehicle (PV) production stood at 
about 14 lakh units, up 19% year-on-year (y-o-y). 2-Wheelers (2W) were around 68.1 
lakh units, up 15% y-o-y. 3-Wheelers (3W) are roughly at about 3.5 lakh units, up 
about 35% y-o-y and Commercial Vehicles (CV) are close to 2.9 lakh units, up 18% 
y-o-y. 
 
This broad-based growth has been driven by three key factors: improved affordability 
following the GST rate reductions, benefits from personal income tax relief enhancing 
disposable income and successive repo rate cuts by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), 
which have eased financing cost and supported demand across vehicle categories. 
 
Overall, this robust performance in H2 has led to 2025 being the best year for the Indian 
automotive industry across segments. The year-end sales push, healthy pipeline of 
bookings and the full transmission of 2025 rate cuts into lending rates are expected to 
support demand, pointing to continued growth momentum into 2026-27. 
 
Regarding Lumax Industries, we are proudly reporting our best quarterly performance 
in the history of our operations. Revenues for the quarter grew by 18.7% y-o-y to 
INR1,053 crores with improvement on profitability front with EBITDA margins of 
10.6% for Q3 FY 26 compared to 8% in the same period last year. 
 
The Indian automotive lighting industry today stands at the cusp of significant 
technological transformation. And as vehicles become smarter, safer and more design-
led, lighting has evolved from a functional component to a key element of safety, 
differentiation and brand identity. 
 
With the rapid shift of LED technology, advanced lighting systems, Daytime Running 
Lights (DRLs) and signature designs, the content per vehicle continues to rise. This 
structural premiumization presents a strong value opportunity and Lumax Industries is 
well positioned to benefit from the increasing technology intensity per vehicle. 
 
Over the years, we have evolved alongside the industry and in many ways, led its 
advancements. Through our long-standing partnership with Stanley, a global leader in 
automotive lighting, we have introduced cutting-edge technologies to the Indian 
market, elevating design, engineering and quality standards. This has strengthened our 
product portfolio and enhanced our kit value across platforms. 

Lumax Industries Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
On the order book front, current order book stands at INR1,759 crores. We have 
secured multiple new orders from leading OEMs across segments, further 
strengthening order book. In the passenger vehicle segment, we have won orders from 
Tata Motors for the newly launched Sierra, where we'll be supplying the front foglamps 
and auxiliary tail lamps. 
 
We have also secured business for the Tata Punch facelift, supplying the front DRLs 
and the position lamps. Our team executed the Punch lighting project at exceptional 
speed, transforming the concept into a delivered product in the shortest possible 
timeline. 
 
In the 3-wheeler segment, we have also received orders from Mahindra for the Last 
Mile Mobility e-rickshaws, where we'll be supplying headlamps, tail lamps and reflex 
reflectors. In the 2-wheeler segment, we have won a prestigious order from TVS for 
the flagship Apache RTX300 for the supply of headlamps. 
 
On the capex front, our Bengaluru Plant expansion to support Maruti and Toyota's 
upcoming models is progressing as planned and is expected to be commissioned from 
Q4 FY 27. Additionally, Phase 2 of our Chakan facility remains on schedule to 
commence operations from Q4 FY 26 and will primarily cater to the requirements of 
Skoda and Volkswagen, further strengthening our presence with global OEM partners. 
 
Overall, supported by strong industry tailwinds and backed by our proven capabilities, 
deep OEM partnerships and technology focus, we are well positioned to strengthen our 
leadership position. We remain confident of staying at the forefront of automotive 
lighting industry while driving sustainable growth and long-term value creation. 
 
I now hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Ravi Teltia for updates on operational and 
financial performance. Please go ahead, Ravi. 
Ravi Teltia: 
Thank you, sir. Good morning, everyone. I'll walk you through the key operational and 
financial highlights for the Q3 and 9M months ended 31st December 2025. 
 
As our CMD mentioned earlier, we have delivered our best performance to date across 
all key parameters. Starting with Q3 FY 26, our total operating revenue stood at 
INR1,053 crores, reflecting a strong y-o-y growth of 18.7%. This was largely driven 
by robust growth in our manufacturing business, where revenues grew 35.8% y-o-y to 
INR1,014 crores. EBITDA, excluding exceptional items for the quarter came in at 
INR112 crores, a growth of 57.3% y-o-y. 
 
Our EBITDA margins improved to 10.6%. The margin expansion was supported by 
operating leverage, improved performance across plants and content per vehicle. Profit 
After Tax (PAT), including share of associates stood at INR47 crores, up 39% y-o-y 

Lumax Industries Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
with a PAT margin of 4.4%. I would like to highlight that this is after accounting for a 
onetime impact of INR15.9 crores related to the implementation of new labour codes. 
 
Now looking at the performance for the 9M FY 26. Total operating revenue stood at 
INR2,984 crores, reflecting a healthy growth of 20.5% y-o-y. EBITDA was INR287 
crores, up 41.2% with a margin at 9.6%, demonstrating consistent improvement in 
profitability. PAT for the 9M period stood at INR118 crores, a growth of 23% with a 
margin of 4%. Once again, this includes the one-time labour code impact of INR15.9 
crores. Overall, the numbers reflect strong execution, improving operating efficiency 
and sustained momentum across our business. 
 
Let me now move to our operational performance. With a continued rise in LED 
penetration across the automotive industry, our revenue mix clearly reflects this 
structural shift. LED lighting contributes over 61% of our revenue compared to 52% 
in the same quarter last year. We expect this share to increase further going ahead as 
nearly 81% of our current order book is LED-based, giving a strong alignment with 
future market demand and good revenue visibility. 
 
For the 9M period, the Passenger Vehicle segment continues to anchor our portfolio, 
driven by higher complexity and increased content per vehicle. PV contributed 65% of 
revenues, while 2-wheeler accounted for 29% and the balance 6% came from other 
segments. The order book mirrors this mix with nearly two third coming from PV 
lighting and most of the remainder coming from 2-wheeler segment. 
 
From a product standpoint, front lighting, given its higher technological intensity and 
safety relevance contributed around 69% of revenue. Rear lighting accounted for 22%, 
reflecting the growing importance of styling and design differentiation with the balance 
coming from other lighting products. 
 
Coming to capital expenditure. As mentioned earlier, our overall capex plans are 
progressing well. Capex for the FY 26 will be INR350 crores to INR400 crores, up 
from the earlier guided number of INR220 crores to INR260 crores in our previous 
calls. However, this is largely due to advancement of capex driven by customer project 
timelines and related long lead time of machines and equipment, particularly for our 
Bengaluru new plant, wherein we are expediting execution. 
 
Overall, the two-year outlook, FY 26 and FY 27 on capex remains broadly unchanged. 
We continue to repay our long-term loans with improved margins and extended credit, 
our net debt to EBITDA is expected to continue to reduce. 
 
With this, we would like to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 

Lumax Industries Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. The first question is from the line of Vijay Pandey from 
Nuvama. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Hi, thank you for taking my questions and congratulations for an excellent quarter and 
excellent set of numbers. I have a couple of questions. First on the margin expansion. 
So, our EBITDA margin increased by 260 basis points, more than 250 basis point y-o-
y. So just wanted to understand how much sustainable is this level of EBITDA margin? 
 
And also, should we expect further increase from here because some of our peers have 
an EBITDA margin of around 12-13%. So, can we go to that level or is 10-11% is 
going to be the long-term perspective? So, if you can just help me understand both the 
short-term, mid-term outlook as well as our long-term outlook on the margin front? 
Anmol Jain: 
Sure. So, this is Anmol Jain. I'll take that question. So, number one, I think you're 
absolutely right, Q3 has been a significantly higher margin, but part of that is aided by 
an exceptional tooling profitability as well. If you take out the tooling profitability, still 
we have inched forward in terms of EBITDA margins on a consecutive Q2 to Q3 basis. 
Tooling, as you know, is very, very cyclical. It depends on the new product launches.  
But we are very confident that we will continue to progressively increase our EBITDA 
margins. We're safely, probably secured in the double-digit EBITDA margins now. 
We do expect for the full year also to perhaps have a similar EBITDA deliverable in 
terms of double-digit margin. 
 
And coming to your question on 12-13%, I think, yes, going forward, that is our 
endeavour. But perhaps in the next two years or so, we should be able to get close to 
those margin levels as well. But we are pretty confident that we'll get there. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. Secondly, I wanted to understand how the industry output look 
in terms of lighting, because we understand that LED penetration has been increasing, 
especially in the 2-wheeler side. But if you can highlight a little bit about what is 
happening on the passenger vehicle side and what will be the growth drivers going 
forward in the mid-term to long run scenario? 
Anmol Jain: 
So, on the industry side, again, I think there is, as you know, the production numbers 
across segments have seen a very encouraging upward trend in Q3. Coming 
specifically for the lighting, I think the passenger vehicle continues to be one of the 
key factor where almost 65% of the total lighting for us I mean, the market size is on 
passenger exterior lighting, again, because it has a very high significant contribution 
per vehicle. We remain focused on expanding our wallet share across key customers. 
 
Our order book, which is at about INR1,760 crores is again a testimony of the same. 
We've had some significant wins. Maruti Suzuki is almost 1/3 of our order book. So 

Lumax Industries Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
again, we are expanding our wallet share, both in front lighting as well as in rear 
lighting as long as the passenger vehicle is concerned. And we continue to again 
progress on the 2-wheeler aspect as well. We are enjoying the leadership wallet share 
in certain OEMs like Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI) as well as 
Hero MotoCorp Limited (HMCL). And I think the endeavour is to grow certain key 
accounts where the Company has recently entered like TVS. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Okay, very helpful sir. And lastly, if you can also help us, are you also planning to get 
into the ambient lighting in the passenger vehicle segment? And do you plan to get 
into the commercial vehicle space also because that is going to be an upcycle. So, are 
we planning to get there that in the commercial vehicle space? 
Anmol Jain: 
So commercial vehicle is a small part of the pie today. It's about 6% of our total 
revenues. But again, we do see certain technological evolution, technological changes 
in the commercial vehicle space. And again, we are continuously engaged with certain 
OEMs. So we do expect the commercial vehicle piece of the pie to also expand, but it 
will definitely be always overshadowed by the growth we see in something like a 
passenger car and maybe the two-wheeler just because of sheer volumes than the value 
per vehicle. So that's on the CV part. 
 
In terms of ambient lighting, while the Company does have one specific ambient 
lighting order, which is under development with one of the OEMs, but that's a category 
which largely is something which is not a core of this company, and we would perhaps 
cater to that from the other group company. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Okay. And sir, what is the industry mix in the passenger vehicle between LED and 
conventional light industry mix and versus our mix? And how is this expected to grow? 
Ravi Teltia: 
Currently, we see our LED share is 60-plus percent and industry is running somewhere 
around close to 50%. So of course, as we mention that LED is more a hygiene today, 
and it is becoming more and more and that's been reflected in our order book as well. 
So, we see that industry will also expand and our share of LED and electronics will 
also expand in coming days. 
Vijay Pandey: 
And there some realization benefit in terms of LED and conventional or are both 
similar price? 
Ravi Teltia: 
Yes. So basically, it differs model to model. But in general, because electronics has 
higher import content and content for vehicle in electronics-based lighting is 
somewhere range from 2x to 5-6x. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from Sunidhi Securities. Please go 
ahead. 

Lumax Industries Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Saurabh Jain: 
Congratulations, sir, for the wonderful set of numbers. We have surpassed our initial 
guidance, which we had given at the beginning of the year by a wide margin. And so, 
sir, my first question connects to two things, capex and revenue. So, we are getting 
into the fructifying stage of Chakan Phase 2 where the capex has already been done, 
major capex, and this would be the quarter where commercial production would begin. 
And you had guided that in FY 27, the expected revenue can be around INR250 crores 
to INR300 crores. 
 
Now in the last quarter also, we had revised our capex guidance from INR180 crores 
to INR220 crores to INR260 crores. And now we are again elevating that to INR350 
crores to INR400 crores. Now our Bangalore facility where the major capex would be 
in FY 27, and we were expecting revenue of almost INR450 crores in FY 28. So how 
all these things are shaping up for FY 27 and FY 28 based on our current order book 
and the new capex, what kind of growth should one expect? 
Ravi Teltia: 
Yes. Thank you. So basically, first on the Plant 3 Phase 2 part, you rightly mentioned 
that project is ready to go for Start Of Production (SOP). And as per our previous 
guidelines in this quarter, most likely, March or April, sometime the SOP of the models 
will start and ramp up will take up in FY 27 to INR250 crores to INR300 crores. As 
far as the Bangalore facility is there, it's a new facility, which is under development at 
this stage. And the expected business start would be somewhere around Q4 of FY 27. 
 
On the capex, as I mentioned, for the two years, that is current FY 26 and FY 27, we 
are maintaining our overall guideline. Only thing is like preloading in the current 
financial year to speed up the execution as well as the customer time lines meeting 
requirements. But overall, the capex is same, as we mentioned earlier. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So INR350 crores to INR400 crores for FY 26 and next year would be? 
Ravi Teltia: 
Next year would be somewhere around INR100 crores to INR150 crores. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. So sir, that brings me to the top line growth for FY 27 and FY 28? 
Ravi Teltia: 
And in terms of top line growth for next financial year, we are looking at somewhere 
around close to 20-plus percentage. And overall, for next 3 to 5 years, we are 
maintaining our guidelines of 15% to 20%. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. And sir, my next question is on EBITDA front. So last quarter, we had an impact 
of forex fluctuations of 70 to 80 basis points. And this quarter, you mentioned that 
there was some tooling profitability. So apart from tooling profitability, was there any 
impact of forex in this quarter? 
Ravi Teltia: 
No. Actually, this quarter, as such, there is no impact of the forex gain or loss. 

Lumax Industries Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. And what would be the quantum of tooling profitability that was exceptional in 
this quarter approximately? 
Anmol Jain: 
So, it should be about, give or take, INR10 crores, which would be over and above 
what we usually do. If I look at an average, we do about INR5 crores of profit on a 
quarter on a tooling. If you look at the last few quarters, this quarter has been 
exceptional because of certain key parts. So yes, I would say INR10 crores would be 
an extraordinary gain from tooling in the quarter. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Got it, sir. That's helpful. My last question is on the localization front. Earlier, we had 
stated that we aim to increase localization to around 25% to 30%. I think we had 
already reached to that level, and we were aiming for 50% to 60%, mainly through 
Printed Circuit Board (PCB) assemblies and certain electronics. So, any update on 
that? And, also if you can just give the revenue numbers for SL Lumax for Q3 and 9M 
and how has been the growth during these 9 months? And what's the outlook for FY 
27? 
Anmol Jain: 
The localization is going well. I think overall, yes, we are upwards of 30% to 35% 
today. But again, it depends on the product category. For example, in something like 
connectors, we are at about 35% to 40% localization. But on a PCB, the bare board 
PCB, we've already achieved close to 70% localization. The Surface Mount 
Technology (SMT) is 100% localized. And again, some LED modules and projectors 
are still high on the imported front. 
 
So, it's a mixed bag. There are a few components which have a higher localization 
opportunity in the near term. Some will take a longer term, and some will continue to 
be imported for now like the LED modules. But overall, I think we are progressing 
well coming from 10-15%, we've reached a 30-35% overall localization level. On SL 
Lumax, I'll let Ravi answer that. 
Ravi Teltia: 
On SL Lumax in Q3, as we see that they have reported a growth. Their Pune facility is 
now operational with effect from October 2025. Therefore, they have reported 
somewhere around 15%+ of revenue growth. On a 9-month basis, because the  Q1 and  
Q2 were a little lean, so they are close to flat, I would say, compared to last financial 
year 9M.  
Saurabh Jain: 
9 months revenue was how much, sir? 
Ravi Teltia: 
Revenue for 9M in the current financial year compared to last financial year is almost 
flat. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Sir, what was the number? 

Lumax Industries Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Ravi Teltia: 
Amount is  overall number is INR2,160 crores. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. And how is the outlook for FY 27 for SL Lumax? 
Ravi Teltia: 
Outlook for the current financial year, most likely they will close somewhere around 
INR2,700 crores to INR2,800 crores that's the outlook, but it all depends on how the 
market will shape up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ronak Jain from Equirus Securities. 
Ronak Jain: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers and thank you for giving me the opportunity. 
So, my question is on LED penetration. So, you mentioned that 60% of your revenues 
currently come from LED, but that is in terms of value. So I was looking on what is 
the LED penetration in terms of volumes in 2-wheelers and PVs for the industry 
currently? 
Anmol Jain: 
So, it's a difficult thing to tell you exactly because I would assume that the penetration 
of LED by volume would be close to about perhaps 70-80%. Please understand by 
volume, I'm saying, by value, it drops because, again, when you look at the headlamp, 
which is a higher content per vehicle on a 2-wheeler, that only has a part of the 
function, which is an LED. The main lighting is still from a halogen bulb. 
 
So again, it's a partial LED lamp, not a full LED lamp. But when it comes to a tail 
lamp, we do see that there is a higher penetration of LED as a technology and the full 
lamp itself is based on LED, along with the blinkers as well, which are more and more 
getting into the LED space. So again, by volume, I would say it would be pretty higher 
than value. But again, there's a mixed bag between a headlamp and a tail lamp. 
Ronak Jain: 
Yes. So just a follow-up on this. So, you said by volume, it would be higher, but in 
general, LEDs have higher content per vehicle, right? So, shouldn't it be that by 
volume, LEDs would be lower penetration compared to value? 
Anmol Jain: 
No, are you talking about 2-wheelers specifically? Or are you talking about the whole 
industry in passenger cars as well? 
Ronak Jain: 
2-wheelers and passenger car separately, like you can tell us about both the things. 
Anmol Jain: 
So again, from a volume perspective, I would say almost inorganic, there are a lot of 
smaller lamps, which are not on a LED. As I said, when you say it's a LED lamp for 
us, it's a partial LED. So again, the value content per vehicle is a mixed bag between 
how much LED value is going on to that lamp versus how much conventional 
technologies are still used on that lamp. We don't classify that as a 100% value accruing 
towards LED if there are certain other halogen or certain other technologies in play. 

Lumax Industries Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
So again, from a volume perspective, yes, most of the lamps today have some part of 
function as an LED technology. And that's why when we report, we say that almost 
close to 80% of our order book is (81%) on LED lighting. But again, from a value-
wise, it would tend to be lower because there is also a lot of lamps we make, which are 
non-LED, which are more conventional technologies today. 
Ronak Jain: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Just one last question. So, can you specifically tell like what would 
be the penetration for headlamps like in LED in both 2-wheelers and PV, LED 
penetration in headlamps? 
Ravi Teltia: 
Yes. So basically, if we see overall our business has roughly around 70% is coming 
from front lighting. So front lighting is not only the headlamp, it's a combination of all 
type of lighting. And from our PV segment, today, we are driving roughly around 55% 
to 60% from LED base. So by that logic, if we do, then that must be the LED 
contribution comes from the front lighting. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neeraj from Damac Capital. 
Neeraj: 
Congrats to the management team. We are finally at double-digit margins, which we 
have been aiming for so many years. So really commendable effort. My question was 
around our revenue split. So, if you see for the 9M, Maruti is, let's say, 26% of our 
revenue and also it forms a significant part of our order book. Just wanted to understand 
out of this 26%, what percentage of revenue can be attributable to - which Maruti is in 
turn exporting? So, can you elaborate on that? 
Anmol Jain: 
Well, we are on a few models. We do not specifically track out of the total revenue of 
Maruti, what percentage of Maruti's revenue is coming out of export models, but we 
are present on various platforms, which Maruti Suzuki does export out for the other 
countries. But again, for us, it is the same lamp, which goes on the export for the 
domestic side. So, it's very difficult for us to give you a very detailed breakup as to 
what kind of revenue comes out of the export vehicles. 
Neeraj: 
Understood. And just coming back to the margin commentary, I did hear your views 
that like there were some one-offs as well on the tooling side. But will it be fair to 
assume that whatever margins, EBITDA margins we did in Q3, it is like the base and 
from this, we will build onwards because more and more capacities will come online. 
So, there will be some operating leverage as well. Will that be a correct way to look at 
it? 
Anmol Jain: 
Yes, absolutely. I think if you take out the extraordinary gain on the tooling, you would 
see that our margins have expanded based on the previous quarters. And I think this 
definitely should be a solid foundation for us to progressively now further enhance and 

Lumax Industries Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
expand the margins in the coming quarters. So, I think we are quite optimistic on 
expanding our margins, not just in Q4, but going into FY 27 as well on again, the back 
of operational efficiencies with the 15-20% growth as well as better capacity 
utilizations. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nipurn Khemka from CD Research. 
Nipurn Khemka: 
So, my question is how much development of new products integral to our future 
growth? 
Anmol Jain: 
Okay. So again, as I said, the order book is at about INR1,760 crores. 60% of this order 
book comes into production in the next financial year, FY 27. That is part of the reason 
why we have accelerated and preponed the capex towards the Bangalore facility. As 
Ravi mentioned earlier, I think we do expect next year to give a revenue forecast of a 
growth of 20% plus. And I would say that close to perhaps half of that should come 
from the new product and the rest would be organic growth of the industry. 
Nipurn Khemka: 
And my second question was regarding that is fast paced launching of newer models 
by OEMs considered good or bad for us? 
Anmol Jain: 
Faster launch of models by OEMs fares very well for the Company because pretty 
much in every facelift, there is a styling change on both the front and the rear lighting. 
So for us, it is an opportunity and for us, it's a kind of a new product development. So 
yes, we've seen shorter product cycles now by the OEMs. Earlier, it used to be 3-4 
years, 5 years in some cases. Now it's definitely squeezed to 2-3 years. So it definitely 
is a positive opportunity for the Company. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashutosh Tiwari from Equirus. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. Firstly, on the Punch side, were you supplying earlier 
or it's a new order for us? 
Anmol Jain: 
On the what side? 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Tata Punch. Tata Punch is a new order for us or we're supplying earlier also? 
Ravi Teltia: 
We were supplying to Tata Punch earlier also, and we have win the new orders also 
for the Punch. And it has a short execution time and we did it in very well. 
Anmol Jain: 
Yes, Punch has been our existing model. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Okay. And generally that now we are seeing that you talked about new designs and 
also has the content increased versus where we were earlier in Punch in terms of 
lighting content per vehicle in Punch versus earlier model? 

Lumax Industries Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Anmol Jain: 
Yes. In general, we do see the content per vehicle is increasing. But again, that is 
primarily because of different technologies and new styling requirements. I think we 
are progressing very well on the acceptance of new technologies. But again, this is 
probably more true for certain OEMs. 
 
So I'm not sure exactly what the Punch, the new Punch technology map is like. I would 
not be able to comment specifically on the Punch. But in general, yes, we do see OEMs 
like Tata Motors, OEMs like Mahindra & Mahindra. With the new tech and the new 
innovation, the content per vehicle on the lighting is definitely going up. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
And see, in LED as well, I think over the last few years globally as well as in India, 
there's a transition that probably first shifted to basic light and now looking more 
advanced lighting and all. You have seen that change. With that, even, let's say, when 
you migrate to a new variant or new model, basically, are you seeing that they upgraded 
in terms of technology and that's why content will probably keep increasing? Is that 
thought process correct? 
Anmol Jain: 
Absolutely. I think LED is just one piece of the puzzle. I think there are a lot of other 
technologies like, again, there are projector lamps. There are also Adaptive Driving  
Beams (ADB). All of those are very high technology. Again, it will not come to mass 
market. It will probably start at certain variants on the premium segment of passenger 
vehicles and then make its way into the mass market scalable models based on the 
price points also will change accordingly. 
 
But yes, that is one of the reasons why the content per vehicle will continue to increase, 
not just based on LED penetration, which I think is fairly high already, but on the back 
of other technologies being introduced into the exterior lighting. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
No. But on this point of LED penetration, like you mentioned that penetration is higher, 
but in that you include tail lamps and everything all put together, your blinkers, 
everything. But the high content is in the headlamp on the LED side and now maybe 
tail lamps also because you are nursing across the length of the vehicle in the PVs. 
 
But in case of headlamps only, if I ask about what would the penetration of LED in 2-
wheelers and passenger vehicle? I'm talking about only in the 2-wheelers and PV 
headlamps, the penetration like halogen is what percentage and what percent is LED 
roughly? I know that you won't have the exact figure, for industry. 
Anmol Jain: 
So again, it's a very difficult question to answer, but I will try and give you some sense 
on this. On a 2-wheeler lamp, again, as I said, there is usually a DRL or a separate front 
combination lamp. That has a LED technology, and that is the only function which 

Lumax Industries Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
goes on the LED. Let us say the main light source for the main headlamp in 2-wheelers 
is still on a halogen, which is the low beam and the high beam. 
 
So that continues to be halogen technology. So in terms of value, we don't have a 
breakup as to what is the contribution of LED as a technology on the total headlamp 
value and what would be the halogen because for us, it's the same lamp and we look at 
the whole lamp as a unit. 
 
When it comes to passenger vehicles, this actually drops even further because the main 
source of lighting could be a halogen or it could be a projector lamp which again has 
a very high value per vehicle. LED, again, could be just a turn indicator function or 
more and more now we have seen there is something called a front center lamp, which 
runs across the front foot of a vehicle between the two headlamps. That is usually again 
on LED just because of the sleekness and just because of the styling requirements. 
 
So again, I do not have a clear answer in terms of what would be the LED content part 
of the head lamp on a 2-wheeler or a 4-wheeler. But if I were to give you a rough 
estimate, I would assume it would be -- probably a 40-60%, 40% of the value of the 
lamp would be probably LED or maybe 50% of it would be LED in passenger cars and 
maybe another 50% would come from non-LED technologies. And on a 2-wheeler, I 
would probably tend to say that it would be slightly higher at maybe a 60-40% or 65% 
or 70-30% ratio. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
And lastly, on just extension of this only, do you think that over the next three to four-
year period, even this low high beam on 2-wheelers or even in passenger vehicle can 
shift towards LEDs? 
Anmol Jain: 
It definitely can, but I personally still feel that it's going to be pretty long haul as LED 
as a full LED headlamp to become mass market because, again, the cost and the 
economies just don't work out. As I mentioned earlier, most of the LED modules, not 
just for Lumax but across the industry are still imported. So they have not really been 
localized yet. But again, I would tend to say that instead of LED as a light source, more 
and more use of projector lamps and other technologies would come into play faster 
on the 2-wheeler. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Bhoir from LFC Securities. 
Aditya Bhoir: 
First of all, congratulation on good set of numbers. And management has been guiding 
that there will be a margin expansion. And currently, we are having a 70% volume 
penetration in LED lamps. So is there any other contributor to this, which will fuel 
margin growth? Yes, that was my question. 

Lumax Industries Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Anmol Jain: 
Yes, of course, I think margin growth is a combination of multiple factors. It is better 
asset realization, better capacity utilizations, optimized fixed cost based on a higher 
turnover growth as well as again, I say LED as a higher penetration will definitely aid 
a lot to the revenue side because of the contribution per vehicle, but it cannot be just 
seen as an automatic improvement in the margins. In some cases, the LED lamps may 
not be as profitable as some of the conventional lamps. 
 
So again, there are various reasons why the margins have expanded. And I think we 
continue to, as I said, remain bullish and optimistic that we will continue to 
progressively increase the margin performance of the Company over the next quarters 
going into FY 27 as well. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, this will be the last question for today, 
which is from Ajit Sethi from Eiko Quantum Solutions. 
Ajit Sethi: 
As we have said that we are expecting half of the growth in FY 27 should come from 
the new products. So should we expect that the EBITDA margin should be around 11% 
to 11.5% in FY 27 and in the subsequent FY 28 with our all capacity will come online. 
So can we expect to reach that 12% margin that you are saying that we will reach in 
two years? 
Anmol Jain: 
So as I mentioned earlier, Ajit, I think the endeavour would be to attain a 12% EBITDA 
margin over the next two years or so. Having said that, yes, there are various factors 
which definitely on the back of  which we are confident that the EBITDA margin in 
FY 27 should move forward and should become better than what we would deliver on 
FY 27. 
 
But I think we are safely giving a guidance that the Company has now achieved a 
double-digit EBITDA margin with a solid foundation and I think we will continue to 
expand on that. So I don't know specifically if we will hit 11% or so in FY 27. But yes, 
we will continue to expand the EBITDA margin from here after. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question for today, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you 
sir. 
Anmol Jain: 
Well, I would like to thank you all for joining us today. We hope we have addressed 
all your questions. We remain committed to keeping the investment community 
informed with regular updates on any developments in the Company. For any further 
information or queries, please feel free to reach out to us or SGA, our Investor 
Relations Advisor. Thank you. 

Lumax Industries Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Lumax Industries Limited, that 
concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 
