Juniper Hotels Limited (Formerly known  
   Registered Office Address: off Western  
   complianceofficer@juniperhotels.com 
as Juniper Hotels Private Limited)       
   Express Highway, Santacruz (East)         
022-66761000/1012
CIN: L55101MH1985PLC152863        
   Mumbai, Maharashtra 400055, India       
www.juniperhotels.com 
JHL/SJ/2026/13 
 February 16, 2026 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited,  
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Symbol: JUNIPER 
Scrip Code: 544129 
Dear Sir, 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) 
In continuation to our letter no. JHL/SJ/2026/11 dated February 11, 2026, and pursuant to the Regulation 30 
read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on February 11, 2026, for investors 
with respect to Un-audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter and nine months 
ended December 31, 2025. 
The Earnings Conference Call concluded at 5.48 p.m. (IST) on February 11, 2026. 
This is for your information, record, and appropriate dissemination. 
Thanking You, 
For Juniper Hotels Limited 
Sandeep L. Joshi  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: a\a 
Sandeep 
Laxmikant 
Joshi
Digitally signed by 
Sandeep Laxmikant 
Joshi 
Date: 2026.02.16 
18:40:46 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Juniper Hotels Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARUN SARAF – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – JUNIPER HOTELS LIMITED 
 
MR. VARUN SARAF – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
JUNIPER HOTELS LIMITED 
 
MR. TARUN JAITLY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
JUNIPER HOTELS LIMITED 
 

 
 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 and 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Juniper Hotels Limited, hosted by MUFG Intime India Private Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, 
please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Certain statements disclosed in this presentation or that may be disclosed over this call may 
relate to company's growth prospects that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of 
applicable securities laws and regulations. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees 
of future performance as they are subject to known and unknown risks, which are beyond the 
control of the company. 
 
We have with us today, Mr. Arun Saraf, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Varun Saraf, 
Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Tarun Jaitly, the Chief Financial Officer. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Arun Saraf. Thank you, and over to you. 
Arun Saraf: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I am pleased 
to report a record performance of Juniper portfolio in Q3 financial year '26, with the company 
achieving its highest ever quarterly revenue of INR300 crores. Strong sectorial tailwinds, healthy 
demand momentum in our markets and rising ARRs are the key drivers during this quarter.  
Portfolio ARR grew by 9% year-on-year, while a disciplined focus on higher-yielding segments 
and operational efficiencies has driven a 500-basis point expansion in EBITDA margin of 44%. 
Our F&B revenues grew by 25% year-on-year, driven by 39% rise in events during this quarter. 
 
Looking ahead, Juniper's strategy is centred on building a portfolio of high-quality luxury 
hospitality assets in markets where demand visibility, pricing power, long-term return potential 
are structurally strong. Our focus is not on chasing short-term cycles, but on compounding value 
through disciplined capital allocation, asset quality and operational excellence. 
 
Over time, we have been deliberate in aligning our growth with 3 clear pillars: presence in key 
gateway cities, early entry into high-potential emerging destinations and strong bias towards 
luxury and upper upscale positioning. The progress we are seeing this quarter reinforces our 
belief that this strategy is well aligned with the structural shifts underway in India's travel and 
hospitality landscape. 
 
India remains one of the fastest-growing economies with GDP growth of 8.2% in July to 
September period. Rising disposable incomes, improving mobility and young aspirational 
consumer base are steadily expanding the market for our premium experience-led travel. 
Domestic tourism has demonstrated sustained strength over the past 5 years and accounted for 
83.3% of the total travel and tourism expenditure in 2024. 

 
 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Fiscal measures and tax rationalization over recent years have supported household purchasing 
power, thereby shifting consumer preferences towards differentiated luxury experiences. This 
structural premiumization is the core theme of highlighting our long-term outlook and it directly 
supports our portfolio positioning. Public policy continues to play a conducive role. 
 
Government emphasis on connectivity, destination developments, circuit for creation of circuits, 
spanning heritage tourism, Buddhist circuits, eco trains, medical tourism, skill development is 
gradually repositioning India from a high-volume tourism market to high-value one. 
Three initiatives combined with infrastructure investments are converting latent demand into 
sustained and more resilient travel flows. Recent trade developments, including India/EU Free 
Trade Agreement and the India-U.S. trade deal are further expected to support demand push for 
hospitality sector and support increased business travel in India's key commercial centres and 
metros. 
 
Domestic air traffic for financial year '24-'25 for the first 11 months reached 155 million 
passengers, up 7.7% from the previous year, 12.9% higher than pre-COVID levels. This is 
estimated to grow further by 7% to 10% in financial year 2026, reaching 175 million to 180 
million. Delhi, Mumbai, Bengaluru airports presently account for 47.5% of the air traffic share.  
Juniper has established presence in close proximity to these mega airports with these 3 mega 
metro constituting 67% of the existing key count. The location advantage typically translates 
into better occupancy visibility and higher utilization of premium MICE and event spaces. 
 
Indian hospitality market valued at approximately INR32 billion in 2023 is projected to grow at 
a CAGR of 9.4% by 2030. Industry demand is expected to grow at 9% to 10% CAGR, outpacing 
expected room supply conditions. This upcycle benefits the broader sector. The luxury segment 
will benefit disproportionately high. Luxury segment in the metro market is accounting for 76% 
of our revenues and is likely to see limited supply growth of less than 5% of CAGR up to 2030. 
 
The structural demand-supply imbalance is expected to support and drive sustained growth for 
Juniper portfolio and is also an important cornerstone to our future growth strategy. While we 
focus on markets where infrastructure investment unlocks demand, but where asset 
differentiation and execution ultimately determine success. 
 
Let me now turn to our expansion pipeline and progress we are making across the key locations. 
In Bengaluru, phase I 235 keys should commence operations in first quarter of financial year 
'27. And phase II of 270 keys additional approvals is now being processed and construction for 
phase is targeted to commence in financial year '27. Upon completion of phase II, the property 
will comprise of 508 big box hotels. The project is being developed with high capital efficiency 
at an approximate cost of INR1.75 crores per key and is expected to generate strong ROCE. 
 
Bengaluru continues to be a core demand market for us and is also one of the fastest-growing 
markets in India. Our phased development approach allows us to capture existing demand while 
scaling capacity in line with market absorption, which aligns with our capital efficiency 
framework. In Kaziranga, adding 111 keys remain on track. This will be the first luxury offering 
in that market and is being developed in an eco-sensitive manner, representing our eco-luxury 

 
 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
thesis, premium low-impact hospitality that integrates conservation, wildlife experience and 
community engagement. 
 
In Guwahati, the process of getting approvals is underway. Construction is targeted to 
commence by quarter 2 of financial year '27 with 340 keys. Our planned hotel is designed to 
develop culturally rooted luxury, serving both business and long-stay experiential guests and 
vibrant event demand. This fits squarely with our strategy of establishing early leadership 
positions in emerging premium markets. Guwahati is steadily emerging as a gateway to 
Northeast, benefiting from improved air and surface connectivity. 
 
Inauguration by Honourable Prime Minister of Terminal 2 at the existing Guwahati Airport in 
December 2025, with a designated capacity of 13.1 million passengers annually has been nearly 
doubling current throughput, thereby making Guwahati the largest aviation hub in Northeast 
India. Therefore, our developments in Kaziranga and Guwahati enable us to straddle the high 
growth potential of this market. While Guwahati will benefit as a hub, destinations such as 
Kaziranga will drive demand from experiential and eco-luxury space. 
 
Beyond the projects currently underway, we continue to evaluate additional value-accretive 
opportunities. As previously shared, we have secured permission to add 314 keys at our existing 
flagship property, Grand Hyatt Mumbai. Given the relatively lower incremental cost, the 
property's strong average room rate performance, this expansion offers the potential to enhance 
return on capital. We will commence work on this latent opportunity at the right time. 
 
We also hold 2 prime land parcels adjacent to Grand Hyatt Mumbai. We are carefully evaluating 
the optimal development strategy for this site to ensure effective monetization and long-term 
value creation in line with our disciplined approach to capital deployment. Juniper stands on a 
strong foundation with its core business exceptionally well positioned to capture both emerging 
and long-term growth opportunities in the sector. 
We continue to evaluate our assets and product offerings with a clear objective that is to lead 
our competitive landscape. I will now hand over to Mr. Tarun Jaitly, our CFO, who will take 
you through the financial performance for this quarter. Thank you. 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Thank you, Mr. Saraf. Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to now walk you through some 
of the key highlights of the quarter. As mentioned by Mr. Saraf, third quarter fiscal '26 has been 
indeed a record quarter for the company. We have achieved a revenue of INR300 crores, 
reflecting a 15% Y-o-Y growth. The key drivers, as mentioned by Mr. Saraf, remain a very 
healthy ARR growth and a 300-basis points improvement in room occupancy driven by Grand 
Hyatt. 
 
Average portfolio ARR stood at INR12,818, while the average occupancy for the portfolio for 
the quarter was 78%. Our continued focus towards high-yielding customer segments, which are 
transient and groups have contributed to ARR growth of our portfolio, outpacing respective city 
segment concepts. ARR growth for Grand Hyatt has been 7% Y-o-Y, Andaz has grown by 
another 10% Y-o-Y consistently. 

 
 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
And Ahmedabad at 17% Y-o-Y growth in ARR is the star performer for the quarter. Grand Hyatt 
has been the key driver for occupancy during the quarter, as I said, with occupancies growing 
by 300 basis points on a year-on-year basis and the Grand Hyatt occupancy achieved in Q3 was 
75%. 
 
Across the portfolio, we continue to execute our focused strategy of exiting lower-yielding 
contracts and reallocating capacity towards higher ARR and more profitable customer segments, 
which are transients and groups and bridging the ARR comp set gap. We continue to invest into 
our strategy of offering an upgraded and fresher product experience to our customers. 
 
Food and beverage revenues grew sharply by 25% year-on-year to INR94 crores in quarter 3, 
accounting for 32% of the revenue compared to 30% in Q3 fiscal '25. This aligns with our 
continued focus on increasing F&B mix given Hyatt's global strength is in F&B. Events segment, 
a 64% share of F&B in quarter 3 was a key contributor with a 39% Y-o-Y growth. the driver for 
event growth has been Grand Hyatt during the quarter. 
 
Our standard annuity assets also performed consistently, contributing approximately INR42 
crores during the quarter, equivalent to nearly 1.9x our finance cost for the quarter itself. This 
significantly derisks our future business plans and growth. Robust ARR growth and improving 
cost efficiencies have resulted in a healthy 31% year-on-growth in EBITDA to INR132 crores.  
The margin for the quarter is 44%, which is a sharp 500 basis point improvement over the 
corresponding quarter. Importantly, for the 9-month period, Juniper has achieved an EBITDA 
of INR306 crores and EBITDA margin of 40%, something which we have been targeting to 
achieve and mentioned even in the last quarter call. On the cost front, we continue to benefit 
from higher flowthroughs of ARR, cluster-led cost efficiencies, which have reduced our 
consumables. 
And led to increase in F&B departmental profits during the quarter, higher share of renewable 
energy in Andaz and Mumbai. And going forward, we are also looking at implementing that in 
Lucknow and Ahmedabad. And that will continue to support the HLP costs contraction for the 
company as we go forward as a percentage of revenue. 
 
Finally, lower R&M costs during the quarter also supported operating margins. Profit before tax 
for the quarter increased to INR83.5 crores, which is a 92% year-on-year growth during the 
quarter. And we have prudently provided for the impact of Labor Code 2025 and its resultant 
impact on gratuity provision of INR6 crores during the quarter on a consolidated basis. The 
company continues to assess that, and we will see basis on the recommendation what is the final 
position that we take, but we have done a prudent provision in the current quarter. 
 
The profit after tax for the quarter is INR65 crores, represents a 101% growth year-on-year. And 
the tax at INR18.1 crores is being set off against brought forward losses, and therefore, there is 
no cash flow impact of the same. For 9 months, Juniper achieved a PAT of INR91.2 crores, 
which is a 459% Y-o-Y growth. So, this has indeed been a very, very landmark quarter for the 
company. 

 
 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
On the balance sheet front, Juniper remains well capitalized. Net bank debt-to-EBITDA is 1.3 
and the net bank debt stood at INR569 crores. Our average cost of borrowing stands at 8.3%. 
And over the 9-month period, we have repaid INR30 crores of term loans and also repaid down 
INR88 crores of high-cost ECBs. Our cash position remains very healthy. We had, as of 
December 31, INR237 crores in cash & Deposits. 
 
And on the growth front, which Mr. Saraf has already detailed earlier, we expect Bengaluru 
phase 1 opening in Q1 fiscal '27; Kaziranga project is on track, and we expect capex for that to 
start to accrue from fourth quarter of this fiscal year itself. Bengaluru phase 2 and Guwahati 
works are expected to commence by the first half of fiscal '27 with a potential 613 key additions 
by these 2 projects. Thank you. I now request the moderator to open the floor for question and 
answers. 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Capital. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, how is fourth quarter turning out? And how has it been till date? And based on business on 
books, how do you see the entire quarter? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, we continue to see firmness in the market. And we believe that the targets that we set out for 
the year for ourselves, I think we are pretty much on track to achieving them. So, we don't see 
any significant slowdown in any market that we at least operate in. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sure. Sir, is there any opportunity for further expansion in Hyatt Regency Ahmedabad? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
So of course, I think Q4, as you know, is the strongest quarter for the sector. And we believe 
that there are certain operational efficiencies which are there. And Ahmedabad has only 
performed as per the optimal performance that it is expected to in this current quarter. And going 
forward, not only Ahmedabad, we anticipate all the other assets and the larger flagships also to 
continue to maintain the optimal performance. 
Prashant Biyani: 
No, I meant capacity expansion? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, undercurrent in Ahmedabad market continues to be very, very strong, and it has been so for 
the past few quarters. We do not see any sign of any weakness in that. A few quarters ago, there 
were times when Ahmedabad had 98% occupancy despite the expanded rooms. In this current 
quarter, Ahmedabad is at 85% occupancy. 
Varun Saraf: 
This is Varun. This will only strengthen given the way Ahmedabad is focusing on these global 
sports events with the Commonwealth Games already signed up, multiple international sports 
events happening. We believe that the Ahmedabad market demand will remain very strong with 
good ARRs and very, very high and healthy occupancy. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, my question was, can we expand rooms further within Hyatt Regency Ahmedabad? Is there 
a room for that? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Sorry, I think we misunderstood your question. There is no further room for expansion or 
addition of rooms in Ahmedabad in the current context. 

 
 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Prashant Biyani: 
Okay. Sir, we will continue with Marriott for the Bangalore asset? Or what is the way forward? 
Arun Saraf: 
See Bangalore, Marriott, we are in very detailed discussion with Marriott, and we will have 
something more to share in the future. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, how much would be the hotel-wise occupancy for last year Q3? For this 
year, you have shared in the PPT for last year, if you can share, it would be great. 
Tarun Jaitly: 
I mean we don't share the hotel-wise numbers, Prashant. But we do share the luxury and upper 
upscale segments, which is there in the presentation as well. If there are specific questions that 
you have, I'll be happy to answer that for you separately. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Vaibhav M from Haitong Securities. 
Vaibhav M: 
Congratulations on a very strong set of numbers. My first question was on our F&B performance. 
We have delivered a very strong growth of 25% year-on-year. Can you share more color on this, 
how we have achieved a strong F&B growth, which has outpaced the overall room revenue 
growth as well for the quarter? That's my first question. 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Right. So, as I said in my introduction comments, right, F&B has been a good performance in 
the current quarter, it's been driven by Grand Hyatt, where the F&B in Grand Hyatt has grown 
by roughly around 23-plus percent. So Grand Hyatt is a large contributor followed by 
Ahmedabad on the F&B side. 
Varun Saraf: 
Just to add to that, this is the first full season that you're seeing the showroom being operational. 
Last year, it was there. The market was understanding that. And this is something that we built 
about 18 months ago. And this Q3 and Q4 is where the real impact of the showroom will be 
visible, and that's what you're seeing the initial signs of. 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Yes. And again, just to come back to your question, F&B is a traditional strength for Hyatt, and 
we've put that as a focus area for us in the last few quarters. And we are happy to see that is now 
playing out. And F&B as a percentage of revenue should normally trend to around 33%, 34%. 
We are in the last quarter at around 31%. So, there is still room for growth there. 
Vaibhav M: 
So, you think the growth is sustainable going forward in FY '27 for F&B? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Yes, certainly. 
Vaibhav M: 
All right, sir. My next question was on our Bangalore project. I think we have delayed the 
opening by 1 quarter. And earlier, we were targeting Q4 FY '26 opening. Now we have shifted 
it to Q1. Just wanted to understand why there has been a bit of delay over past quarters in 
operationalization of this asset. And secondly, what kind of EBITDA contribution do you expect 
from this asset in FY '27 and '28? And what would be the expected timeline for this asset to scale 
up to an optimum level? 
Varun Saraf: 
So, there is no actual delay in the opening. Where we are today - hotel is undergoing the final 
phases. There will be a soft opening. The approvals need to come in place. The brand needs to 

 
 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
be finalized. And in Q1 of FY '27, the hotel will start generating revenues. And in terms of 
overall first year revenue, I will let Tarun sort of add on that. 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Yes. Thank you, Varun. So just to add to what Varun said, if you remember, we've been sharing 
this with you that we want to optimize that important asset for us. It's a 500 key asset, and it's a 
big one. And we acquired it in a partly developed stage and the configuration of that asset is 
luxury plus segment, which is more fitting with our overall strategy, and we have been engaged 
with Marriott to give us a higher luxury flag than what it is right now. 
 
And those discussions are the only reason where this little bit of time is taken, and we believe it 
is worth 1 or 2 months movement given that we are able to get a better flag for that asset. That's 
the only reason. Otherwise, from a readiness for completion of the project, there is no delay. 
And yes, the approval is the only reason. Otherwise, there is really no delay in construction of 
that asset. So, we're just doing justice to what that asset deserves. 
 
As far as the second bit of your question, again, I would refrain from really giving you specific 
projections, but I would say that in FY '27, we are looking at this asset contributing positively 
to EBITDA upwards of INR25-plus crores. 
Vaibhav M: 
And for FY '28, sir, what would be the range? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
In FY '28 on a stabilized basis, this asset should give you above INR50 crores, INR55 crores. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Samarth Goel from Choice Institutional Equities. 
Samarth Goel: 
Congratulations for the amazing results. So, my question was around the ROFO agreement. So, 
the ROFO agreements, what I understood are part of Saraf Group's promoter assets only. One is 
Hyatt Regency Chennai, which is in Robust Hotel, and one is Hyatt Regency Mumbai, which is 
in Asian East. So, despite this promoter linkage, what are the specific factors causing delay in 
the -- stretching the timelines on ROFO acquisition and consolidation of these assets in Juniper? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, Samarth, the ROFO mechanism is a broad mechanism, not really linked to any specific 
assets, but I'll come to the specifics that you asked. We have already gotten in the past year, 2 
companies, which is Chartered - it was sitting outside of Juniper, and then we also got in 
Kaziranga into Juniper to make Juniper as the flagship. 
So that's point number one. With the name specific assets that you've spoken about, which are 
right now sitting outside of Juniper, these are all individually sitting in their own listed 
companies and they have their own compliances and other issues. As and when we have 
something tangible in that mechanism to share with investors, we would, in the most transparent 
manner, share the same with you at that time. 
Samarth Goel: 
Okay. Any timeline or any next milestones which are a hurdle right now? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Yes, I would not wish to speculate on it, but I will as and when there is some credible 
development that happens, we will share that in a most transparent manner with the investors. 

 
 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Samarth Goel: 
There is another question related to your participation in the CIRP of Gstaad Hotels, then JW 
Marriott in Bangalore. Could you share any current status of the resolution process? And is the 
bid Juniper's favor or is it dead? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, we are one of the resolution applicants for the Gstaad resolution process, which is currently 
underway. It is being driven by the resolution professional managing that. We are in live 
discussions and engaged with the RP and COC. And I would not like to again speculate beyond 
that, but it is an asset that we are keenly looking at. 
Samarth Goel: 
Okay. One last question - what is the ROCE you expect from the Bangalore assets when it is 
stabilized? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, Samarth, that's a speculation. What I can say is that start today, again, from what I understand 
it, and I'm bound by confidentiality. So, on a public platform, I would refrain from giving any 
specific numbers on it. But from a publicly available information that is there with us, it's a 
INR100-plus crores EBITDA asset currently. 
What it can do or what ROCE it will have is again a function of what value it comes in, if it at 
all comes in into Juniper, if we were to win the resolution process. So, there are a lot of steps 
between now and when the final decision of the RP is going to be done. When that happens, we 
will again share that with the investors. 
Samarth Goel: 
Sorry, I mean the Bangalore asset we are currently coming up Marriott one  
Tarun Saraf: 
Okay, understood. So, for our Bangalore asset in phase I and phase II, the Phase I has got the 
cost of land also built in. But if you were to look at it on a holistic manner of 508 keys and all-
in cost for development, this would generate 15% plus ROCE, so it will definitely be ROCE 
accretive for the balance sheet of Juniper. 
Samarth Goel: 
There is one more question at this time. So, there are land parcels adjacent to Grand Hyatt 
Mumbai. And previously, we were creating a new Hyatt there, and then there were some talks 
of commercial leasing. And what is the final -- like is there any definite or final plan we see on 
those land parcels? 
Arun Saraf: 
See, these 2 assets next to Grand Hyatt our priced possession, which do not get counted or 
reflected in our performance. But I can assure you that at this moment, we have engaged top-
class consultants to advise us of how to exploit these opportunities, either in hospitality or 
otherwise. So, we still do not have a very clear decision we have not taken, but these are being 
actively pursued as we talk. We will share with you more information on them once we finalize 
the usage of them and the project cost entailing on that. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Raghav Malik from Jefferies. 
Raghav Malik: 
Congrats on a robust set of results. So firstly, just on the guidance that you gave of 9% to 10% 
sort of demand growth for the industry, where could we expect maybe the Mumbai market to be 
in that? How much lower or in line with that range would that be expected for us? Because for 
the industry actually because for us, I would say that Grand Hyatt and the super transformation 

 
 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
you've done has brought about that big jump in occupancy. But in general, for like demand 
growth for Mumbai, are you seeing it track where in that range, maybe, if you could elaborate? 
Varun Saraf: 
So, the Bombay market remains extremely strong. With Fairmont opening up last year, the 
absorption has been very strong. We have not seen any occupancy dip. Occupancies remained 
steady, if not grown. Rates have grown further. So, we do not see any kind of weakness in the 
Bombay market. I think this is only going to continue. Again, supply is still limited. There's 
nothing that is being planned to come in. 
 
Over the last 3 years, as I mentioned, one was the Fairmont, one was Aurika, all of them came. 
Aurika wasn't even in the luxury segment. And as a growing city, I think the demand will 
continue to outstrip the supply, and we are well positioned to take advantage of that. 
Raghav Malik: 
Sorry, go head. 
Tarun Jaitly: 
I was just saying that adding one more point, we have grown better than the comp set like we 
have for the past year in Mumbai. We've grown better than the comp set in ARRs. And going 
forward, we are embarking on those 2 strategies, right? We are pivoting to focusing on more on 
the high-paying segment. And plus, we are also bridging the gap on the ARR vis-a-vis the 
number 1 in the comp set. So, there is expectation that we will continue to do better from the 
comp set in Mumbai going forward as well. 
Raghav Malik: 
Sure, sure. Understood. And just in terms of the occupancies, like a follow-up in terms of 
occupancies for Grand Hyatt now, would it be like at the normalized level? Or is there still scope 
to increase it with the rooms coming back to market to you guys? 
Varun Saraf: 
Sorry, are you talking about Grand Hyatt Bombay? 
Raghav Malik: 
Yes, Grand Hyatt Mumbai. So, you guys have renovated a bunch of rooms. So, is it now that 
everything is back to the market, like from the perspective of the rooms coming back, is there 
still scope to grow occupancy? Or will it now just be more in line with the market? 
Varun Saraf: 
It's a 547-room asset, right? Occupancy does stabilize at 80% to 82%.  So from that point of 
view, yes, there is some room for growth, but that's where it is. More if you're actually looking 
for upside, I think you have to look more from the rate point of view. I think the rates are still 
subdued. 
If you're going to go see the overall city rate, I think it's still much higher than ours. So, I think 
that's where the top line and the EBITDA will come through. For any incremental increase in 
rate, at this level, I think almost 80% will go down to the bottom line. So, from that point, that's 
what you should be seeing. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Abhay Khaitan from Axis Capital. 
Abhay Khaitan: 
So, my question is on the EBITDA side. So, you've seen very strong growth and very sharp 
expansion in margins this year. We saw that in the previous quarter as well. While some of it 
can be attributed to the fact that there was renovation in the base year. But if you can help us in 

 
 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
breaking down that that how much of the renovation cost in the base and how much was because 
of other expense? 
And within that also, in terms of employee cost also, we see that the total number of manpower 
has increased on a Y-o-Y basis. However, employee cost as a percentage of revenue has actually 
fallen. So, can you also explain that? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, I'll take the second one first. I think we've added the manpower primarily to augment the 
project team because we have large projects that are currently underway, and that will contribute 
to growth. 
 
Coming to your specific question, I think, of course, the rate of revenue growth is much higher 
than the rate of growth of the wages. And hence, there's a reduction on the percentage of revenue 
on the wage bill, and that is what is positive that despite the growth in headcount, we are still 
maintaining the overall wage cost as a percentage of revenue. 
 
On the question on the expansion of margins, we've always said that for a company like ours, 
normative margins have to be in the region of 40%. And I think this quarter has enabled us to 
get back to that 40% normative performance. So, it is not something which is like a one-off. It 
is something which we needed to trend to a normative performance level, which we've done so. 
 
As far as last corresponding quarter of the last year, there was element of one-time, which was 
roughly around INR3 crores of R&M. So, if you have to do that math, I mean, you can add that 
INR3 crores of R&M last quarter corresponding, which is not there in this particular quarter. 
Abhay Khaitan: 
Okay. Got it. Very helpful. My second question is on the ARR growth that we have seen in this 
quarter for the luxury and the upper-upscale segment. So, on the luxury side, I understand Grand 
Hyatt has done slightly ahead of what the comps set has done. But again, is that something -- 
how much of that was driven by the fact that we had also renovations and, therefore, there will 
be some natural uplift from that? So how much did that contribute to the growth? 
 
And secondly, even on the upper-upscale segment, 13% growth is a very strong number. So, can 
you highlight which cities are mostly correspond, which particular assets are contributing more 
towards this high growth? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Sure. So, for Grand Hyatt, that is something which also I mentioned in my comment that we are 
investing into assets to give a better product experience to the consumers. And it's not just limited 
to Grand Hyatt.  Since you mentioned about Grand Hyatt, yes, I mean, the investment that we 
did in Grand Hyatt is enabling us to capture and focus more on the transient. 
And the high-paying group segment and reduce our overall contract business, which is now in 
Grand Hyatt down to less than 6%. So that is one major contributor to the ARR improvement. 
And I think, as Varun said, there is still a significant catch-up with respect to the comp set that 
is required and the room headroom is still there in Mumbai. Going to the second question on the 
upper upscale, the key contributor there is Ahmedabad, which has seen, as I said, 17% plus 
growth in ARR. 

 
 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Hitesh Arora from Abakkus. 
Hitesh Arora: 
I just wanted to get a sense of what is the capex we are looking to do in FY '27 and FY '28? 
Some estimate would be helpful, please. 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Yes. So just give me a second, I'll give you the exact numbers. So, as I said, Kaziranga is the 
one which is getting under construction, and then we have Bengaluru itself, which will come in 
phase II. So, from FY '27, the capex that we are projected to do is roughly around INR274 crores. 
And in FY '28, roughly INR525 crores. This covers the projects that we have disclosed, which 
is essentially Bengaluru phase 2, Kaziranga and also Guwahati. 
Hitesh Arora: 
And this capex, we should think we fund by via debt? Or do you think we need to raise more 
quickly? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Yes. From a source’s perspective, right, Hitesh, we are sitting on roughly INR200-plus crores 
of cash, and we are generating a gross cash of roughly around INR300 crores every year as we 
go forward. So, I think most of this will get funded through robust cash flows. And then on top 
of it, we also have significant headroom for debt if we were to take that decision because we are 
right now on net bank debt to EBITDA, we are just at 1.3. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. 
Lokesh Manik: 
My compliments to the team for the execution of the strategies outlined in the past few quarters. 
My first question was actually broader and more from a 3- to 5-year perspective. Arun, sir, where 
does Hyderabad sit in your entire strategy? That's the missing piece in the puzzle, do you think 
so? And any outlook on that would be great if you're planning any properties out there? 
Arun Saraf: 
See, I will tell you, Hyderabad is definitely on our radar and it's on our priority list. And we did 
engage on certain assets, which I won’t be able to share with you on an open platform. And we 
will continue to look for ready build asset if there is any coming into the market or even 
greenfield or brownfield opportunity in Hyderabad. This is definitely on our radar screen number 
1. 
Lokesh Manik: 
And any development on the properties towards Navi Mumbai side, the second new airport that's 
coming? 
Arun Saraf: 
See, we continue to look at the new airport of Navi Mumbai, which is in the medium term really 
a good opportunity, and we are at this moment actively looking for opportunity in that vicinity. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Hope to hear some good news on those 2 fronts, sir, going ahead. 
Arun Saraf: 
Absolutely, sir. If you have anything in your portfolio that somebody is trying to sell, please do 
approach us. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Will do sir. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Sourabh Gilda from JM Financial. 

 
 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Just wanted to get a sense on how January has panned out 
and what sort of visibility do we have for Feb, March for Q4. 
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, as I said, we are seeing the basic variables continue to remain firm, and we are on track of 
achieving our guidance that we had set out for ourselves for the full FY '26. So, all the variables 
remain positive over the next 3 months. We will continue to show healthy growth Y-o-Y even 
in this quarter. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Juhi from Arihant Capital. 
Juhi: 
Congratulations for the numbers. My question is that it was noted that the company has utilized 
brought forward losses, which acted as tax shield against the current profit. So how many more 
quarters do you expect this tax benefit to support your bottom line? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Yes. So, Juhi, we have today more than INR1,000 crores of tax shield. And given our growth 
trajectory and very high-performance levels that we anticipate the company to achieve over the 
next few years, it should hold good for zero tax status for at least the next 3 years. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Varun from Samarth Capital. 
Varun: 
In the last con call, you had mentioned that -- and given an update on the Hyatt Regency Mumbai 
that the construction is on track. Can you also update the status on the same? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Sorry, could you repeat that? I just lost you. I couldn't hear you clearly. 
Varun: 
Yes. I was saying in the previous con call, sir, you had given an update that the Hyatt Regency 
Mumbai asset acquisition and construction is on track, and you would expect there's no change 
in the timelines as far as the operationalization of that asset is concerned. Can you share an 
update on the same? And also, from a ROFO asset perspective, we do understand that you have 
to clarify the timeline constraints around it, but is it broadly in line with the original timelines? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Well, as I said, Varun, I mean, from the perspective of Juniper today, when we have a credible 
update to share, we will be the first ones to share that on a very transparent basis. But you have 
to appreciate these are individually listed companies, and that is one of the key factors that I 
would want to defer the discussion to the time that we have something credible to share on those. 
Varun: 
Got it. And overall, for the market as a whole, especially in Mumbai, how do you see the ARR 
trends over the next 3 to 4 years? How do you see the demand and supply trends shaping up? 
And what do you expect that to result in, in terms of ARR growth? 
Varun Saraf: 
So, the market will continue to remain very strong in Bombay in the next 3 to 5 years. As of 
now, if you go back in the market into the supply side is still going to be limited with 1, maybe 
2 assets coming in the next 3 to 5 years. We believe the luxury segment will continue to perform 
well. And in terms of rate, I think there is probably still further upside on the rates as well. 
If you see the luxury segment is anywhere about 15,000-odd as per the numbers, I think this 
15,000 still has upside. If you see in dollar terms, it's probably still $150 comparing it to other 

 
 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
large cities in the region. So, there is still upside there. And I believe the demand will remain 
very, very strong, and there is good upside on the average rates as well going forward. 
Varun: 
Got it. And one last question. You mentioned that you're also evaluating acquisitions and you've 
shared about Gstaad in Bangalore. From an acquisition perspective, is there multiples that we 
are okay with in terms of premium to replacement cost or we're looking for discount to 
replacement cost? Are there benchmarks that you have in mind for ROCE or multiples that you 
anchor yourself on as you think through acquisition and greenfield strategy? 
Varun Saraf: 
Each asset has to be reviewed on its own merit. I will not be able to share what our thresholds 
are. But each and every opportunity will be evaluated. If it is value accretive for Juniper, we will 
acquire that. And our prudence and capital allocation strategy remains intact. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Raghav Malik from Jefferies. 
Raghav Malik: 
So, I just wanted to ask you about the Delhi property. So, for Andaz, given that there's this big 
AI Summit happening right now, is there like a very sharp jump that we can expect in ARRs? 
And what kind of occupancy would it be tracking at currently, maybe for the next week or this 
week? 
Varun Saraf: 
So, this is ongoing in Delhi, right, whether it's a large investor conference driven by 
Yashobhoomi or the AI or a foreign regulatory coming in, Delhi supply is also very limited if 
you actually want to look at it. Aerocity is what sitting at 85%, 88% occupancy around. There 
is leisure business coming into Delhi. So, Delhi remains extremely strong. 
And it will continue to see global events happening on a regular basis. With the 2 large 
convention centres run by the government, the Bharat Mandapam and the Yashobhoomi, that 
will continue to drive. So, you will find this month-on-month an event happening, and there will 
be spikes and there will be a good trajectory. Sorry, go ahead. 
Arun Saraf: 
Yes. And this is one of the reasons we are scouting for more properties in Delhi, both greenfield, 
brownfield, and we are actively looking at adding more properties in that micro market, as 
mentioned earlier, Navi Mumbai, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad. 
Raghav Malik: 
Sure, sir. And for the Bangalore property, just on a maybe normalized peer set basis, like what 
is the average ARR that we can expect when normalized? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
So given the market there and there are also current benchmarks for Marriott in that particular 
micro market, we believe this asset starting ARR could be north of INR14,000. 
Raghav Malik: 
North of INR14,000. Okay. And sorry, if I can just squeeze one last question in. So, for prima 
facie, but for FY '29, there seems to be a very sharp increase in keys. So, is that a very fixed 
timeline even for those 500 unnamed keys so far in terms of the kind of jump in keys that we'll 
be seeing?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
Yes. Sorry, Raghav, I'm just cutting you. We are aggressively working on the brownfield and 
greenfield acquisitions. We are not looking at adding a bunch of 50 key assets, right? I mean our 

 
 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
ethos is to focus on big box assets. That is what really makes sense for us. And I think even one 
asset potentially can fulfil that obligation. 
Raghav Malik: 
And would it be right to assume that there could be like a debt increase in that particular year 
then, a sharp increase just to make up for that? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
If we do decide and again, there are a lot of variables, as I said, our operating cash flows remain 
very strong. So, it is also a function of what other things we are doing. But let's say, 
hypothetically, if we keep the operating cash flow aside and if we were to leverage at that point 
in time, there would be a short spike in the leverage, but we would also even then make sure that 
we don't breach the prudent gearing EBITDA to debt ratio of 2.5x. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question for the day. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Arun Saraf: 
Thank you very much. I want to extend my sincere gratitude to all our stakeholders, all people 
who are present on this call, our shareholders, partners, our employees and, most importantly, 
our guests for their continued trust and support in Juniper Hotels. Together, we are navigating 
one of the most exciting phases of India's hospitality journey. Our vision remains clear to 
redefine luxury hospitality in India while creating enduring value for all our stakeholders. Thank 
you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Juniper Hotels Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
