 
 
 
SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd. 
Registered and Corporate Office: Natraj, M.V. Road and Western Express Highway Junction 
Andheri (East), Mumbai 400 069. Tel.: (022) 6191 0000/ 3968 0000 
IRDAI Regn. No. 111. CIN: L99999MH2000PLC129113 
www.sbilife.co.in 
 
February 03, 2026                                                                    SBIL/CS/NSE-BSE/2526/172 
 
Vice President                      
 
                                 General Manager 
Listing Department,  
 
 
 
                      Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
 
           BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza,  
 
 
 
 
                      Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block, BKC, 
 
 
 
           Dalal Street,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051                                            Mumbai 400001 
NSE Symbol: SBILIFE                                                             BSE Scrip Code: 540719 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call for Q3 of FY 2025-26 
 
This is in continuation to our intimation letter ref. No.: SBIL/CS/NSE-BSE/2526/165 dated 
January 22, 2026 and in compliance with the provision of Regulation 30 read with  
Schedule III (Part A) (Para A) (15) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose transcript of the earnings conference call 
held on Wednesday, January 28, 2026. 
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call with analysts and institutional investors is 
also hosted on the Company's website at www.sbilife.co.in 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
 
Girish Manik 
Company Secretary 
ACS No. 26391  
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
Girish 
Mahesh 
Manik
Digitally signed 
by Girish Mahesh 
Manik 
Date: 2026.02.03 
19:25:38 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“SBI Life Insurance Company Limited Q3 FY'26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
Mr. Amit Jhingran – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer  
Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi – President and Chief Financial Officer  
                          Mr. Abhijit Gulanikar – President, Business Strategy 
                          Mr. Subhendu Bal – President and Chief Risk Officer 
                          Mr. Prithesh Chaubey – President and Appointed Actuary 
                          Ms. Smita Verma – Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
Q3 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then 
‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Jhingran – Managing Director and CEO, 
SBI Life for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Amit Jhingran: 
Good afternoon, everyone. It is a pleasure to welcome you all to the results update call 
of SBI Life Insurance for the period ended December 31st, 2025. We appreciate and 
thank you for your valuable time and efforts in analyzing the results and participating in 
the earnings call. Updates on our financial results are available on our website as well 
as the websites of both the stock exchanges. 
Along with me, Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi – President and CFO, Abhijit Gulanikar – 
President (Business Strategy), Subhendu Bal – President and Chief Risk Officer, 
Prithesh Chaubey – President and Appointed Actuary and Smita Verma – Senior Vice 
President (Finance and Investor Relations) are present. 
The life insurance industry witnessed improved momentum during the 3rd Quarter, 
supported by recent regulatory measures and a gradual shift in customer preference 
towards protection-oriented products. The exemption of GST on individual policies 
contributed to improved affordability and added demand during the quarter. We have 
achieved significant milestone that underscores the strength and scale of our business. 
Our assets under management, the AUM, surpassed INR 5 trillion i.e. INR 5 lakh crores, 
reflecting sustained customer confidence and long-term value creation driven by 
disciplined execution. 
In December, SBI Life outperformed the overall industry on an IRP basis driven by 
volume growth and higher individual policy sales, while in Q3 the company led the 
private life insurance segment with a 68 basis points gain. Besides, it achieved a 192 
basis point gain on a total-rated premium basis, reinforcing its strong market position 
and competitive performance. This performance reflects the resilience, operational 
efficiency, and productivity across all our distribution channels, agency, bancassurance, 
direct, and digital. As customer needs continue to evolve, SBI Life remains focused on 
innovation and strengthening its offerings to drive sustainable growth and long-term 
value for all stakeholders. 
 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Now let me give you some key highlights for the period ended 31st December 
2025: 
New Business Premium stands at INR 313.3 billion with a 19% growth and a private 
market share of 23.5%. Individual-rated New Business Premium IRP stands at INR 
166.8 billion with a growth of 15% and a private market share of 25.6%. Gross Written 
Premium stands at INR 733.5 billion with a growth of 20%. Our profit after tax grew by 
4% to INR 16.7 billion as compared to the corresponding period last year. 
Value of New Business stands at INR 50.4 billion with a growth of 17%. VONB Margin 
stands at 27.2% for the period ended 31st December 2025 with a gain of 34 basis points. 
Indian Embedded Value for the company as on December 31, 2025 stands at INR 801.3 
billion. Our Assets Under Management stands at INR 5.1 trillion with a growth of 16% 
over the corresponding period last year. Solvency Ratio of 1.91 as against the 
regulatory requirement of 1.50. 
We will now update you on each of the key parameters in detail: 
Let me start with the premium: 
Individual-rated premium stands at INR 166.8 billion with a YOY growth of 15%. While 
retaining our leadership position with a 25.6% private market share and an 18.6% total 
market share, it grew by 14.4% with a three-year CAGR, outperforming the industry 
average of 10.4%. Total New Business premium is INR 313.3 billion with private market 
share of  23.5% and total market share stands at 10.1%. 
Group New Business premium stands at INR 87.8 billion with a contribution of 28% in 
new business premium. Renewal premium grew by 21% to INR 420.2 billion which 
accounts for 57% of the gross written premium. To sum up, gross written premium 
stands at INR 733.5 billion with a growth of 20% over corresponding previous period. 
APE stands at INR 185.2 billion registering a growth of 16%. Out of this, individual APE 
stands at INR 168.8 billion with a growth of 15%. 
During the period ended December 31st, 2025, total 16.5 lakh new policies covering 
18.3 million lives were underwritten. The growth in sum-assured reflects strong 
consumer confidence and rising awareness of financial protection. Individual and group 
new business sum-assured increased by 74% and 67% respectively compared to the 
same period last year, while rider sum-assured has grown significantly now contributing 
30% of the individual sum-assured. 
Let me give you details about the product mix: 
For nine months period of FY2026, guaranteed non-par savings are contributing 18% 
on individual APE basis while ULIP stands at INR 114.3 billion contributing 68% versus 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
72% last year for the same period. Protection business contributes 9% of APE and 
stands at INR 16.6 billion. We continue to maintain a strong focus on the protection 
business which remains a key pillar of our growth strategy. The protection segment 
recorded robust performance with a 24% year-on-year growth on an APE basis. 
Individual protection APE is at INR 6.4 billion with a growth of 21% as compared to nine-
month FY'25. It is noteworthy that the pure protection category saw strong growth of 
98% on an individual APE basis reflecting rising awareness and demand for 
comprehensive financial protection while the individual sum-assured in the protection 
segment grew by 87%. 
Group protection APE stands at INR 10.2 billion with a strong growth of 25%. Credit life 
APE has grown by 20% and stands at INR 2.1 billion. GTI APE has grown by 27% 
standing at INR 8.1 billion. Individual APE for participating products stands at INR 12.3 
billion with an exceptional growth of 116% year-on-year. 
Our recently launched product Smart Money Back Plus has garnered a premium of INR 
5.6 billion. Traction in individual non-par saving products on APE basis continues and 
witnessed growth of 20%. Retirement plans assist customers in building a substantial 
corpus of fund to maintain the desired lifestyle and manage expenses in their golden 
years. Total annuity and pension new business underwritten by the company is INR 
64.1 billion. 
Moving to update on our distribution partners: 
With a strength of more than 58,000 CIFs, the Bancassurance business of SBI and 
RRBs contribute 62% of the total APE. On an individual APE basis, it stands at INR 
112.3 billion reflecting growth of 16%. SBI branch productivity on individual APE terms 
stands at INR 6.4 million for this period, registering a growth of 15%. Banks other than 
SBI Group are also growing at 24% on total APE basis. As on 31st December 2025, 
agency individual APE stood at INR 48.8 billion, growing 11% with agent productivity at 
INR 3 lakh. The channel witnessed a shift in product mix. Non-ULIP share increased 
from 31% to 37% for a nine-month period. Supported by robust 86% growth in agency 
individual sum issued, the company added over 94,000 agents on a gross basis. 
We have opened 66 new branches this year. This expansion is aligned with our vision 
to create infrastructure that supports the long-term development of our agency channel. 
The other channels, direct corporate agents, brokers, online and web aggregators, for 
nine months grew by 33% and contributed 11% of total APE. Non-par-business growth 
through other channels registered growth of 32% on individual APE basis. We are 
investing in building our online business channel and for nine months this channel has 
grown by 45% on APE basis. 
 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
Coming to updates on profitability: 
Our financial performance reflects the impact of GST and revised labor law. Taking 
these factors into account, the Company's profit after tax for the period ended 31 
December 2025 stood at INR 16.7 billion, representing a 4% growth over the 
corresponding period last year. Excluding this impact, the profit after tax for the period 
ended 31st December 2025 would have been INR 21.5 billion with a growth of 34%. 
Our solvency remained strong at 1.91 as against regulatory requirement of 1.50. Value 
of new business stood at INR 50.4 billion, reflecting 17% growth with a margin of 27.2% 
for the period ended 31st December 2025, up from 26.9% in nine-month FY25 driven 
by both volume growth and favorable shift in product mix. The margin is reported after 
accounting for the impact of GST. Excluding this impact, the VONB margin would have 
stood at 28.3% with a gain of 140 bps. In Q3 FY26, VONB reached INR 22.9 billion, 
registering a 22% increase over the same quarter last year. Embedded value for the 
Company as on December 31st, 2025, stands at INR 801.3 billion with a growth of 18% 
over the corresponding period. OPEX ratio stands at 6.2% and Total Cost Ratio stands 
at 11.2% for the period ended December 31st, 2025, as compared to 5.3% and 10.2% 
respectively for the period ended December 31, 2024. 
With respect to persistency of individual regular premium, 13th month persistency 
stands at 87.1% with an improvement of 101 bps. While there has been a slight decline 
in other cohorts during the current period, we remain confident that persistency will 
improve by the end of the year. As mentioned in my opening remarks, Assets Under 
Management stands at INR 5.12 trillion as at December 31st, 2025, having a growth of 
16%. Death Claim Settlement Ratio stands at 99.3% for this period. Our Mis-Selling 
Ratio stands at 0.02%, which is one of the lowest in the private industry and this is 
achieved through our consistent approach adopted by the Company to ensure right 
selling to the customers. 
Digitalization is transforming the life insurance industry, enabling us to deliver enhanced 
services and a more seamless experience for our customers. As we embrace this digital 
transformation, we remain committed to innovation and excellence, ensuring that we 
stay ahead in an increasingly competitive landscape. The Company continues efficient 
usage of technology for simplification of processes, with 99.7% of the individual 
proposals being submitted digitally. 58% of the individual proposals are processed 
through automated underwriting. 
In conclusion: 
By embedding resilience and continuous improvement at the core of our culture and by 
strategically strengthening our key channels, we are well positioned for sustained 
growth. Our unwavering commitment to delivering exceptional customer service not 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
only deepens client relationships but also reinforces our reputation as a trusted and 
leading force in the market. 
Thank you all and now we are happy to take any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Our 
first question comes from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Hi, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. Good set of numbers considering the GST 
level code impact, the kind of consistent margins and a very strong VNB growth, 
particularly in the quarter. That's kind of a great achievement. First is particularly a bit I 
would like to know on product mix. So, in the current environment where there has been 
a kind of a repo rate cut that leads to deposit rates going down, but bond yields kind of 
holding or inching up, typically a non-par savings growth one would have expected to 
be better or rather stronger than the overall growth. But at least in the quarter it has not 
been. So, what's happening there, I mean, that is kind of a hampering the demand of 
non-par in the market, I mean, your experience. And secondly, slightly unrelated, 
solvency at 191% is far, far above, I would say, the regulatory requirement of 150%. 
But typically in your embedded value assumption and all, I guess, management 
threshold is 180% odd. So, do you see, I mean, this solvency and organic profit 
generation to be sufficient enough for you to allow a strong growth across product 
segment like, say, whatsoever product is growing, maybe protection non-par. So, I 
mean, do you see any sort of a limitation coming from that side that can kind of lead to 
some optimization on product or rather your solvency or capital is totally adequate to 
provide a strong growth across the products? So, these are two questions. Thank you. 
Management: 
Thank you, Avinash, for your appreciation. So, product mix, as far as you were talking 
about non-par growth, so I would like to highlight that on IRP basis, the growth in pure 
non-par products, excluding protection, is 10%. Protection has grown by 44%. The 
numbers of non-par could have been better, but during the quarter, we launched our 
participating product, Moneyback, and a lot of our distributors got diverted to that new 
product, and it showed very strong growth. So, if you look at the non-par & par combined 
growth, it has been much better than our overall IRP growth. As far as solvency is 
concerned, yes, it has slightly come down in the H1 numbers, but then that is also a 
result of our product mix. A lot of protection is being written, and if you look at the total 
sum assured that has been written by the Company, we are one of the highest with 
more than 74% growth on total sum assured. That is having some impact on the 
solvency. But at 1.91, we are comfortable, and we are very sure that going forward in 
the short term, this will continue to support our growth. 
Avinash Singh: 
Thank you. And just a quick follow-up. If I were to see the labor code impact or GST 
impact, everything now particularly is already in numbers, and also in product mix terms, 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
typically, I mean, par have done or other outgrown non-par. So, all these factors are 
already in base. So, is it safe to kind of assume that going ahead, the margins typically 
would be better than where it has been in the quarter? Is it a safe kind of assumption? 
Management: 
No, as far as margin is concerned, we are very happy that the guidance that we had 
provided of between 26% and 28%, we have been able to maintain that at the middle 
range of that. As far as GST impact is concerned, see that impact is going to continue 
because the business will be there and commission payment will be there. The GST 
payment on that commission will continue to be there. But by our internal processes, 
by strengthening our product mix, our distribution mix and having leverage on our other 
operational expenses, etc., we have been able to maintain the margin as per our 
guidance. So, we continue to stick to our guidance of between 26% and 28% in the 
coming quarter also. 
Avinash Singh: 
Got it. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Hi. Congrats on a great set of numbers. Just coming to the channel performance, how 
do you see the SBI as a channel growing from here on? It's been showing a very strong 
momentum in the last few months. Do you see this momentum getting stronger going 
ahead? How should we think about SBI as a channel and what are the kind of levers 
we have there to grow this business more aggressively? 
Management: 
So, as far as channel mix is concerned, we are happy that our overall growth number 
that the guidance that we had provided of about 13%-14%, we have been able to 
maintain that and slightly maybe even better than the guidance. Within the channel mix, 
different channels have their seasonality and third quarter specifically has always been 
very good for SBI Life. There is some good traction being seen in the SBI also of late 
and we are very sure that in the 4th Quarter also, we will be able to maintain our overall 
growth number as per our guidance of 13%-14% and within that, all the channels are 
performing as per our expectations. 
Prayesh Jain: 
The 13%-14% guidance is for the full year APE growth? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Prayesh Jain: 
So, what would be your thought process with respect to say now we are already into 
the 10th month of this year, how do you see the next year shaping up from a growth 
perspective? 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Management: 
So, there is good traction being seen in the last quarter. As a company and as a player 
in the industry, we hope that this trend noticed in the last quarter will continue for some 
time this quarter and in the coming year also. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. So, second question is on the cost ratios, while we are among the best in the 
industry, by far the best in the industry, but we have seen this increasing, the total cost 
ratio has gone up to about 11.2% in 9 months. I am sure there will be some implications 
of GST and labor laws in it. But as you said, the GST impact is going to be there and 
by labor law could be one time, but how do we see this cost ratios going ahead? Do we 
see this topping out at anywhere close to current levels or do you think this will continue 
to increase? 
Management: 
You see the product mix is also one of the factors for the cost ratio. As you rightly said, 
GST and the labor code impact has also been there. Going forward, I think we will 
continue to maintain in the same range plus minus approximately. 
Management: 
We have to differentiate between operating cost and commission. Operating cost, like 
MD said, we will continue to maintain and if our product mix further improves, there 
could be some increase in commission ratio, but that is part of the overall mix. So, that 
should not matter. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. So, last question, anything on, there have been a lot of discussions going around 
with respect to commission capping in the industry. Any thoughts that you want to share 
on this one? 
Management: 
So, we continue to be the lowest cost operator in the industry and we are ready for any 
kind of changes, if any, coming from the regulator side on the commission front. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Madhukar Lada from JPMorgan. 
Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Lada: 
Hi, good evening. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have a couple of 
questions. First on the VNB margin, I think in the first half call you had mentioned that 
ceteris paribus the impact of GST is about 175 basis points. That would be sort of on a 
full year basis compared to like FY'25 full year margins. I wanted to get a sense that 
now that this quarter is over, what would that number be? And, what is the sort of benefit 
that we have got because of a better product mix in 3Q? So, if I were to just look at 3Q 
margins, where are we tracking in terms of the impact of just the 3Q margins, just GST 
on the 3Q margins? And second, so when I look at, protection growth, so versus peers, 
our individual protection growth has been lower. And in this environment, because of 
the GST cut, etc., one would expect like even stronger protection growth. So, what's 
the thought process over there? And how are you sort of looking at protection over next 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
couple of years, if we can see further acceleration happening over there? Lastly, for 
these new labor laws, can you quantify what is the impact? I may have missed that in 
your opening remarks. And have you accounted for this impact in your EV disclosure 
that you have given? Those would be my three questions. Thanks. 
Management: 
So, I will come to your second question first. The protection growth for the year on the 
IRP basis has been 26.1%. And including group also, we have seen some good 
protection growth in credit life, 27% plus. So, overall, the protection growth is better than 
the Company's overall growth numbers. Our focus on protection products, as you must 
have noticed, we have launched several products in last one year in the protection 
segment and very competitively priced. Our protection product on the YONO channel 
is also giving us very good numbers. We have sold more than 1.5 lakh policies in last 
nine months in this financial year. So, the focus on protection continues to be there. As 
far as impact of new labor laws is concerned, it is 135 crores, which has been accounted 
for in our profitability statement. And yes, this has also been counted under the EV 
calculation. Now, regarding VONB margin, I will request our Chief Actuary Mr. Pritesh 
Chaubey to respond. Thanks, sir. 
Management: 
Margin front, what we explained last time that the full year impact will be 175 basis point. 
And that we primarily will try to get offset by the better product mix. If I look into this 
quarter, the full year business impact is around 150 basis point. And this is coming 
because you might have noticed that there is slightly increase in the ULIP mix and that 
part. But that also helps us to get lesser impact on the GST. So, if you look at YTD 
basis, it's 110 basis point. So, we are still holding up that by the end of the year, most 
of the impact will get offset by the better product mix and maybe left with 30-40 basis 
point, not more than that at the end of the year. 
Madhukar Lada: 
Got it. And just one follow up. We are seeing a reduction in persistency in the 25th, 37th, 
61st month a little bit. Any comments on that and have we assumed enough or do we 
have some margin of error over there or would that result in some negative operating 
experience? 
Management: 
There is no concern at all in the persistency is concerned. We have got a very good 
strong growth in our renewal premiums, almost 20%-21%. If you see the 13-month 
persistency also has shown the growth better as compared to the previous numbers. 
Only the 61st month persistency which has come down, which previously also we have 
communicated that this is the COVID cohort, which is going to hit this year. This is going 
to be the last cohort, which we are expecting. 25th month and the 37th month, it is just 
a marginal, which we are very hopeful that it will cover up in the current quarter itself. 
And 49-months, we are very clear that it is going to be positive. So, we do not have any 
issue at this moment as far as the persistency is concerned across cohorts. 
Madhukar Lada: 
Got it, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers and all the best. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus 
Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, if I understood right, you said in 2Q, annualized 
impact was 175 bps on the margin due to GST, which you cut it down to 150. And by 
end of the full year, the impact should not be on annualized basis more than 30-40 basis 
points. That is the way you are trying to tell, sir? 
Management: 
The impact net of this product mix will be nothing more than 30-40 basis points. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. So, basically, compared to the last year, if you do not make any assumption 
changes, which you typically do in the 4th Quarter, then the margin for the Company will 
be 30-40 basis point lower compared to the last year. That is the way I need to 
understand, right? 
Management: 
Yes, that is correct. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. And actually, assumption changes which will play out in 4th Quarter will probably 
add or maintain the margins, maybe, hopefully. 
Management: 
Yes, that will come back another year in. 
Management: 
It will also depend on the product mix. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. And the second question, sir, is on the growth. So, basically, if I look last 
three odd years, the 4th Quarter is typically 20%-22% lower compared to the third 
quarter. Maybe that was not the case pre-COVID. I just wanted to understand that the 
trend will continue because sales typically get upfronted more in 3Q. So, is it fair to say 
that in 4th Quarter, your growth will be 20% kind of lower compared to 3Q? 
Management: 
So, as far as growth is concerned, for the entire year, we had given a guidance of 13%-
14%. And we continue to stick to that for the entire financial year also. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. So, which means that you are already at 16% growth in 9 months. So, 
if you don't beat the guidance, then it's like 10%-11% growth for the 4th Quarter. I am 
assuming that number will be a little conservative. So, I just wanted to understand that 
point. 
Management: 
No, we will definitely be much better than 10%-11% if you look at the individual quarter. 
But overall guidance for the year remains at 14%. 
Management: 
But saying that, 3 will remain our biggest quarter in absolute numbers. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Sanketh Godha: 
So, basically, 4th Quarter should be a little bit smaller than the 3rd Quarter in that sense? 
Management: 
Yes, absolute number, yes. 
Management: 
Absolute number, yes. But the growth numbers are different than the absolute numbers. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. And if you can quantify the guidance for 2027, if you have already 
started working on budget, that will be useful. And second question is, now you are the 
only company among all the listed names, even the recently listed names, you don't 
have any exposure to deferred annuity. So, any thoughts you have on maybe growing 
the annuity business by launching a deferred annuity? Because now entire industry has 
launched it. So, just wanted to understand your thoughts on that particular product? 
Management: 
So, on the deferred annuity, we have already working on that. So, we will do that just to 
get this. So, we have one product. So, as of now, this is not that we don't have deferred 
annuity. We have deferred annuity, but that is on single premium. And what we realize 
that people are looking for the more limited pay kind of deferred annuity. So, we are 
working on that and hopefully we will go and launch those products as well. 
Management: 
And annuity is 36% for annuity business, individual annuity in this quarter, with single 
annuity on rated basis. So, annuity is seeing good traction even without the regular pay 
deferred product. 
Sanketh Godha: 
So, the reason I am asking, sir, is that this typically, it is believed that regular pay 
deferred annuity has a superior margin. And maybe the growth could have been much 
more accelerated if you would have had that product in your kitty. So, from that 
perspective, I am just asking any thoughts or fundamentally, you believe that a regular 
pay deferred annuity is not a great product and therefore, it cannibalizes into non-profit 
and that's why you don't want to launch it. 
Management: 
No, no. We are working on that and we will launch that. So, not a question. 
Management: 
It is not that if we don't have one product, then our growth is suffering because of that. 
We continue to take advantage of all available market opportunities and if something is 
missing from our arsenal, we have definite reasons for that and we continue to work on 
those reasons and introduce appropriate product at appropriate time. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. And maybe if you can, if you're working on the budget, '27 numbers, if 
you can guide. And lastly, you gave rider numbers for the individual sum assured, which 
is 30%, but if I want to check on ULIPs, what is your rider adjustments on premium 
basis or in policy count, I mean to say? 
Management: 
Policy count, it is approximately 35% to 40%. Premium, we don't look into because if 
you see the most of the saving product to compare rider, premium doesn't stand out, 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
but we are more than happy and we are trying to improve further this attachment, rider 
attachment. And 35%, 40%, our objective is to improve from there. This also indicates 
that how riders are important for the customer to provide the protection, which is the 
sole objective for any insurance company right now. 
Management: 
As far as FY'27 guidance is concerned, we are still working on the numbers. We have 
seen very good traction in the last quarter and we are keeping very close watch and 
how these one or two months of this quarter pan out and you will have to wait a bit for 
the final guidance for the next financial year. But I will assure that it will not be lower 
than what we are currently growing at. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Perfect, understood. Thanks for your answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL. 
Please go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions. One is this quarter, the amount 
of par that we have sold is almost more than what we have sold the entire last year or 
last four quarters. So, just wanted to understand, I mean, what is driving this, right? I 
mean, is there a specific push towards this product because it was easier to absorb 
some of the GST impact here or how do we look at it if it is a one-off and then it will 
drop down to the normal rate going forward? 
Management: 
This is a par portfolio, as we earlier also mentioned, even if see calls earlier as well. We 
are continually revamping our product suite and the last year when the regulation came, 
our priority was to prioritize annuity product and non-par and protection and 
subsequently we are having less par products. There are significant demand in the 
market for par particularly for the child segment and the money back. So, this year we 
have launched both the products, one on the child segment, other in the limited pay 
money back par and other is the regular pay money back. So, this product, it was a lot 
of requirement from our field force from the last 15 to 18 months that we have launched. 
They were delayed from our side but when the product has gone, there is a lot of traction 
and that's the reason we see the growth in the par business. But if you look at the 
absolute, if you just ignore this growth but if you look at the composition of the par in 
our portfolio, it still is much lower. So, you may see the growth in the par going forward 
but this is our product management approach that we have finalized two years back 
and working on including the riders and there is nothing linked with the GST for the 
growth of the par. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood, sir. The second question is on solvency. So, it is now in this quarter at a 
multi-year low and we have a potential dividend announcement coming in 4Q when we 
typically see 10 to 15 percentage point for the drop in solvency. So, how do we look at 
that and any need for capital requirement if any that could lead to? 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Management: 
As far as our dividend distribution is concerned, we follow a principle which we are 
constantly following for the last few years. As far as the solvency is concerned, I think 
if you see it hovers between 192 to 202. So, we are pretty comfortable on this range 
and as far as business, the way we have been doing and the product mix is shifting, 
there was anticipated that there would be some kind of pressure on the solvency. But 
we are quite confident that our back books as well as our business growth which we 
are anticipating in the next quarter, we do not see any pressure on the solvency per se 
towards the declaration of dividend is concerned. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood sir. And just one last clarification. I am sorry to repeat this question one of 
the other analysts had also asked. Nine months we have grown 16%. Our guidance for 
full year is 13% to 14%. So, that implies that 4Q growth will be 10% at the higher end 
and 4Q last year was not a strong growth year for us. So, even the base is quite 
favorable. So, is there anything that we are missing out or is just that we do not want to 
revise the guidance at this point of time because otherwise it will mean a reasonable 
slowdown in growth next quarter? 
Management: 
No, I am very sure that too much should not be read into these numbers. As far as full 
year growth is concerned, we had given a guidance and there is no point in revising 
that guidance at the end of 10th month. So, I am sure that you will be seeing that we 
meet our guidance with a positive bias. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Fair enough sir, that is clear. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vinod Rajamani from Nirmal Bang. 
Please go ahead. 
Vinod Rajamani: 
Thank you for taking my questions. I have two questions. The first one is on the 
protection products specifically. So, if I look at the individual sum assured that has gone 
up by almost 74% but your individual protection new business premium has grown by 
25%. So, this sum assured inflation which is happening, is that because of say selling 
more of say return of premium kind of term plans or is it because the sum assured on 
your savings product itself has gone up? So, that is question number one. Second 
question was on this channel economics and so on. So, the bancassurance productivity 
has jumped around 15% and your agency productivity is at 3 lakhs despite adding some 
25% more agents. This OPEX ratio has gone up by 90 bps to 6.2%. So, I just wanted 
to know how much of this OPEX increase is related to agency and what is the realistic 
timeline we should have in mind before this agency productivity also starts inching 
upward. So, these were two questions. One was on agency productivity going upward 
and the second is on why there is a divergence between the sum assured and the new 
business premium on the protection side? 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Management: 
So, divergence between the sum assured and the premium is on account of the growth 
in the total protection and within the protection, the share of TROP has gone down. 
Share of pure protection has gone up with where the premiums are lower. So, the total 
premium growth is lower than the total sum assured growth. That is as far as your 
protection query is concerned. Regarding the increase in OPEX, as already said that 
this is also a result of change in product mix. The productivity on the agency side, there 
is already an uptick not only on the productivity also on the number of agents have 
increased and despite that productivity is showing a good increase in the number. So, 
strengthening of agency channel is ongoing and we want to improve our total agency 
contribution in the channel mix. 
Vinod Rajamani: 
Yes, so that's perfect. I understood the agency bit. Just on this sum assured, I see the 
individual sum assured has gone up by 74% whereas this is excluding the group 
business and your individual NBP protection has gone up by 25%. So, the reason why 
I was asking is why is there a gap between say the 74 and 25? Is this because you are 
selling more return of premium kind of products or is it because… 
Management: 
No, it is actually reverse. 
Vinod Rajamani: 
Okay, it is the other way round? 
Management: 
For the same sum assured, TROP has a higher premium than pure protection. Here 
our mix is improving in favor of pure protection. So, the premium is going down for the 
same sum assured. 
Vinod Rajamani: 
Understood. Okay, thanks so much. Those were my two questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Raghvesh from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Raghvesh: 
Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. I had a couple of questions. So, first on the gross 
impact of GST in this quarter. So, on an absolute number, the impact is around 1.3 
billion which is almost 5% of the 3Q VNB. So, I am unable to reconcile that how that fits 
with the overall 1.75% or 1.75% impact for the full year. And secondly, on the Banca 
growth. So, this quarter, in fact, starting from September, the Banca growth has been a 
positive surprise. So, anything to read into that? Should we start extrapolating this kind 
of growth in our models? Because say a couple of quarters back, weak growth from 
Banca was a key concern. So, these were my two questions. 
Management: 
So, on the GST side, on the margin, what are we saying that the business that we 
written in this Q3, which is purely post-GST, the impact on the margin, that this is only 
for the one quarter, and the GST impact came on the 22nd of September. So, the impact 
that we are seeing in 110 basis points that we disclosed is on account of the new 
business written after the 22nd of September. And the earlier business didn't have the 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
GST impact on the renewal comissions. And once going forward, once this will move to 
the next year, the impact for our business will be 150 basis points on an annualized 
basis. And what we are saying that the impact that we are going to get on the new 
business on account of GST, 150 basis points will get offset mostly by the better product 
mix in terms of the line of business and within the product and different kind of products. 
And that will mostly offset and balance remain will be approximately 30-40 basis points 
at the end of this year. As far as Banca growth is concerned, first, let me clarify that 
there has never been any degrowth in the Banca channel in the last two years or even 
three years kind of period. Yes, the growth rate has come down to higher single digits. 
And fourth quarter growth as far as concerned, you are aware that you see, October, 
November, December has always been a very strong quarter for SBI Life. And this 
year's growth was also added by I will say that the GST issue, the GST exemption that 
has been granted, the affordability has improved and probably that has effect on the 
entire industry, including the SBI life which has posted very good numbers in Q3. 
Raghvesh: 
Okay, so nothing specific which has changed in the SBI bank channel in the last 3-4 
months? 
Management: 
It's a natural growth progression. 
Raghvesh: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mohit Mangal from Centrum. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. I got three 
questions. My first question is that if you can throw some light on the ratio of return to 
premium to pure term, in the individual protection segment, at the end of nine months, 
and maybe how it has, evolved over the last 2 to 3 years, then that would be helpful. 
My second question is towards the attachment rate, if you tell me what was the 
attachment rate in the credit life segment? And my third question is in terms of the 
number of branches, I think you said that, you have increased the number of branches 
by 66 in this year. So, wanted to understand your strategy in terms of how it will go in 
financial year '27 and will it impact the cost ratio? 
Management: 
So, credit life, 52% is our attachment rate for home loans. On the pure protection for 3 
years, we will give you that data offline for 3 years' time. And on the branches, we have 
a very large base and we start branch in a very standardized way. So, there is some 
impact on profit, but on the cost, sorry, but that is not very material in SBI Life scale. 
So, we start small 6 person branch unit, and it has not such a big cost in the first few 
years. We expand only when the branch stabilizes. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. And this will be opened in tier 2 and tier 3, right? 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Management: 
Some of them are in tier 1 also. So, depending upon what is the potential we see in a 
particular area is where we open the branch. Obviously, many of them are in tier 2, tier 
3, but not significantly in tier 2, tier 3. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Okay, this is helpful. Thanks and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Harshal Mehta from AMSEC. 
Please go ahead. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions from my end. First, in terms of non-
par, so if you can just highlight how we see the traction in our new product launch smart 
platina advantage, and do we expect non-par side again inching up and par and ULIP 
going down? That was one. And secondly, in terms of ULIP, it is safe to assume like 
this year, it looks like 62% of the mix. Can we expect to reach to FY'23 level, 55% odd 
in the next two years? And par and non-par again inching up? So, that's two questions 
I would have had. Thank you. 
Management: 
So, in the product that we launched in non-par segment we see very good traction in 
the market. And there are 2-3 reasons for it, because it gives more flexibility and also 
giving the longer-term guarantee. So, we introduced 30 years kind of guarantee as well. 
So, we see a lot of traction. And similar thing is happening in the par product that we 
have launched. I think going forward, you will see that the par and non-par together, 
you can see the growth. And that growth will help to improve the margin, because your 
ULIP will come down on that basis. And it's also a phenomenon of the, as we always 
say that our objective is to give the full bouquet of the product to the customer. And 
depending on their needs, they will choose. Actually the product choice depends on the 
customers and it depends on their need. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Thanks, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shobhit Sharma from HDFC 
Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a great set of numbers. Sir, my first 
question is on your rider attachment. You have mentioned that the rider attachment is 
currently in the range of 35% to 40%. We had plans on attachment of riders in the 
renewal business. So, if you can share some updates on that, where are we on that? 
Secondly, Banca, we have seen very strong growth in third quarter. Can you comment 
some qualitative comments around how the growth has been for the month of January? 
And is it right to assume that the growth in Banca was primarily driven by the launch of 
the new par product, because it seems easier to shift from ULIP to a par product versus 
a non-par. So, if you can help us understand that. And we have been driving digitization 
initiatives in SBI Bank, which was a cause of slowdown in the SBI Bank channel via the 
YONO app. So, if you can comment on that, how the business is shaping up from the 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
YONO app and all of that? And lastly, on the product pipeline for the Q4, if you can help 
us understand how the product pipeline is building up for the Q4 and have we launched 
any product? So, these are my questions. Thank you. 
Management: 
So, on the rider attachment, we have just begun in this quarter rider attachment and 
renewal that has just started. Though we want to increase the set of products from 
which rider attachment is available, that will probably take the next quarter. So, current 
set of existing products which are in force with the rider attachment has started. 
Products which are closed for new business, rider attachment has not yet started. That 
also we hope we will start. On the Banca, like we would continue to expect decent 
growth coming forward, going forward, similar in line with, maybe a little more less than 
the Company growth that we see in the Banca, overall company growth. As far as new 
product, we have already launched Smart Platina Advantage and there is work going 
on the other products, which may come this year or maybe early first quarter, FY'27. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay, so just to follow up on the renewal rider attachment, so can you say is this 
pertains to a particular business segment, ULIP or non-par wherein we have started 
attaching the riders or some comments around that, please? 
Management: 
Both. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
On the renewal side, you mentioned we have started attaching. So, it is across all 
segment? 
Management: 
Not closed for new business, which are open for new business where they have started 
from 1st October. Some of them have started a little earlier. So, first renewals have 
already started coming in for the products which we are currently selling. For that, rider 
attachment is in place. 
Management: 
Just to add, we have given flexibility to the customer in case they are able to opt to 
attach the rider at the beginning of the policy, they are also to attach in the subsequent 
policy anniversary as well. So, you might see that renewal, not only the one chunk that 
before the new business which has been sold before the launch of this rider will get 
attached, but some of the policy which is missing today for rider, you may see that the 
customer will also go and opt for the rider in subsequent premium payment time. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay, and sir, what about the progress on the YONO, how much business are we able 
to channelize via that, if you can comment around that? 
Management: 
1.5 lakh policies we have already sold in current year and that is a pure protection 
product that we are selling. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
So, on the renewal business, you mentioned that we are attaching riders. So, since the 
policy, so the premium which will be coming on the rider will be classified as a renewal 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
premium and, or a new business premium and how are we accounting for the new 
business margins on that? 
Management: 
So, any, it's a rider is a new product. So, all riders is a new product. Any new riders sold 
in a particular year will be classified as a new premium. 
Management: 
And the impact on margin is not material. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay, sir. Thanks. This is from my side. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please 
go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
A few questions from my side. First, when I look at your segment-wise margins, it seems 
that the ULIP margins are probably somewhere close to your company level margins, 
maybe a few percentage points lower. Maybe due to some efforts that you have 
undertaken on riders or had some issues. So, just in terms of understanding the 
prospects of the ULIP margins for the next 2 to 3 years, how much more scope do you 
really see in this segment? The second question is on the non-SBI Banca part, you 
mentioned the growth data. I just wanted to get some color on the product mix in this 
channel and how that has shifted in the last few quarters or years? And the third 
question was, I don't know if I missed it, but could you spell out the APE for 3Q and 9-
months? 
Management: 
Sorry. So, on this margin, we don't disclose the margins of different lines of business, 
but each and every time we look into the company and margin is a byproduct for that. 
And we do see opportunity in improvement because each and every time when we 
revisit our products we try to optimize the value and not only for the margin term of the 
shareholder, but also for the better return to the customer. In that process, there will 
always be scope for improving the margin from the current level for each product within 
the things, and that will ultimately help to improve the margin for the company level. We 
are not going to speak to the particular product margin. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sir, I just wanted to ask for the Credit Life APE for the third quarter and also the non-
SBI banca product mix and how that has evolved? 
Management: 
So, Credit Life APE is roughly INR 75 crores in Quarter 3 and for the non-SBI 
partnership, roughly it is 20% ULIPs remaining non-ULIP, roughly split half-half between 
par and non-par with about 5%-6% protection. Roughly that is the mix. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it, sir. Thank you and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Megha Bagaria from BNP 
Paribas. Please go ahead. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Megha Bagaria: 
I wanted to check why is the par product growing so much? Like in the recent quarter, 
we see that par has grown more than non-par, which shouldn't be the case given the 
current yield curves. So, can you throw some light on that? 
Management: 
So, as we explained earlier, in our product portfolio, we are mixing up the specific 
product in the par segment, particularly in the child segment and the money back that 
we have launched. So, while child products help to meet the customer requirement to 
protect their child, the money back also provides the liquidity to the policyholder 
because the payment is done on the regular interval. And this was the most awaited 
product to launch. And that's the reason we see a lot of traction in things. And that's the 
reason we see that growth is happening in the par. But if you look into totality, par is still 
much slower than what we expected to be. 
Management: 
Par is expected to be roughly 15% of our business. 
Management: 
We are looking to give approximately 15%-20% of the par because that will also help 
us to give the better return for the existing customers as well. And in the last few years, 
we have declared the bonuses which are higher than what I have illustrated and also 
giving attraction to the customer in terms of buying these par products. 
Megha Bagaria: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Amit Jhingaran for closing comments. 
Amit Jhingran: 
Thank you everyone for your time and queries. You may get in touch with our investor 
relations team in case you have any follow-up questions. Thank you. God bless 
everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of SBI Life Insurance Company 
Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Safe harbour: Please note that this transcript has been slightly edited for the purpose of clarity. Except 
for the historical information contained herein, statements in this release which contain words or 
phrases such as 'will', 'would', ‘indicating’, ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of 
such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These statements by the Company and 
its management are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the 
future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
economy and other future conditions and are not guarantees of future performance. Because forward-
looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in 
circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control, and actual results 
could differ materially from those presented in the forward-looking statements. 
 
