imfa 
IMFA Building 
Bhubaneswar - 751010 
Odisha, India 
Corporate Identity No. 
L27101ORl961PLC000428 
TEL +91 674 2611000 
+91 674 2580100 
FAX +91 674 2580020 
+ 91 674 2580145 
mail@imfa.in 
www.imfa.in 
INDIAN METALS & FERRO ALLOYS LIMITED 
13t h February 2026 
~----- --------- -- --
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza 
Plot No.C/1, G. Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400051 
Stock Symbol & Series: IMFA, EQ 
Sub : Earnings Call Transcripts 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
The Deputy General Manager 
(Corporate Services) 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai-400001 
Stock Code : 533047 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Transcript of the audio call 
recording of the Company's Investor / Analyst Call held on 06th February 
2026 on the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December 2025 is 
attached herewith. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For I DIAN METALS & FERRO ALLOYS LTD 
(Smru i Ranjan Ray) 
Comp ny Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem 
rship No: F4001 
Encl: As above. 

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUBHRAKANT PANDA – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. SAUNAK GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. BINOY AGARWALLA – HEAD, POWER BUSINESS 
UNIT  
 
MR. SANDEEP NARADE – HEAD, MINING BUSINESS 
UNIT  
 
MR. SURESHBABU CHIGURUPALLI – HEAD, FERRO 
ALLOYS BUSINESS UNIT  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHISHEK SAWANT – VERITAS REPUTATION PR 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
imfa 
imfa 
VERITAS 
RCPJTAT O N m1 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited Q3 
FY '26 Earnings Call, hosted by Veritas Reputation PR Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions once the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Savant from Veritas Reputation. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Savant: 
Thank you, Alex. Good afternoon once again to everyone. On behalf of Indian Metals & Ferro 
Alloys Limited, I welcome you all to the Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate 
your time and interest in joining us today to discuss the company's performance for the quarter 
ended December 31, 2025. 
 
Following the opening remarks by our management, we will open the floor for the Q&A session. 
Kindly keep your questions concise and relevant to allow broader participation. 
 
IMFA, India's leading fully integrated producer of ferro alloys has demonstrated a significant 
improvement and resilience in quarter 3 FY '26 despite the ongoing market challenges. This 
performance underscores the company's focus on operational excellence, disciplined execution 
and long-term value creation. 
 
As you all know, the company has signed definitive agreements to acquire Tata Steel Limited 
ferrochrome plant at Kalinganagar in Odisha, adding 99 MVA of furnace capacity for a base 
consideration of INR610 crores. This acquisition will make IMFA, India's largest ferrochrome 
manufacturer and the sixth largest globally, with a total capacity exceeding 0.5 million tonnes. 
The financial results are available on our website and have been filed with the stock exchanges 
for your reference.  
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the statements made today in our 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature. These are based on the company's current 
expectations and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes 
to differ materially. 
 
Joining us on the call today are Mr. Subhrakant Panda, Managing Director; Mr. Saunak Gupta, 
Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Binoy Agarwalla, Head, Power Business Unit; Mr. Sandeep 
Narade, Head, Mines Business Unit; and Mr. Sureshbabu, Head, Ferro Alloys Business Unit. 
 
With that, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Subhrakant Panda, our Managing Director, 
for the update on the overall performance. Over to you, sir. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Thank you, Abhishek. And at the outset, I would like to extend a warm welcome to all of you 
who have taken time out to join this call and to talk about IMFA's Q3 results. So let me start out 
with an opening statement, and then, of course, we will move on to the Q&A section.  
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
First, a word about the performance. I'm quite pleased to report to you about the robust set of 
numbers that we have reported for the third quarter of FY '26, where our EBITDA and PAT 
numbers have gone up as we had indicated on account of the improvement in realizations in 
ferrochrome pricing. 
 
Of course, we have had a continued focus on productivity, on making sure that output is on track, 
focus on efficiency that is our various consumption norms. And by and large, our costing has 
been stable with a slight increase in the power generation cost on account of coal prices. But 
other than that, during the quarter under review, the costing has remained stable. And taking the 
improvement in realization into account, we are reporting these numbers. 
 
I will just quickly go through the production and the sales numbers for Q3 FY '26. Ferrochrome 
production during the quarter has been 67,196 tonnes. Power generation stands at 256.17 million 
units and chrome ore raising during the quarter is 265,468 tonnes. And if you look at sales of 
ferrochrome during the quarter, that stood at 64,802 tonnes. 
 
On the ongoing expansion and acquisition plans, as far as the greenfield project at Kalinganagar 
is concerned or KNR 1 as we refer to it, I'm glad to report that the project is on track, and we 
expect to commission the first furnace in June 2026 and the second furnace shortly thereafter. 
So, it's at a very advanced stage and on track.  
Secondly, as far as the strategic acquisition is concerned, which we refer to as KNR 2, we are in 
the process of obtaining various statutory and other government approvals, and we expect to 
close out the deal in the ongoing fourth quarter of FY '26, more specifically, I think, within the 
month of February itself. 
 
Now in as much as output from the acquisition is concerned, anything that we get in fourth 
quarter is going to be a little bit of a bonus, but we really expect volumes to come in, in the true 
sense of the word in first quarter of FY '27. And this is, of course, something which is going to 
be immediately value accretive. 
 
Finally, in as much as the ethanol project is concerned, that's again at a very advanced stage, and 
we expect to commission it in March 2026, that is next month. So, there is a slight delay because 
we were initially targeting the second half of February, but there's been a slight spillover on that, 
and we are expecting to commission it in March. And this is something after the initial sort of 
stabilization activity, we expect it to start contributing to the top line in, starting April, so in FY 
'27. 
 
That is where we stand. And I would now like to move on to the Q&A section, and we will do 
our best to answer your questions and provide further clarity and information about the 
company's operations. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Aashav Patel from Molecule Ventures PMS. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
Aashav Patel: 
Congratulations to the entire team for a great set of numbers. And special thanks to Mr. Panda 
for taking out the time and joining the con-call. My first question is, sir, that globally realizations 
are very robust right now, and they have increased from the recent lows. Do you expect Q4, we 
will be able to see most of the benefit of increased realization? And the second question, follow-
up on that is that the demand buoyancy, how you are seeing at this point in time? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Thank you, Aashav. Pleasure to be on the call to interact with you and other investors and 
analysts who have taken the time out. First, a word about realizations. As we had indicated in 
the last investor call, we were expecting a noticeable jump in realizations from Q2 to Q3. That 
has indeed translated through. And our EBITDA margins are a little above 23% in Q3. 
 
Now as far as Q4 is concerned, there was a slight dip in prices, but now they have again moved 
back up. So domestic prices are roughly in the INR118,000 to INR120,000 a tonne mark, and 
Chinese prices are around USD0.96 to USD0.97. Now, we expect these prices to continue during 
the ongoing quarter, barring any exceptional situations, which I don't foresee at this point in time 
to be very clear. And if so, we will certainly benefit from these realizations. 
 
Secondly, as far as demand is concerned, we have always been in a slightly different position to 
many of our peers, where we believe in long-term contracts and offtake arrangements where 
pricing is decided every month or every quarter, depending upon the particular customer. 
 
What that basically means is that at least offtake is assured. And we don't really have spot sales, 
if I can put it in, mention it in that manner. But demand in general is buoyed by the fact that 
stainless-steel has grown, even though it is in low single digits, around 2% to 3%, but stainless-
steel output has increased.  
And correspondingly, there has been a sort of a constraint in ferrochrome production with South 
Africa bringing down its output sharply. Producers in India, non-integrated producers in India 
have also been affected. So basically, we do not see any issue in terms of placing our current 
capacity as well as the expanded capacity, which is coming online. 
 
And as I said, in the ongoing quarter, we see these realizations holding. And as of now, the 
expectation is that it will translate through into the first quarter of FY '27 as well because that is 
where South Africa, in particular, has the Winter Tariffs and all that. And of course, I know that 
there is a lot of chatter around the special electricity tariffs which have been announced. 
 
I'll broadly expand your question, Aashav, and answer that because that is something which is 
definitely something that everybody is closely tracking. As you may have read, the tariffs in 
South Africa are broadly around USD0.135 or thereabouts. And what Eskom, which is the utility 
has announced, is an approval from NERSA, which is the regulator, to bring that down to 
USD0.87 for Glencore and Samancor, and which is valid for 1 year. 
 
 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
 
But that's predicated on a couple of things. One, that as we understand that the tariff of USD0.87 
covers broadly Eskom's variable cost and some degree of legacy costs, but not their full 
overheads. So that in itself, to my mind, cast some sort of uncertainty about how practicable this 
is. And secondly, that NERSA has also said that the difference between the tariff to be paid by 
these 2 customers and what is actually required by Eskom is to be borne by the government. 
 
The question here is that how practical is it for only 2 companies to get a special tariff, but again, 
that's not in my scope of competence or control. But what we certainly are waiting to see is how 
sustainable is this tariff. 
 
And secondly, we believe that even if these companies start up production, it should lead to 
some, when ferrochrome production in South Africa had come down sharply, the ore exports to 
China moved up, I wouldn't say correspondingly, but certainly as a consequence. So now with 
ferrochrome, if it were to pick up in South Africa, logically, it should lead to some lowering of 
chrome ore exports to China and therefore, lower ferrochrome production in China. 
 
At some level, we think it may turn out to be a zero-sum game. But more than anything else, I 
wanted to make the point that I'm more concerned about what is in our control and the fact that 
we have a fully integrated business model, and we are efficient, we are competitive, a lot of 
focus on productivity and efficiency. I would focus on our capabilities rather than get distracted 
by the noise around what is happening elsewhere. 
Aashav Patel: 
Sure. Got it. Sir, my follow-up is that there is this structural shift which is happening globally in 
the ferrochrome industry. Now the cost curve for most of the top producing countries is moving 
significantly upwards. Given your multi-decade experience in the industry, how significant do 
you see this happening? And how beneficial it is for integrated player like ourselves? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
You're absolutely right that there are cost pressures on non-integrated producers because chrome 
ore prices are moving up. If you look at UG2 prices in South Africa, they are around USD300 a 
tonne. I haven't kept track of domestic prices in India, but they continue to be elevated. So as a 
result, there are significant cost pressures. And from that point of view, the fact that we have a 
fully integrated business model is what adds to our resilience and competitiveness. 
 
Now one has to see how this plays out. But one of the reasons ferrochrome prices have moved 
up is, as I said, there is growth in stainless steel, not tearaway growth, but there is growth in 
stainless steel, but more importantly, there are cost pressures. 
 
If demand improves further on account of stimulus measures in China, on account of some of 
the geopolitical issues sort of moving towards resolution, etc, if demand were to pick up a little 
bit more, I definitely see ferrochrome prices moving up.  
And equally, a lot of non-integrated producers in India have cut back production. There have 
been cutbacks in production other than in South Africa. We do see a sort of a structural sort of 
gap between demand and supply persisting over the next 1 to 2 years, which should be supportive 
of prices. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
 
But then again, I would say this with a caution that this is a general trend that we envisage, but 
we don't really look at anything beyond the ongoing in the next quarter because experience has 
taught us not to get ahead of ourselves. But I don't see any curveball coming out from the left 
field, which significantly alters the market dynamics at this point in time. 
Aashav Patel: 
Got it. And sir, impact of Chinese anti-involution is already visible on ground? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
No, whatever they have, ferrochrome production in China has picked up significantly in line 
with South Africa cutting back. And, if they are taking some smaller inefficient furnaces out, 
they are adding capacity both in ferrochrome and the same exercise is happening in stainless 
steel. But China is a consumer. As you know, they have a significant export duty on ferrochrome. 
We don't see increase in Chinese ferrochrome production being a threat in any manner to 
ferrochrome prices globally. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Parthiv Jhonsa from Anand Rathi Group. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir, just quickly wanted to again circle back to the 
entire South Africa tariff scenario. Considering if things work out in their favor, do you expect 
all the smelters from Glencore and Samancor to come on stream?  
Or it is only for certain smelters which would be there and a couple of smelters which are actually 
not operational since some time now, they will not come back on stream? Because if that 
happens, the supply crunch still persists, if I'm not mistaken. Is the understanding and thinking 
correct, sir? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Parthiv, thank you for your kind words on IMFA's numbers for the quarter. As far as South 
Africa is concerned, again, to reiterate, the tariff announced for 2 companies has come down 
from ZAR0.135 to, I mean, ZAR0.87 from ZAR0.135 to ZAR0.87. And as I mentioned, what 
we read is that it covers Eskom's variable cost and part of some legacy costs. 
 
I think the concerns which have been expressed about how sustainable this is, is on account of 
the fact that it is for 2 companies, and certainly, it will lead to demands from others is the 
expectations, whether it is manganese steel, aluminium, etc. And the second that, obviously, 
covering only variable costs may not be sustainable, and that is where NERSA has very clearly 
said that the government has to reimburse and the burden shouldn't go on to the common to the 
average consumer. 
 
And the ferrochrome producers on their side are saying that 87 is not good enough, and it needs 
to be 62. This is a situation which is in flux. It's not something into which, we are seeing it from 
outside and reading about it, but I don't have any particular insight. But there is a lot of 
skepticism, which has been expressed about how feasible is this and how sustainable is it going 
to be. One. And in terms of revival of ferrochrome production, I understand some of the smaller 
capacity, etc, has, I believe, permanently shut down. 
 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
 
Now if you look at the larger producers, I think their capacity can be divided into the more 
efficient ones like Glencore's Lion and the rest which are less efficient. As of now, we don't have 
any concrete information on, although I believe that Glencore might be restarting its Lion 
facilities in February or March. But then again, as I said, my expectation is that you can't have 
ore exports to China at exactly the same levels even as ferrochrome prices picks up because, first 
of all, there is the availability issue. 
 
And second, if there has been a distinct increase in Chinese ferrochrome production 
corresponding or consequential to a reduction in South African output. Now if Chinese output 
doesn’t come down and South Africa adds its capacity, then logically, ferrochrome prices will 
fall. And forget about what it does to us. I mean that in itself is going to defeat the whole purpose 
of giving special tariffs to South African ferrochrome producers. 
 
You can't look at one part of the equation and say that tariffs have been brought down and 
therefore, everything is hunky-dory. I think this is a complex equation, and there are multiple 
factors at play. And you plug one leak somewhere and it will show up somewhere else. That's 
our take on the situation. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Thank you for such an elaborate answer, especially considering the entire global macro is 
interlinked to the entire fact. Sir, my second question is pertaining to your EBITDA per tonne. I 
just wanted to get a sense that EBITDA per tonne has actually surpassed this INR25,000 mark, 
especially after Q2 of '25. So, after multiple quarters, you have actually surpassed that mark. 
 
Just wanted to understand what has changed between Q2 to Q3 that there is a substantial jump 
in the profitability? And also, how do you plan your Q4? Considering you have given the 
guidance at for '27 and '28, just wanted to get a sense of ore raising guidance or whatever you 
can share for Q4 and also for the next few years? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Parthiv, the short answer to what has changed between Q2 and Q3 of FY '26 is ferrochrome 
prices. Realizations have moved up by roughly by about INR6,000 a tonne. That is what 
translates through into the improved EBITDA margins. In a single word, it is prices. 
 
And as I said, in ongoing Q4, we did see that the INR117,000, INR118,000 come down briefly 
to about INR106,000 to INR108,000. But again, leading up to the Chinese New Year holidays 
where there tends to be a little bit of stocking up by Chinese buyers and consequent to over 
constraints and elevated prices, domestic prices have moved back up to the INR118,000 to 
INR120,000 a tonne mark.  
We do expect the current, what the average pricing that we saw in Q3 to more or less translate 
through into Q4, possibly with a slight upward bias. So, we are reasonably confident about 
similar EBITDA margins in the fourth quarter as well. 
 
 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Perfect. And sir, what the ore raising, I think you have done like 265,000 tonnes plus of ore 
raising. So similar pace would continue even Q4? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Q3 and Q4 are the good quarters for ore raising because it is post monsoons, and even from a 
weather perspective, you're not in the peak summer, etc. Q3, Q4 are the peak ore raising time. 
Just a word on the general trajectory. 
 
As you know, in FY '25, our total ore raising was approximately 725,000 tonnes. And as far as 
FY '26 is concerned, we are looking at 850,000 tonnes, broadly speaking. And as we have said, 
every year for the next 1 or 2 years is going to be a record because we are scaling up ore raising 
to cater to increased demand and the excess stock that we have been carrying will start getting 
now consumed because of the additional capacity. 
 
And the Board at its meeting yesterday also approved the annual budget for FY '27. And that's 
going to be a milestone year for us because we are targeting 1 million tonnes of ore raising, that 
is 10 lakh tonnes in FY '27. Just to reiterate here the obvious point that our existing capacity, 
smelting capacity plus expansion plus acquisition is going to be catered to entirely from captive 
mines, and we are not going to be buying any ore. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Okay. Perfect. And just a very quick, very generic question on the greenfield facility. How better 
is the technoeconomic parameters compared to your other existing facilities? If you can just 
quantify in the percentage terms? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
When you talk about technoeconomic, the fact that, we're putting it up now. Whatever learnings 
we have from our previous furnaces and whatever shortcomings that we see, we try to address 
that in the design situation. We have moved to a closed furnace design, which added to the capex 
a little bit. 
 
But obviously, that enables us to get better norms and roughly about 8, 8.5 megawatts of power 
generation. But other question, which you and I, in particular, had this conversation during the 
CNBC panel post the announcement of the acquisition is that Kalinganagar is, from a logistics 
point of view, very friendly given that we are close to captive mines, close to stainless steel 
producers who are our consumers and close to Paradip port. 
 
Once we get over the initial stabilization phase and do keep in mind that when the new furnaces 
come online, we will have an initial period of stabilization, and the heating period means you 
are consuming energy without getting ferrochrome production in turn.  
But leaving that aside, when you're in a steady-state operation, we expect our weighted average 
EBITDA cost for the expanded output to reduce by about INR1,500 to INR2,000 a tonne on 
account of logistics costs and all of that. That is something will obviously add to our margins. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Obviously, the most important variable here is what, where ferrochrome prices, how they pan 
out. We do expect, as I said, while we are not, we don't do really projections of ferrochrome 
prices, we can only give a little bit of visibility into the ongoing quarters and the next quarter. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
But the market dynamics are such that there will be some volatility. It's not going to be a steady 
line or only with an upward bias. 
 
But our key commitment is that we have the wherewithal to be more competitive and more 
resilient than most. So that is one. In terms of cost structure, I mean, independent of this, I believe 
we have seen the lowest prices in the recent past in metallurgical coke prices, and that's 
something which is trending upwards a little bit.  
But then again, it will, all of this will put pressure on bringing cost pressures on the entire value 
chain and should translate through into perhaps better ferrochrome prices because while we are 
fairly comfortable with our EBITDA margins, that number doesn't apply to, or that position 
doesn't apply to all producers. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Harsh Vasa from SBI Securities. 
Harsh Vasa: 
Congrats, sir, on a robust set of results and to the entire team. Sir, my question was that what 
would be the capex for FY '26, '27, '28, if you could break up? And the capex would be what 
for, which part like the amount, for example, for the mines and for the greenfield and like that, 
like the total? 
Saunak Gupta: 
On the capex side, in KNR 1, we have almost spent out 60% this year. About 40% will be 
remaining, which will be around INR300-odd crores and will be spent in the next year. And the 
other one would be the residual value of the ethanol project, which mostly we'll be spending in 
this year, and about INR50 odd crores will remain for next year. 
 
For the mines, we have around INR200 crores of capital outlay or spend cash outflow next year. 
Approximately next year, we are expecting somewhere around INR600 crores plus general 
capex that we'll be spending out. In the following year, it is primarily the expansion of the 
underground projects will be the majority spent. 
 
This is the overall outlay that we have somewhat planned for next 2 years. And it is like INR600 
crores next year and another INR400 crores to INR500 crores the year following. So, INR1,000 
crores will be spent for the next 2 years. 
Harsh Vasa: 
Okay. Sir, what was the capex which you have already incurred in this year? 
Saunak Gupta: 
We have already incurred overall INR370 odd crores this year. 
Harsh Vasa: 
Okay. And for the next 3 months, any amount, tentative amount? 
Saunak Gupta: 
In next 3 months, we have a plan of approximately INR270 crores to INR280 crores of spend. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Thank you, Harsh. I'll just take this opportunity to just provide a little bit more insight. Just to 
remind everyone that as far as our acquisition is concerned, which is at a base price of INR610 
crores plus GST plus net working capital, that's going to be funded entirely out of internal 
accruals, and in as much as our KNR 1 project is concerned, we do have a loan sanction of about,  
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
INR470 odd crores. And the drawdown of long-term debt as of now is a little short of INR80 
crores. 
 
We have hardly drawn down. We are focused more on internal accruals to meet our capex 
requirements thus far. And we expect the strength of the balance sheet to continue even after the 
payout, etc, we will still have a comfortable cash position. And of course, with expanded 
capacity, we will have, I mean, enhanced working capital available. The focus is still to have a 
conservative bent of mind in terms of taking on debt. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Kaushal Kedia from Wallfort PMS. 
Kaushal Kedia: 
Sir, I have a generic question on the entire space. We heard the Vice President of the United 
States mentioned critical minerals and they had a conference where they invited their partners. 
What do you think Chromium is a critical mineral for the U.S. and they are setting up a price 
floor for it? I just wanted your thoughts on this. What is happening? And what is this price floor 
that you look at it? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
As far as critical minerals are concerned, as all of you are obviously aware that China has an 
overwhelming position in terms of not just reserves that they are able to extract, but also the 
processing thereof. And that is where I think the rest of the world is scrambling to get to some 
degree of self-sufficiency. If I look at it from India's perspective, lots of initiatives announced 
by the central government, which is the PLI scheme for rare earth permanent magnets, which is 
outlays for recovering critical minerals from tailings. 
 
And as far as the current budget, which was announced a few days ago is concerned, there was 
a reference to the critical minerals’ corridor comprising Odisha, Andhra and a few other states. 
Clearly, given the importance of critical minerals and rare earth elements, the fact that they're 
used from everything from household white goods to fighter aircraft and the sort, it's something 
that all countries are scrambling. 
 
The U.S. has announced this large fund that they are creating to stock up on critical minerals. 
Secondly, through the other initiatives, they are looking at coordinated action. That's where I 
think critical minerals stand. And again, I'll take the opportunity to expand the question and 
respond. It's an area which we have identified as a potential area of interest for us because there 
is a degree of similarity because it involves mining and processing of minerals. That's something 
that we are closely evaluating. And when we find the right opportunity, which is value accretive, 
we will move forward on it. 
Kaushal Kedia: 
Sir, I have a few accounting questions. What is the cash and balance sheet as of today? 
Saunak Gupta: 
The total amount which we are having, including investments in mutual funds and bonds is close 
to INR1,100 crores in our balance sheet. 
Kaushal Kedia: 
I wanted to understand the payment. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Saunak Gupta: 
Yes, INR610 crores base amount for acquisition plus GST. We expect somewhere around 
INR700 crores will be the outflow. We'll still have INR 400 crores out of INR 1000 crores, in 
our balance sheet plus the future cash accruals from the business. 
Kaushal Kedia: 
Just to draw a sense, by the end of March, we'll have about INR400 crores post the Tata payment 
and about INR300 crores of capex that you mentioned earlier that you will incur this year. 
Saunak Gupta: 
Yes. we have capex, but we also have unutilized whatever our MD said is that we have about 
INR470 crores of sanctioned term loan limit, which we have utilized only about INR80 crores. 
Overall, around INR390 crores we have unutilized, which we will see how much we will utilize. 
Obviously, the cash position that we will have after all payments expected to be minimum INR 
300 crores. 
Kaushal Kedia: 
Just back on your calculation, if the EBITDA margin continues to be the same for Q4 , taking 
that into consideration, we should be somewhere around INR300 crores of cash in March, 
hopefully. 
Saunak Gupta: 
Yes, you are right. It will be INR300-plus crores of cash if the EBITDA continues in the same 
range. I just wanted to close on what Kaushal said. The position is that whatever we were saying 
on INR300 crores of capex payment that we'll be doing, we will be still having in our hand 
INR300-plus crores of cash position accrual after payment of whatever is the acquisition as well 
as unutilized term loan of INR390-odd crores. Almost INR700 crores will be there in our hand. 
We will just see how we will be actually paying out those cash outlays. We have sufficient funds 
in hand. 
Moderator: 
 We'll move to the next participant that is Madhu Chaturvedi from MAIQ Investment Advisors 
LLP. 
Madhur Chaturvedi: 
Congratulations on a fantastic set of numbers. You guys have taken a lot of time and answered 
most of the questions. Just one sort of bookkeeping question from my end. I think after a while, 
just our ferrochrome production in tonnes was slightly more than our ferrochrome sales. Was 
wondering is this a sort of strategic thing for are we seeing a bigger order next quarter? Is this 
maybe an impact of the slight price increase we've seen? I was wondering if there was any reason 
to it. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Broadly, I would say, Madhur, that in terms of quarterly production, we look at 65,000, 66,000 
tonnes, maybe up a little bit down, there and thereabouts, and similar sales. I think in the recent, 
in the past 2, 3 quarters, In Q2, there was a lot of pressure from customers for supplies, which is 
where we ate into inventory a little bit and sold about, if I remember correctly, in Q2, the sales 
volume was close to 69,000 tonnes, which was a bit of an outlier. 
 
But we have sort of come back to that 65,000, 66,000 tonnes sales and similar sort of production 
numbers. We expect in terms of production for the ongoing FY '26 we expect to close at about 
265,000 tonnes and sales broadly similar numbers. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
 
The real jump, of course, will come from Q1 FY '27 onwards when additional volumes come 
into play. But not so much trying to gain the market. Obviously, prices increase when there is 
demand. So, it's not just a question of trying to encash on higher prices but also making sure that 
our long-term customers with whom we have relationships, we try to meet their requirements in 
terms of additional tonnages as and when it comes up. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Joe Shah from 7 Seas. 
Joe Shah: 
Congratulations. We are going very well on our growth plan as far as KNR 1 and KNR 2 are 
concerned. I think by June '26, we'll be quite well on this plant. Now second thing, recently, 
Government of India has announced that coking coal is notified as a critical mineral. And my 
understanding is that in India, we do not have low phosphorus coking coal available and mostly 
we have inferior coking coal. So, what is your take on this coking coal? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
You're absolutely right. As far as coking coal is concerned, India doesn't have very large 
reserves, we have very large reserves of coal, thermal coal, but not large reserves at all of coking 
coal. And moreover, what is there is a grade that we cannot really use in the ferrochrome 
industry, which is why, especially given the grade of ferrochrome that we produce, we are 
entirely dependent upon imported metallurgical coke from Colombia and from other sources. 
 
Yes, the declaration of coking coal as a strategic mineral has definite implications for the steel 
industry. This is a large import win for them and development of coking coal mines domestically 
will ease some of that pressure. But realistically speaking, no significant impact for the 
ferrochrome industry. 
Joe Shah: 
Okay. Now one more question about Sukinda Chromite Mine signed up by Tata Steel. Looking 
at the past happening of Hindustan Copper getting copper mine in Madhya Pradesh, we also get 
excited that IMFA should also get the Sukinda Chromite Mine, whenever it comes on table. So, 
what is your idea? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
They've announced that they would surrender. The process is yet to be completed. It's only when 
it comes up for auction that we can have a strategy. But my answer would remain the same that 
as with any other opportunity, we will evaluate anything which is interesting, we will certainly 
evaluate, and we will move ahead if we see it as being value accretive. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sanket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. 
Sanket Kapoor: 
Firstly, pertaining to our capex and the underground mining part. So, if you could just outline to 
us what's the roadmap? How much have we spent? And pertaining to this underground mining, 
what amount of the capex goes towards the equipment? And whether we will be opting for the 
MDO route for the ore that will be taken out? Or what is the thought process there? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
I'll ask Saunak to share the capex numbers. We also have Sandeep Narade, who is our mining 
business head on the call. Broadly, the figure for capex for underground mining is roughly 
INR1,000 crores. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Saunak Gupta: 
On the overall capex budget of INR1,000 crores, we have till now already ordered approximately 
INR780 crores. At present, cash outlay is around INR120 crores till now. And as I was saying 
that in next year, there is higher amount of cash outlay on this, with a mixture of both 
infrastructure capex payments as well as development costs that we have to incur for building 
up the whole underground mine. But I'll also ask Sandeep if he can just add a little more on that. 
Sanket Kapoor: 
There is a point here, INR780 crores of order tendering are on the equipment part. So, are we 
importing this equipment? Or are we sourcing them? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
No, INR780 crores is not just equipment. It also includes an element of development because 
the underground, 2 ventilation shafts, the decline and the main shaft are all being developed. 
There is a significant element of equipment in there like winders and all of that, INR780 crores 
is not just equipment.  
Sandeep Narade: 
Mostly, we are operating on the MDO mode. And out of overall capex, about 25% of amount 
will be spent by us for major equipment like the shaft winders and fans. Rest will be the service 
contract with the MDOs. 
Sanket Kapoor: 
And sir, are we sourcing this equipment domestically because there are a few players in the 
country that are developing. In fact, one player only Eimco Elecon that develops, I think, so 
underground mining equipment and then the Gainwell Group. So, are we in? 
Sandeep Narade: 
No, all these equipment are not in our scope. They are in the scope of MDOs, and they are 
developing in India and also getting from outside. 
Sanket Kapoor: 
Okay, sir. And lastly, sir, Pandaji, for the ethanol part of the story, sir, firstly, you have 
articulated that it was the land that was available to us, and we were, that was unutilized and the 
availability of, I think so the RM was there in abundance that led to the project. But taking into 
account the line of interest that we have, what likelihood is going to be the story for ethanol, 
because INR250 crores, INR300 crores worth of project will also have management bandwidth 
and will have its own vagaries and nuisances going ahead, depending upon the government 
policy. Going ahead, how much of this ethanol is going to be a part of IMFA in the foreseeable 
future? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Slight correction. It was not just available land, but also other infrastructure such as railway 
sidings and all of that for bulk handling of raw material. That is one. Second, as we scale up our 
ferrochrome capacity closer to the mines in, I mean in Choudwar of course, there is no further 
scaling up. But in Kalinganagar, at some point in time, that will lead to a deemphasis on 
Therubali. Therefore, it is important for us to find alternate users on what we can do there.  
 
Second, minor correction. The capex for the 120 KLD unit is INR150 crores, not INR250 crores, 
I believe, adequately conveyed that this is a small diversification because we do need to see what 
we can do with, in Therubali. And it is only if we believe that we cracked the code and are able 
to, this is more aligned given that it's a B2B industrial product, it is more aligned with our 
philosophy than FMCG, for example, as I've been saying. But it is only, if we believe that we 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
have cracked the code, and we can make it something value accretive that we will consider 
further expansions. 
 
As of now, no further expansion commitments. We will review how this project plays out and 
then see what we want to take it forward. But I'll just take this opportunity to reiterate that our 
primary focus remains the core business, which is ferrochrome. And that is where the maximum 
time, attention and focus will be. So, I would hope that there isn't any anxiety on that front. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Manan Vandur from Wallfort PMS. 
Manan Vandur: 
Sir, my one question was that what was the average cost of coke per tonne in Q3? And what is 
the current price also for this current Q4 quarter? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Sureshbabu, who heads our Ferro Alloys business unit can provide the details. Broadly, we are 
currently consuming coke, which is around USD250 a tonne mark, and we are expecting that to 
move up a little bit in future procurements.  
Sureshbabu Chigurupalli: It is around INR28,000 and USD5 are expected to rise in the coming quarter. 
Manan Vandur: 
Just a follow-up on this, INR28,000 was average for Q3. As you're saying is this current market 
price? 
Sureshbabu Chigurupalli: Yes, the current. 
Manan Vandur: 
Okay. Current is INR28,000 and you are saying that around USD5 can increase from here. And 
what was the average for Q3? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Manan, we have broadly shared the details. I don't want to go into specific products and specific 
inputs and exact pricing. Broadly, we have shared the numbers that there had been in line with 
the pricing pressure or ferrochrome realization pressure going back 2, 3 quarters, coke prices 
had come down noticeably. And we believe it has hit rock bottom.  
And our current stock, what we are consuming is around the USD250 mark. And Suresh is a 
little aggressive when he looks at USD5. I would say that there might be a slight bit more upward 
bias in terms of costing for metallurgical coke. But it is something that will add to our EBITDA 
cost a little bit, but not something which will be very significant. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Amit Lodha from Sanmati Consultants. 
Amit Lodha: 
Congratulations. Most of my questions have already been answered. I have got only one 
question, sir, related to shareholders. Actually, in recent times, your stock price has gone to a 
very good level. And we as an investor when we bought the shares and find very difficult to get 
the required quantity of the shares from the market and the price has shot up as there is wide 
fluctuation in the prices coming up and going down. 
 
Again, INR1,500, then INR1,100. So, there is a market, of course, that is the market for which 
the management is nothing to do. But I only have one suggestion. Since all the ferro alloy 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
companies like Bawa Alloys Limited, Godavari Power & Ispat Limited, then Vedanta, then 
Hindustan Zinc, all are having the lower denominations sir. They all are having INR1 or INR2 
denominations. 
 
I would request the management in the overall interest of the shareholder that management 
should consider this subdivision of the equity in appropriate either INR1 or INR2 , enabled by 
small shareholder, not only small shareholder plus mutual fund holder also, and they can easily 
get in the shares, and they get out of the shares when they want. And that will reduce the 
fluctuation in the market. That is only suggestion from my side. Thank you very much. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Thank you, Amitji, for your suggestion. We will certainly take that under consideration. I know 
this topic has come up about having adequate floating stock to provide liquidity, but there are 
pros and cons to everything, but this is certainly, we will certainly take your suggestion on board 
and always have the interest of shareholders paramount when we look at taking any actions. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rita from Kotak Securities. 
Rita: 
Congrats to the management for such an excellent result. I'd like to just ask on the question 
regarding what was the EBITDA margin for the previous quarter and what is expected in the 
next quarter? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
EBITDA margins, we have actually issued that in the press release. So previous quarter as in Q2 
was, if I remember correctly, around the 18% to 19% number and EBITDA margin in Q3 FY 
'26 is a little more than 23%. 
Rita: 
And what will be expected for Q4? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Provided prices hold, which is what we expect it to be, we expect it to be sort of similar. 
Rita: 
And secondly, sir, in terms of what we say for the coke INR28,000 price, so is it that INR28,000 
gets fully accommodated or there is a specific set of consumption of coke, which reduces the 
coke cost or there is a 1:1 ratio for reduced. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
It's roughly 0.65 tonnes of coke per tonne of ferrochrome. 
Rita: 
And is it the same case for ore as well that we, how much ore we gave that much? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Roughly 2.5 tonnes of chrome ore per tonne of ferrochrome. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vinit Thakur from Plus91 AMC. 
Vinit Thakur: 
I would just like to know what would be a sustainable EBITDA post the Tata Steel incorporation 
of the plant? And when could we see the revenue coming from it as well on our, from that plant 
itself? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
The second question is easier to answer, which is that we expect meaningful contribution to top 
line and to financial numbers from Q1 FY '27 itself. As I mentioned, we are looking to close the 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
deal in the ongoing quarter, in fact, possibly in February itself. We might get a little bit of output 
in March, but we are not really taking that into consideration. If anything comes, that's the bonus.  
But realistically speaking, from first quarter of FY '27, and as far as sustainable margins are 
concerned, there are 2 factors. Clearly, there is volatility both in realizations as well as in input 
costs. 
 
We are, in as much as chrome ore is concerned, we are relatively sheltered in terms of any 
impact. But when it comes to metallurgical coke, when it comes to thermal coal for power 
generation, etc, obviously, we are exposed to a degree of volatility. But what will, just to reiterate 
a point I had made earlier in the call, what will be a significant sustainable advantage of the KNR 
facilities, KNR 1 and 2 is that logistically, it is far friendlier, similar to or perhaps even better 
than Choudwar. And therefore, we are expecting between INR1,500 to INR2,000 a tonne at least 
of reduction in weighted average EBITDA costing. 
Vinit Thakur: 
I want the capex like we have planned for the near term, what would be our total capex plan? 
And what would be our peak debt as well? 
Saunak Gupta: 
For Kalinganagar project, we have a total capex plan of INR800-odd crores. That we will be 
spending out by mid next financial year. And for ethanol, we have INR150 crores that already a 
major chunk will be spent by this year and the residual amount left will be spent next year. 
 
On the mine side, we have said we have an overall capex of INR1,000 crores, but it will be spent 
out in next 4 to 5 years as we go for the developments. These are the 3 key ones. And in 
Kalinganagar 2, Tata Steel unit that we'll be acquiring, the asset transfer of the unit, with GST 
is around INR700 crores. This is the overall spend out, which we are doing. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
And of course, for the GST, we will get back, we'll get input tax credit. 
Vinit Thakur: 
What would be your peak debt? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
 Broadly, at the moment, our, the long-term debt drawdown against the sanctioned limit is just 
short of INR80 crores. The sanctioned amount is INR470 crores but depending upon how the 
ongoing and the next quarters go, we may not even draw down the full debt amount. We'll see 
how that, but theoretically, the maximum it will go up to is INR450 crores, INR470 crores. And 
from a debt equity point of view, we are not looking at, I mean, our outer limit is 0.5, but we are 
not expecting to go beyond 0.3 at most. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Akshita from SBI Life Insurance. 
Akshita: 
Sir, my question is regarding the market. What is the expected market in quarter 4? How is the 
prices going to react? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
As I said, early on in Q4, there was a slight dip in prices. But now primarily on account, I would 
say, of Chinese demand stocking up before the New Year holidays, domestic prices have moved 
up to INR118,000 to INR120,000 a tonne, and Chinese prices are at about USD0.96 to USD0.97. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
 
 
But in our case, we have long-term commitments and therefore, offtake is not an issue at all. 
And we'll have to see how exactly the price plays out. But at the moment, we are reasonably 
confident that price realization will stay around the same levels on an average for the entire 
quarter will stay at the same levels as Q3. And therefore, we can expect similar EBITDA 
margins. 
Akshita: 
Okay. Sir, as of now, what is our export and domestic ratio? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Very heavily skewed towards exports in excess of 90%. Going ahead, in 2 years' time, we are 
expecting 60-40 still slightly in favor of exports, but certainly more sort of more focus on the 
domestic market to ensure that demand is properly met. 
Akshita: 
Sir, what is our ratio for the LTC and spot mix? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
We have primarily long-term contracts, Akshita. The difference between the 2 categories of 
long-term contracts is where we have binding offtake contracts for 1 year or 5 years as in the 
case of POSCO. But what we technically categorize as spot sales is repeat sales to the same 
customers without any monthly or annual commitment. So, we don't really do spot sales where 
we find new customers and all of that. 
 
Now with added tonnage, we will certainly look at certain niche geographies and all of that, plus 
we have also started producing niche ferrochrome with 015 phosphorus maximum and 1.5% 
silicon maximum, which has a significant premium of about 25% or so. For that, we are selling 
now, starting to sell to some specific customers in Japan. But other than that, I mean, you could 
broadly call our entire marketing strategy as long-term oriented. 
Akshita: 
Okay, sir. And can you just tell me what are the major customers, like you mentioned for POSCO 
2 to 3 major customers? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
We have a joint venture with POSCO alongside a long-term contract. We sell to customers in 
Taiwan, in Japan, we do have sales in China. We sell small quantities in Europe, which will 
probably we will look to perhaps increase a little bit when we expand our capacity. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pritesh from Lucky Investments. 
Pritesh: 
Yes, sir. What is the volume guidance for FY '27, the ferrochrome guidance? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
What we have indicated because we have the acquisition coming online and we have the 
commissioning of our greenfield unit taking place in starting June. So, from the present levels 
of about 260,000 tonnes, give or take a little bit, we have indicated that we expect production 
volume in FY '27 to be approximately 400,000 tonnes, and we expect the volume in FY '28 to 
be between 475,000 to 500,000 tonnes. These are, of course, barring any unexpected 
developments, but I don't foresee anything of that sort. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Pritesh: 
So just to continue here, these capacities, what is the breakeven utilization level of the 
incremental capacity? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
I don't think we have really counted, I mean, we have really analyzed it in that manner, but we 
are absolutely running neck and neck in terms of our ability to produce and sell. In terms of 
volume, given that the total consumption of ferrochrome worldwide is in the range of 16 million, 
17 million tonnes, enhanced capacity placing that with, we get a lot of pressure from customers 
to increase volumes. So that's not a concern at all for us. 
Pritesh: 
My question was what the breakeven levels is usually of these capacities. They start producing 
after 50% capacity utilization starts running out profits or from that angle, I was asking. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
I understand, but that again depends upon a variety of factors. If you don't have captive ore, then 
the breakeven levels will be much higher. But as I said, that's not something that we have 
specifically gone into depth. 
Pritesh: 
And just one confirmation. Based on the setup that you talked about Africa and it's a zero-sum 
game and considering the capacity, which is shut down, the overall concern does it make you 
believe that the ferrochrome prices will stay higher than what they were in the recent years that 
we saw. Usually, the chrome price, ferrochrome price oscillated from 85 to 95. And are we in a 
lower band? At least that directionally can be concluded or even that cannot be concluded. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
I think the way you put it at the end is a better way to look at it, which is that there will be some 
volatility going ahead. It would be foolish of me to say that it's only going to be in an upward 
direction here on. There will be. But I think in the near term, what we can see, we are quite 
confident about the market dynamics. 
 
But if I were to stretch your question, the period that you mentioned in your question from 1 to 
2 years, if you look at the last 10 years, clearly, slowly but steadily the band has moved up. And 
I'd like to mention that last year when we had an analyst and investor interaction, physical 
interaction in Mumbai, I had made a point that judging by our experience and what we see, I 
would broadly think that a fair price for ferrochrome is in that INR105,000 to INR110,000 range, 
and taking into account cost pressures and all of that. But there will be obviously a range below 
and above that. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aashav Patel from Molecule Ventures PMS. 
Aashav Patel: 
My last question, sir, is that domestic, as you rightly mentioned that most of our production 
volume is tied up with long-term contracts and specifically more so tilted towards export side. 
But recently, we have been observing over the last few months, domestic ferrochrome 
realizations have been much higher than the global ferrochrome realizations. 
 
Do you see a case for dedicating 1 of the 2 upcoming Kalinganagar facilities, maybe specifically 
to cater to the domestic spot market and so that as a strategy to capture the spot increases better, 
domestic spot increase in realizations better? 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Aashav, as I very clearly said, we expect to move from 90-10, that is 90% exports and 10% 
domestic market at present with enhanced capacity over the next few years for it to be 
somewhere around 60-40. So, but that's not only a reaction to domestic prices because there will 
be prices domestically or internationally will move up and down a little bit. But we believe as 
the market leader, it is, in many ways, our responsibility to see that we are able to meet domestic 
demand. That should be our priority, and that is what we intend to do. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aditya Mutha, an Individual Investor. 
Aditya Mutha: 
Almost all my questions have been answered. I just want to know what was our variable power 
cost for this quarter? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Aditya, we would not like to get into specific details, but variable power costs moved up a little 
bit in line with the quality of coal received as well as certain price increases. But nothing very 
significant. Broadly, I would categorize it as, I mean, it's moved up by about INR0.10 or INR0.15 
per unit. Nothing that I would say that has added significantly to our cost structures. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pragyam Laddha from Omni Securities. 
Pragyam Laddha: 
All my questions have been answered. Just one question. Do you see a one-off due to the Tata 
Kalinganagar plant integration in Q1 and Q2? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
No, I don't see any one-off in that regard. But again, when you start up all the furnaces, there 
will be an initial heating up period and some power consumption, etc. Some start-up costs will 
be there, but nothing one-off in terms of integration costs, maybe some investments in aligning 
our ERPs and all that because they are on SAP, we are on Oracle. But nothing major in that 
regard. 
Pragyam Laddha: 
No major margin pressures, right? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
No margin accretion in fact. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Joe Shah from 7 Seas Business Solution. 
Joe Shah: 
Subhrakant, I think our worries would be South African production. I understand that there is a 
lot of movement to reduce power cost for supply to Glencore and Samancor and go to ZAR0.62. 
And people are over there, they are saying that South African Ministry will be really available 
unlike in India. 
 
My counterpart met him just 2 days ago, and he said there will not be any tariff on the export of 
chrome ore. They are very clear about it. And they say that such tariff will ultimately go to the 
miners, which they are not ready to do. And second thing, this funding of this cheap power is 
concerned, they are saying that there are so many benefits involved in pushing up the entire 
economy of South Africa. They are looking for taking this South African economy out, by 
focusing on the ferrochrome production. And they are planning to have 3.5 million tonnes to 4 
million tonnes of ferrochrome production. 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
 
 
And even they were saying that they are looking at India also as their market. Obviously, we can 
have anti-dumping duty for South Africa to protect our market, but still China and other places 
could be a bit difficult area. So, I would like to have your views. This is, I think, a real challenge 
coming to IMFA, the South African production and other things, we are quite safe. But the South 
African is a big worry for us also. So, will you please give me your views, please? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
As I've said, and I will reiterate that I wouldn't want to focus on issues which are not in our 
control. I believe that we have the right business model, thanks to our captive mines and power 
generation, the ability to be resilient and competitive. And that is all that I would focus on. And 
we have the marketing relationships and the tie-ups to be able to place this. And I believe that 
you will not simply see an increase in production of ferrochrome in South Africa without a 
corresponding impact on ore exports. 
 
And not to mention because of scale back production last year, their grid was relatively stable. 
As I said, this is a complex equation. It is not a simple thing that rates have been brought down, 
and ferrochrome production will increase, and therefore, there will be an imbalance, which will 
lead to lower prices. I believe it is a far more complex scenario, and there are various trade-offs 
involved. So, is it something that we are looking at and observing? Absolutely. But we are 
confident about our ability to be competitive. And I think in the end, that's what matters. 
Joe Shah: 
So, you think that Indian ferrochrome cost of production will be quite competitive as compared 
to the South African cost of production? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
I would not say Indian ferrochrome production cost, but a fully integrated producer in India.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, the last question comes from the line of Anand Sinha from Coal India. 
Anant Sarda: 
Yes. Just to see that I'm from Chattisgarh Investment Limited. My name is Anant Sarda. 
Congratulations on the brilliant set of results. I just have a question that, sir, there is 150,000 
tonnes of capacity, furnace capacity in the Tata project and about 50,000 tonnes of furnace 
capacity was incomplete. So, do you have any kind of, like what is the status of that? And when 
can that be online? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
You're right. The unit has 4 16.5 MVA furnaces, which are capable of producing 100,000 tonnes, 
which are good to go. And there is a 33 MVA furnace, which is partially complete, which can 
produce another 50,000 tonnes. Our estimate is approximately a year's time and roughly INR50 
crores of capex to make that operational. So, when we take control of the unit, our first focus 
will be on maximizing output from the existing operational furnaces while, of course, evaluating 
and proceeding with completing the fifth furnace and getting that additional tonnage from there. 
Anant Sarda: 
Okay. And sir, like you said that you're going to shift the international to domestic sales from 
90-10 to 60-40 in maybe 2 years' time. But immediately, we can see that the ferrochrome prices 
in domestic market are quite higher, as pointed by one of the fellow investors. Will the Tata 
lfflfa 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Kalinganagar 2, the Tata acquisition, will that be particularly used for spot market in the next 
financial year, sir? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
In the next financial year, we will also have our greenfield project commissioned. The point is 
that we will, first and foremost, give priority to, wherever we have contractual commitments, 
that is what is our topmost priority. We are not going to divert tonnages because of higher 
realizations elsewhere because I think it is important to be considered a credible and reliable 
supplier. 
 
The second point I have made conceptually is that as the largest producer in India, it is incumbent 
upon us to make sure that the domestic market is supplied to the best of our ability. So, taking 
that in mind, we are looking at the 90-10 becoming 60-40 over the course of the next 2 years. 
But we will obviously retain the flexibility to sell internationally or domestically depending upon 
market conditions and demand. 
Anant Sarda: 
Okay, sir. And last question, sir, what is the road map for critical mineral space? Like where do 
you want to position yourself maybe in the mining or maybe in processing or both, what kind of 
strategy are you thinking, sir, for the company? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Anant, it's very early days yet for us to give any concrete guidance on that. We are evaluating 
opportunities. And as a general practice, I would say that we are open to evaluating all 
opportunities which come our way. And we will only pull the trigger on investments if we 
believe it is value accretive, and we have a degree of competence. 
 
But having said that, I mean, we, of course, both from a mining and a processing perspective, 
have the competence, but where exactly the opportunity lies and how we can maximize 
shareholder value is what will guide us. And it's too early for us to give any specific comments 
on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that brings us to the end of the question-and-answer session. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Sawant for the closing remarks. 
Abhishek Savant: 
Thank you and thank you to everyone who joined us today and participated in the discussion. 
We appreciate your questions and continued interest in IMFA. As always, we remain committed 
to transparent communication and delivering long-term value to our stakeholders. 
 
In closing, on behalf of the Board of Directors and management, we thank you all for your 
participation in this call. IMFA remains focused on operational excellence and long-term value 
creation. Should you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to us. We look 
forward to engaging with you again in the near future. Thank you again and have a great evening. 
Stay safe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Veritas Reputation, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
lfflfa 
