 
 
PLATINUM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
CIN: L24299MH2020PLC341637 
201, Ackruti Star, Pocket No. 5, Central Road, MIDC, Marol, Andheri East, Mumbai-400069, Maharashtra. 
Tel.: 022-69983999 / 022-69983900 | E-mail: compliance@platinumindustriesltd.com 
               
   Date: February 18, 2026  
 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”) 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex Bandra [E], Mumbai – 400051 
To, 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited (“BSE”) 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
NSE Scrip Symbol: PLATIND 
BSE Scrip Code: 544134 
ISIN: INE0PT501018 
ISIN: INE0PT501018 
 
 
Subject: Announcement under Reg. 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of 
Post Earnings Conference Call. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the Post Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, 13th February, 2026 at 03:00 p.m. 
(IST) for the unaudited financial results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended 31st  
December, 2025. 
 
The above information shall be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.platinumindustriesltd.com.  
 
Kindly take above intimation on your record and oblige. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Platinum Industries Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bhagyashree Mallawat 
 
 
 
 
 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A51488 
 
Enclosed: As above 
BHAGYASH
REE 
MALLAWAT
Digitally signed by 
BHAGYASHREE 
MALLAWAT 
Date: 2026.02.18 
11:42:54 +05'30'

 
 
 
PLATINUM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
Q3 & 9MFY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
February 13, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Krishna Rana - Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Ashok Bothra - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q3 and Nine Months FY 2026 
Post Earnings Conference Call of Platinum Industries Limited. Today 
on the call from the Management, we have with us Mr. Krishna Rana, 
Chairman and Managing Director; and Mr. Ashok Bothra, Chief 
Financial Officer. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business and 
performance highlights for the period ended December 2025, the 
growth perspective and vision for the coming years, post which we will 
open the floor for Q&A. 
 
Over to the management team. 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Thank you so much, Vinay. Good afternoon and thank you for joining 
us today for Platinum Industries Limited's post earnings conference call 
for the third quarter and nine months of fiscal year 2026. I am Krishna 
Dushyant Rana, Chairman and Managing Director, and I am joined by 
our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Ashok Bothra, who will provide a 
detailed overview of our financial performance shortly. 
 
First, let me start by expressing my gratitude to our dedicated team, 
valued partners, and loyal shareholders for their continued support. At 
Platinum, we remain committed to our core mission of being a leader 
in manufacturing of PVC and CPVC stabilisers in India, delivering high 
quality stabilizers, lubricants, and compounds that drive innovation in 
the construction, infrastructure, and manufacturing sectors. 
 
Turning to our performance. Q3 financial year 2026 reflects a resilience 
quarter amid a dynamic market environment. We achieved standalone 
revenue of ₹102.62 crores, marking a robust 31% year-over-year 
growth. This strong year-on-year expansion underscores the growing 
demand of our products, particularly in the PVC pipe and fittings 
segment, which benefits from India's ongoing infrastructure boom and 
urbanisation trends. 
 
For the nine months ended December 31, 2025, our top line reached 
₹302.38 crores, up 25% from the previous year driven by strategic 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
capacity expansions at our facilities and deeper penetration into key 
markets. Our focus on CPVC and sustainable low lead and calcium 
zinc, which are lead free stabilizers, continues to position us as a 
preferred partner for environmentally conscious customers aligning 
with global regulatory shifts towards greener materials. 
 
On consolidated basis, we achieve a revenue of ₹104.67 crores, marking 
a 12% year-over-year growth and the nine months ended December 31, 
2025, our top line reached ₹318.42 crores, up 7.7% from the previous 
year. Operationally, we made meaningful progress in optimising our 
supply chain and R&D initiatives. We launched new hybrid 
formulations that enhance product performance, while reducing 
environmental impact, and we expanded our export footprint 
contributing to diversified revenue streams. 
 
Looking ahead, we are optimistic about growth in the coming years with 
India's PVC consumption projected to grow at a CAGR of over 8% in 
the coming years, fuelled by the government initiatives like housing for 
all and smart city projects, we are well poised to capture this 
opportunity. We expect to accelerate our growth trajectory targeting 
more than 40% revenue growth in financial year 2027 and a 35% CAGR 
from financial year 2026 to financial year 2029. 
 
This ambitious outlook is driven by a multi-prolonged strategy, 
including the commissioning and ramp up of our new facility in Egypt, 
which will unlock high growth international markets and add cost 
efficient capacity, increase utilisation and operational scaling at our new 
Palghar facility through capacity addition, automation, process 
optimisations and efficiency improvements, deeper market penetration 
in existing geographies via portfolio expansion and new products, and 
successful launch and scaling of innovative product lines to broaden our 
offerings and capture incremental demand. 
 
These initiatives combine new capacity, geographic diversification, 
enhanced utilisation, and innovation to sustain high growth momentum 
while capitalising on structural tailwinds in our core markets. We plan 
to invest further in these capacity augmentations and technology 
upgrades with our strong balance sheet featuring low leverage, 
providing the flexibility for both organic and inorganic growth. We 
value your trust and are committed to create long-term shareholder 
value through innovation, sustainability, and execution excellence. 
 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
I will now hand over to our CFO, Mr. Ashok Bothra for a deeper dive 
into the financials of Platinum Industries. Thank you. Thank you very 
much. 
 
Ashok Bothra: 
Thank you, Sir. Good afternoon, everyone. It is a pleasure to discuss 
our financial result for the Q3 and nine month of FY 2026 in more 
detail. Let me begin with key highlights for the quarter ended December 
31, 2025. 
 
On a standalone basis, revenue came in at ₹102.62 crores, representing 
a 31% increase year-on-year basis from ₹78.47 crores in Q3 FY 2025, 
driven by higher volume of CPVC and improved product mix. On 
sequential basis, this reflect a 6% growth from ₹96.87 crores in Q2 FY 
2026. 
 
Gross margins stood at approximate 31% against 32.6% due to higher 
proportion of CPVC sale, which has a lesser margin as compared to 
other products. EBITDA for the quarter was ₹16.25 crores with a 
margin of 15.8%. Profit before tax was ₹17.54 crores, up 15% Y-o-Y 
basis, while profit after tax reached ₹12.93 crores and 18% growth year-
on-year basis and 6.5% sequential growth. On Y-o-Y basis, the main 
reason for higher PAT is increased sales volume, but partly offset by 
high COGS, depreciation, employee costs due to newly set up 
manufacturing facility at Palghar. EPS for the quarter was ₹2.35.  
 
For the nine-month period, revenue upgraded to ₹302.38 crores, a 
strong 25% Y-o-Y growth. EBITDA was ₹44.11 crores with a margin 
of 14.6%, and PAT stood at ₹37.58 crores. Moderation in PAT reflects 
the impact due to higher depreciation amid ongoing capacity expansion, 
lower other income, despite revenue grew strongly. Other factors like 
high COGS due to higher proportion of CPVC sale, which is high 
volume but less margin product, with a high potential. 
 
On balance sheet front, as of 31st December, we remain net debt free 
company underscoring our prudent financial management. We maintain 
a healthy cash position and liquidity for ongoing operation and future 
investment. Overall, our financials demonstrate resilience and a strong 
foundation for sustained growth. We continue to prioritise cost 
optimisation, risk management, and shareholder returns. 
 
Thank you, everyone. I now open the floor for your questions-and-
answers. 
 
 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. All those 
who wish to ask a question, please use the option of raise hand. 
Alternatively, you can also post your question in the chat box. We'll 
wait for a moment till the question queue assembles. We'll take the first 
question from Mr. Bhargav Buddhadev. Please go ahead. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Yeah, good afternoon and congratulations on a good set of numbers. 
My first question is that obviously now the PVC market seems to be 
turning in terms of prices going up. So is it fair to assume sort of some 
pre-buying on the back of that channel is again restocking? So is the 
volume growth likely to pick up on the back of increase in this PVC 
resin prices? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Bhargavji, thank you for your question. If you understand the PVC 
scenario, of let's consider 2024-2025. 2024-2025, the PVC consumption 
in India was somewhere around 43 lakh tonnes. From April, due to the 
prices that were continuously declining. From April to December, in 
fact, when we were talking to Reliance also, there was a 10% to 12% 
degrowth in the PVC industry. But despite of the degrowth in PVC 
industry, the CPVC grew exponentially high. 
 
So what I feel is in the month of January, from mid-January, the prices 
have reversed back due to the 13% rebate policy in China that was taken 
back by the government that has led to the prices going up and the 
sentiments of the farmers and the retailers have grown better. So what I 
see is from January, the orders that we have definitely helped us to 
understand that there is the future and the current run rate is growing 
for us. So the PVC consumption has grown from January this year. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Secondly, if you can give us some update on the Palghar expansion. So 
I think the 12,000 tonne CPVC plant is already operational. What is the 
update on the remainder of the capacity expansion and also an update 
on when do you expect the Egypt plant to start getting commissioned? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
So the first phase that was CPVC we already started manufacturing in 
Palghar, so that is up and running. We are running at almost 60% to 
65% as on today of that capacity of 12,000 tonnes. Regarding the 
calcium zinc, I think there was some problem with respect to the 
automation which has been corrected this month and probably from I 
think April, we should be having on a complete scale of production. So 
I think from April we should be able to start the commercial production 
completely for calcium zinc and the lead-free lines. 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And Egypt, when do we expect? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Egypt, we tend to complete construction by end of May and we will 
start the pre-commissioning by June. So mostly I think by 1st of 
September, we should be able to start the commercial production if 
there are no problems, but still we have told the exchange that 
December 26 is the final outlook for the 100% plant running. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And lastly in your update, you mentioned about floating a new 
subsidiary for entering into pharma. So are you looking at making APIs 
or pharma intermediates or specialty chemicals which will go into 
pharma? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
So basically, we have recently registered a company by the name of 
Rivadu LifeSciences Pvt Ltd and where Platinum is going to hold 70% 
and 30% is by one of the scientists who holds many patents in his name. 
Okay. So we are getting into different verticals of pharma with 
nutraceuticals, APIs, excipients and different niche products. So not a 
common product, but this is something niche we are entering into. What 
we foresee is a good demand for the pharma products and currently the 
process that we're going to follow is we're going to hire the production 
capacities of many pharma companies and sell it in the market and then 
we will go into investing in Capex post two or three years from there. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
So, are you confident of generating revenue in FY 2027 from this? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Yes, I can say so. But I cannot tell you the figures as of now. But yes, 
we are confident that 2026-2027 will be generating good revenue from 
the pharma business. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Because these will be all new customers for you, right? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Yes, these will be our new customers but since the product and the 
chemistry is not new for us, we are very confident that we will be able 
to convert the customers into having a niche market for these products. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Great. Thank you very much and all the very best. 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Thank you, Bhargav. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Bhargav. We will take the next question from Yash Jhurani. 
Please go ahead. 
 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Yash Jhurani: 
I wanted to understand a few things, mainly regarding the value chain. 
So, are the end users say that the Platinum supplies to being Astral, 
Prince Pipes or Supreme? Are they directly buying PVC compounds 
from their own tie ups like Lubrizol or Goldstab and cutting down on 
middlemen like Platinum? Or like what is the scenario that is currently 
happening in the value chain? The last I heard was a company like 
Prince Pipes was in a long-term relationship with Lubrizol to get their 
own PVC and CPVC compounds. 
 
Krishna Rana: 
So basically, Yash, Platinum is not acting as a middlemen. Okay. 
Number one, we are into hardcore manufacturing. The products that we 
offer to the -- let's consider there are two different products, one is PVC 
as a polymer and one is CPVC as a polymer. Since you took the name 
of Prince Pipes, Prince Pipes was earlier using products of Lubrizol, so 
now they were buying complete compounds. 
 
If you must have analysed in the past one or two years, India has come 
up with a huge capacity of manufacturing CPVC resin, okay, and the 
customers wanted to move away from using a compound, because in 
using a compound, CPVC pipe manufacturing companies were 
basically what you call you can say a mediator between Lubrizol 
because Lubrizol gives material only when the customers are using their 
brand as FlowGuard, it's called a co-branding of them. 
 
So they were always wanting to move away because the cost control 
was always in the hands of Lubrizol, they were not being able to control 
their formulation. What we did is we broke down and we entered into 
an additive sector and we told customers who are manufacturing CPVC 
pipes, they will buy resin. So when you buy a compound from Lubrizol, 
75% of the compound is dependent on resin and rest 20% to 25% is 
dependent on additives, different additives. Okay. And what we did is 
we told the customers that we have developed an additive which will 
enhance the quality of your pipe as well as it will give you an edge over 
controlling your 75% to 80% of the formulation. 
 
Means if they buy CPVC resin directly from the suppliers, they have 
the control of the resin prices, they have various resin manufacturers 
where they can buy resin from, right? So if someone is giving a product 
at 100, they can negotiate with somebody at 98 or 99 or X, Y, Z price. 
So they have an edge to buy a resin directly and they buy additives from 
us and that is how they make a compound and extruder pipe. So this is 
the area where we have entered and supplying additives and not the 
entire compound. 
 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Of course, we are also manufacturing compound for small customers 
where they require an entire compound and not just additives. But we 
are there with Supreme Industries, we are with Prince Pipes and 
Fittings. 
 
Yash Jhurani: 
Understood. So one more thing on a similar line, say one of the PPTs 
that was uploaded on the exchange in, I think around November 2024 
had few of the management estimates of the revenues. And I think 
you're delayed in terms of the revenue that we were expecting in FY 
2025? 
 
Like there was an estimate of around ₹450 crores. So how do we plan 
on getting that 40% CAGR that you just mentioned, say a few minutes 
back? Like what are the future plans that we say we jump from around, 
say we close this year at around ₹400 Cr and then next year we go to 
around ₹600 Cr, then ₹800 Cr like what are our plans? How are we 
looking forward to get those numbers? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
So, if you understand our projections, our projections had that ₹450 
crores will come from the India plant and remaining ₹100 crores or 
₹125 odd crores will come from Egypt plant. Unfortunately, the Egypt 
plant has been delayed by almost nine to 12 months and that is where 
our revenue has been shifted one year later. So that's the only gap. 
 
Yash Jhurani: 
Understood. I think that answers my questions. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Yash. We'll take the next question from Raj Shah. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Raj Shah: 
During the IPO, I think the capacity utilisation was around 40% and 
currently you said it's 60%. So what is the optimum capacity utilisation 
achieved from our Unit 1? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Raj, we have a different product mix. Okay, like let's talk about 
stabilizers. Now, when we started in 2016, 2018, when we expanded 
our capacity, we have two forms, one is powder form and one is solid 
form. Solid is flakes form. When you make a product in a reactor, it 
goes on a flaker and it converts into a solid form and powder is just a 
blend and you just pack it. In India, when we started the plant, we were 
not aware that whether the customers in India for the lead-free additives 
will be accepting the powder capacity or they'll be accepting a flakes 
capacity, but we went with both the capacities so that the customer is 
having both the options in terms of having a better processability at their 
end. 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
So when you talk about flakes, in Unit 1, we were running at 95% of 
the capacity in flakes form, and the Unit 2, the new unit we did, the 
100%, almost 80% of the capacity that we expanded is in the solid form, 
that is in flakes form. So the powder capacity was utilised only 10%. 
Now today, what we've done is we've done some technology 
advancement and we were successful to launch a lead-free product, 
there is a pipe manufacturing when the pipe manufactures, they have a 
pipe manufacturing unit as well as fittings, the fittings are where the 
pipes are joined with. 
 
So we were successful in converting the pipe manufacturers to fitting. 
Now our powder capacity is running at almost 20%, 30% which is 
continuously increasing. So if you see the product mix, we will be able 
to answer you in terms of product mix that which product which is the 
highest sale is running on 90%, lowest sale is running on 10%. 
 
Raj Shah: 
So to answer in a better way, what is the revenue potential of our Indian 
factories? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Ashokji, would you like to answer this question? 
 
Ashok Bothra: 
From new plant, we can generate a maximum sales revenue of around 
₹700 crores to ₹750 crores over a period of three to four years. 
 
Krishna Rana: 
That is only in PVC. In CPVC, it is somewhere around ₹600 crores. 
 
Raj Shah: 
So total ₹1,400 crores you are telling? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Correct. 
 
Raj Shah: 
From Unit 1? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
From Unit 1 and Unit 2 both. 
 
Raj Shah: 
Okay, So can you give me product wise revenue bifurcation? Like, how 
much revenue comes from which product? 
 
Ashok Bothra: 
So we will get back to you. You can connect with me offline. We will 
share with you. 
 
Raj Shah: 
My question is, this 40% FY 2027 growth and 35% CAGR for three 
years is including pharma business, or it is only PVC? 
 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Ashok Bothra: 
This is other than pharma. 
 
Raj Shah: 
This is other than pharma? 
 
Ashok Bothra: 
Yeah. 
 
Raj Shah: 
Okay. And recently, we issued some shares of Platinum Oleo Chemicals 
to external shareholders. So what is the business of Platinum Oleo 
Chemicals, and what is the reason for issuing shares to external 
shareholders? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
So Platinum Oleo Chemicals, we are investing in Oleo Chemicals 
derivatives. So we are researching on these products like, these are the 
products which are used for not PVC, not CPVC, but for the entire 
polyolefin sector. So whether it's HD, LLDPE, PET these oleo based 
derivatives are used for also the companies who, which other companies 
are manufacturing these products, one is Fine Organics, and one is 
Adani Wilmar. 
 
So, since two and a half years since we've spent heavily on R&D and 
we were able to launch few products and sell it to the market. We have 
ventured into Platinum Oleo Chemicals, and we are going with a higher 
capacity in future to manufacture these oleamide, erucamide and 
different easter waxes for the entire polyolefins sector. 
 
So recently Mr. Anand Pachigar, who is also a family member, brother 
of my wife and since I am the only person in the organisation, I thought 
that I need some hands to handhold the other projects also. So that's how 
we have parted some 10% equity to Mr. Anand Pachigar, and 0.5% 
equity to Mr. Anand Shankar who was the ex-Honeywell guy who's 
managing the entire technicality of this project. 
 
So Anand Shankar worked with Honeywell Additives for more than 12 
years. He left and he joined Platinum as a Business Director, New 
Product Development and Innovations. So he's the one who's setting up 
the oleo plant for us. 
 
Raj Shah: 
Okay. So can I say there are total three businesses? One is PVC, which 
is established. The second is pharma in which we are investing… 
 
Krishna Rana: 
I'll explain you in verticals. One is PVC, one is CPVC, one is OLEO, 
and fourth, the new entrant is the Pharma. Yes. So pharma we are still 
identifying which way should we go and how will we plan, so it's still 
under planning. 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
Raj Shah: 
Okay. And if I see, like our margins are continuously decreasing, like 
in FY 2023 it was 23%, FY 2024 it was 23%, FY 2025 15% and now is 
also 15%. So what is stable state margins? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
So you're asking a question that the margins are declining? 
 
Raj Shah: 
Yes, correct. 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Okay. So CPVC basically has given a good revenue to us this year and 
CPVC is absolutely a new product to the Indian market. So when you 
talk about new product into the market, yet we have not achieved the 
entire raw material cost in terms of, like for example, in PVC, when we 
talk about lead-free products, we are working on a contribution of say 
30% to 35%. But in CPVC, we worked on a contribution of 7% last 
year, then we increased the contribution to almost 12% in the first two 
quarters, in the third quarter it came to almost 17%. 
 
So the new product has its own life cycle in terms of getting to its 
matured state, because the raw materials we are using from all 
renowned companies, so we need to find alternatives and we were very 
successful in two quarters back to find the alternatives to make the 
formulation more effective in terms of having the same performance, 
but yet effective in terms of cost also. So that is what has led to the 
increase in little bit of margins for that. 
 
Raj Shah: 
Okay. So my last question is. Yeah, so can I say that in Egypt business, 
the revenue potential is ₹600 crores, but we are targeting, in two, three 
years we will reach ₹300 crores. 
 
Krishna Rana: 
In Egypt? 
 
Raj Shah: 
Yeah. Correct. In Egypt. 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Yes. I think you're right. 
 
Raj Shah: 
So like three years is a good time. So only 50% utilisation we are 
targeting in three years. 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Ashokji, you have the Egypt numbers? 
 
Ashok Bothra: 
It is around ₹250 crores to ₹300 crores over a period of three years. 
 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Raj Shah: 
So what I'm saying is, total revenue potential is around ₹600 crores. So 
three years is a pretty good time. So we are targeting only 50% 
utilisation in three years? 
 
Moderator: 
I think Raj, you are not clearly audible. 
 
Raj Shah: 
Well, I can chat. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay. We'll take the next question from Krutarth J. Please go ahead. 
We'll move on to question from chat. 
 
Moderator: 
The question from Mrunal in chat is, can you elaborate your strategy 
and thought process to go to Egypt? How does it help us in terms of 
tapping markets and what is the cost benefit analysis? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Okay. So thank you, Vinay. Like Egypt, basically Egypt holds around 
Multi Free Trade Agreements (FTA), right? And if you talk about the 
strategic location, it's closer to the Western world. Such FTAs means 
almost 130 countries can import from Egypt duty-free. So, we have 
access to 130 countries, whether it is South America, whether it's 
America Qualifying Industrial Zones(QIZ), Europe, Turkey, Middle 
East, the entire African market. We have a better edge into getting and 
penetrating to the markets faster. 
 
Talking about the kind of benefits that we have. Just giving you a small 
example that, which I always say that why we went to Egypt was, we 
wanted to cater to a customer in Uzbekistan from India, and we 
understood that for a 20-feet container from India to Uzbekistan was 
somewhere around $5,500 to $6,000 for a 20-feet container, and that's 
when we realised that, where are they buying from? So they were 
buying from one of our competitors in Turkey that is Akdeniz Kimya 
and Akdeniz Kimya holds a very strong market share in the Middle East 
side. 
 
This is the same thought that led us to think that we should have a plant 
which is close to the Western world and that's where we realised that 
India and Egypt hold a bilateral agreement, and the benefit is that if we 
wanted to supply to an Uzbekistan customer from Egypt, it was 
somewhere around only $450 to $500. So the gap was really big that 
time, and that's why we decided to put a plant over there. 
 
The benefits of putting a plant over there is like, the electricity cost, 
which is the biggest benefit. We have a plant in Maharashtra where the 
per unit cost of electricity is somewhere around ₹14.5 to ₹15 per unit, 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
but if you go to Egypt, it's ₹2.9 to ₹3 per unit. So that's a huge benefit 
in having an operational efficiency in terms of manufacturing these 
products. 
 
We have set up a plant for lead-based commodities. So let's understand 
if India, if we are manufacturing a lead-based product, we're fetching a 
contribution margin of 18%. But if in Egypt, we are manufacturing, we 
are fetching a contribution margin of almost 22%, 23%. I think this 
difference itself will make you understand that the operational benefit 
is much higher as compared to India. 
 
Moderator: 
The second part of a question is, what are going to be your focus product 
from Egypt? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Lead, as I mentioned that our major capacity is lead and stearates that 
are metallic stearates which are used for the petrochemical industries. 
We are also setting up a plant for CPVC, but we are still identifying that 
how easy for us is to supply from India to the South American and the 
North American markets. So we are also setting up a plant for CPVC 
compounds over there. 
 
Moderator: 
Her third question is, you have put out an announcement regarding 
setting up of a new subsidiary where you plan to take at least 70% equity 
stake. Can you throw some more light on that and who will have the 
remaining 30%? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Yeah, that is the pharmaceutical which we already spoke on. I think Mr. 
Bhargav's question was the same in the start that we registered a 
company called Rivadu Lifesciences Private Limited where 70% is 
Platinum Industries and 30% is a very renowned scientist who holds 
many patents in his name. So as we are getting into pharma sector. 
 
Moderator: 
Sure. Raj had a problem in the line, so he sent his message on the chat. 
The Egypt business, am I right in saying that revenue potential is ₹600 
crores? If yes, then by in three years, we are targeting only ₹300 crores 
that is 50% utilisation? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Yeah, because it's a new plant, it's a new geographical location for us. 
Initially it takes time to build up the capacities and build up the sales 
also. So I think every manufacturing company has its own cycle like in 
India when we started, it took us almost four, four and a half years to 
cross even 40%, 50% capacity what we had installed. So I think the 
company has its own life cycle. 
 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Moderator:  
We'll take the next question from Yash Jhurani. Yash, you can go ahead 
please. 
 
Yash Jhurani: 
Hi, just wanted to confirm few things again. You just said that in the 
Egypt plant, you are focusing on a lead based capacity majorly for the 
petrochem sector. Can you describe… 
 
Krishna Rana:  
Not only petrochem, there are many products, lead, lead stabilizers, then 
there are products which we are going to manufacture for the 
petrochemical companies, which are stearates, metallic stearates. 
 
Yash Jhurani: 
So when we say look at the overall industry, like companies are more 
focused on moving away from lead based or lead products. How like 
and we are trying to set up a factory where our majorly products will be 
on the lead based side. So how does that add up? Like, I want to 
understand what your thoughts are on that? 
 
Krishna Rana:  
So the market area from Egypt that we are going to cater to is Africa, 
Middle East, Turkey, Russia, America. Of course, for American 
markets, we are mainly focusing on CPVC and we will be having a very 
small barrel capacity for calcium zinc for the transplant application for 
the American markets. So why lead more is because the demand and 
the notifications have not come globally for in countries in African 
region that you know they have to stop the usage of lead, in Russia, is 
not there. In Saudi Arabia, in The Middle East, it's not there. So say 
tomorrow, say in 24 hours or in 36 hours, everybody says that, 
tomorrow we'll stop lead. Our machines are going to be the same. We 
just have to have a cleaning of the machine, make it more potent and 
then start manufacturing calcium zinc on that. 
 
Yash Jhurani: 
Understood. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. There's again a question in chat from Krutarth. Hello, 
congratulations on great set of number. Two questions. First, any scope 
of margin expansion after commencement of operations in Egypt? And 
the second question is any future plans on inorganic growth through 
acquisitions? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Regarding first question, the margin expansion, yes, we are expecting a 
margin expansion in Egypt with the lead products as I explained you 
earlier that in India due to the operational efficiency over there, we see 
that the margin expansion is quite visible for us. Secondly, the second 
question was with respect to Vinay. 
 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Just a second, with regards to any future plans on inorganic growth 
through acquisitions? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Yes, we might eye acquisitions as and when we want to grow. So 
probably our major focus is mainly on the current capacity to be filled 
in and of course acquisition is a way to grow the company also in future 
we will definitely have it in mind. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay. Anybody else who wishes to ask a question please use the option 
of raise hand. There is a question in chat from Ashish Barod. Any 
specific reason for the name of the new subsidiary as Rivadu? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
The question is why Rivadu? What is the meaning of Rivadu? Is this? 
So Rivadu is like, Rivan, my elder son's name is Rivan, so Ri, V is Veer, 
my younger one V, and A is Abhigyan who is with us and Du is 
Dushyant, my father's name. That's how we arrived at Rivadu. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay. We'll take the next question from Dhiral Shah. Dhiral, you can 
go ahead please. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
Yes, last two years, we have seen a very good increase in the overall 
gross block of the company. So can you explain in detail where we have 
expanded our capacity? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Sure. Ashokji, would you like to answer this, please? 
 
Ashok Bothra: 
Could you please repeat your question? 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
In last two to three years, we have seen a very good Capex, and that is 
why our gross block have also expanded in last two three years. So if 
you can explain where we have expanded our capacity in which product 
categories? 
 
Ashok Bothra: 
So our main products are PVC stabilizer and CPVC stabilizer. Okay. 
So earlier our capacity was around 30,000 metric tonne. Now we are 
setting up additional facility of 60,000MT each at Palghar and Egypt. 
 
So ,by March or April, we will optimial utilise this Palghar facility. 
So,there will be growth in the volume as in revenue. And from Egypt 
plant, say, the plant will be available to us for a period of say, six months 
in this year, FY 2027. So over a period of three to four years, we are 
expecting a growth of around with the CAGR of around 40% minimum 
and with commensurate margins. 
 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay. And if you can bifurcate how much of the percentage of revenue 
coming from PVC stabilizer and how much is from CPVC stabilizer? 
And in Egypt where we are increasing our capacity to putting up a 
60,000 tonne capacity. Is it purely a PVC capacity over there? 
 
Ashok Bothra: 
So roughly, if you break down say sale of ~ ₹1,500 odd crores, ~ ₹200 
crores will be coming from lead stabilizer  and Stearates from India, ~ 
₹400 crores will be lead-free. Then again, lubricants around ₹100 crores 
and CPVC will be around ₹250 and from Egypt, it will be mainly lead 
based stabilizer. It will be around ₹250 odd crores, then Oleo and other 
products are there, so they will conclude around ₹300 crores. So these 
are the basic breakdown of the top line over a period of four years. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
So for Oleo, how much of the capacity or what is it, Capex that we have 
done for this particular segment? 
 
Krishna Rana:  
We have not done any Capex for the Oleo. We have just invested 
heavily in the R&D in terms of research and development in past two 
years. Today, for the Oleo business, we are going through a CDMO 
process, and we are getting it made from different companies based on 
our research and development. The quality of our product depends on 
us, and we're going to do a seed marketing for at least one year, and 
basis on that, I think by next year, we plan to invest in a 40,000 tonnes 
of capacity for the Oleamides itself and the derivatives. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
And what will be the Capex requirement for the same? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
So the Capex for the Oleo Chemicals would be somewhere around ₹150 
crores to ₹200 crores. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
And how we are looking to fund this Capex? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
So, through a debt route or it depends at that time, what is the situation. 
Maybe we do it with an internal accrual or through a debt route or 
maybe raise some equity. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay, and when you are going to start your Egypt capacity, let's say 
from maybe September or maybe Q3 onwards, what kind of margins 
we are expecting in this segment? As you mentioned, there is high 
amount of operational efficiency because of the lower power cost and 
maybe lower freight cost. But what would be the overall margin that we 
are looking to generate in this region? 
 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Krishna Rana: 
So at an optimised level, I feel that somewhere in lead if, as I explained 
earlier that in India, we are somewhere in 18% to 19% of contribution 
margins in lead. It's a highly commodity product, but in Egypt, it should 
be somewhere around 23% to 24% of contribution margins. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
So this will be EBITDA margin, 23% to 24%? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
These are contribution, gross margins. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
But on the EBITDA side, how much it would be generating? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
I think on EBITDA, it would be generating somewhere around because 
this will be, we are starting only lead. So it's a total 60,000 tonnes of 
capacity. Lead is around 30,000 tonnes. Lubricants is somewhere 
around 5,000 tonnes, 15,000 tonnes, 12,000 tonnes is around stearates 
and around 20,000 tonnes is CPVC. So when you talk about only lead, 
I don't think I'll be able to justify this, but it would be somewhere around 
12% to 13%. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
I'm asking on the overall basis. Once this maybe 60,000 tonne capacity. 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Ashokji, you have the futuristic projections. If you can just guide them 
the three year scenario from today. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
We'll avoid giving any specific annual numbers. We'll give a broad 
guidance. 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Okay. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
Broad guidance is 12% to 13% EBITDA margin from the Egypt 
segment. 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Correct, initially, but I feel that, it will go up to 15%, 16%. So initially 
for first few years, first two or three years it will be around 12% to 13% 
on lead products. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
So now when sir PVC prices have started moving up, so do you feel 
that maybe going ahead let's say in FY 2027 India, PVC business will 
give us the good margins because if I look at your 2024, 2023 numbers 
where margins were about 20% and now it has came down to 15%. So 
do you feel that kind of margins are achievable once again? 
 
Krishna Rana:  
I think the projections that we have shown also it is somewhere for the 
entire portfolio, we have shown that 11% to 12% is going to be our PAT 

Platinum Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2026, 03:00 p.m. IST 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
margins. So somewhere, I think 15%, 16%, 17% is what we'll be able 
to maintain it with the product mix. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay, and just last one question, if I ask, in the December quarter, we 
have seen a 1% reduction in the promoter stake. So, any particular 
reason for that? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
So we had sold somewhere around 5,30,000 shares in the market 
because there were some personal loans which I had to get rid of. So, 
this is what I had just sold around 5 lakhs. ~1% . 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
Any future stakes in kind of a thing or maybe this is what we have… 
 
Krishna Rana: 
Not planned anything in the short run at all. Nothing planned. 
 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay. So no further stakes in or maybe no citing on shares. Okay, okay, 
thank you so much. That's all from me. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Dhiral. Since we have a hard stop, we would like to request 
the management to give in their closing comments. Would you like to 
give in your closing comments, Krishna? 
 
Krishna Rana: 
No, thank you, thank you so much. It was really a pleasure meeting all 
of you and we just wish for all of your prayers for Platinum Industries. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you to all the participants for joining on the call, and 
thank you to the management team. This brings us to the end of today's 
conference call. Thank you. 
