 
 
9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Tel 91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6630 3672 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com website www.tcs.com 
Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Corporate Identity No. (CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781 
TCS/SE/10/2026-27 
 
April 14, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
 
 
 
P. J. Towers,   
    
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)   
 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400051                                                             Mumbai - 400001    
Symbol - TCS 
                                                            Scrip Code No. 532540  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended  
March 31, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2026, conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held 
on April 9, 2026, for your information and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.tcs.com.     
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Tata Consultancy Services Limited  
 
 
 
Yashaswin Sheth 
Company Secretary 
ACS 15388 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
YASHASWIN 
NARENDRA 
SHETH
Digitally signed by 
YASHASWIN 
NARENDRA SHETH 
Date: 2026.04.14 
19:57:43 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 34 
 
Tata Consultancy Services Limited 
Financial Results Q4 & Full Year FY 2026 Conference Call 
April 09, 2026,19:00 hrs IST (08:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the TCS Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nehal Shah, Head of Investor 
Relations at TCS. Thank you and over to you. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you, operator. Good evening and welcome everyone. Thank you for 
joining us today to discuss TCS's ﬁnancial results for the fourth quarter 
and full year FY2026 that ended on March 31st, 2026. This call is being 
webcast to our website and an archive including the transcript will be 
available on the site for the duration of this quarter. 
 
The ﬁnancial statements, quarterly fact sheets and press releases are 
also available on our website. Our leadership team is present on this call 
to discuss our results. We have with us today Mr. K Krithivasan, Chief 
Executive Officer and Managing Director. 
K Krithivasan: 
Hi everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
Ms. Aarthi Subramanian, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director. 
Aarthi Subramanian: 
Good evening, everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
Mr. Samir Seksaria, Chief Financial Officer. 
Samir Seksaria: 
Hello everyone. 

 
Page 2 of 34 
 
Nehal Shah: 
And Mr. Sudeep Kunnumal, Chief HR Officer. 
Sudeep Kunnumal: Hello everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
Our management team will give a brief overview of the company's 
performance followed by a Q&A session. As you are aware, we don't 
provide any speciﬁc revenue or earnings guidance, and anything said on 
this call which reﬂects our outlook for the future or which could be 
construed as a forward-looking statement must be reviewed in 
conjunction with the risk that the company faces. 
 
We have outlined this risk in the second slide of the quarterly fact sheet 
available on our website and email out to those who have subscribed on 
our mailing list. 
 
With that, I would like to turn the call over to Krithi. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, Nehal.    
Good day everyone and thank you for joining us today.  
I would like to open with ﬁve key messages for the quarter and the year:  
1. First, about Q4 – We are very pleased to announce third consecutive 
quarter of sequential growth. We delivered a strong 1.2% 
sequentially on a constant currency (CC) basis, in the backdrop of 
intensifying geopolitical conﬂicts and macro-economic uncertainty. 
This momentum was broad based across major markets, with North 
America growing 1.4% QoQ, UK growing 2.4% QoQ and Europe 
growing 1.0% QoQ in CC. Most of the industry segments also grew.  
Our order book performance was also very strong in Q4, with $12 
billion in TCV including three mega deal wins from Marks and 
Spencer, a leading telecom operator in the UK, and a leading 
American healthcare & pharmacy retailer.  This underscores the 

 
Page 3 of 34 
 
strength of our ﬁve pillar strategy and our AI-led positioning across 
services.    
2. Second key message is on our client metrics – You will see from the 
factsheet 
that every revenue 
band saw 
healthy 
additions this 
quarter after a gap of about 2 years, which speaks to the early signs of 
stability and growth returning to our mid-sized and large accounts. The 
number of accounts where we generate more than $100 million 
annually increased by 4 QoQ, bringing the total to 66; we added 3 more 
clients in the $50 million+ band, bringing the total to 139; and 14 more 
clients in the $1 million+ band bringing the total to 1,397 from 
last quarter.  
3. Third message is on the announcement of salary increments. We 
have announced annual salary increments for our eligible associates 
across all grades, effective April 1.  
4. Fourth is the momentum we see in our AI Services, which 
continued to accelerate impressively, standing at US$2.3 billion on an 
annualized basis.  
5. Lastly, the promise we see in our HyperVault Business – which has 
made signiﬁcant progress this quarter on its journey to build out 1 GW 
of capacity. This includes winning customer commitments, land 
parcel ﬁnalizations and partnering agreements. We are actively 
engaging across the full ecosystem of—hyperscalers, semiconductor 
companies, and model providers, while TCS is the integration partner 
across infrastructure, engineering, and AI-led services. Demand 
signals remain strong and are translating into structured engagements 
and commitments, positioning TCS at the forefront of this build-out. 
As we progress, this infrastructure layer is forming the foundation of 
TCS’s full spectrum play from infrastructure to intelligence.  

 
Page 4 of 34 
 
Coming to our full year performance, even though our FY 2026 revenue 
declined by 2.4% in constant currency, we delivered a strong $40.7B in 
TCV including 5 mega deals. We maintained a strong focus on execution 
to deliver an operating margin of 25%. This is the highest operating margin 
achieved in the last 4 years.  
As enterprises navigate increasing complexity across technology, 
operating models, and business transformation, the role of trusted 
System Integrators has become even more vital. Clients are looking for 
partners who can bring deep technology excellence, strong enterprise 
and industry context, and take end-to-end accountability with conﬁdence 
on outcomes and ROI. In FY26, TCS was uniquely positioned to meet 
these expectations through sustained investments in AI led engineering, a 
highly skilled and scalable talent base, differentiated solutions, and a 
strong partner ecosystem. This has translated into the major highlights I 
talked about earlier, broad based client additions across revenue bands, 
strong TCV, and continued momentum in large deals, with clients showing 
greater willingness to commit to long term, multiyear, multimillion dollar 
partnerships reﬂecting the trust they place in TCS to deliver certainty and 
value at scale over extended transformation journeys.  
I will now invite Samir, Aarthi and Sudeep to go over different aspects of 
our performance during the quarter.  
I will step in later to provide more colour on the demand trends we are 
seeing in our key verticals and our outlook for the next year. Over to you, 
Samir.  
Samir Seksaria: 
Thank you, Krithi. Good day to all.   
I will start with the commentary on the recent quarter and then proceed to 
the Full year numbers.  

 
Page 5 of 34 
 
In 
the fourth 
quarter 
of ﬁnancial 
year 2026, 
our 
revenue 
was ₹70,698 crore, which is a quarter-on-quarter growth of 5.4%. In dollar 
terms, revenue was $7.621 billion, a quarter-on-quarter growth of 1.5%. 
In constant currency, we had a sequential revenue growth of 1.2%.   
Our Q4 operating margin stood at 25.3%, a sequential increase of 10 
basis points.   
During the quarter, we saw an improvement in realizations driven by 
continued focus on value-led delivery. Currency was also supportive 
during the quarter, providing a translation tailwind. These factors 
contributed to a beneﬁt of around 40 basis points and 110 basis 
points respectively.  
Consistent with the ‘Build–Partner-Acquire’ strategy we shared at our 
Analyst Day, we consciously reinvested these tailwinds back into 
strengthening our capabilities and growth engines.  
• 
Under ‘Build’, we saw higher external consultants’ cost of 40 basis 
points, to capture the demand and to ensure delivery timelines and 
quality were protected while we continue to scale internal 
capabilities.   
In parallel, we made targeted interventions in critical talent, 
certiﬁcations, upskilling and creation of niche delivery pods. These 
investments are aimed at building a scalable, future-ready AI delivery 
model that straddles the entire stack across our Infrastructure to 
Intelligence strategy layout. Also, the ingoing impact of the India wage 
code is included. Together these two accounted for an impact of 40 
basis points.  
• 
Under ‘Partner’, we stepped up investments in ecosystem 
partnerships, reﬂected in multiple announcements such as OpenAI, 

 
Page 6 of 34 
 
AMD and ServiceNow made during the quarter. These investments are 
focused on industrialising AI solutions, increasing cross-sell 
opportunities, and improving speed-to-value for clients through 
deeper hyperscaler and platform collaboration.  
We also increased go-to-market activity, with higher participation in 
client events, showcases and industry forums. This is directly linked to 
expanding 
demand 
pipeline 
and 
improving 
conversion 
by demonstrating our AI and platform-led offerings. Together, these two 
accounted for a margin impact of 50 basis points.  
• 
Finally, aligned to ‘Acquire’, we incurred integration-related 
investments of approximately 10 basis points, as we embedded 
acquired capabilities into our operating model. This included talent 
alignment, platform integration, go-to-market enablement and delivery 
readiness, all aimed at accelerating synergy realisation and scaling new 
offerings.   
Net margins for Q4 were 19.4%, and our EPS grew 12.2% YoY.  
Our accounts receivable stood at 74 DSO in dollar terms for Q4, down 2 
days sequentially.  
Our cash conversion this quarter continues to be strong, exceeding 
100% of our net proﬁts. Net cash from operations was $1.6 billion, which 
is 106.7% of our net income.  
Invested funds at the end of the period stood at $5.3 billion.  
Coming to the full year FY26, our revenue was ₹267,021 crore, which is 
a growth of 4.6% on a YoY basis. In dollar terms, the reported revenue 
was $30.017 billion, a decline of 0.5%. In Constant currency terms, 
revenue declined 2.4% YoY.  

 
Page 7 of 34 
 
For FY26, our operating margin was 25%, an expansion of 70 basis 
points over the prior year, and at a 4-year high.   
The operating margin for the year excludes a few one-off items recognised 
during this year. These exceptional items relate to severance-related 
expenses, legal provisions, and the impact of changes in India wage 
code.  
Net margins for FY26 were 19.8% and our EPS grew 8.8% YoY.  
Our effective tax rate for the year was 24.6%.  
Going forward, we will continue our investments to maximise growth. Our 
operational rigor will continue to focus on optimizing margins, robust 
cash conversion and strengthening the balance sheet.   
We remain ﬁrmly committed to returning substantial free cash ﬂow to 
shareholders through a consistent and shareholder friendly dividend 
policy, while prudently expanding investments under the ‘Build-Partner-
Acquire’ framework to strengthen long-term growth.  
The Board has recommended a ﬁnal dividend of ₹31 per share, taking the 
total dividend for the year to ₹110.    
I would now like to invite Aarthi.  
Aarthi Subramanian: 
Thank you, Samir. Good evening to all of you.   
FY26 was a pivotal year for enterprise AI adoption across industries. For 
the ﬁrst time since the advent of GenAI in late 2022, the shift from 
experimentation to scaled AI deployment showed a marked improvement 
last year. AI became a core part of our every customer conversation and 
solutioning, creating a tailwind for enterprise adoption. In Q4, our 
annualized AI revenues surpassed $2.3 billion, driven by the accelerated 
deployment of AI solutions across industries.   

 
Page 8 of 34 
 
We experienced strong deal momentum across new services in 
Enterprise Transformation, Digital Engineering, and Cloud Modernization. 
Our HyperVault business has made signiﬁcant progress since the 
announcement in October 2025.  
Last quarter, I spoke about our two-pronged approach to engaging deeply 
with our customers on AI. One, to help them ‘Get ready with AI’, and two, 
to partner with them to ‘Lead with AI’. Let me share more detailed updates 
on both these areas.  
Get AI Ready  
While our customers want to accelerate AI adoption, their current 
enterprise stack lacks the readiness for what it takes to scale. We are 
working with our customers to address this gap by upgrading their 
infrastructure to be scalable and secure, modernizing their core 
applications and setting up modern data foundation. Signiﬁcant part of 
the technology spend is being invested in these areas.  
Let me share a few examples:  
• 
TCS modernized mission-critical crew management systems using 
Generative AI for a European Airline. We reverse-engineered complex 
legacy systems to reconstruct the core business logic embedded in 
these systems. This modernization was powered by Google Gemini 
platform. The airline now has a scalable foundation to build new-age 
crew operations solution.   
• 
For a car rental company in US, we executed a complex, high-stakes 
legacy data warehouse migration, moving over 20 terabytes of 
mission-critical data to a Modern Data platform. This program 
decommissioned their legacy systems delivering an estimated $2.5 

 
Page 9 of 34 
 
million in savings but more importantly, it established a scalable data 
foundation for them to Get Ready for AI.  
Lead with AI  
To help our customers implement AI in their context, we have created an 
AI acceleration playbook – Innovate with AI, Build with AI and Scale with 
AI. This year, we deployed this playbook across a signiﬁcant number of 
our customers to solve high-value business problems in rapid 
deployment cycles of 12-16 weeks.   
• 
For a leading utility company in the US, we conducted CxO-level AI 
immersion programs to identify challenges that can be best solved 
with AI. We also built their Enterprise AI Platform which provides a 
secure scalable foundation to industrialize AI adoption.  
Physical AI deployment is also gaining traction in industrial sector. Digital 
twins, computer vision, quadruped-based solutions are driving 
efficiencies, throughput and safety.  
• For an electronics manufacturer, in their fabrication facilities, we 
are integrating NVIDIA Omniverse-driven digital twins with 
autonomous quadruped-based inspection systems. This Physical 
AI solution is driving better construction accuracy and 
proactively identiﬁes safety hazards.  
Services transformation  
Redeﬁning every service line is central to our Five-pillar strategy. TCS has 
created a services re-design framework which we call our  ‘Human + AI’ 
Service autonomy model. This model integrates service line speciﬁc 
industry leading tools which are integral to delivering value in the 
customer context.   

 
Page 10 of 34 
 
This is resonating well with our customers as it provides a well-deﬁned 
framework for consistent deployment across the enterprise. We are 
taking AI-led re-designed services proactively to our existing customers 
and new prospects.  
In last 2 years, AI model capabilities have evolved tremendously and 
rapidly. Yet there is a gap in enterprises realizing the true potential of 
these technologies. One of the challenges our customers face is that they 
have invested in these tools but have not yet reaped the expected 
productivity beneﬁts. Our goal is to systematically help our customers 
address these gaps with our ‘Human + AI’ Service autonomy model.  
• For a retailer in UK, we deployed the AI-Engineering framework 
with agents through the software lifecycle from translating 
unstructured requirements into structured speciﬁcations as well 
as executing spec-driven coding, testing, and deployment. Our 
‘Human+AI’ approach accelerated software delivery and reduced 
the deployment cycle time by about 40%.  
Business process services is becoming a fast adopter of Agentic AI. We 
are working with multiple customers on their AI-led GBS transformation.    
• For a steel major, TCS proactively deployed AI agents in 
procurement bid management process, resulting in order to 
invoice cycle reducing from 28 days to under 10 days.  
In FY26, all next-gen services delivered strong growth across industries 
and markets, backed by our continued investments in AI, talent, and 
innovative solutions.  
 
 

 
Page 11 of 34 
 
Partnerships  
In FY26, we invested signiﬁcantly in strengthening our AI partnerships. 
This includes Enterprise partners, Hyperscalers, Deep Tech AI native 
partners and domain speciﬁc partners.   
In Q4, we forged several strategic partnerships that have expanded 
our joint collaboration, this includes a partnership with ServiceNow, 
Google Cloud and ABB. 
With Open AI, we announced a partnership spanning multiple high-
impact areas - empowering Tata group employees with ChatGPT 
enterprise, building industry speciﬁc agents, Joint go to market initiatives 
and creating a state-of-the-art AI infrastructure.  
HyperVault  
Finally, I would like to provide an update on TCS HyperVault.  
Our engagements with hyperscalers and frontier AI model companies 
have moved beyond early exploration into design alignment, security 
frameworks, site due diligence, and commercial structuring. We see the 
demand converging around large, anchor AI workloads in the 100–200 MW 
range per customer.   
HyperVault has aligned a deep partner ecosystem, including Tata Power, 
Tata Projects, Tata Communications as well as GE, Honeywell, ABB, 
Siemens, and many of our customers to cover EPC, power, cooling, 
controls, network and security.  
Some of the key announcements we made this quarter are:  
• We have partnered with Open AI to build 100 MW capacity, with an 
option to scale to 1 GW. 

 
Page 12 of 34 
 
• In collaboration with AMD, we are combining their world class 
“Helios” rack-scale AI architecture with Tata group synergies to 
create high density AI capacity in India. 
• We signed an MOU with ABB to strengthen collaboration across IT 
infrastructure and applications, digital and industrial AI initiatives, 
data centres, and other emerging technologies.  
 
In summary, FY26 saw a good momentum on AI and new services. As we 
move into FY27, we will continue to accelerate deployment of our ﬁve-
pillar AI strategy. We are well positioned to support our customers with a 
deep knowledge of the enterprise context that we possess and our ability 
to integrate AI into the customer business and technology landscape to 
create customer value. 
Thank you. I would now like to hand over to Sudeep.  
Sudeep Kunnumal: Thank you, Aarthi. Good evening, all of you.   
At the outset, I would like to thank all our employees and their families 
stationed in West Asia for their utmost dedication and resilience during 
these tough times.   
All our employees and their families in the Middle East are safe and we 
are in constant touch with them providing the necessary support.    
At the end of March 2026, our global headcount stood at 584,519, with 
associates from 149 nationalities of whom 35.2% are women.   
We have announced Annual increments to all eligible employees across 
grades, effective April 1, with top performers getting double digit increase. 
We are focused on building a future-ready organization by strategically 
hiring both fresh graduates and experienced professionals. Our 

 
Page 13 of 34 
 
recruitment efforts have been concentrated on individuals with expertise 
in AI, data, Enterprise Solutions, software engineering, cloud, 
cybersecurity, and digital engineering.   
In FY26, we have also hired over 750 employees with deep advisory and 
consulting expertise.  
We stepped up our investments in talent development initiatives as well.  
• 
In FY26, a total of 69 million learning hours has been completed, 
and 5.2 million competencies have been attained by our associates.   
• 
Over 270,000 associates now possess advanced proﬁciencies in AI 
and machine learning.  
TCS demonstrates its commitment to innovation by being its own 
"customer zero", adopting and reﬁning AI technologies across internal HR 
practices before deploying them externally.   
Within the human resources function, we are embracing AI as follows:  
• 
Nearly half of internal resource allocations occur through the internal 
Talent Market Place which uses AI driven recommendations to match 
demand and supply.   
• 
Our GenAI-powered Learning Coach platform has helped over 
100,000 TCS employees improve their proﬁciency through targeted, 
role-speciﬁc learning.   
• 
Our GenAI enabled Interviewer accelerates hiring with technical 
assessments, while our AI recruitment platform enhances post-offer 
engagement to answer very speciﬁc queries.   
• 
The AI assistant provides instant multilingual, contextual HR policy 
support, improving employee experience.   

 
Page 14 of 34 
 
We have further strengthened our position as Employer of Choice 
globally and are pleased to have been recognized as an Enterprise-wide 
Top Employer for the 11th consecutive year by the Top Employers 
Institute - reﬂecting our commitment to foster an inclusive and engaging 
workplace where our people can thrive and grow.  
I would now like to invite you back Krithi.  
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, Sudeep.   
Scaling Enterprise AI adoption requires organizations to address 
technology debt, data readiness, and operating model complexity. AI will 
enable clients to rapidly move from end consumer feedback to demand 
identiﬁcation to code.   
With every tech cycle, clients have realized far greater value and TCS has 
scaled its business. With AI, TCS aspires to be the World’s largest AI led 
Tech Services company. This aspiration is powered by:  
• 
Capitalizing on AI led renewals, vendor consolidation and cost 
optimization deals resulting in market share gains.  
• 
Using new age services & adjacencies that enable enterprises 
to ‘Get ready for AI’  
• 
Becoming a full stack AI services player – Infrastructure to 
Intelligence; thereby, delivering maximum ROI to clients on their AI 
investments through end-to-end industry value chain 
reimagination; and  
• 
Building new revenue streams such as building AI infrastructure  
In FY26, we made good progress across all the above opportunities.  
The strong order book closures were led by Vendor consolidation, AI led 
modernization, scaling AI across the enterprise, Digital core and data 

 
Page 15 of 34 
 
platform modernization, Operating Model transformation, and regulatory 
compliance.   
Let me now share speciﬁc details of our industry-wise performance 
during the quarter.   
• 
The BFSI vertical continued to grow this quarter.   
o Client demand across BFSI remained technology-led and outcome 
focused through Q4, shaped by heightened macro and geopolitical 
volatility. Increased uncertainty around interest rates, inﬂation, and 
central bank actions inﬂuenced client sentiment, resulting in cautious 
investment decision-making. Despite this backdrop, BFSI clients 
continued to prioritize core and legacy modernization, data estate 
transformation, cloud migration, and scaled AI/GenAI deployments, 
productivity led operating model transformation and vendor 
consolidation. Spending patterns increasingly shifted from 
experimentation to industrialized business driven transformation, with 
strong emphasis on cost discipline, regulatory resilience, and measurable 
outcomes.  
• 
Our Consumer Business Group saw another quarter of good growth, 
supported by market share gains and emerging pockets of technology 
conviction, resilience and guarded optimism. Retail globally and TTH 
in UK/EMEA led the growth, while CPG and TTH North America 
segments declined.  
o Enterprises continued to tightly align spending to initiatives delivering 
near-term efficiency, cost control, and operational resilience, with 
growing emphasis on vendor consolidation, technology simpliﬁcation, 
legacy modernization, and selective AI and GenAI adoption.   

 
Page 16 of 34 
 
o CBG had 2 mega deal wins this quarter, which helped propel its TCV to 
an all-time high. One of the two mega deals was the renewal and 
expansion of our services to Marks & Spencer, a customer of TCS, for 
well over a decade. The deal is a testimony to the deep trust and 
strong partnership between the two organizations. The other mega 
deal is with a leading American healthcare and pharmacy retailer, 
another longstanding and trusted strategic partnership with TCS, that 
we are proud to have retained.   
o Clients are appreciating TCS’s track record of successfully 
delivering transformation programs, more than ever. An excellent 
example is as follows:   
o A leading American healthcare and pharmacy retailer partnered with 
TCS to modernize its mission-critical claims processing platform. 
Operating at a massive scale - processing over 5 Mn prescriptions 
daily - the platform underpins core pharmacy operations including 
claims validation, accumulation and tracking of a patient's out-of-
pocket (OOP) expenses, ordering, replenishment and reporting. As 
prescription volumes continued to rise, the legacy architecture began 
to limit performance, real-time visibility and scalability, creating 
operational bottlenecks across the ecosystem.  
o Leveraging deep domain expertise and contextual knowledge, TCS 
reimagined process ﬂows and led the comprehensive cloud native re-
architecture of the platform. The transformation introduced event 
driven processing, complex multisystem integrations and world-class, 
enterprise grade security to ensure resilience and compliance. This 
has enabled near real-time processing, compressing claims cycles 
from 48 hours to just 12 hours, data-driven decisioning leveraging AI, 
and autoscaling to support growing prescription volumes and rapid 

 
Page 17 of 34 
 
onboarding of new entities, positioning the client for sustained future 
growth.  
• 
Life Sciences and Healthcare saw marginal growth this quarter:   
o Healthcare payers are managing rising costs and growing friction with 
providers due to preauthorization and claims issues. Key priorities 
include affordability, transparency, simplicity, and better patient 
experiences. Organizations are focusing on data marketplaces, cyber 
resilience, and AI to boost productivity, while regulatory changes add 
to compliance costs and administrative burdens, prompting selective 
modernization focused on efficiency.  
o The pharmaceutical industry is streamlining pipelines and adopting AI 
to tackle growth and pricing pressures. Companies in the Americas 
and UK/EU are focusing on efficiency through vendor consolidation, 
tech modernization, and enterprise-wide transformation.  
• 
The Manufacturing vertical also saw good growth this quarter despite 
the macro uncertainties and the impact to the global supply chains.   
o Client demand across Manufacturing remained cautious in Q4, 
shaped by macroeconomic uncertainty, tariff volatility, recalibration of 
EV demand, and continued restraint in capital expenditure across 
Automotive, Industrial, and Chemicals. Customers prioritized 
near-term cost optimization and operational resilience, with sustained 
focus on AI-led productivity, including predictive maintenance and 
quality automation, alongside ERP and cloud modernization to 
streamline operations and improve reliability.  
• 
The Technology and software segment saw reasonable growth this 
quarter given the environment.   

 
Page 18 of 34 
 
o 
Client demand in Q4 remained disciplined amid a challenging 
macro environment, shaped by heightened geopolitical tensions, 
tariff-related uncertainty, and increasingly stringent manufacturing and 
data-sovereignty requirements. Customers continued to prioritize cost 
rationalization to fund a strategic pivot towards AI-led transformation, 
with spend focused on vendor consolidation, GCC expansion, and 
structural efficiency, and the resulting savings reinvested into scaling AI 
across core operations and product portfolios. Incremental investments 
were also directed towards digital sovereignty and supply-chain 
resilience.  
• 
CMI saw a modest decline this quarter, but we are witnessing 
promising signs of a rebound in IT spending in CMI. 
Telecommunications companies are advancing their journeys to 
expand into adjacent businesses while simultaneously enhancing the 
efficiency of their core operations. This strategic shift is paving the way 
for growth and innovation. 
o Momentum remains strong in securing large deals within the 
telecommunications sector. We have signed our ﬁrst mega deal in 
CMI this quarter - a signiﬁcant expansion of its long-standing 
partnership with a leading UK-based telecom operator. This ﬁve-year 
contract will see TCS lead the operator's comprehensive IT 
transformation journey for its consumer business, leveraging advanced 
AI, Cloud, and Digital Engineering capabilities. The expansion, built 
on the strength of years of trusted partnership and demonstrated 
delivery, will see TCS take end-to-end responsibility for running the 
entire IT systems of the operator's consumer base and become its 
strategic technology partner, consolidating the entire landscape 
previously spread across multiple service providers.  

 
Page 19 of 34 
 
• 
ERU demonstrated robust growth this quarter. Within ERU, the Energy 
& Resources segment performed well, led by supply chain 
modernization initiatives gathering momentum in the near term. 
However, the Utilities segment is experiencing stress, and signiﬁcant 
cost optimization opportunities are opening up.  
In summary, even in a year marked by global uncertainty, we have 
demonstrated resilience, discipline, and the ability to lead through 
complexity. Our performance in FY26 reﬂects not just strong execution, 
but enduring trust—from clients who are committing to longer-term 
partnerships, and from associates who continue to drive transformation 
at scale. With a robust order book, expanding client relationships across 
revenue bands, accelerating AI momentum, and foundational 
investments like HyperVault, we are building the next phase of TCS with 
conviction. As enterprises increasingly seek partners who can deliver 
certainty, accountability, and outcomes end-to-end, TCS stands 
exceptionally well positioned combining technology excellence, deep 
contextual knowledge, and scale to help our clients navigate change and 
create sustainable value. We enter the new year with conﬁdence, clarity 
of purpose, and an unwavering focus on delivering growth with resilience 
and trust.  
With this, I will now open the line for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We'll take a ﬁrst question from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli 
from Kotak Mahindra AMC. Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Hi Krithi, thanks for the opportunity. My ﬁrst question, is there any 
foreseeable change in quantity or quality of client inquiries or even 
bookings around agentic AI implementation post ﬁrst week of Feb when 
Anthropic announced a string of agentic AI launches? 

 
Page 20 of 34 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Sudheer, deﬁnitely clients are curious to know about expanding 
capabilities of all the models. And they also want to leverage their models 
to achieve both productivity as well as business value chain re-
imagination, but is it because post Anthropic, I won't say that. As the 
model capability improves, there'll be more interest in seeing how they 
can leverage. 
Aarthi Subramanian: 
Client interest and demand actually increases with new 
capabilities coming out of the model providers. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Fair enough. The second question, many of these frontier model 
companies, they're just announcing a new project or agent, which may be 
in their development pipeline, but not yet launched. The latest example 
being Claude Mythos. Is this in any way leading to client’s sort of deferring 
their existing IT spends to maybe wait and watch, once the product 
actually hits the shelf, maybe a few months or years down the line? 
K Krithivasan: 
We have not seen that, Sudheer. It's been, as I said, our clients are quite 
interested in leveraging it. They know this will be constantly evolving. And 
there is no major beneﬁt in waiting for the next best model to come. So, 
clients are willing to invest now, and we have been helping them with the 
overall philosophy that their architecture is built for change. We are 
helping them in building that architecture so that they can exploit and 
leverage the models as they come in. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Sure, sir. Last question from my side. How do we think of FY27 
growth, given the exit run rate and where our order booking is and also 
high expectations around some AI-led deﬂation? 
K Krithivasan: 
As we mentioned, we have a good order book getting into FY27. We have 
strong three mega deals booked in this quarter. And as we also described, 
most of the industry verticals, we see a positive momentum and our new 

 
Page 21 of 34 
 
age services are also gaining traction. So overall, we are getting into our 
next year with a lot of positivity and conﬁdence. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
That’s it from my side. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, Sudheer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Kumar Rakesh 
from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my question. My ﬁrst question 
was around what you were just talking about, that getting into FY27, we 
are exiting at a healthy growth. We are also exiting with a bulk of multiple 
mega deals and across verticals as well, it seems demand has started 
improving, at least growth for TCS has started improving.  Would you call 
out and say that we should start getting back to 3-  4% sort of a growth in 
the international business where we used to be or better than that or the 
recovery is going to be far more gradual this year? 
K Krithivasan: 
Kumar, I don't want to put a number, but I would say that, again, as I was 
telling Sudheer, we are quite positive about FY27, quite positive about the 
international growth. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Got it. Thanks for that and my second question was around margins, so 
SG&A in the second half has been elevated. So, is this the new normal we 
should now start looking at or it should normalize back to below 15% 
where it used to be? 
Samir Seksaria: 
As you know, we have been investing on the ‘Build-Partner-Acquire’ 
strategy and incremental investments on partnerships, on recruitment 
and training, on the new businesses are all reﬂecting on the SG&A. Some 
part of it will see an elevated increase, both in the absolute amount as 
well as in percentage of revenue. 

 
Page 22 of 34 
 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Got that. And just for a clariﬁcation, our restructuring is done or there's 
more cost associated to that which has to come through? 
Samir Seksaria: 
So if you look at Q4, we have not called out any one-offs, so it is business 
as usual.  
Kumar Rakesh: 
Yeah. But there is a restructuring charge, which you have booked in the 
quarter, right? 
Samir Seksaria: 
We have not called out any one-off for Q4. The combined one-off for the 
year is ₹1,300 crores; there are no one offs in this quarter. 
K Krithivasan: 
But Kumar, just to get the clarity, I will be speciﬁc. The restructuring 
program that we started, we have completed that program. The program 
towards restructuring has been completed. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Got it. Perfect. Thanks a lot for that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Yogesh Aggarwal 
from HSBC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Hi. Thanks. Krithi, just ﬁrstly on the next few quarters, can we expect the 
similar type of seasonality going forward? Because the reason I'm asking 
is there's not been much headcount addition, so the typical seasonality of 
better ﬁrst half, does that still work going forward? 
K Krithivasan: 
We are looking at a regular Q1, regular Q2 that we are used to seeing, and 
this is the way we are looking at as we stand now, Yogesh. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
No, Krithi, I was asking, so usually the ﬁrst and the second quarter are 
stronger than Q4, right? 
K Krithivasan: 
That is what I said. We are also expecting a stronger 1H. Our planning 
assumption is along those lines only. 

 
Page 23 of 34 
 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Okay, great. And secondly, just going back to this AI stuff. So usually in the 
past, you had all these historical relationships and partnerships with 
software companies like SAP and all these diamonds, platinum ratings. 
Can you talk a little bit about what are these partnerships with the AI 
models, especially Anthropic? What is the level of tiering with them? And 
does it really matter anymore? Thanks. 
Aarthi Subramanian: Yogesh, I think with all the model companies, we are building strategic 
partnerships. We have announced with OpenAI, we are already working 
signiﬁcantly with Anthropic and will be announcing strategic partnerships 
with them in the near future. We are very closely working with Mistral. 
With all model companies, it's extremely important for us to build a 
strategic partnership.  
But I would say that we are also trying to shape these partnerships 
differently than the traditional GTM partnerships of the past. So, we want 
to make them 360-degree partnerships. Also because of our investment 
in HyperVault, we have a very unique opportunity where they can become 
our customers.  
You saw the announcement that we made with OpenAI, where there is a 
committed capacity of 100 MW and the opportunity to grow that to 1 GW. 
So, we are having similar conversations on our opportunities with these 
model companies and hyperscalers. So that's one new pillar of strategic 
collaboration.  
Apart from that, using their products, ChatGPT Enterprise, we made an 
announcement, so using Anthropic Claude, so that's the second pillar of 
our collaboration. Third is industry speciﬁc solutions with them. The 
fourth one is very speciﬁc GTM motions, which is similar to strategic 
partnerships of the past. So that is a pillar, like I said, we are trying to 

 
Page 24 of 34 
 
shape this partnership differently, more deep, more strategic and value 
for both. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Got it. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Nitin 
Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Yeah. Hi. Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. Krithi, 
initially, you mentioned some caution in BFSI during the quarter. I just 
wanted your thoughts on how clients are thinking about spending going 
forward, considering the macro.  
Do you think this ends up like last year where you had the Liberation Day 
and we thought we were probably getting into good start, but then you had 
all these headwinds. So, in the context of what you see today, what are 
the conversations with clients? It would be great to have your perspective 
there, maybe across a few key sectors at least. 
K Krithivasan: 
See, at this time, if you look at our direct impact from the geopolitical 
situation, so far has been restricted to Middle East and to some extent 
into our travel and transportation industry and we have not seen major 
impact in other industries so far.  
But Nitin, as you would know, if things continue and if it results in further 
supply chain disruption or any other secondary issues, it may have an 
impact. But at this time, I think the impact will be limited to our travel and 
transportation and probably the work we do in Middle East.  We have not 
been hearing any other speciﬁc concerns from our clients in other 
industries or other geographies. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
The caution that you mentioned was very geo speciﬁc, it's not a 
broad-based caution? 

 
Page 25 of 34 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Yes, that's correct.  
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
That's very helpful. The second is on, from a margin perspective, 
how should we think about margins going forward? Because on one hand, 
you do have the currency giving you a tailwind and on the other side, you 
have to invest on capabilities and multiple other things. So just how 
should we broadly think from a margin perspective as we get into the next 
year? 
Samir Seksaria: 
Nitin, we are exiting FY26 at a four-year high on annual margins at 25%. 
And we see continued positive momentum. Our focus will be to ensure 
growth with proﬁtability, so we'll not be shying away from making the right 
investments for ensuring strategic growth.  
Stepping into FY27, the immediate headwinds would be the annual 
increments which we have talked about. And also, as you rightly 
mentioned, we'll continue our focus on the build, acquire and partner 
framework and investments around that would be part of it.  
While some of those we would want to mitigate with better operational 
rigor, with the help of the usual levers which we have called out and also 
look at optimization on some of the non-employee expenses. As you 
rightly called out, the rupee depreciation does help, not guaranteed 
always. Overall, we'd want to balance it and keep margins within a tighter 
reach. We'd like to move towards 26%, but on a longer-term basis. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Perfect. That's helpful. Just one last from my end. Overall, coming 
out of last year and getting into the next, do you believe that all known 
client-speciﬁc headwinds are behind, and we should see better revenue 
accretion from deal wins and from a deal win momentum perspective as 
well? But do you think that is on an accelerating trajectory.  

 
Page 26 of 34 
 
K Krithivasan: 
By and large, most of the headwinds we know probably are behind us, 
excepting few that may come up or that we have already accounted for. 
But at this time, we are not expecting. Of course, nobody can predict what 
will happen down the line, but I think most of the issues are behind us. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
That's helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just two questions from my side. One 
is, Krithi, we mentioned our AI revenue to be around $2.3 billion 
annualized, that's basically almost 6.5% to 7% of our total revenue. 
Wanted to basically understand, if I were to draw a parallel to the last 
digital cycle, there also, I think after a certain stage, we had started 
quantifying our digital revenue. 
The way we saw that cycle play out is that initially there was 
cannibalization of revenue. And at the same time, we had growth from the 
digital revenues. And gradually the growth from the digital revenue was 
able to more than compensate the cannibalization of revenue. 
Are we seeing a similar trend this time? Do we expect a similar cycle to 
follow this time also, that there are productivity gains that we are passing 
on to the clients because of which we are losing out revenue? On the 
other hand, your $2.3 billion is going to grow much strongly. 
And at some point, of time in the coming quarters, we'll probably reach an 
inﬂection point. Is that a good way to look at the GenAI cycle? How similar 
or different would it be from the last cycle? That would be really helpful. 
K Krithivasan: 
Structurally what you are saying is correct, however, I don't know whether 
it will be the same time period in which the whole thing will change.  You 
would expect the AI revenues to increase going forward, along with some 

 
Page 27 of 34 
 
of the traditional revenues to slowly taper down and AI revenue to 
overcompensate for the reduction in the revenue in other parts of the 
service line. 
But the timelines probably can vary. I'm not able to predict the timelines 
on how all these different cycles will move. Aarthi, you want to add? 
Aarthi Subramanian: 
Vibhor, if I may just add to that, if you have to compare to the 
digital transformation that you alluded to, where is the transformation 
budget, right, largely bucketed as AI going? 
There are three buckets, one is, Enterprise transformation. There is still a 
lot to be done on digital, which is still to be done in companies, whether 
it's cloud adoption, migrating to cloud, data modernization, cyber 
security, enterprise systems upgrade, whether it's S/4HANA, Salesforce, 
so all those are ongoing, So that's a transformation bucket. 
The second one, which is very purely AI-led, is the modernization 
opportunities that we see. Tech debt reduction was always a priority, but 
that was always postponed by enterprises because it would take long, it 
would cost a lot, but I think AI is playing in there and helping customers 
clear tech debt better, faster. So that's begun. Long way to go, but that's 
the second vector of opportunity. 
The third is the pure play AI transformation, what Krithi earlier alluded to 
as industry value chain transformation, where you're really doing AI 
engagements that create direct business impact. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
That was really helpful, Aarthi. Krithi, one more question from my side and 
it's probably more at a strategy level, maybe you and basically the team 
can answer on that. If you look at FY26, we ended the year at -2.4% CC 
YoY decline. If I compare our revenue growth this year with our closest 

 
Page 28 of 34 
 
competitor, the difference would be almost 5 to 6 percentage points. 
That's probably the widest that the gap has ever been. 
But on the other side, our margins are very, very strong, probably one of 
the highest margins that we have. We, of course, remain at the highest 
margin level in the industry, and we are very strong in margins while the 
entire industry is facing a lot of margin pressure. 
What is the company level strategy at this point of time, like, we want to 
continue to focus on the proﬁtable growth part. Have we ever discussed 
that? Should we be ready to compromise a bit of margins to maybe boost 
growth? What is the direction in which the board and management is 
thinking in terms of balance between a better growth and proﬁtability? 
K Krithivasan: 
Vibhor, I get the question. Fundamentally, we believe our focus on margin 
is not affecting our revenue growth. Of course, at the same time, in fact, 
we believe the good margins we have, gives us greater ﬂexibility to 
approach new deals and be more competitive in gaining market share. 
And we have been able to prove that time and again. We don't lose deals 
on pricing. We work with our customers, we ensure that we give the best 
solution, and we've been able to win deals. 
This is our overall thesis. We believe margin and growth are not conﬂicting 
with one another. We should be able to do well on both. And we continue 
to stay close to our customers. We continue to invest, the margin we have 
helps us to invest, like what you saw in the last two acquisitions and 
investment on HyperVault. They are all possible because we are able to 
generate margin and it gives us the ability to invest for growth. We don't 
believe these are at loggerheads with one another. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Okay. Thank you so much for answering my question and all the best. 

 
Page 29 of 34 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. One question Samir, what is the impact of 
wage hikes that we see in terms of our margins next quarter? And 
secondly, any color in terms of this deal ﬂow that we've announced, 
which is pretty strong? What is the renewal share in terms of that, given 
that there are quite a few deals in the press release where we have 
extended our relationship with these clients? 
Samir Seksaria: 
On the wage increments, you should expect a similar impact on what we 
have seen in the past annual increment cycle, which had been in the 
range of 150 to 200 basis points. 
K Krithivasan: 
In terms of colour or the characteristics of the deals of TCV, I would say 
about mostly a 50-50 or 45-55 in terms of between renewals and new 
programs. I think this quarter maybe about 50% to 55% could be on 
renewals, around 40% to 45% would be on new programs. And this varies 
typically in a smaller band, between 40% to 60% band, it varies one way 
or another. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Thanks, Krithi. And just one follow-up, in terms of deals, are you seeing 
early renewals wherein vendors like yourself as well are going in for early 
renewals or the deals are largely getting renewed on time? 
K Krithivasan: 
By and large on time, but when we also see an opportunity to go back to a 
customer and ensure that there is really a renewal can be done with 
greater AI infusion, greater productivity delivered, and at the same time, 
with expansion in scope. We do go to the customers, and we offer to 
renew early whenever they see value and whenever it's mutually 
beneﬁcial as well. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Thanks, Krithi. Thanks, Samir. And all the best. 

 
Page 30 of 34 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from 
IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. I think my questions have been 
answered, but maybe just a quick clariﬁcation. Just if we think about your 
thought process around wage hikes, right? So, we've deferred it twice in 
the last ﬁve, six years since COVID. This time, we have reinstated it after 
when we announced it in September, back to the April cycle. 
Just wanted to understand what's the thought process behind that, given 
that the overall demand environment, the supply side environment, and 
the macro uncertainties largely remain there and haven't seemed to be 
changing materially over the past six to nine months. 
K Krithivasan: 
Rishi, it's a reﬂection as a ﬁrst is we want to ensure that we properly 
reward all the associates who have been working tirelessly for us. And as 
you know, that while in September, we were able to give increments to 
80% of associates, for the senior executive associates we were unable to 
give increments at that time. 
We wanted to ensure that when we restart our increment cycle, we reset it 
and start for everyone. But it's also a reﬂection of the fact that we believe 
that we have enough deal momentum and demand on our side, so that 
we'll be able to handle the increased wage cost, wage bill, because of 
increments. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
While you've started giving annualized AI revenues, would it be 
possible to throw some color on AI deals as well, just to get some sense 
of how those are progressing? 
Aarthi Subramanian: 
Rishi, if you look at it, AI deals are -- I would say of two kinds, one is 
many of the mega deals that Krithi spoke about today, they have a 

 
Page 31 of 34 
 
signiﬁcant amount of AI embedded into them, in terms of how we deliver 
the service, also in terms of how we transform clients' business. 
But apart from this, when we are saying AI revenue, we are only calling out 
the speciﬁc AI for business transformation revenue, which we said has 
exceeded $2.3 billion on an annualized basis and when you look at the 
nature of programs, it's across industries, across markets. 
And we see that a lot of these programs are rapid build, 12-to-16-week 
delivery type of solutions. These are high impact problems that the 
customers are choosing, that we can deliver in faster cycles with forward 
deployment engineers. So that is included. Some of the AI modernization 
I talked about, which is starting to gain momentum is all included as part 
of that. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Aarthi Subramanian: 
And one last thing is agentic BPS, which I missed talking about. I 
think that's something which is gaining traction. Agentic AI in business 
process services and we see that earlier in FY25, the time taken to 
implement AI in business process versus this year, we are seeing faster 
adoption cycles from customers, because customers are more conﬁdent 
of now putting AI into production. But obviously, with all the guardrails, 
focus on security, governance and all of that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from 
Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Hi, thank you for taking my questions. I have two questions for Krithi and 
one for Samir. My ﬁrst question for Krithi is your comment that you made 
on the growth in the client's band of revenue bands in mid and large size 
and you talked about stability returning.  

 
Page 32 of 34 
 
Is this due to a lower leakage compared to the past or is it more led by 
better macro, which is improving the spend in these accounts? The 
second question is on AI. If you keep the macro aside for the moment, 
would you expect the new AI services to be accretive to revenue growth in 
ﬁscal '27, net of all the deﬂation that you see in your renewals existing 
business or is it too early to conﬁrm any such trend?  
And the last question for Samir is that AI for business, when you look at 
the revenue productivity and the margins in that portion of the business, 
how does it compare to company average? Is it better? Is it in line? Is it 
lower? Thank you. 
K Krithivasan: 
So, Gaurav, ﬁrst on the client metric improvement. See it's a combination 
of all the factors, because you will not be able to grow if there's no 
stability or there's no revenue coming in and essentially, it's a reﬂection of 
the fact, overall at a high level, the clients are more comfortable in getting 
into larger transformation programs or some amount of discretionary 
spend improving.  
And, of course, it's also possible there are some cases of vendor 
consolidation happening where you gain market share, but deﬁnitely, it 
indicates that the stability and the increased conﬁdence from the clients 
as well. For your question about AI, again, our expectation is AI will be net 
accretive, like to see the initial year, our attempt would be to ensure that 
we arrest the degrowth while the AI revenue increase.  
But, of course, over a period of time, AI revenue or AI related revenue, 
because it will become very difficult to classify after some time on what is 
AI, what is AI adjacent revenue, but ensure that they all grow, we will 
expect them to grow much faster. At that time, the deﬂation in the other 
part may not matter materially like same cycle with whatever happened 
during the digital transformation cycle that trend will resume. 

 
Page 33 of 34 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
Gaurav, on the AI and data part, the revenue productivity is deﬁnitely 
much better than the TCS average or the traditional business, both at 
onsite and offshore. Margins, I will not call out because there would be 
investments which would be temporary or in the initial phase, so it 
wouldn’t be like to like for comparison. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Thank you very much and all the very best.  
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, Gaurav. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I 
now hand the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Over to you. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, operator.   
• 
We are very pleased with the continuous revenue growth momentum 
we have seen in the last 3 quarters. In Q4, our Revenue grew by 1.2% 
QoQ in constant currency, with an operating margin of 25.3% and a 
net margin of 19.4%.  
• 
We had a very strong TCV of $12 billion in Q4, with 3 mega deals.   
• 
Annualized AI services revenue crossed US $2.3 billion.  
We remain dedicated to our goal of establishing ourselves as the world’s 
premier AI-driven technology services provider. Our robust ﬁve-pillar 
strategy, combined with sustained investments across Infrastructure to 
Intelligence, continues to advance this objective.  
I extend my appreciation to all TCS employees for their unwavering 
commitment and professionalism, which have been instrumental to the 
company’s continued success.  
This concludes our call today.   

 
Page 34 of 34 
 
Thank you for your participation.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of TCS, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim 
record of the proceedings. 
 
