JKTIL:SECTL:SE:2026 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400 001. 
Scrip Code: 530007 
Dear Sir, 
Date: 13th February 2026 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C -1 , Block G, 
Bandra -Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai -400 051. 
Symbol: JKTYRE 
Re. Transcript of Results Conference Call held on 9th February 2026 
-
Regulation 
30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Further to our letter dated 2nd February 2026 re. Intimation of 
Schedule of Results Conference .Call, we enclose herewith the transcript of 
the 
Quarter 3, financial 
year 2025-26 
Results 
Conference Call 
(Group Conference Call) held on 9th February 2026 at 4:00 PM (1ST). 
Thanking you, 
Encl: As Above 
Yours faithfully, 
For JK Tyre & Industries Ltd. 
(Kamal Kumar Manik) 
Company Secretary 
(/) 
Admin. Off.: 3, Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg, New oelhi-110 002, Fax: 91-11-23322059, Phone: 91-11-66001112, 66001122 
Regd. Off.: Jaykaygram, PO -Tyre Factory, Kankroli . 313 342 (Rajasthan), Fax: 02952-232018, Ph.: 02952-233400 / 233000 
Website : www.jklyre.com CIN : L67120RJ1951PLC045966 
VIKRANT 
KAMAL 
KUMAR 
MANIK
Digitally signed by 
KAMAL KUMAR 
MANIK 
Date: 2026.02.13 
11:16:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
Q3FY'26  
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANSHUMAN SINGHANIA - MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
JK TYRE & INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. ARUN K. BAJORIA - DIRECTOR & PRESIDENT 
(INTERNATIONAL), JK TYRE & INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV AGGARWAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, JK TYRE & INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. A. K. KINRA - FINANCIAL ADVISOR, JK TYRE & 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RONAK MEHTA - ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
JK Tyre & Industries Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to JK Tyre & Industries Limited Q3FY'26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the management remarks concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Ronak Mehta from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Ronak Mehta: 
Thank you, Rudra. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, I would like 
to welcome you all to Q3FY'26 Earnings Conference Call of JK Tyre & Industries Limited. 
Today, we have with us the Senior Management team represented by Mr. Anshuman Singhania 
– Managing Director, Mr. Arun K. Bajoria – Director & President - International, Mr. Sanjeev 
Aggarwal – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. A. K. Kinra – Financial Advisor. 
We will begin the call with the opening comments from the management team followed by Q&A 
session. Over to you, management team. Thank you. 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Thank you and very good evening to all of you. I welcome you all to JK Tyre’s Q3 FY'26 
earnings call. 
Firstly, I would like to extend my heartfelt and warm wishes to you and your families for a very 
Happy New Year. I am glad to be here, and I have with me Dr. Arun K. Bajoria – Director & 
President (International), Mr. A. K. Kinra – Financial Advisor, and Mr. Sanjeev Aggarwal –
CFO. 
The Union Budget 2026 reinforces India's commitment to manufacturing-led growth. The 
continued drive on capital expenditure with infrastructure allocation exceeding INR 12 lakh 
crores will improve cost efficiency and support demand momentum in the auto and tyre sector.  
The Indian economy picked up pace in the 2nd Quarter of FY'26 as it exceeded the expectations 
by achieving GDP growth of 8.2%, signaling a clear and a broad-based uptick in the economic 
activity. This expansion also marks the highest growth in the last six quarters on the back of a 
strong rebound in domestic consumption, resilient rural demand, higher government capex 
coupled with GST reforms and strong festive demand. 
Recent trade deals with the EU and USA have been announced, which will integrate the markets 
with above FTA countries and provide India the benefit of market diversification.  

 
JK Tyre & Industries Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
Indian auto industry continues to ride a wave of strong momentum with pent up demand. The 
year FY'26 will be marked as a year of historic performance for the Indian automotive industry 
as robust growth is being witnessed across sectors. In FY'26, CV sales are expected to exceed 
its previous record high of over 1 million units, which was achieved in FY'19, driven by 
infrastructure development, increased freight movement, GST reforms and lower interest rates. 
PV has also recorded the highest ever sales of 4.38 million units. While SUVs continue to 
dominate the PV sales, small cars also rebounded strongly. Two-wheeler sales also surpassed 
the 20 million mark. 
In Q3FY'26, auto industry witnessed a record-breaking performance in both domestic and export 
markets across segments with high double-digit growth. As we enter Q4, the momentum looks 
strong, backed by firm demand across segments along with fresh pipeline of new launches and 
an overall improvement in customer sentiments. 
Talking about JK Tyre's Q3 financials, we have recorded the highest ever revenue of INR 4,235 
crores at a consolidated level, up by 15% on a year-on-year basis. EBITDA stood at INR 583 
crores with a margin of 13.8%, reflecting a strong year-on-year expansion of 470 basis points. 
This growth was driven by JK Tyre's continued focus on product premiumization, operating 
leverage along with execution excellence. Raw material prices also contributed favorably. Profit 
after tax surged 3.7x to INR 209 crores. In Q4, the raw material price scenario is expected to 
remain range-bound (1 - 2% increase). 
JK Tyre had introduced Embedded Smart Tyres for passenger cars to deliver real-time data on 
tyre operating conditions. The launch of embedded smart tyres marks a defining milestone in JK 
Tyre's innovation journey while supporting safe driving along with improving vehicle 
performance and efficiency.  
Electrification continues to steadily gain momentum on a continuous basis, and I am proud to 
announce that JK Tyre has secured new OEM approvals for supplying EV tyres to Hyundai 
Creta and Tata Punch for their electric variants. Recently, Renault Duster has also been launched 
with our Ranger HPe tyre, demonstrating a long-standing faith of customers in our offerings.  
Also, four new types of OTR tyres have been launched for industrial and mining applications. 
These tyres are capable of sustaining harsh environments while continuing to deliver superior 
durability, stability and traction.  
During the quarter under review, we have further expanded our market footprint by adding 
nearly 200 dealers pan India in order to serve the growing domestic demand and 35 pitstops for 
enhancing customer services. Further, 25+ new fleets have been added to the total count. In order 
to cater to the rural demand, the rural distribution network is being expanded. 

 
JK Tyre & Industries Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
Indian tyre industry is witnessing a strong demand across segments. In order to capitalize on the 
significant market opportunities, the company has decided to further expand its capacities across 
TBR, ASLTR and PCR categories through expansions at various locations for an aggregate cost 
of INR 1,130 crores. This will increase our overall capacity by nearly 7%.  
We are proud to share that JK Tyre has earned the prestigious “Silver rating” in the latest 
EcoVadis ESG assessment, placing the Company amongst top 7% companies globally. This 
recognition reflects our strong performance across all sustainability pillars and reinforces our 
unparalleled efforts towards the vision of becoming a green company by 2050. 
During the quarter, we completed the merger of our subsidiary company Cavendish Industries 
Limited with JK Tyre after securing all statutory approvals. CIL has undergone a remarkable 
transformation under JK Tyre's leadership. JK Tyre provided all the necessary technical, 
financial and managerial support and capacity utilization was scaled up from around 30% to 
over 95%, making it JK Tyre’s yet another successful turnaround acquisition after Vikrant Tyre 
and JK Tornel, Mexico. I would like to bring to your attention, that this merger is going to be a 
highly value enhancer and will bring a lot of operational and financial synergies through pooling 
of resources.  
We are delighted to announce our long-standing association with the prestigious and highly 
coveted awards i.e. ICOTY (21st edition) and IMOTY (19th edition) were presented. 
Here are some of the few operational highlights:- 
1) 
Domestic markets recorded a healthy volume growth of 16%, contributed by 
replacement segment by 11% and OE segment by 24% (except 2/3W) on a YoY basis.  
2) 
Exports demonstrated resilience and grew by 9% in volume terms despite geopolitical 
uncertainties.  
3) 
TBR volumes in the replacement market grew by 15% and in the OEM market by 33% 
on a year-on-year basis.  
4) 
Passenger line volume grew by 18% on a year-on-year basis, contributed by 
replacement market growth by 11% and a strong OEM growth of 24% and export 
volume grew by 40% on a year-on-year basis.  
5) 
Farm category volume on a year-on-year basis also saw significant growth majorly 
contributed by the OEM and replacement markets.  
6) 
2/3W segment volume in OEM also grew by 30% on a year-on-year basis. 
Now I would like to request Dr. Bajoria to talk about the performance of JK Tornel. 
Arun K. Bajoria: 
Thank you, MD sir.  

 
JK Tyre & Industries Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Mexico's economic growth in 2025 remained steady despite heightened uncertainty over U.S. 
tariffs and persistent macroeconomic headwinds. Further, as per the International Monetary 
Fund's World Economic Outlook (WEO) report, GDP growth for the full year 2026 is now 
projected at 1.5%, supported by gradual monetary easing.  
The Bank of Mexico has further cut the benchmark interest rate (TIIE) to 7%, its lowest level 
since 2022, driven by continued remittances from the U.S. into Mexico. These rate cuts are 
aimed at stimulating economic growth amid sluggish GDP performance and ongoing uncertainty 
related to U.S. tariffs. 
Coming to JK Tornel's performance in Q3 FY'26, Revenues were recorded at INR 616 crores as 
against INR 507 crores in the corresponding quarter, reflecting a robust 21% year-on-year 
growth, thereby reaffirming the continued customer preference enjoyed by JK Tornel in Mexico. 
We are proud to share that we have achieved the highest ever sales in Q3, reaffirming JK Tornel's 
strong market position. In addition, we have once again recorded the highest ever sales to mass 
merchandisers. 
JK Tornel's EBITDA for Q3 stood at INR 58 crores, up by 45% on a year-on-year basis as 
against INR 40 crores in Q3 FY'25. EBITDA margins reached a level of 9.4%, registering an 
improvement of 148 basis points over the corresponding quarter, led by product mix 
improvement and benign raw material prices. PAT stood at INR 42 crores, significantly higher 
than the corresponding quarter. 
We would like to assure you that dedicated efforts are underway to continuously enhance sales 
and profitability, even as we remain cautiously optimistic for the year 2026.  
We continue to closely monitor the upcoming revision of the United States-Mexico-Canada 
Agreement (USMCA) in July 2026, as this will be important for sustaining and strengthening 
our business with the USA.  
And now, I would request Mr. Sanjeev Aggarwal to talk about the financial performance of JK 
Tyre for the 3rd quarter of FY'26. 
Sanjeev Aggrawal: 
Thank you Bajoria Sir. 
Let me briefly share the key financial highlights for Q3 FY'26: 
1) 
Company recorded its highest ever consolidated revenues of INR 4,235 crores up by 15% 
on YOY basis as against INR 3,694 crores in corresponding quarter. 
2) 
EBITDA for Q3FY'26 was recorded at INR 583 crores, as compared to INR 335 crores in 
the corresponding quarter, an increase of 74% on YOY basis.  

 
JK Tyre & Industries Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
3) 
EBITDA margins during the quarter were recorded at 13.8%, vis-à-vis 9.1%, representing 
an expansion of 470 basis points.  
4) 
Cash profit for the quarter more than doubled and stood at INR 478 crores, as against INR 
212 crores in the corresponding quarter.  
5) 
Profit after tax for Q3 jumped by 3.7x and stood at INR 209 crores, as against INR 57 crores 
in Q3 FY'25. 
6) 
Government of India on 21.11.2025 notified four new Labor Codes, consolidating the 
earlier 29 Labor Laws and has comprehensively defined the term wages and accordingly, 
there is an incremental financial implication to the extent of INR 56.75 crores towards the 
retiral obligations, which has been considered and has been shown as an exceptional item 
in the statement of P&L.  
7) 
Radial tyre capacity utilization remained high beyond 95% and overall, India capacity 
utilization touched 90%. Capacity utilization at consolidated level remained over 85%.  
8) 
In Q3, export volumes from India remained steady despite the uncertainties and have grown 
by 9% in terms of volume on YoY basis.  
9) 
As informed earlier, our subsidiary company CIL has been merged into JK Tyre in 
December 2025 with effect from the appointed date of 1st of April 2025.  
10) Another subsidiary JK Tornel, Mexico witnessed a significant improvement in its financial 
performance and has added to the consolidated financials. 
11) EPS in Q3 jumped 4x to INR 7.29 per share as against INR 1.85 per share in the 
corresponding 3rd quarter.  
12) Return ratios ROCE and ROE have been very stable and continue to be in the comfortable 
zone (mid double-digit levels).  
13) Net debt as on 31st December stood at INR 4,183 crores as compared to INR 4,201 crores 
as on 30th September 2025. Fresh disbursements were taken for expansions which increased 
the term loans. On the other hand, some working capital loans of CIL were repaid to avail 
working capital in JK Tyre at better interest rates post-merger.  
14) The balance sheet of the Company continues to remain healthy with robust key financial 
leverage ratios with Net debt-to-equity at 0.71x and net debt to EBITDA at 2.17x. 
We have already circulated the Q3 earnings presentation which is available on our website as 
well as on the stock exchange websites. We will now open the forum for question and answer 
session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
comes from the line of Bharat Bhagnani from Living Root Analytics. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Bhagnani: 
Hello. I want to understand what is the capacity utilization we are operating at and also if you 
can give some color on the mix of volume and pricing in the revenue growth this quarter? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Okay. So, the capacity utilization has been at a level of 90% plus. Can you please repeat the next 
question? 

 
JK Tyre & Industries Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Bharat Bhagnani: 
So, Anshuman ji, I am basically asking the growth that we have achieved 15%. So, within this 
how much have we got in terms of volume growth and how much have we got in terms of pricing 
growth by taking a price hike? 
Sanjeev Aggrawal: 
Majorly it is because of the volume growth with some price increases in certain selective SKUs 
only. So, majorly it is because of the volume. 
Anshuman Singhania: 
To add to this, domestic volume growth has been 16% with replacement volume growth at 11% 
and OE at 24% (except 2/3W volumes) and exports have grown by 9%, YoY. 
Bharat Bhagnani: 
Right. So, there is not much of pricing growth, right? and you have not taken any price hikes? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
No, very minor, I believe. 
Bharat Bhagnani: 
And given the raw material scenario we are at currently, where do you see margins for this year 
and the next quarter or next couple of quarters? 
Sanjeev Aggrawal: 
Raw material basket is expected to remain rangebound as I said and it is expected to be inching 
up by 1 - 2% going ahead but the margins are going to be intact because there is a lot of volume 
push in this and our premiumization will also play a key role in the margin expansion. Also, the 
higher capacity utilization will also play a role in that. 
Bharat Bhagnani: 
And sir, final question. You know, one of our competitors CEAT, they almost reported like a 
25% growth on a similar base because the other companies have a higher base than us and we 
reported around 15%. So, is the management targeting a higher revenue growth going forward? 
Sanjeev Aggrawal: 
We are targeting a double-digit revenue growth and since you mentioned about the competition, 
particularly CEAT, please be aware that they have a larger base of 2/3W as well and also support 
from a recent acquisition. 
Arun K. Bajoria: 
They acquired one Company Camso and that company has added to their overall revenues. 
Bharat Bhagnani: 
Okay. But we are targeting like, are we targeting in terms of the mid-double-digit, high-double-
digit, low-double-digit in terms of revenue growth? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
We are expecting a mid-double-digit growth, just as we have seen in this last quarter, if the 
momentum continues, which is expected to be more likely. 
Bharat Bhagnani: 
Okay. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aditya Akani from Shah Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
JK Tyre & Industries Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Aditya Akani: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. I want to understand the revenue mix on a standalone 
basis in terms of category and market. Also, what was the percentage drop in the raw material 
cost on quarter-on-quarter? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
On a quarter-on-quarter basis, the overall raw material basket from Q2 to Q3 was flattish and 
can you please repeat your next question? 
Aditya Akani: 
My question was about the revenue mix on a standalone basis ? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Okay, Truck & Bus is 58%, Passenger car line is 27%, non-truck bias is 11% and remaining 4% 
is 2/3W. 
Aditya Akani: 
Okay. And in terms of market? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Market wise-  Replacement is 63%, OEM is 26% and rest 11% is exports. 
Aditya Akani: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ronak Mehta from ICICI Securities 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ronak Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on good performance. My first question is on 
your Mexico business. So, what was the average realization in terms of Indian rupee versus 
Mexican peso for this quarter? Now that rupee versus Mexican peso has moved over 5 in the 
last 2-3 months, which is, I think, positive for the Company. So, we just wanted to understand 
on that benefit because of this. 
Arun K. Bajoria: 
The net revenues has gone up by 21% on a year-on-year basis. As I mentioned, from INR 507 
crores in Q3FY25, it has gone up to INR 639 crores in Q3 this time. 
Sanjeev Aggrawal: 
In constant currency terms, the revenues of JK Tornel has been flattish. 
Ronak Mehta: 
Understood the entire benefit is from the rupee depreciation. 
Ronak Mehta: 
So, my second question is on the demand scenario. So, now that GST benefit has already come 
through in the replacement segment, do you see that continuing even post the 4th Quarter? 
Because most of the companies are guiding for double-digit growth for the 4th Quarter, but do 
you see that this demand sustaining in the replacement market even beyond the March quarter? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
So, we are entering the Quarter 4, which is expected to be very strong, and we are very confident 
about the healthy growth coming across the sectors. GST has definitely boosted the affordability, 

 
JK Tyre & Industries Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
but other macro tailwinds are supporting as well, which are rural demand, positive consumer 
sentiment, and lower interest rates which gives a very positive momentum to the demand. And 
we see that continuing momentum into FY'27. 
Ronak Mehta: 
Understood. Okay. So, one last question from my side. Sir, you along with some of your peers 
across the industry have announced new CAPEX. And the size of the CAPEX is large for 
everyone and most of the companies have been reporting almost 90% utilization level like you. 
So, do you see a scenario that in the near term, say for next 12 months, where there is capacity 
constraint and the industry is looking to take price hike just because there is no capacity 
available. So, pricing-wise, I think the scenario is favorable for the industry? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Look, everybody is announcing at the different capacity levels, capacity growth. And as I told 
you, the domestic market is looking to be very buoyant in the coming year. So, the appetite of 
commercial vehicles have come back after a long pause. So, this will continue. And plus, please 
note that domestic markets are one consumption point. The other is the export market at large, 
which is a big consumption point for tyres. And right now, as you know that the EU and US 
FTAs are almost getting finalized. We are expecting that tyre should be given that importance 
and we will benefit from that for exports. So, the capacities will be needed as we go forward 
because of the robust demand overall. 
Ronak Mehta: 
No, sir. So, my question was more from the pricing point of view. So, given that the demand is 
pretty strong and the capacity is almost near peak utilization level, in case of a higher raw 
material pricing scenario, do you think that the price hikes could be much more easier this time 
given that recently because of GST there was a price cut and industry also does not have adequate 
capacity? So, pricing wise, is it easier? Do you think that it will be easier for you as well as other 
industry players to take price hikes in the near term? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Keeping in view the demand supply situation and the overall market dynamics, whatever 
necessary price revisions may have to be undertaken going ahead will be done. 
Ronak Mehta: 
Understood. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Abhishek Jain from Alfaccurate Advisors 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for a strong set of numbers. Sir, my first question on 
that demand scenario on the Mexican business. So, just wanted to understand how much the 
volume growth, YoY and on QoQ basis in Mexico and what are the levers for the business 
growth over there? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
JK Tornel, Mexico on a year-on-year basis has seen a jump of 21% in revenues. As we go along, 
we see a good traction coming in from Mexico itself because the economy is picking up there. 

 
JK Tyre & Industries Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
The other thing is also that we are continuously exploring the US markets under the USMCA. 
Right now, no duties have been announced, and we are taking advantage of that by exporting 
into the US. Also, we see that Brazil and LATAM are also showing a steady demand. Next, we 
are also finding newer spaces to increase our through-put in terms of volumes. And as I told you 
that we are constantly increasing our foothold in Mexico, appointing dealers and higher volumes 
through mass merchandisers as well. So, we are seeing a good throughput coming in from there. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, in Mexican business, how much is the contribution of the export right now? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
It is nearly 40%. 
Abhishek Jain: 
40% exports and 60% is the domestic ? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Yes, right. 
Abhishek Jain: 
And sir, in the domestic market, there is also that the Mexican government has imposed duties 
on the many countries. So, just wanted to understand what is the benefit to you because your 
plant is over there. So, is there any benefit goes to you because of this? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Yes, the benefit is because we are having local production capacities there in Mexico, we get the 
benefit of a low-cost base and that's why we've been able to supply tyres into the local market 
and export as well. So, yeah we do get that benefit. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, from here on, what kind of the growth we are looking in the domestic Mexican market and 
export market in Mexico business in the next one year? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
We are looking at the mid-single digit growth. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. Got it. And how much margin expansion you're looking over there? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
We are looking in the range of about 1% to 2%. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Got it, sir. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nandan Pradhan from Emkay Global 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Nandan Pradhan: 
Hello. Good afternoon to the team and thank you for taking my question. Congratulations on a 
great set of numbers. And I just had two questions. One is the INR 14 billion CAPEX that was 
undergoing. We had mentioned that it would come on stream from Q3 and I think PCR had 

 
JK Tyre & Industries Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
started from October. So, I just wanted to know the status on that currently? That's the first 
question. 
Anshuman Singhania: 
So, our PCR expansion at Banmore is already under ramp up. It is already completed and it’s 
going to attain its full capacity by July’26 and for TBR capacities at Laksar by April’26. ASLTR 
expansion in Mysuru has already been completed. 
Nandan Pradhan: 
Thank you, sir and my next question, we had also called out EBITDA margin guidance of 13% 
to 15%. I think we are already towards the upper band and with Q4 RM basket seen going 
upwards of 1% to 2%, the impact of that would largely flow through in Q1FY‘27. So, do we still 
stand by the guidance of 13% to 15%? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Yes, we will because there is a lot of robustness in terms of the OE demand and we are the 
largest in the truck and bus. So, there we are seeing good throughput coming in and it is going 
to be sustained even in the FY’27. And we also see a good traction in the passenger car line as 
well, where our premiumization is playing an important role in terms of margin expansion. Last 
year the contribution of 16-inch & above PCR tyres in our mix was around 27% and today we 
are at nearly 31%. So, that is also panning out for us. And we are also expanding the capacities 
as I mentioned by INR 1,130 crores, where we are also undertaking more expansion in the 
passenger line, which will further enhance the higher rim size capacities. 
Nandan Pradhan: 
Thank you for such a detailed answer. So, just one last question. We had spoken about a INR 50 
billion CAPEX over a period of next five years. So, this INR 1,130 Cr would essentially form a 
part of that plan, if I am not wrong? 
Sanjeev Aggrawal: 
Yes, INR 1130 Cr is a part of that only and this will take somewhere between 1 - 2 years to 
complete this project. 
Nandan Pradhan: 
Got it, sir. Thank you for taking my question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kuber from Axis Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Kuber: 
Congratulations, sir, for a good set of numbers. Just two questions from my side. First one is, 
what kind of demand traction we are witnessing in the verticals? Is it more from trucks? Is it 
more from passengers? That is one question. Or any other verticals? And secondly, you said that 
40% of the dependency is on Mexico. So, are they going to reduce in near future? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
No, that 40% is not the contribution of Tornel to overall revenues. It is actually JK Tornel’s 
exports at 40% and rest 60% it sells domestically. 

 
JK Tyre & Industries Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Kuber: 
Okay. And in terms of demand, where we are witnessing more traction and in next year as well, 
what we see in terms of demand? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
We are witnessing a good demand across the segments. There has been a sharp demand which 
is coming in from the OEM in the CVs, i.e. in the truck and bus segment. As I said earlier that 
in FY’26, truck category is about to cross its FY’19 high numbers in terms of their sales. And 
we see that continuous traction going forward in the next year. We are also seeing a good traction 
coming in from passenger category. Further, we are participating closely with the OEMs with 
new and exciting product launches in the passenger car segment. We also see the same traction 
in the farm sector and as well as two-three wheeler on the back of rural income picking up. 
Kuber: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bharat Bhagnani from Living Root 
Analytics. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Bhagnani: 
I think this question is for Sanjeev ji, can you just explain the current tax and deferred tax 
calculation which is there and what is the tax rate for us? 
Sanjeev Aggrawal: 
As you must be aware we are in the process of implementing certain expansion projects, 
therefore some kind of deferred tax increases every year, and this gives us the benefit in income 
tax to defer some amount w.r.t new projects. But we are broadly under 25% tax bracket in the 
new regime. So, 25% is the effective tax rate for us. 
Bharat Bhagnani: 
Okay. And in this particular quarter, how much is the effective tax rate that we have paid? 
Sanjeev Aggrawal: 
That will be the same, except the fact that we were also carrying some brought forward losses 
in the books of Cavendish in income tax. So, that some benefit might have come actually our 
way from CIL. 
Bharat Bhagnani: 
Net tax rate, what is that in this quarter? 
Sanjeev Aggrawal: 
Around 25%, that is the effective tax rate. It will be divided between the deferred tax and actual 
tax payment and overall will remain 25%. 
Bharat Bhagnani: 
And the exceptional items also you have given the note for that, so going forward the exceptional 
won’t come, right? 
Sanjeev Aggrawal: 
So, there are three exceptional item in this note, one is the stamp duty, which is because of the 
merger activity and is One time. The other one is foreign exchange losses, as you would know, 
there was a huge volatility during the quarter. And this is also not the realized loss, this is mark-
to-market partly. And the third one is because of the labor codes, and it is also a one-time charge. 

 
JK Tyre & Industries Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Bharat Bhagnani: 
So, all of these are one time, I think, apart from foreign exchange. 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Yes, these two major ones are one time charge. And forex losses today could be forex gain 
tomorrow. But this is mostly the mark-to-market one. 
Bharat Bhagnani: 
Okay. And Anshumanji, one final thing from my side, the rubber prices have gone up a bit. So, 
till what level of rubber prices are we comfortable that we will be able to maintain the margins? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Rubber prices are inching up. And as I said that our total raw material basket will be hovering 
by 1% to 2%. So, that will not make much of an impact because there is a lot of volume push 
with enhanced capacity. Utilization is also at its full. 
Bharat Bhagnani: 
So, you are okay with these kinds of prices as well, right? You are confident that you will be 
able to maintain margins? 
Anshuman Singhania: 
We will plan accordingly in terms of the competitiveness of the market for any price revisions. 
Bharat Bhagnani: 
Okay. Thank you so much. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sanjeev Aggarwal: 
Thank you so much for joining this conference call for Quarter 3. And I hope we have given 
answers to all your questions satisfactorily. Good day and thank you so much. 
Anshuman Singhania: 
Thank you. 
Arun K. Bajoria: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
