 
 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
 
Registered OƯice: SY No. 16/2 and 16/3 Part, Hosur Road, Veerasandra village, Attibele Hobli, Anekal Taluk, Bangalore, Karnataka-560100 
 
CIN: L19116KA2007PLC044090 | Phone: 080 6895 7200 | E-mail: compliance@stanleylifestyles.com | Website: www.stanleylifestyles.com 
Date: 17.02.2026                                                                                               Ref no. SLL/SE/138-2026                            
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”) 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex Bandra [E], Mumbai – 400051 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”) 
Listing Department 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
NSE Scrip Symbol: STANLEY 
BSE Scrip Code: 544202 
ISIN: INE01A001028 
ISIN: INE01A001028 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF THE EARNINGS CALL FOR THE QUARTER AND NINE 
MONTHS ENDED 31ST DECEMBER 2025. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith a copy of transcript 
of the earnings call held on 13th February 2026 on the unaudited financial results (standalone and 
consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31st , 2025. 
The transcript of the earnings conference call is also available on the website of the Company at: 
https://www.stanleylifestyles.com/storage/Investor/February2026/5PKv6-
Earnings%20call%20transcript.pdf 
 
We request you to kindly take this on your record. 
Thanking You, 
For Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
 
Sunil Suresh                                                                         
Managing Director                                                                                                                                                       
DIN: 01421517 
 
Enclosed: As above 
SURESH 
SUNIL
Digitally signed by 
SURESH SUNIL 
Date: 2026.02.17 
18:34:13 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Stanley Lifestyles Limited Q3 FY 2026 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUNIL SURESH – CHAIRMAN AND FOUNDER, 
STANLEY LIFESTYLES LIMITED 
MR. VENKATARAMANA GORTI – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, STANLEY LIFESTYLES LIMITED 
MR. J. K. SHARATH – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, STANLEY LIFESTYLES LIMITED 
MR. ABHIJEET SONAR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
RETAIL BUSINESS, STANLEY RETAIL LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUNNY BHADRA – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Stanley Lifestyles Limited Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sunny Bhadra from Emkay Global Financial Services 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sunny Bhadra: 
Thank you, Shruti. Good evening, everyone. I would like to welcome the management and thank 
them for this opportunity.  
 
We have with us today Mr. Sunil Suresh – Chairman and Founder, Mr. Venkataraman Gorti – 
Managing Director, Mr. J. K. Sharath – Group Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Abhijeet Sonar 
– Chief Executive Officer, Retail Business. 
 
I shall now hand over the conference to the Management for the opening remarks. Over to you, 
gentlemen. 
Sunil Suresh: 
Good evening and thank you for joining us. 
This year marks three decades of Stanley, of leather mastery, manufacturing excellence and 
brand building. As we complete this milestone year, we have taken a deliberate pause not to 
slow down, but to strengthen the foundation of the next phase of growth. Our revenue trajectory 
remains stable. However, profitability for the quarter reflects conscious investment and 
structural transactions we undertook over the past three quarters. Let me explain this clearly.  
 
After almost three decades of founder-led growth, we have initiated a structured transition 
towards institutional leadership. We inducted a Joint Managing Director and a new Retail CEO, 
both among the strongest leadership talent of Stanley. These leaders represent the new 
generation for Stanley. For approximately three months, there was an overlap in senior 
management roles to ensure continuity and seamless transfer of responsibility. This overlap has 
increased short-term costs, but was critical for long-term governance strength. We believe 
institutional leadership is not optional, it is essential for sustainable growth. 
 
Store expansion and investment phase: 
Over the past three quarters, we have opened nine new stores, including FOFO stores. Six 
additional stores expected to open in the next couple of months. We acquired franchisee 
operations in Hyderabad and Pune, converting them into company-owned formats. We have now 
expanded our COCO presence across the top six metros in India. However, stores under 36 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
months of operation yield significantly lower margins than mature stores. With a large number 
of recently opened stores in the system, this has temporarily diluted profitability.  
 
While our COCO stores have grown steadily this year, the franchisee channel experienced 
moderation, partly due to broader demand softness and projected delays and project delays. 
Importantly, these investments have been deliberate. We have invested over Rs. 62 crores in 
expansion in the first three quarters, yet our cash reserves remain at the same level as last year, 
reflecting prudent financial management. 
 
Strategic sourcing, BCC, best cost country model: 
We are working diligently to be more and more competitive through our strategic sourcing 
initiatives through our BCC model. This has started yielding good results for us and will continue 
to do so in the future, too. 
 
Brand architecture and network rationalization: 
As part of our three-decade reset, we undertake a comprehensive brand architecture review, 
reviewing existing stores, evaluating underperforming catchments, paused certain expansion, 
rationalization formats where required. Some stores had outlived their catchment potential, it 
was prudent to address this now rather than defer the difficult decisions. 
 
Market environment and demand outlook: 
Order execution during the year was impacted by residential project handover delays, global 
macro uncertainties, subdued discretionary demand in certain months. However, traction has 
improved meaningfully from January onwards. 
 
Data across the six metros where we are present now shows that the premium housing sales over 
the past three, four years have been at historic highs. Delays in handover have created a pipeline 
of premium housing awaiting interior fit-outs. We expect deliveries to accelerate starting 2026, 
unlocking significant demand for premium furniture. Stanley is now fully present in these 
markets and well positioned to benefit. 
 
Regulatory advantages, BIS certification: 
We obtained our BIS certification this month on products covered under QCO, among the early 
movers in the furniture segment. With the quality control order coming into effect this financial 
year, non-certified importers and unorganized players will face restrictions in the Indian market. 
We believe this structural shift will favor organized, compliant, integrated players like Stanley. 
 
Technology and full home pivot: 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
As we pivot from leather specialist sofa manufacturing company to full home luxury provider, 
we have passed selectively to integrate the right technology platforms, upgrade back-end 
systems, recalibrate our kitchen and cabinetry vertical with the experience we have obtained. 
Order book remains robust and we are confident this integration will strengthen execution 
capability as we move towards FY 2027. 
 
Closing outlook: 
Premium housing and branded luxury furniture in India remain in early stage of organized 
growth. To summarize again, the reset after three decades, organizational restructuring of 
leadership transition, brand architecture and network rationalization, cost optimization through 
strategic sourcing, efficiency and productivity improvements, business enablers through 
technology enhancement, BIS certification, full home solutions. The investments made this year 
have temporarily compressed profitability, but they have structurally strengthened the business. 
We remain confident of delivering quality growth, improved margins and stronger return ratios 
in FY 2026 and beyond. 
 
I now invite Mr. J. K. Sharath to walk you through the financial performance. 
J. K. Sharath: 
Thank you, Sunil. Good evening, everyone. 
Every investment we make today in stores, people and processes is aimed at reinforcing our 
position as India's most admired luxury furniture company. For the nine months ended FY 2026, 
the company reported revenue from operations of Rs. 3,179 million, reflecting a modest year-
on-year growth of 1.4%. This relatively muted growth is largely attributable to evolving 
consumer preferences with a visible shift towards more value-oriented products during this 
period. Encouragingly, gross profits grew by 6.2% compared to the corresponding period last 
year, supported by an improved product mix and continued operational efficiencies.  
 
EBITDA margins remained largely stable at 18.8% in nine months FY 2026 as against 18.9% 
in nine months FY 2025, demonstrating resilience at the operation level. However, reported PAT 
stood at Rs. 136 million, declining by of 26.1% from Rs. 184 million in nine months FY 2025. 
The reduction in profitability was mainly due to higher depreciation and finance costs arising 
from ongoing store expansion and strategic investments in growth infrastructure, which we 
believe will support long-term value creation. 
 
During the nine months, we opened seven COCO stores and are progressing on five additional 
COCO stores. This resulted in higher depreciation and finance cost of Rs. 101 million due to 
lease-related accounting impact. These are forward-looking investments, preparing us for the 
next phase of growth. 
 
For the third quarter ended December 31, 2025 revenue from operations stood at Rs. 1,038 
million, reflecting a decline of 5.4% year-on-year, primarily impacted by near-term demand 
softness. After considering the impact of new labor laws, EBITDA margins moderated at 11.9% 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
in Q3 FY 2026 compared to 18.7% in Q3 FY 2025, representing a contraction of 680 basis 
points, largely due to operational deleverage and costs associated with recent expansion. 
 
During the quarter, the company reported a marginal loss of Rs. 2 million at PAT level as against 
a profit of Rs. 89 million in the corresponding period last year. The decline in profitability was 
mainly attributable to higher depreciation and finance costs, along with expenses relating to new 
store additions that are yet to reach optimal utilization and deliver commensurate returns. Higher 
amortization and finance costs from new store additions had a short-term impact. However, these 
strategic investments will strengthen our retail footprint and support future profitability. 
 
We will now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Resha Mehta from GreenEdge Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Resha Mehta: 
Good evening and thank you for the opportunity. So the first is on the growth part, right. So if 
we look at your commentary, basically, project handovers will accelerate only by the end of FY 
2027. And also, the consumer is shifting or down trading or to more value-oriented products. So 
with that, then how do we look at growth internally for us as a company? 
Sunil Suresh: 
So if you really look at how we have kind of moved from our typical home markets and now 
have a clear presence in the top six metros. There is definitely a solid pipeline that is expected 
in terms of the premium homes and luxury homes that have been sold over the last three to four 
years, which normally take between four years to four and a half years to come for delivery. So 
we are very excited in terms of the number of projects that have already been sold, probably a 
bit delayed, and they are all going to come to handover starting from FY 2026. So while there 
has been a small little what you can call as a sentiment in terms of how things were in the last 
six months or so with the global headwinds and also the projects coming into delivery will 
definitely accelerate our offering to the market. 
Resha Mehta: 
No, sorry, my question was then what growth are we targeting, let's say, for FY 2027, 
considering the macro consumer sentiment is not supportive and handover of projects only 
happen by the end of FY 2027? While we have been articulating our aspiration of 20% plus kind 
of a revenue CAGR, but right now, we are nowhere close to that. So just from a realistic 
standpoint, what would be your revenue guidance for the next financial year, considering the 
macro situation? 
Sunil Suresh: 
So for you to understand that, actually our pivot towards full home solutions have turned out 
very positive. And if I look at how our KCD order book looks compared to December of last 
year. So basically, when I say the kitchen business comes in first followed by loose furniture 
later. Last year, December, we had an order book of roughly about 12% of our total order book 
coming from kitchen and cabinetry. This year on December 31, it has gone up by 20%, so almost 
30%. So the pipeline for us to do complete homes are increasing. So thereby, the average ticket 
size of each customer will jump almost six to seven folds. So that is how we are pivoting from 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
a loose furniture brand towards a complete home solution brand. So this will definitely kind of 
what you can cascade into a much higher sales as we go forward. 
Resha Mehta: 
Would you want to quantify your guidance for revenue growth overall at a company level for 
FY 2027? 
Sunil Suresh: 
Basically, like I said, in terms of our approach, we are looking at a very healthy and profitable 
growth. So at this point in time, we will not be able to give you a number as to what we are 
projecting because we are in the process of budgeting and we will probably give it to you by Q1. 
Resha Mehta: 
And on the store addition, so I think for the full financial year, we would be at plus nine stores, 
right? We would have added nine stores. 
Sunil Suresh: 
I think by the end of probably April, maybe not March, but by April, I think we should be having 
altogether 15 stores, out of which we have 12 COCO and three FOFO stores coming in, am I 
right? 
J. K. Sharath: 
So nine we have opened till December, already opened. We have another six in the pipeline. In 
that, five is COCO and one is FOFO. 
Sunil Suresh: 
So total COCO, how many? 
J. K. Sharath: 
Total COCO is seven plus five. 
Sunil Suresh: 
So total COCO stores will be 12 and three FOFO stores. So we have already opened nine and 
six are pending. We are confident of doing between now and Q1, within early Q1 we will do it. 
Resha Mehta: 
And lastly, the employee expenses and the other operating expenses are growing at a much 
higher pace versus the revenue growth. Any comments there? And where do we see the quarterly 
run rate settling, especially for the employee cost? 
Sunil Suresh: 
Sure. I think I was quite clear about that in my commentary. And actually, as I told, there has 
been a senior management change and there has been a transition period. So probably for almost 
three months we had an overlap, and that will start settling down by the end of this quarter. 
J. K. Sharath: 
Plus also because of the new labor code, we had to take a onetime hit in terms of employee 
benefits for gratuity and leave and onetime hit was there and plus also a recurring hit because of 
the change in the regulation has come and all these has hit our employee costs. It's quite a large 
number actually. Close to Rs. 9 million. 
Resha Mehta: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclic Investments. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I am trying to understand that since we are in the luxury furniture space, what impact would 
quality control order have? Because I understand mostly the unorganized sector would be at the 
entry-level cheap furniture stage. So are you really expecting some significant tailwind from the 
QCO order? 
Sunil Suresh: 
Yes. As most of our competition is imported furniture and compulsory of making it BIS and 
QCO coming in, I think we will definitely be benefited because we have already applied for and 
already got certain BIS certifications done. So we are quite positive about the impact on our 
company with the QCO being implemented. While I think the unorganized sector will find it 
fairly difficult, companies such as ourselves who are basically compliant and are already 
certified will probably have a couple of years lead ahead. We remain very positive about that. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Now sir, another basic question is on the top line, which does not seem to be growing from FY 
2023 levels. We are stuck at around 400, 450 level, even though the net worth has significantly 
expanded, thanks to the IPO proceeds. So all that capital, even the net worth has over doubled, 
still when will it start showing in the top line? 
Sunil Suresh: 
If you heard my commentary, I think we were quite clear we have completed three decades in 
business now. And this has been a small pause for us to kind of restructure, do the entire brand 
architecture, which I think we are almost completing by the end of this financial year, and we 
are very positive that you will start seeing a lot of growth. So in terms of also our store aging, if 
you really look at it, we have close to about 50% of our stores are under three years, which are 
basically still at very young age in terms of the maturity. So we expect that due course of the 
next financial year, many of them will start coming to a higher profitability and maturity. So 
that's how we are positioned right now. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Now sir, we have over around Rs. 190 crores, which is like 20% of our market cap and we 
remain debt-free. So any plans to do a share buyback so that the future growth can get divided 
on a smaller base and EPS can increase? 
Sunil Suresh: 
No. At this moment, like I said, we are fairly busy and been very involved in doing the reset for 
the company. We are going to go ahead and do some good performance in the due course of 
next quarter and we will think about it later. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir, what about the rupee depreciation since we are also importing quite a bit. So how are 
our margins getting hit or have we taken some kind of price hike in recent times? 
Sunil Suresh: 
Not really, but then I think our entire kind of pivot towards moving away from expensive 
European imports towards BCC or what we call a best country suitable or localization, those 
things have started to play out. And I think we are well positioned to kind of derisk ourselves 
from ForEx volatility. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, are we looking at exports to U.S. and EU after the recent deals? 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Sunil Suresh: 
At the moment, I think we are very clearly focused. While our B2B business has been showing 
a lot of good inquiries and order book expansion, our focus will remain on B2C. And since we 
are investing in acquiring multiple franchises in cities, we are going to be very focused as a B2C 
brand. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, on Page 6 of your presentation, it says 61% stores are COCO, 9% are FOFO and 30% is 
others. Others, meaning what? 
Sunil Suresh: 
Others is basically B2B. We have a mix of B2B and B2C. 70% of our revenue is  B2C, which is 
a mix of COCO and FOFO and 30% is B2B. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir, what are our CAPEX plans going ahead? 
Sunil Suresh: 
So we have completed our CAPEX projection for this year. And as I mentioned to you, despite 
investing Rs. 63 crores, our cash reserves are exactly the same where we were last year. So at 
the moment, we are budgeting. I think we will basically be able to give you better clarity by the 
end of Q1. 
Madhur Rathi: 
So all the funds that we have, Rs. 190 crores or thereabouts, it's for working capital usage going 
forward? 
J. K. Sharath: 
So it will be a mix because as per the fund utilization we have raised in the IPO, we have partially 
utilized the proceeds which we have realized. The whole working capital requirement, which 
was raised has already been utilized and consumed by us. The remaining will be for our new 
stores opening, which we plan for the next couple of years as per the prospectus. We have close 
to Rs. 78 crores, which we still have as part of our IPO process, which are yet to be deployed. 
And as per our IPO plan, we will be deploying it in the next couple of years. 
Management: 
Out of the Rs. 190 crores. 
J. K. Sharath: 
Out of the Rs. 190 crores, yes, yes. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, lastly, I just wanted to understand that do we enjoy any, let's say, advantage in the production 
side? Is our cost of production lower than the competition, let's say, Godrej Interio or whosoever 
is our competitor? Where do we have the edge? Is our cost of production cheaper or I mean we 
are fully integrated? What would you say is our USP? 
Sunil Suresh: 
So please understand that our segment where we are catering to is much higher than what other 
Indian organized players are actually playing. So for us, the competition is primarily European 
imports and other Chinese imports and so on and so forth. So we do not look at segment-wise 
competition, direct competition with the companies that you mentioned. So I think we are mostly 
bespoke manufacturing and the customization is our most important USP and we will continue 
to do it. We are not in the mass production. We are in what you call as handcrafted bespoke 
production. And our customer base is normally homes with more than Rs. 2 crores to Rs. 3 crores 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
investment in their residential project. We do not cater to homemakers below Rs. 3 crores of 
residential budget. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, since our competitors are foreign companies like Gautier of France, et cetera, so with the 
recent EU FTA deal, I mean, we will not be flooded with European furniture imports and -- 
Sunil Suresh: 
No, no, no. So basically, that is the BIS. That is exactly the touch point that you have to 
understand. The BIS certification and QCO is doing exactly what it did to footwear and toys 
five, six years ago. If you realize that same QCO was applied on footwear and toys and now it's 
being applied on furniture. So it will definitely block certain imports. And as we look at it, as 
we expand our base and are able to kind of give the similar quality, we believe that when we 
have a higher end competition, we normally win because our speed to market, we are able to 
deliver our loose furniture in 4 to six weeks, whereas they take almost six to six months. So that's 
the kind of advantages we have. So as the market is getting more and more premiumized, our 
business is going to thrive. That is how we are positioning ourselves. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir, lastly, in Bangalore, sir, what percent of our revenue is coming? Sir, with this, if the IT 
sector gets disrupted, then I mean, we might get hit because after all they are the highly paid 
white-collar segment, which is our customer base. So any thoughts on that? 
Sunil Suresh: 
So again, I think when you look at, I understand your concern in terms of IT getting disrupted. 
But actually, even in our value premium segment, it is typically the CXO level of IT that actually 
start with it. So we are not in the market segment where the typical IT employees are our 
customers. When we look at our customer profile, it normally starts with CXOs, but we cater to 
a lot of HNIs. We cater to a lot of -- our mix is very, very large. We have SMSE, SMA, SME 
owners. We have a very huge mix in terms of bankers and that corporate onshore actually. We 
do not cater to normally, I could say in a way that for you to understand, 90% of our customers 
are employers and not employees. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manjeet from Saamya Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Manjeet Buaria: 
Thank you for taking my questions. Sir, I just wanted to again touch upon once on our revenue 
growth on a slightly longer time frame. When I look at March 2023 end, we had about the store 
count then and the store count now and store count has gone up by about 33%, whereas our B2C 
business has grown by about 10% in these roughly three years now. So why is the revenue 
growth lagging store growth with such a wide margin? I am not able to understand that. 
Sunil Suresh: 
If you look at our store aging, normally as we have always mentioned that we require about 
between 24 to 36 months for our stores to come to maturity. Currently, when we looked at FY 
2023, probably we had stores that were fairly mature. But today, more than 50% of our stores 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
are under 24 months. So we are still in the process of maturity. So this you will see what you 
call as results unfold due course of the few quarters going forward. 
Manjeet Buaria: 
Sir, is my understanding correct that the 35 stores which you have shown is more than three 
years old, which are our mature stores. Has these stores been declined or they have negative 
SSSG? 
Sunil Suresh: 
So some of them probably have because like I mentioned that we are looking at there were some 
very legacy stores which have outlived their catchment area. So we are doing what we call as 
either we are changing the brand from premium to our value premium brands or we are relocating 
the stores and also the pivot is happening in the company as far as we are moving from loose 
furniture to a complete home solution provider. So that's a changing process at this point in time. 
Manjeet Buaria: 
And sir, on this point of moving from loose furniture to a full home solution, I think you gave 
some statistic, I think I missed that, in terms of what percent of your order book is now become 
a full home sort of a more composite order than just a loose furniture order. Did you mention 
any mix over there? 
Sunil Suresh: 
Yes. So essentially, like I mentioned to your other question earlier, if you look at December 
2024, our order book position, what you call as full home orders or our cabinetry orders was 
only 12% and our loose furniture order was 88%. And this year, FY 2025, it has grown by 20%. 
So our KCD in full home order book is at 37% versus 12% and we have grown by 20%. So 
thereby, we are very clear that once we get into the house with kitchen and cabinetry, the loose 
furniture also will start following. So that is the shift that we have aimed for and we are getting 
there. 
Manjeet Buaria: 
Okay. And sir, our employee expenses, I understand there has been sort of investments right 
now to strengthen the corporate team. The Rs. 19 crores quarterly number we see in Q3, is this 
the new recurring trend or this Rs. 19 crores will settle lower going ahead? 
J. K. Sharath: 
Sorry, we missed your voice. It was not clear. Can you repeat it again? It was not clear. 
Manjeet Buaria: 
I was checking, the Rs. 19 crores of employee expenses we see in Q3 quarter, you mentioned 
that there has been some over investment right now for the transition. I wanted to check how 
will this Rs. 19 crores settle going ahead? 
J. K. Sharath: 
So primarily what happened, this increase constitutes of two, three items. One key item which 
has increased is more of the labor code impact which has come. Overall, we have an impact of 
about Rs. nine million in the quarter which we have taken because of the new labor code which 
has come and the past service liability which we have taken. 
 
The second key impact item is because of the new stores which we have opened, there is an 
increase in the employee expenses which has come because we will have employees also being 
coming in each of these nine new stores which has come. And the other key piece is the transition 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
which Sunil spoke about, because we had onboarded new leadership team. We had in the quarter, 
both old CEO and new CEO working, new MD, old MD were there, because of which the salary 
is sort of higher in this quarter, which over a period of time will sort of even out. 
Manjeet Buaria: 
Okay. One last question was, has your Bangalore cohort overall shown equivalent performance 
to other city stores or has Bangalore been more subdued than the non-Bangalore stores? That 
was my last question. 
J. K. Sharath: 
No, he's asking how has been our growth in each of the -- 
Sunil Suresh: 
So actually, when you look at it, just about 24 months ago, almost, I would say 66% to 67% of 
our entire business was dependent on Bangalore. But after acquiring our partners in Hyderabad 
and also now expanding in Chennai and Hyderabad and Pune, we acquired our partners. So Pune 
has grown by almost 250-odd-percent compared to last year. Hyderabad has grown by almost 
30%, 35% and Chennai has grown by about 35% -- 
Management: 
No, Hyderabad has grown more. Chennai 50%. 
J. K. Sharath: 
Chennai, 30%. 
Sunil Suresh: 
Chennai has grown by 35%. So we see that in the due course of the next three to four quarters, 
I think our business will be fairly evenly spread among five of the six metros, because in 
Bombay, we still struggle due to non-availability of real estate. Other than that, I think we have 
expanded in all the other metros. So it will even out and we are hoping to have a more even play 
across the six metros in the due course of next three to four quarters. 
Manjeet Buaria: 
Okay. Thank you sir for taking my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets. 
Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Sir, two things. I think sometime back you had said that in three years you will be reaching a 
figure of Rs. 1,000 crores. Is that intact? And number two question is, the furniture control order. 
Do you see the import of furniture coming down with that? 
Sunil Suresh: 
Yes. Let me articulate that once again. So, we had always mentioned that it would be 1,000 
working days, so that's technically what it was anyway. Nevertheless, I think we are definitely 
keyed into getting towards that number. There is no change. Of course, like I said, there has been 
a small little pause in the last couple of quarters to realign our entire brand strategy. And looking 
at how the winds are favoring us, we are very positive that with the QCO and everything, the 
imports coming down. I think we are probably one of the few companies in India who are well 
positioned to cater to the premium and luxury demand that is emerging. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And the Quality Control Order, do you see import coming down? 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Sunil Suresh: 
Absolutely, absolutely. I think, basically, like I said, the BIS certification process has already 
started. We are one of the first early guys to have already got certain BIS certifications done. So 
I think that is really going to favor organized players in India. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Now the Rs. 1,000 crores in 1,000 days, I mean, right now, has the period been prolonged by, 
say, another 200, 300 days or where is it? 
Sunil Suresh: 
So like I mentioned to you, we have done this structural change. Our intentions are very clear. 
We have to get to that milestone and we are definitely working towards that. We have seen that 
in the last six, seven, eight months, there has been major global headwinds that kind of played 
out with the tariffs being implemented on Indian sentiments. And our customer profile was a bit 
slow. I think postponed high-ticket purchases. I think those winds are once again changing. I 
think January, we have seen a more potential walk-ins in our stores and we remain very positive 
about that. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And my last question. What is your prognosis of gross profit margin and operating profit margin 
in, say, another two years, say, FY 2029? 
Sunil Suresh: 
So I think with all the developments in terms of our purchasing and scale coming into the 
business, we believe that we are positioned to kind of, of course, I think we have to look at how 
the aging of the stores play out, because we still have a lot of young, younger stores, as we call. 
But eventually, our vision is very clear that with the premium and luxury positioning, we need 
to have a premium margin. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
That means gross profit margin, my last question, the gross profit margin around 55% to 60% 
and operating profit margin around, say, 20%? 
J. K. Sharath: 
So the gross profit margin, currently, whatever we have, is, we have also mentioned earlier, is 
something which is sustainable. That's where you will see that because of our lot of efforts in 
localization, product mix and changes in the operational efficiencies which we have brought in 
as a strategic effort over a period of time, you see a very consistent and a more recurring kind of 
a benefit coming in. That's where these numbers which we have are more sustainable numbers 
and we continue to have it or maybe slightly better it as we go, depends on the various other 
parameters. 
 
Operating profit, like Sunil said, is more a factor of how our new stores perform and what is the 
mix of our new store versus old store. Like, currently, we have 50% of our stores which are less 
than three years and 50% more than three years. We are currently looking at all the stores which 
are underperforming and plus we are also opening a lot of new stores in the current year. 
 
So this mix will influence a lot of margins, which will be there in short term, because we are 
making a lot of investments and you would see the investments are initially getting recognized. 
But over a period of time, once this amortization, interest cost, et cetera, which is an accounting 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
matter under our lease accounting is sorted, then you will have a much better financial position, 
which will get reflected. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
So you are not committing anything on the operating profit margin? 
J. K. Sharath: 
No, we do not give any guidance on future numbers at this point. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sidharth from iThought. Please go ahead. 
Sidharth: 
Hi, sir. So my first question is, like, what kind of margins do you earn on COCO retail versus 
FOFO versus the B2B business? 
J. K. Sharath: 
See, our margins more or less remained same. The way we work in, I will first take the FOFO 
business. FOFO business is a franchisee-owned, franchisee-operated. It is a cash and carry 
business. We sell to them and immediately that comes to our revenue and it increases our overall 
profitability. 
 
In a COCO model, we have our own stores where we incur the rentals, where we incur the store 
people and it is more monitored by us. Net-net, our focus has been on our COCO model and our 
COCO margins are higher provided we have an operating leverage which we achieve over a 
period of time, which is what we are trying to work on and get to that level. But yes, we are also 
working towards getting a better mix of COCO and FOFO, because some of the cities we have 
seen that FOFO model is what works better than a COCO model. 
Sidharth: 
But in the six metros we have -- 
J. K. Sharath: 
Yes. But our focus on the six major metros continue to remain as a COCO, and we continue to 
invest in these in the COCO format. And we see a lot of benefits coming out of this, because we 
work on the tailwind of the RERA and the housing, this one. The luxury means more than Rs. 
1.5 crores housing, which are launched, plus also which are expected to come for deliveries in 
the next couple of years. You will see in these six cities, six major cities, there is a big spike 
which is expected in the next two years for deliveries in these cities. So that way, we look 
forward to a lot of growth in these COCO stores. 
Sidharth: 
Understood. But like, correct me if I am wrong, does the FOFO stores require lesser working 
capital for you guys? 
J. K. Sharath: 
You are absolutely right. So the way it works is, while we manage the branding store, the 
positioning, et cetera, et cetera, and provide all the support to the FOFO stores. We do not make 
any investment in the terms of cost, employees, et cetera, et cetera. 
Sidharth: 
And it's also cash and carry, completely. 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
J. K. Sharath: 
So it's a more cash and carry business, here we sell it to them, and they, based on the order, stock 
it and then they sell it to the end customer. So you can, in a sense, say that I have less working 
capital and a CAPEX spend in FOFO model, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Devanshu. You may proceed. 
Devanshu: 
Sir, you have been talking about this QCO thing for a while, and thankfully, it has come to 
fruition now. Just couple of things here. One, you indicated that a part of BIS certification has 
been achieved for your operations, right? So what exactly that mean? And for full certification, 
as in, by when are you expecting our factory premises to be fully BIS certified? 
Sunil Suresh: 
Yes. So we have a lot of different SKUs and quite a lot of SKUs have already been certified. We 
are in the process and we are very confident that in the due course of next one or two months, 
we should be able to get almost 90% of our SKUs certified under BIS. And probably we are one 
of the first guys to also kind of get our BIS certifications. 
Devanshu: 
Okay. So by Q4, the full BIS certification should be achieved, right? Or maybe, say, by Q1, Q1, 
FY 2027? 
Sunil Suresh: 
I think the BIS also is, I would say, completely chock-a-block with hundreds of people 
approaching them. And the government is very clear that first they want to clear the Indian 
manufacturing before even looking anything at foreign manufacturers. So I think it's going to be 
a long-run process. We are expecting definitely to complete almost 90% by hopefully end of Q4 
itself, and I do not see any impact on that coming into play for us. 
Devanshu: 
Okay, okay. And last bit from my end, typically whenever there are such implementations, the 
channel sort of sees huge flooding of inventory, right, just to save themselves from an expected 
BIS implementation by the government. Are you noticing such a trend? Because we have seen 
such things happening in the footwear space where typically the channel was flooded with excess 
inventory and it took some a good amount of time first to sort of liquidate that channel inventory 
and then the benefits of BIS sort of started to come to fruition. So do you also anticipate such 
things to happen in your industry as well? 
Sunil Suresh: 
So you are right, actually. Probably this QCO thing has been in the market for the last, I would 
say, at least two to three quarters. And we have seen some amount of inventory build-up with 
the importers because they were concerned. And now the gazette is passed, everything is 
awaited, so there has been an impact I think which is behind us. I do not see that ahead of us. 
And since we have passed through this, I think we are going to see better quarters coming 
forward. And we are also told that already the customs have started blocking the imports. So 
there are challenges for importers going forward. 
Devanshu: 
So that's fair, but whatever has been imported, so they will have some stock existing in the 
channel, right? So will that take some time to get liquidated? 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Sunil Suresh: 
It could be. I would not want to really comment on that. But because I said this has always been 
there for the last three, four quarters, and I think there was a lot of inventory build-up. I am not 
too sure. And also the market being a bit subdued, I think what we realize is that most of the 
importers are still stuck with some unsold inventories and are finding it a bit difficult. So I would 
not really be in a position to give you that. But unlike in footwear and other things, these are 
very bulky products. So they also need a lot of storage spaces. So I do not think we are going to 
be impacted like how the footwear industry importers were impacted. 
Devanshu: 
Fair enough, sir. Thanks for taking the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arvind Arora from ASquare Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Arvind Arora: 
Hi, everyone. So sir, what's your change in your strategy that you are focusing that whatever 
milestone that we are setting, like Rs. 1,000 crores, we will be able to achieve? And Sunil sir, 
specifically for you, like, what will be your role going forward since there is a change in the 
management that we can see? 
Sunil Suresh: 
I do not know whether you heard me speak in my commentary, so we are in that little pause 
phase where we are actually structuring ourselves much better. And as I mentioned, this was 
very crucial. After three decades of our presence, we realized that this was an essential 
investment to do in terms of getting the top management and in terms of doing a bunch of, I 
would say, brand architectural changes, which is all going on as we speak. So while our 
intentions are very clear and our targets remain the same, we had to go through this little phase. 
Arvind Arora: 
No, I understood, sir. Setting up a target is one thing and then taking steps, like I understood that 
and I heard you clearly that there is a change in the management. But if you can throw some 
light, because these things we are listening from last one, two years, correct? But if we see the 
revenue numbers and everything, so the movements are not visible. So if you can throw some 
light, like, a little bit in detail so that we investor can understand, like, what's going on. So that 
would be easy for us. 
Sunil Suresh: 
So basically, like I mentioned, I think we are focusing on this six major change implementation. 
One is basically organizational restructuring, leadership transition after our three decades of 
play, brand architecture, network rationalization, cost optimization, strategic sourcing 
efficiency, and productivity improvements, because we realized that with scale, our profitability 
will improve. So we are doing that in terms of getting our productivity and efficiency improved. 
 
Business enables through technology, that was something that was missing. So we realized that 
it would be dangerous to scale without getting the tech implementation done. That's also being 
done. Of course, BIS certification and we are pivoting mostly towards full home solution 
actually, and we have started to see the trend. Because if I look at what we were having as an 
order book on December 2024 versus 2025, our order book has improved 20% in terms of full 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
home solutions, and that will actually lead to more sales as we go forward. So that is the pivot 
that is playing out. 
Arvind Arora: 
Understood. And sir, I remember 15 months back, there was an order that you announced that 
we are supplying to an airport, like for some seatings or some materials. So I have not heard 
anything in last one year. So is there any change in the strategy or how, like, we are not focusing 
on that part or how it is? If you can throw some light on that part as well. 
Sunil Suresh: 
So these are things we keep doing. We already supplied to our Bangalore airport long time ago. 
We have recently also supplied to the business and first class lounge in Delhi. So wherever there 
is a brand connect for us and we have a HNI clientele movement, we take up such order. It is 
not something that we are not a B2B brand, so we do not go behind corporate orders and 
hospitality orders. We are a very B2C residential furniture, full home suppliers. But however, 
when we get such opportunities, we definitely take it up and we execute them. So in the Delhi 
T2, in the business and first class lounge, we have already supplied our furniture. 
Arvind Arora: 
Understood. And sir, is it like we are losing our market share in Bangalore? Because you 
mentioned our revenue is increasing in Hyderabad, Pune and other cities. But if I see at a total 
level, the revenue is flat, correct? So is it like we are losing at a Bangalore location? 
Sunil Suresh: 
Bangalore, I think has been slightly flattish for us primarily because, like I said, we are doing 
multiple changes. Bangalore has been our oldest market in terms of cluster expansion. We started 
in 2017, so the cluster expansion worked for about five to six years. We are making certain 
changes now. And that's how I think Bangalore has been slightly flattish. But I think we have 
expanded our business and reached out to the other metros, which was very important as a Pan-
India player. 
Arvind Arora: 
Understood. Okay, sir. So last one, sir. In the last quarter, we discussed there was a new product 
that you were launching. So what's the traction on that like as in? 
Sunil Suresh: 
Yes. I think you are talking about the license of a German company what we have taken. So that 
I think we are just about starting and we will have our pilot store going live probably by end of 
this quarter and we will have certain budgeting done for that for next year, which we have not 
yet budgeted. But the first pilot store is going to go live by end of this quarter. 
Arvind Arora: 
How much revenue we can expect from that? 
Sunil Suresh: 
We are working on the collection for almost one year. There were German designers who have 
come and made the collection. The collection is fully ready. We sent out one small container as 
a sample container to Germany. So we are awaiting results of that. Plus also, like I said, the pilot 
store is being made. And end of this quarter, we will have the first pilot store ready. 
Arvind Arora: 
But nothing as such, as in like, other than the sample or pilot project, nothing is being 
materialized as a discussion, like how much revenue potential that project would have? 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Sunil Suresh: 
Not yet. So this we will budget by probably end of this quarter and have something for next year 
coming up. It's a process which has taken more than one year to get where we are, and we are 
now just about ready to get market-ready. 
Arvind Arora: 
Understood. Okay, sir, all the best. I know this time will sail fast and we will be, like, we will 
definitely cross this 1,000 milestone. All the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sidharth from iThought. Please proceed. 
Sidharth: 
Hi, sir. I just have one more question. You have been talking about, like, the brand restructuring. 
And with the new leadership team, how are you actually going to build this brand in the future? 
What is the strategy? 
Sunil Suresh: 
Yes, it's a good question. So basically, if you really look at how we were evolving in the last few 
years, so we did not have the quantum of premium and luxury houses coming into the market 
between 2015 and 2020 or for that matter, even between 2020 and 2025. But when I look at what 
the actual RERA report says and the quantum of luxury and premium houses that are sold in the 
last 4 years, which are historical high numbers, these are the homes that are going to come to the 
market, mostly in the six major metros of India. Almost, you can say 85% or 90% of India's 
premium and luxury housing is going to come into play in these six metros of India. 
 
So we have actually very steadily but slowly moved from our home market of Bangalore, 
acquired partners in other cities such as Bombay, Chennai. Now recently, we also acquired, after 
IPO, we acquired our Hyderabad and our Pune partner. So we have actually started putting up 
our COCO stores and that is already starting to show growth there. 
 
The new management team, which is coming on board, is more institutionally oriented. For the 
three decades, we were promoters, we were driving this business and we had a legacy team who 
probably were not capable of taking the company to the next level. So we had to go through 
those change implementation. Tech implementation is also happening. So various things are in 
the pipeline. And that is how we believe that we will be able to grow substantially going forward. 
I hope I have answered you correctly. 
Sidharth: 
Thank you, sir. That’s it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manjeet from Saamya Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Manjeet Buaria: 
Thank you for giving me a follow-up. Sunil, one question was, as Abhijeet has taken over as 
CEO, on a day-to-day basis, have you taken a back seat or are you operationally involved daily 
even now? 
Sunil Suresh: 
Okay. So, yes, in fact, what I am really going to do is basically, in fact, take a further front seat. 
I do not think I am going to take a back seat. That's not correct. In terms, like I said, we had to 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
get certain professionals to kind of address certain areas which are very important. Of course, 
there will be a slow process of succession that is going to happen. But in terms of our 
involvement as the promoters, we are very much involved in this business. And it continues to 
be, yes, it's strategic changes that we are implementing. 
Manjeet Buaria: 
Okay. And Sunil, the RERA reports which you mentioned for the six metros, over the next three 
years, what is the volume or the number of houses which will be delivered as per these reports 
in these six metros, which are your key target market? Do you have any number there, the 
premium houses which are your target audience? 
Sunil Suresh: 
Yes, we have. And it is very, very interesting for you to note that the spurt is actually going to 
start coming from now, and in 2027 and 2028 it's going to peak. So from our collection of data, 
we will have close to 109,000 homes coming into play above the value of Rs. 1.5 crores in 2026. 
That's going to almost 150,000 in 2027 and 163,000 in 2028. Those are the kind of numbers. 
Management: 
Home deliveries. 
Sunil Suresh: 
Home deliveries. Yes, homes expected for delivery. This is something which we have calibrated. 
This is where it is in, for example, in 2025, it was less than 60,000. So technically, the home 
deliveries that are going to come to the market is almost doubling and it's going to start in 2026 
and peak in up to 2028. That's the data we have collected. 
Manjeet Buaria: 
Very helpful. And last question, Sunil, was when we define premium, let's say, a house which is 
more than Rs. 1.5 crores, I am guessing the household income of that family would be probably 
annually about Rs. 30 lakhs or maybe Rs. 40 lakhs, Rs. 30 lakhs maybe. So is that really our 
customer segment? My understanding was we would be catering to sort of a higher segment than 
the Rs. 1.5 crores sort of house value. 
Sunil Suresh: 
You can say that our sofas and more start catering to that. But actually, when you further break 
down, Rs. 1.5 crores to Rs. 5 crores is the, what they call in the residential business, they call 
that as a premium, value premium. Rs. five crores to Rs. 10 crores is where they call it as 
premium. And above Rs. 10 crores is what is considered luxury. So the split currently is almost 
even between all the three, but the trend of what is really selling is a more of premiums. Of 
course, Bombay is a different consideration. Bombay everything is 2x. So do not consider 
Bombay when you look at the six metros. The way the premium and luxury demand is continuing 
to grow. In fact, that's the fastest growing segment if you look into what is happening on either 
JLL report or ANAROCK report or even RERA report. 
Manjeet Buaria: 
Very clear. Sunil, can I just ask one more question, sorry? 
Sunil Suresh: 
Yes, please. 
Manjeet Buaria: 
Okay. Sunil, you mentioned to one of the questions in response that Bangalore cohort of stores, 
which started in 2017, are going through a certain sort of re-shift in a way. Now, my thought 

 
Stanley Lifestyles Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
was typically retail outlets, which once established, go on for about 15, 20 years in the same 
location. So this is like a seven years journey for the stores you mentioned. So why is it 
happening so fast? Because typically what I see is retail, especially large retail formats typically 
stay in the same area for anywhere between at least 12 to 20 years. 
Sunil Suresh: 
I will explain this in a very simple and clear manner so that you can understand. The geographies 
in our cities are very different. For example, if you look at Delhi, there are very clearly two or 
three furniture markets that have emerged. There you can continue to do business for decades 
because they are established as furniture markets. Whereas cities like Bangalore, there is no 
restriction of any ocean or anything and it has been growing all over. 
 
So the old stores, the catchment has completed. So there is a new catchment coming up, so that 
is having a micro market effect. So those are very rapid changes happening in certain cities like 
Bangalore, Hyderabad, where Mumbai and Delhi is, more, I would say, defined, because we 
already have markets that are established. 
 
So I think it's a bit challenging for organized retail play. We have to keep our ears to the ground. 
We have to understand where the fill-up is happening. So we tend to follow RERA to understand 
where the next big inventory for full homes are going to come. So I think this will continue for, 
I would say, for some more time to come, because in the fast-growing cities like Bangalore, 
Hyderabad, even Pune, you have a lot of new micro markets coming. So we have to be a bit 
cautious. 
 
And unfortunately, like I said, there is no clear established marketplace or a high street for 
furniture or a marketplace for furniture. So this is the kind of situation we face. And I think we 
are definitely getting a little more matured in terms of identifying and putting up our larger store 
formats going forward. Hope I have answered you? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sunil Suresh: 
Thank you everyone for joining us today. We remain confident that the strategic investments we 
are making today will lay a strong foundation for sustainable long-term growth. While this space 
reflects calibrated investment and transition, we believe we are approaching an inflection point 
where operating leverage, localization benefits and store maturity will more meaningfully reflect 
in margins. 
 
We sincerely appreciate your continued support and engagement. For the future queries, please 
reach out to our Investor Relations partner Adfactors. Thanking you once again, and we look 
forward to speaking with you on our next quarter results. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
