HDB Financial Services Limited  
HDB House, Tukaram Sandam Marg, 
A - Subhash Road, Vile Parle (E), 
Mumbai – 400057. 
Web: www.hdbfs.com 
Tel: 022 – 4911 6350 
Fax: 022 – 4911 6666 
CIN: L65993GJ2007PLC051028 
Email: investorcommunications@hdbfs.com 
 
Registered Office: Radhika, 2nd Floor, Law Garden Road, Navrangpura, Ahmedabad - 380 009. 
 
 
HDB/SLC/2026/1435 
 
January 20, 2026 
 
 
To, 
Listing Compliance Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400051 
 
Scrip Code: HDBFS  
To, 
Listing Compliance Department  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai -  400001 
 
Scrip Code: 544429 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
In continuation to our letter dated January 14, 2026, we wish to inform you that pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Earnings 
Call with analysts and investors held on January 14, 2026, in relation to the Unaudited Standalone Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 2025, has been made available on 
the website of the Company at the below link: 
 
https://www.hdbfs.com/investors  
 
A copy of the transcript is annexed herewith.  
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For HDB Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Dipti Jayesh Khandelwal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F11340 
 
Encl.: As above 
DIPTI 
KHANDELWAL
Digitally signed by DIPTI KHANDELWAL 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=400002, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
street=MUMBAI, l=MUMBAI, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=182f8564be816cacd3c45db6ee9c88399fc
e6c3c06fb46b298295493da9812ac, 
pseudonym=2492da44b5af493f9cf84eeb015633ab, 
2.5.4.20=390c0f054b2c43e2ef08c3e9c738862674827c1d
c67e3ab466b1ccd9605d00de, 
email=DIPTI.KHANDELWAL@HDBFS.COM, cn=DIPTI 
KHANDELWAL 
Date: 2026.01.20 18:09:11 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
HDB Financial Services Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
For the Earnings Call held on January 14, 2026, 18:30hrs IST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. G RAMESH – MD & CEO 
 
MR. JAYKUMAR SHAH – CFO  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Disclaimer: Certain statements in this release are forward looking in nature, which involve a number of risks, and uncertainties 
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. HDB Financial Services 
Limited (HDBFS) does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or 
on our behalf. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted 
by HDB Financial Services. Please note, this conference call is only for analysts and investors 
and not for media. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jaykumar Shah, CFO of HDB Financial Services. Thank 
you and over to you, Mr. Jaykumar. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thank you so much, Sagar. Good evening to all of you. I welcome you all to the Q3FY26 
earnings call of HDB Financial Services Limited. We have with us our MD and CEO, Mr. G. 
Ramesh, along with myself and the senior management team of the company.  
I hope all of you would have had a chance to produce our financial results, the investor 
presentation and press release which has been filed with the stock exchange earlier this evening 
and also available on our website www.hdbfs.com. 
 
We will start with management remarks and then open up the call for Q&A. The audio recording 
of this call will also be available on our website shortly after the call ends.  
I would now request our MD and CEO, Mr. G. Ramesh, for his opening remarks, following 
which I will provide a brief on the financial results and then answer Q&A. 
G. Ramesh: 
Thank you, Jaykumar and a very good evening to all of you joining in and wish you a Happy 
New Year 2026 and greetings of the harvest festival.  
Briefly on the macros, consumption growth remains strong during the festive season and 
positive for the quarter. Broad-based set of measures in fiscal and monetary policy, supported 
by expected good winter harvest, bodes well for the domestic demand. Real GDP growth showed 
resilience amidst global headwinds, even as inflation stayed benign in the festive season. Global 
uncertainties around geopolitical tensions and trade remain a key monitorable.  
Coming to quarterly business updates  
At an organizational level, our mission is to serve aspirational India and we now have a franchise 
of over 22 million customers and a pan-India network of 1,744 branches spread across 1,165 
towns and cities. 
 
Disbursement for Q3, which is the October to December period, clocked in at an all-time high 
of ₹17,917 crores. It grew by 15% Q-o-Q, led by the Consumer Finance segment followed by 
the asset-backed businesses. Book growth came in at 2.8% in the same period. 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Our yield improved on the back of our efforts at balancing product mix through focused 
origination. NIM for the quarter increased to 8.1%.  
As you may know, there have been a set of notifications on new labour codes that did impact 
our provisions in terms of gratuity and other things, CFO will talk in more detail. So, adjusted 
for that one-time impact which we have taken in Q3, opex continued to be within the expected 
range.  
Our asset quality at stage 1 has improved to 95.22%. Our reported PAT for Q3 grew by 36% Y-
o-Y. Excluding the impact of the new labour code, which is a one-time provision that we made 
in Q3, our PAT grew by 45%, if you look at comparable numbers.  
Coming to segment-wise commentary  
On Enterprise lending: LAP and Enterprise Business Loan which is a variation of our LAP 
product, grew moderately in Q3. Gold loans book grew by 17.8% Q-o-Q.  
Portfolio quality on unsecured business, which we had called out a couple of quarters back, has 
stabilized. As asset quality pressure eases further, we expect to return to a growth trajectory in 
the coming quarters.  
On Asset Finance: CV and CE book showed moderate growth in Q3. Asset quality challenges 
that we had called out in H1 showed signs of improvement in Q3 in the early buckets.  
We anticipate further positive momentum in both the businesses on the back of infrastructure 
push and improving rural economy.  
On Consumer Finance: Book for this segment grew by 17.3% Q-o-Q. This was led by Auto, 
2-wheeler and Consumer Durables. Festive season surge, pent-up demand and market response 
to GST cuts fuelled growth. We expect momentum to continue in the segment going forward. 
 
Jaykumar, would you like to update on the financials? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thank you, Ramesh.  
Moving on to the financial performance for the quarter,  
 
Customer franchise grew to 22 million, which is an increase of 4.8% sequentially and 
19.3% Y-o-Y  
 
The total gross loan book, as on December 31, 2025, stood at ₹ 1,14,577 crores, growing 
2.8% sequentially and 12.2% Y-o-Y. Secured loans of the total amount consisted of 74% 
 
Disbursements for the quarter ended December 31, 2025, for ₹17,917 crores, up 14.9% 
sequentially, an all-time high for the franchise  
 
Branch count stood at 1,744 spread across 1,165 cities and towns 
 
Net interest income for the quarter was ₹2,285 crores, an increase of 4.2% Q-o-Q and 22.1% 
Y-o-Y 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
Net interest margin, NIM, for Q3FY26 improved to 8.09% vs. 7.95% for Q2FY26 and 
7.46% in Q3FY25  
 
 
Moving on to expenses, I’ll just elaborate little bit on the labour code. Effective November 21, 
2025, the Government of India notified the four labour codes – the Code of Wages 2019, 
Industrial Relations Code 2020, the Code of Social Security 2020, and the Occupational Safety, 
Health and Working Conditions Code 2020, collectively referred to as the ‘New Labour Codes’, 
consolidating 29 existing labour laws. The Ministry of Labour and Employment has published 
draft Central Rules and FAQ on December 30, 2025, to facilitate assessment of the financial 
impact arising from these regulatory changes. Under IND-AS 19, which is our accounting 
standards that we follow, changes to Employee Benefit Plans arising from the new labour codes 
constitute plan amendments and they are required to be treated as past service costs and 
recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss. Accordingly, the new labour codes 
have resulted in an estimated increase in provision for Employee Benefit Expenses of ₹60.52 
crores and the same has been recognized under the head Employee Benefit Expenses in the 
quarter and the nine months ended December 31, 2025. The company continues to monitor the 
finalization of Central/State Rules and clarifications from the Government on other aspects of 
the labour code and would provide appropriate accounting treatment on the basis of such 
developments as needed in the coming quarters. 
 
Of the overall impact of ₹61 crores – ₹56 crores pertains to the lending business. The P&L ratios 
that we call out for the lending business, I will be calling them out after excluding this one-time 
impact of ₹56 crores to make sure they are comparable. 
 
 
Cost-to-income ratio for our lending business reduced to 39.5% in Q3FY26 as compared 
to 40.7% in Q2FY26 and 42.5% in Q3FY25. The ratio was 40.9% for the nine months 
ended December 31, 2025 as compared to 42.8% for the nine months ended December 31, 
2024. Cost-to-asset excluding the one-time impact was flat at 3.7% 
 
Pre-Provisioning Operating Profit for the quarter was ₹1,611 crores as against ₹1,502 crores 
for the prior quarter  
 
Credit cost for the quarter was ₹712 crores as compared to ₹748 crores for the prior quarter 
 
Reported profit after tax for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 was ₹644 crores as 
compared to ₹581 crores for the prior quarter. Excluding the one-time impact on account 
of the new labour codes, profit after tax for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 was ₹686 
crores, a growth of 18% Q-o-Q  
 
Gross Stage 3 as at December 31, 2025 was 2.81%, similar to the number that we had as at 
September 30, 2025  
 
Provision for coverage as on December 31, 2025 for Stage 3 stood at 55.59% 
 
RoA (annualized) for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 stood at 2.35% and for the nine 
months was at 2.15%  
 
RoE (annualized) for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 stood at 13.99% 
 
Earnings per share for the quarter was ₹7.8 and book value per share stood at ₹239.0 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
Our borrowing mix remains well diversified with a positive cumulative mismatch across 
all buckets up to five years 
 
We remain well capitalized with a total capital adequacy of 21.81% as at December 31, 
2025. 
 
This ends my detailed update on the financials. We now request Sagar to open up the queue for 
questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our first question comes from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Good evening, sir. Thank you for taking my questions. So just two things. First thing is during 
your opening remarks, you spoke about weakness in CV and CE that we have been seeing for 
the last few quarters getting better in the second half. So if you could just elaborate on that and 
also the fact that MSME was showing us some pain, the unsecured MSME in particular. So 
where is it trending now? Because I see that the enterprise segment is still kind of trending a 
little weak.  
And then the second question I had was on Vehicle Finance. I see that Asset Finance 
disbursements have grown by about 4% Y-o-Y. So if you could just split this up into what was 
the volume and the value growth? 
 
And lastly, now that the festive season and the GST cuts are behind, if you could just help us 
understand which segments have seen the demand momentum continue in December and 
January? And which all segments are you seeing that the demand has already started tapering 
off? Basically, whatever pent-up demand or bump in the demand that we saw after the GST rate 
cut. Those were the few questions I had. Thank you. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
I'll try and address them, Abhijit. So first one being weakness in CV and CE. So this was 
something that Ramesh mentioned at the beginning. That is something we called out in Q1 and 
Q2. And we had mentioned that we expect it to stabilize in the current quarter, which is Q3 and 
we have actually seen that. So it's a part of two stages, kind of two stories. One is on the 90+, 
where we have seen it stabilize. There is some more work to be done, where we bring that down 
further. And that's one of the reasons why you see the Gross Stage 3 at 2.8%. What has been 
very positive in the current quarter is that we have managed to pull back from the delinquent 
book into Stage 1, and our 0 DPDs across all products actually inching up in a good way. So 
that's been the positive side for us. 
 
With the unsecured SME pain that was there for the last five to six quarters, if I can put it that 
way, that has clearly started easing off. The book, as you would have seen in the investor deck, 
has actually reduced slightly by almost 1%. But there, the health of the book has actually 
improved. So we're seeing it very positively. We need to start pushing hard into that space and 
growing from here on. It will take some time as we've taken five – six quarters to really make 
sure a lot of things fall in place. In a couple of quarters, we should see growth come back on 
that.  
In terms of vehicle financing value vs average ticket size, as you put it, there has been a slight 
reduction in the ticket size of approximately 5%, if I can put it that way. And the balance has 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 6 of 17 
 
really been growth on the business front. And October especially, if I could call out in specific 
as the festive season, really covered up for a lot of September gaps and then it has been positive 
since. So we expect that to range in the positive territory and grow from here on. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Viral Shah from IIFL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I have two questions. One is on the growth front, if you 
can help us understand, while I think disbursement growth has started showing signs of pickup, 
of course, festive season, some bit of offset on the ticket size front, but book growth is still, I 
would say, a bit softer. So what could be the horizon over which we intend to kind of reach, say, 
an 18% to 20% kind of book growth or medium term target, which is there?  
And the second question is with regards to the opex. What is the, I would say, the BAU impact 
of the labour code? I understand there is a one-time impact of the historical provisioning. But on 
a BAU basis, what would be the kind of impact of it? Is it material at all? Those are my two 
questions. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So on the disbursement to book, the way I would look at it, Viral, is that look at it in the context 
of how we've grown, right? So we've actually grown 15% Q-o-Q on disbursements, and that's 
the most positive thing. On the book, the way it ranges is as you've seen, we've held on to our 
yields. And as we've held on to our yields in certain businesses, prepayments also happen. Plus, 
the whole pullback that we've done in terms of recoveries, which has been very positive on the 
stage 2 book, right, or the stage 1+ book, that has also gone into this calculation. So the way I 
look at it is we're fairly confident in terms of how we'd grow from here on. 
In terms of 18% to 20%, the way we've always looked at it, Viral, is the nominal GDP plus 6 to 
7. And overall, the thought process does not change. We believe growth will start kicking in 
from here on, and it should be in more positive range from where we stand today. Second one… 
Viral Shah: 
Just on this follow up on the growth piece that you mentioned on the nominal front, do you think 
with the competitive intensity likely to increase with many players receiving growth, a 
significant growth funding in the form of equity, does that change any of this, the competitive 
scenario on the growth front as well? From a medium term perspective? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
I don't think so. At this point in time, we believe the market is there for us to grow for the next 
coming 3 to 5 years for sure, if not the next 10 to 15 years. On your second question on opex 
and BAU impact of the labour code, the way I would see is that, as I mentioned, it's a developing 
area. From what we were aware of based on the draft rules, what information we've had, we've 
taken a provision as of now. Let this space develop over the coming months. And let us get 
finality. Then it would be better for us to comment on this. 
Viral Shah: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thank you. 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak. Please 
go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
I was just looking at your cost of borrowings, and that's almost flat on a sequential basis. So if 
you could give some colour in terms of where are we placed in terms of repricing or do we 
expect this kind of ratio to remain at these levels going forward? And in that backdrop, how do 
we really think about margins? I know you commented on the competition part, but maybe if 
you could give some colour in terms of how do you expect the near-term product mix to sort of 
change your yields and trajectory on cost of borrowings? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Yeah. So let me address the cost of borrowings first, Nischint. On the cost of borrowings side, 
as I had mentioned, I think in the last call, we were largely done with maximum of the repricing. 
What we have looked at is I think the cost of borrowing is reduced by 2 to 3 bps approximately 
on the whole. And what we've been continuously doing is making sure we look at the right 
products within the basket, whether it is NCDs, whether it is term loans, to make sure we borrow 
on a product that we are able to sustain the current borrowing cost. The way we look at it is we 
believe that the current borrowing cost should sustain at least for the coming few quarters. 
Obviously, there's a lot more at play outside of HDB, which affects the overall bond yields and 
the market. So we'll have to watch that space closely. But for the coming at least couple of 
quarters, we expect to be in that range. And if opportunities lend or opportunities come our way, 
then we should be able to improve it by a few bps as well.  
On the yield side, as I had mentioned in the last call, we expect the NIM to range generally in 
the 7.9 to 8. It is 8.09 currently. As we go into Q4 and the overall markets are there, there is 
pressure obviously on yields across products. We've done well as a business to hold on to our 
yields. We expect again that to be range bound at least for the coming few quarters in the range 
of 5 to 10 bps, not a lot more variance from there. So we should be able to hold on to our NIMs 
in the region of 8 as we had mentioned. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. And anything to read in the decline in gross stage 2 loans? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
As I said, it was positive. It's been good recovery, be it Enterprise Lending, be it Asset Finance, 
be it Consumer Finance. I think across the board, the strategies that the teams put in have started 
to show. I wouldn't say hope would be the wrong word. I think it's the confidence that the teams 
are driving into the market of going and doing positive recoveries and making sure the flow 
forward is reduced. The key for our business really in retail is to make sure flow forward is 
reduced. And that's been the key focus of how we are going about things. So that's a big positive 
for how we look at the business and plan for the future. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Thank you. Those were my questions, and all the best. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Piran Engineer: 
Yes, sorry. I had logged out of the queue. My questions have been answered. Thank you. 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Shreya Shivani from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yeah, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. First is a follow up on the 
reduction in ticket size in the vehicle book that you spoke about of about 5%. So I just want to 
understand some reduction would be there because the GST cut and the price of the vehicle is 
lesser, so the loan size is lesser, etc. But have you seen de-premiumisation of cars? So in a sense 
that after GST cut, have you seen more sales of the entry level cars versus what was happening 
earlier? Or any other colour around what has happened in the sales of the car segment?  
And my second is on the net slippages. So the trend, past two quarters were elevated. The trend 
is quite a significant improvement in this quarter. But whatever is still slipping, I think, would it 
be majority CV/CE/MSME? Is there some colour you give around what book continues to slip 
at a slightly elevated rate versus the company average? 
G. Ramesh: 
Right. Shreya, so when you look at the entire GST and look at our business, there are primarily 
two areas where the GST cut has had a significant impact. One is the auto loans business and 
second is the 2-wheeler loans business. Construction equipment is always at 18% GST, mobile 
phones and entry level consumer durables are always at 18% GST. High-end televisions, which 
were at a higher GST rate, have come down to 18%.  
So the bulk of our business really has had no impact on because GST rate cut, other than the fact 
that it's driven positive sentiment in the market. So within 2-wheelers and auto loans, we have 
seen about a 5% reduction in our average ticket size because the vehicle prices itself have come 
down. Also, I think a couple of manufacturers have cut prices of some of the entry level vehicles 
that they're selling as a festive offer. So that's also driven sales in the entry level segments. So I 
won't call it de-premiumisation, which would suggest that a customer could afford to buy 
something more and has actually bought something cheaper. In fact, we are running a campaign 
called “Do Se Bhale Chaar” – basically to say that, why buy a 2-wheeler when you can buy a 
car? In fact, some of the cars are priced at the same level as seven years ago in some of the entry 
level segments. So I think it's a lot more customers who have now found that the product is 
affordable. There's no de-premiumisation in our view. In fact, in consumer durable segment, 
where other than high-end televisions, there's no impact of GST, we're not seeing a reduction in 
ticket size. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
On the net slippages, Shreya, you're right. A large part of it has just been in the CV/CE segment. 
Outside of that, slippages have come down. And that's very positive, as I mentioned. We should 
hopefully see slippages in these two products also start to become lower. 
Shreya Shivani: 
So just to follow up on the CV/CE, there was some cyclones down south. Do these events have 
some lagging/ have some problems or do they create some issues for you all? 
G. Ramesh: 
So typically, Q2 as a season is slow because of monsoon. So deployment of assets comes down. 
So let's say a vehicle runs 200 kilometres a day for 20 days. During monsoon, that number might 
come down about 150, 160, because vehicles run slower when it's raining a lot. But specific 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 9 of 17 
 
events, specifically, I don't think there's been any impact of cyclone in the south that we can 
attribute to our portfolio. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Sure. Thank you. This is very useful. All the best. Thank you. 
G. Ramesh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Prithviraj Patil from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Prithviraj Patil: 
So I had two questions. So the first one was on the strong fee income growth that we've seen on 
the book. So if you could just throw some clarity on why that has happened. And then the second 
is that the branch count has reduced Q-o-Q. So will this impact growth going forward or how 
are we looking at that? Thanks. 
G. Ramesh: 
Yeah. So fee income is primarily driven by the product mix and with the 15% disbursement 
growth and the product mix, there's been an increase in fee income. So in terms of branch count, 
there are branches that we will sort of review at the end of some time to see whether they are 
viable, whether they met their milestones that we set out for them. So there'll be branches that 
we relocate. So given that, given the nature of our business and given our processes, it's quite, 
we can take these decisions quite quickly. So if a branch is not doing well, we can shut it and 
move on, or we relocate the branch. There are also cases where we increase the branch sizes, 
right, based on the business volume, which really don't come in the numbers count. 
 
What I think essentially on making sure that we are servicing a large part of the country. So in 
terms of the pin code coverage, how many pin codes are we covering effectively? Can we cover 
the branches or a larger geography around the branch effectively without, you know, without 
compromising our credit policies. So, you know, don't read too much into the number of 
branches per se, it will always be here 5 or 10. There'll be some small branches that we started 
off a year ago, hasn't met the milestone, either we're not comfortable with the credit quality of 
the market, or we overestimated the potential of the market, or, you know, factors are not exactly 
supporting growth. We would just relocate the branch and, you know, focus our efforts on 
branches that are doing well. 
Prithviraj Patil: 
Thank you. Just a follow up question, if you could give clarity on the ARC transaction as well, 
if you can tell what book have we sold off to the ARCs? And do we see any incremental sell off 
happening to ARCs in the coming quarters? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Yeah, so what we do generally is we only look at, you know, very dated write off portfolios, 
right? Where, say, let's take an example where you have very small, smaller ticket, relatively 
smaller ticket LAP book or CD book, where our ability or the cost that we would potentially 
incur to recover that money over a long period of time is X, and we believe today, you know, 
what we would recover is what we can get back in cash from the ARC transaction, we look at 
that as a value transaction, and we go and complete that. And that's exactly what we've done, 
you know, for a small piece of the NPA portfolio that you've seen in the disclosure. You know, 
that is what we've done. So it's a small piece, we always look at, you know, cost benefit analysis 
and everything that we do, to make sure we free up resources for better deployment in future. 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Prithviraj Patil: 
Sure, thanks. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Bhaskar Basu from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Bhaskar Basu: 
Yes, good evening. I had a couple of questions. Firstly, on the vehicle side. So this 4% 
disbursement growth, if you can kind of give some colour around how much was the drag from 
a price deflation there. And secondly, when I look at the book, CV new seems to have grown 
sequentially by about 4%, while used CVs actually shrunk on a sequential basis. So is there 
anything playing out there? These are the two questions on the CV side. 
And my last question is basically on the Business Loan front, where so far you've tightened 
filters, and how far are you when you think you can start pushing growth again? That's all from 
my side. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So, Bhaskar, I'll cover it and if I missed something, I think there's a little bit of crack in the 
beginning. So I'll cover the questions. And if I miss something, please jump in. So, on the CV 
side, as you would have, you know, observed the whole market-wide, I think the reason why 
new is higher this quarter is primarily on account of the whole festive season, right? Festive sales 
were absolutely bumper. And I think that just took off completely on CV new. Obviously, in the 
festive CV used was a less sought after product, if I can put it that way. And plus, even the 
pricing clarity wasn't there for almost, you know, a couple of weeks or a month in the beginning. 
So I think that's the primary reason. Our overall objective over a period of time that we've quoted 
in the public domain that we would like to be more, you know, pushing towards ‘used’ to get to 
a 50-50 over the next 3 to 4 years does not change. In a particular quarter like this, or you know, 
when you look at March and generally, there's more of new sales push that comes. So, that's how 
I look at it. If you look at it on a 9-month level, it's more balanced. On a quarter wise, of course, 
as you rightly put, CV new has grown and CV used is slightly lower, but nothing more to read 
beyond the festive and the GST and you know, clarity on pricing, etc. That's on CV. 
On the Business Loan front, I think if you ask me on the credit side of it, quality, i.e. book health, 
I think they're good. The way we read into this is now we've got to push hard on the current 
parameters and grow our book. And that's something we're very focused on. But as we push in 
the same way across the country, it will take a couple of quarters in terms of moving that into 
positive territory and getting into growth. Obviously, there's a runoff that happens on the current 
book. As we push the new book in, the trend to reverse might take some time. But, you know, 
in terms of wanting to push and intent and credit being there available for us, all of those are 
there. 
Bhaskar Basu: 
Okay. Just two follow ups there. One was a question which I'd asked actually, on the 
disbursement side in CVs. How much was the drag from price deflation? Like you reported 
about 4% disbursement growth. Had it not been for the price, what would this be? Just a ballpark 
kind of sense. And secondly, just on the Business Loan, at this point of time, at a broader industry 
level, are you seeing unsecured business loan stress starting to kind of abate or stabilize, which 
will give you comfort to push the growth again? 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Jaykumar Shah: 
I'll answer the second one first. Let me wait for the next 1 month to see how/what everybody 
says. I think it won't be fair on my part to comment on the whole industry. I haven't seen 
everybody's numbers. 
Bhaskar Basu: 
Okay, okay. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
On the price deflation side, I think it'd be fair to say it has been, you know, fairly small at this 
point in time for the quarter. We'll see how that goes. Yeah. 
Bhaskar Basu: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. That's all from my side. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Raghav from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Raghav: 
Sir, hi. Good evening and thanks for the opportunity. I have two questions. One, on your cost of 
borrowings. So given the INR depreciation that has happened, and I think your exposure to ECBs 
is about 11%. Did you see your cost of foreign borrowing go up during this quarter? Because 
despite the rate cuts coming through even in 3Q, the calculated cost of funds hasn't moved really. 
So that's my first question. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So on cost of borrowing, our entire ECB book is fully hedged. So there is zero impact. We treat 
it as a fixed product kind of a thing. As I mentioned earlier, there has been a slight reduction of 
a few bps. There are certain borrowings that obviously come in at current pricing or slightly 
higher as well. I'm sure all of you are very clued on to the market where rates have also hardened. 
While there was a rate cut which happened in December, that hasn't really translated much into 
lower cost of borrowing in most instances. In fact, the bond yields have only hardened at this 
point in time. That said, we continuously look at our entire borrowing book and work closely 
with all our partners to make sure it is the right base and the right pricing on a monthly basis. 
Raghav: 
Okay. So, you know, even at the margin, the foreign borrowing –  the cost of foreign borrowing 
remains attractive versus say the domestic borrowing. Is that a fair assumption or not? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So, if you ask me as at yesterday, there's a large newspaper article that got printed. Whoever has 
got money in 7.28, obviously it's attractive. But outside of that window that the RBI gave, it's a 
little pricey from at least the way we look at it at this point in time. 
Raghav: 
Thank you. My second question is on the CV Finance business. I see that your disbursement 
growth in this business is about 4%. I'm assuming that's after the 5% decline in average value of 
the Vehicle Finance. But when I look at the volume growth for the industry, right, commercial 
vehicle retail sales have been up 17% during the quarter. If I adjust that number by the same 
factor, say 5%-6% decline in value, I am assuming that the disbursement growth for the CV 
industry would have been, for all financers collectively, would have been higher than the 4% for 
you? So is that the correct way to look at your disbursement number and is that comparison 
correct? I'm just trying to understand the comparative intensity in the Commercial Vehicle 
finance segment. So your thoughts will be useful here. 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Yeah. So again, just making sure we're both on the same page. You're seeing the book number 
grow. Book obviously has a much larger base to it, right, Raghav? Our disbursements grew at a 
much faster pace, right, Q-o-Q. In fact, it's one of the higher ends of growth in terms of double-
digit percentage. That effect coming onto the book is obviously comes over a period of time, 
because to give you an example, if you were to disburse a number of 3,000, right, on a book of 
30,000, that impact is 10% of that, right. So I don't think both the statements that you made are 
directly correlated. Obviously, there is a piece that comes through with disbursement growth, 
book will grow. In terms of the industry, I believe we're pretty much in there. There are certain 
segments that we may not have operated in more because we don't feel it drives value for us 
from a yield perspective. But outside of that, I think we're fairly in the zone with the larger 
industry. 
Raghav: 
No, so I think my question was on the disbursement growth itself, which is, I think, 4% Y-o-Y. 
And then even when I look at it on a Q-o-Q basis, that's I think 15%, but let me take this question 
from you offline.  
Jaykumar Shah: 
Sure. 
Raghav: 
And can I ask one more question? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Sure. 
Raghav: 
So just your thoughts, some qualitative commentary on the asset quality in CV Finance segment. 
What are you seeing in terms of customers’ ability to repay, fleet utilization, maybe if you can 
share some numbers around collection efficiencies on the CV portfolio, that'll be very helpful? 
That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thanks, Raghav. So I'll give you a broader statement. We don't put out specific product-wise 
numbers. But on the broader side, as I mentioned at the beginning there are two sides to it for 
us. One is the 90+/120+ book, which has remained in that similar zone and needs to be brought 
down. Second is the 90 minus if I can put it or the 1-90 book, where the efforts that were taken 
during the quarter, we were able to recover well. And second we've improved our 0 DPD by 
making sure delinquencies also reduce in the first instance. So the X bucket has helped. Overall, 
if I were to look at collection efficiencies or slippages, slippages have reduced a little bit from 
Q2 to Q3. They stay at slightly elevated levels, which is where we want to really curb it down. 
So recoveries have improved. We believe as we go through the coming quarter and the next two 
quarters, we should be in a position to bring the book even more healthier from where it stands 
today, more towards a Q1 or a Q4 past, in terms of that line. That's at least the aim that we're 
working towards. 
Raghav: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Hi, thanks. So a couple of questions. The first one on your comment around margins, that it's 
around 8.1% towards the higher end of your sort of guidance and you are preferring margin. 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Does that mean over the coming quarters, I mean this sort of margin will lead to a subpar or 
relatively lower growth than what you would have otherwise kind of thought like 18% - 20% 
range. Will this focus on margin leading to sort of a – margin-growth conundrum, you being on 
the lower side in growth? That's one.  
And second, if sort of we were to look maybe for next financial year, given where the sort of 
your margins are probably topping already of the guided range, what sort of the improvement in 
credit cost depending upon the current rates you're seeing, that will help the RoA. I mean, 
because on the margin side, there's very little lever left. So what kind of a credit cost 
improvement do you expect in the next year? Thanks. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thanks, Avinash. So two things. I don't think the margin piece impacts growth directly. Sorry, 
it does impact, but it doesn't in the sense that we believe we're in the right zone as far as our 
product mix goes. Plus, if you observe an important factor and thank you for the question, our 
secured book has actually gone up 50 bps from last quarter itself and almost 90 bps plus in the 
last two quarters. As the unsecured comes back, which is what we're focusing on, which is two 
segments for us, which is Relationship Personal Loans and the unsecured Business Loans. We 
believe that will also help us on the top line. That's one. Now, if that consistently comes through 
and rates remain as they are and they don't harden, we should be able to operate at a healthier 
margin. That's one.  
Secondly, in terms of helping on the RoA, you're right. With a stable book, our cost to income 
also we have managed it in a manner, sorry managed would be the wrong word, we've actually 
made sure we've taken efforts for it to come into the right zone of less than 40%. As the book 
grows, we should be able to pull back from a 3.7% to a slightly lower. Second important factor 
is the credit cost. Today, it is at around 2.5% and the endeavour is to move it towards what we 
had in the prior quarters and shave off some of a few bps from there. We'll see as we go along.  
The one thing I would want to leave with everybody that we're very committed to bringing that 
down and rather than give a number in specific, the focus is really to see how much can we do 
over the next coming quarters, which can stay in a consistent manner. 
Avinash Singh: 
Yes. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. Hi, thanks for taking the question. So, a couple of ones. So, in terms of the average ticket 
size, when we look at it, in fact it's still going up compared to where we were in 2Q, particularly 
on Autos as well as 2-wheelers. So, maybe from 433, it's going up by a percent and 2-wheelers 
is going up by almost like 3%, 4% compared to where we were in 2Q. So, this is despite maybe 
the price cuts, which would have been there because of GST. So, how should we look at it? 
Maybe is it like a premiumisation or focus on a higher ticket vehicle, which is leading to a higher 
ATS? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
The way I would look at it, Kunal, is I mean, it's a small number just now. The GST cuts have 
come through, there has been fairly very good volumes that have happened during the festive on 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 14 of 17 
 
the two wheeler side. I think that's an important one. And you've got to look at it in that 
perspective. Second is, if you look at our new business, as I mentioned earlier because of the 
festive actually grew more and whenever the new grows more, naturally you will have a higher 
ATS. 
Kunal Shah: 
ATS is on account of new. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Yes. 
Kunal Shah: 
Got it. And fair to assume that on the commercial vehicle side, there wouldn't have been an 
impact of GST even on the disbursement side in terms of the – maybe the price cuts or maybe 
the overall, it's purely the volume linked which would be there on the commercial side? 
G. Ramesh: 
Yes, that's right. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And just on overall credit costs. So maybe just in the prior question you indicate 
that you would want to shave it off, say a few basis points. But ideally, when we look at it this 
kind of a trend both on the Commercial Vehicle as well as on the MSME stabilizing, when 
should we ideally see it coming off and getting to maybe a steady state level? Would it be like 
another two, three quarters from here on or would it take slightly longer? How should we look 
at it? Obviously, there has been an improvement during the quarter. But in terms of the trajectory, 
should we see something similar for another two/three quarters or it stabilizes over here now? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
The way we would want to look at it Kunal is that it stabilizes and improves quarter-on-quarter. 
Let's see, depending on the overall macro and the markets, how much can we improve on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
See, the longer term, we'd like to operate, at least 10 to 15 bps or at least 20 bps lower than where 
we are today. Overall, that is where we would want to operate in the longer term. And in the 
medium term, try and get there faster than slower. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay, got it. Perfect. That helps. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay from NBIE. Please go ahead. 
Jay: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, I have a question on term loans. 
Could you specify the split between EBLR and MCLR borrowing? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So we have a very small book on MCLR. Most of our bank borrowing on term loans is all EBLR 
based. 
Jay: 
Okay. And what would be the share of HDFC Bank on term loans? Are we getting any support 
from the HDFC Bank on this side? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
We borrow from HDFC Bank like any other large bank. We borrow 100% on, deeply scrutinized 
related party terms. There is absolutely no preference on either sides. That's the way I would put 
it. So it's very commercial terms. And it's not that, HDFC Bank puts in a lot more or a lot less. 
It's very, very transparent in the market that we operate. 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Jay: 
Okay. Thank you. And so as we, as highlighted by the participants previously, could you just 
throw some light on how are the collections going on the CV side? Are you, are you seeing any 
green shoots there or is the pain still continues? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So I think Jay, I covered that already, happy to catch up later. Thanks. 
Jay: 
Yeah. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Sucrit D. Patil from Eyesight Fintrade 
Pvt Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Sucrit D. Patil: 
Yeah. I have two questions. My first question is to Mr. Ramesh. As India's NBFC sector evolves 
with rising retail credit demand, Fintech partnerships and regulatory oversight, what structural 
shifts do you see shaping the company's competition over the next 2 to 3 years? Specifically, 
how are you preparing to differentiate beyond balance sheet growth, whether through digital 
first lending or customer lifecycle management or any risk analytics? Yes, I would like to hear 
a view on this? This is my first question. I'll ask my second question after this. 
G. Ramesh: 
Okay. So, glad you asked me that question. I've been in the consumer lending industry for about 
30 years now, which is pretty much the age of the consumer lending industry in India. I've 
worked in the consumer lending industry when there were no credit bureaus. So, in this industry, 
technology change is a given. It is not a one-off event. So that's something that we invest for 
continuously. So there's no end game as far as technology is concerned because technology itself 
is a moving train, right? And that's something that we need to adapt to on a continuous basis. 
We need to adapt to customer requirements on a continuous basis. And we need to adapt to our 
own business model on a continuous basis.  
I think our business philosophy has been to address aspirational India, which is a very clear 
segment that we identified as a growth driver for India and for our business. And our company 
has been focused on understanding what is it that this customer needs through his or her 
lifecycle? And how do we address those needs effectively? So, which is why, over the last 15 
years, we have, you know, developed a large product suite which addresses any need that the 
customer may have. And that's our whole product development philosophy is that how do we 
deliver customer needs profitably? So we don't have a hero product in the company which says 
that, oh, this will acquire the customer and then try to sell another product. For us, a customer 
irrespective of the product he or she comes through is a hero. 
 
We try and understand what is it that we can do effectively through their lifecycle in terms of 
their own aspirations as individuals and as businesses, and how can we service that requirement 
effectively.  
So whether it's investment in our processes, people, training, technology, or our mindset, it's an 
ongoing and continuous investment is how we think of our business. Your second question? 
Sucrit D. Patil: 
Yeah, my second question is to Mr. Shah. Given the pressure from rising funding costs and the 
needs to invest in more tech-related platforms, how are you balancing near-term margin 
protection with longer-term investment that could structurally expand the profit ceiling? Are 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 16 of 17 
 
there specific levers like liability-mix optimization or operating efficiency or any particular fee-
based kind of service that you see as margins expand beyond FY26? Thank you. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
So let me give you my thoughts on this. I think the most important question that you asked me 
that one, which is on the investment front, investing in technology. So the thought process that 
Ramesh has had right from day one is that is a necessity. Over the years, that is one area where 
while we obviously look at pricing everything that we acquire and spend very reasonably, if I 
can use that word reasonably, there has never been a question mark if our CTO comes along and 
says, this is what we need to invest for future growth. I think we have not even stopped during 
COVID. So that is one area we will absolutely continue to invest in. Whatever it takes, we will 
make sure we will carve out for the business to grow. It is our lifeline and we will continue to 
do that.  
That said, across the company, the culture is extremely strong in how cost-conscious we are. 
The concept of an IRR on an investment is almost fed into every single person who comes along 
with and ask for an investment. So we're very blessed in that fashion that the thought process 
right from bottom up is very positive on that front, that's how I would look at it. 
Sucrit D. Patil: 
I think that's good guidance from your part and I wish the entire team best of luck for next 
quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Chintan Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So just one question on this new labour code. So I 
understand that the 61 impact is largely due to the retrospective impact. But going ahead, we see 
any recurring costs, employee costs, or will that… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Chintan sir, your audio is modulated and it's not coming properly. If you can 
just use a handset if you're using a speaker mode. 
Chintan Shah: 
So is it better now? 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Yes, Chintan, I think I got your question. Let me try and address it and you can jump in again in 
case if I missed something. So the question was, do we expect something more to come out on 
the labour code? Right, honestly, as I mentioned, I think that was a question that Viral asked at 
the beginning, if I'm not mistaken. It is a developing space today, within the finance community. 
The understanding that we've had along with the guidance we've received, we've taken that 
ahead. Let's see how it develops over the next coming months. And then we can talk about it 
more at the end of the year in terms of what the numbers are. 
Chintan Shah: 
Got it, got it. Yeah, that's it from my side. Thank you.  
G. Ramesh: 
I think just having said that, to the extent that we have clarifications, it's been fully provided for. 
To the extent that we have clarification on the labour codes. So we've not done a partial 
provision. To the extent that we have actuarial valuations and whatever, it's been fully provided 
for – it is ₹61 crores at this point of time, yeah 

 
 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 14, 2026 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next follow-up question comes from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Sorry, Abhijit, we can't hear you. Sorry, Sagar, I don't think we can hear Abhijit. 
Moderator: 
Due to the end of the allotted time, we would take that as a last question. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Jaykumar Shah for closing comments. 
Jaykumar Shah: 
Thank you, Sagar. Thank you very much, everybody, for your time and patience. It's been a 
pleasure talking to all of you. Wishing you all a very happy festive season as Ramesh wished in 
the beginning. Have a good evening. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HDB Financial Services, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been lightly edited for clarity and accuracy 
