 
Date: February 20, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 544258; Scrip Symbol: WCIL 
ISIN: INE0CJF01024 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call held with Investors with reference to 
discussion on the Operational and Financial Performance of the Company for the quarter and 
nine months ended December 31, 2025. 
 
In furtherance to our earlier communication dated February 09, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed the transcript in respect to the Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, February 16, 
2026 at 01:00 PM (IST), with regard to the discussion on the Operational and Financial Performance 
of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025. 
 
The said transcript is also hosted on the Company's website at www.western-carriers.com 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Western Carriers (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
Name: Sapna Kochar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Mem. No.: A56298 
Place: Kolkata, West Bengal 
 
Enclosed: As above  
 
 
SAPNA 
KOCHAR
Digitally signed by 
SAPNA KOCHAR 
Date: 2026.02.20 
19:45:30 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Western Carriers (India) Limited  
Q3 FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 16, 2026 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KANISHKA SETHIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR – WESTERN CARRIERS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ARYAN SUMRA -- MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Western Carriers (India) Limited Q3 FY ‘26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by MUFG Intime India Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aryan Sumra from MUFG Intime India Private Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you.  
Aryan Sumra: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the Q3 and nine months FY ‘26 
Earnings Conference Call for Western Carriers (India) Limited. To discuss this call's business 
performance, we have from the management, Mr. Kanishka Sethia, CEO, CFO, and Whole-
Time Director.  
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking and may involve risks and uncertainties. For more details, 
kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filings that can be found on the company's 
website and on the stock exchanges.  
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks, and then we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, Kanishka sir.  
Kanishka Sethia  
Thank you, Aryan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the Q3 earnings 
call of Western Carriers (India) Limited. It's a pleasure to me to be joined by my colleagues 
Ashish, Sapna, and Surya. We truly appreciate your time and continued interest in our journey. 
Over the course of this call, I will walk you through key developments and financial and 
operational performances for the quarter, and before opening the floor for questions. 
I would like to begin with a small global snapshot, which I think is very important. What I will 
do is while we talk about global and India, I will interject with, our company-specific 
information and how it relates to the whole matter. So let's begin with the big picture, the global 
economy in 2026.  
According to the latest forecast from IMF, world growth is holding steady at around 3.3% this 
year, with a slight dip to 3.2% expected in the next. Inflation is cooling all across most advanced 
economies, thanks to coordinated monetary policy efforts, but it's returning to target levels more 
gradually in places like the US.  
Advanced economies are chugging along at a modest one and a half to 2% pace, while the 
emerging markets, powered by tech investments, fiscal support, and private sector, are providing 
the real engine of growth, averaging about 4%. The World Bank echoes this cautious optimism, 
projecting global expansion to 2.6% for 2026, with resilience amid trade tensions but downside 
risks from potential inflation surprises.  
Of course, this global backdrop isn't without its risks. Escalating trade frictions, geopolitical 
hotspots, and a re-evaluation of tech expectations could tilt things downward. On the flip side, 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
policy makers are focused on building fiscal buffers, maintaining price stability, and pushing 
structural reforms forward.  
Now zooming into our own industry, the global logistics outlook for 2026 and beyond. We are 
witnessing profound transformation as an industry, driven by increasing supply chain 
complexities, rapid adoption of AI and digital platforms, and a heightened focus on 
sustainability. The 4PL market, which is all about orchestrating end-to-end networks rather than 
just moving goods, is booming.  
According to Precedence Research, current estimates peg the global 4PL market at around 
USD75 to USD82 billion, with projections showing it climbing to about USD130 to USD150 
billion over the next decade. This means a growing CAGR of 7% to 8% from here onwards for 
the next decade.  
What's fueling this is rising e-commerce penetration demands, which is demanding seamless 
multi-provider execution and real-time data integration. There is a major push for green logistics 
to meet emission targets, and the need for resilient networks in a world prone to disruptions. 
North America and Europe still dominate adoption, but Asia Pacific is exploding, thanks to 
manufacturing hubs and digital commerce growth.  
Overall, the broader logistics outsourcing market is a massive 1.4 trillion in 2026, and expected 
to reach 2.2 trillion in the next decade. Technology, like in every other industry, is a game 
changer here. AI for predictive analytics, machine learning for route optimization, cloud 
platforms for visibility, control towers that integrate everything. these are all norms now. 
Sustainability is a differentiator, with companies prioritizing low-carbon solutions to meet global 
and customer demands. 
The global shift towards strategic, integrated supply chain orchestration is creating enormous 
opportunities in our country and abroad. Businesses aren't looking for siloed services anymore; 
they want partners who can manage these complexibilities, mitigate these risks, and deliver 
efficiently across borders. That's exactly where 4PL providers like us come forward. We 
coordinate multiple carriers, optimizing multiple networks, and leveraging data to drive decision 
making, better decision making. 
India continues to stand out as a beacon of growth in an otherwise uneven world. Projections for 
India's real GDP are strong, forecasts ranging from 6.5% 7.5%, supported by robust domestic 
consumption, steady investment inflows, and ongoing policy reforms. IMF sees us at 7.3% for 
the fiscal, while Moody projects us at 6.4% for fiscal '27, placing us among the fastest growing 
G20 economies in the world, driven by strong consumer demand and a very stable banking 
system.  
Goldman Sachs has upgraded its views to 6.9%, factoring in recent trade developments, which 
I will touch on shortly. Structurally, India has powerful advantages, a young skilled workforce, 
massive infrastructural expansion, accelerating digital adoption, and reforms that are making it 
easier to do business. Inflation is easing towards the Reserve Bank of India target, creating a 
supportive monetary environment even as the global uncertainties persist.  

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
The Indian logistics sector is riding this economic wave and evolving very rapidly. Market 
estimates project the overall freight and logistics industry to reach between USD380 to USD450 
billion by '26-'27, growing at a CAGR of anywhere from 8% to 10%, fueled by e-commerce, 
industrial freight, and export growth.  
Government initiatives are actually supercharging this. The PM Gati Shakti for multimodal 
integration, the National Logistics Policy for efficiency gains, and platforms like the ULIP for 
real-time visibility and transparency are game changers. These efforts are already improving 
India's global logistics performance. We've climbed rankings and are on track to reduce our cost 
from the current 13%-14% towards single-digit benchmarks.  
Last mile delivery is a huge frontier with customer expectations from speed and affordability 
driving innovation at breakneck speed. Technology is transforming our operations. AI is being 
used for tools like demand forecasting, predictive maintenance, route optimization, blockchain 
for secure tracking, and sustainable practices like electric fleet and green warehouses are 
becoming more and more standard.  
What really excites me are the industry tailwinds now and growth opportunities from major 
recent developments. First, the landmark India-EU Free Trade Agreement, which concluded just 
weeks ago and is being dubbed as what people say the 'mother of all deals'. This pact covers 
nearly all tariff lines, eliminating or reducing duties on close to 97% of EU goods exports to 
India and almost 99% plus of Indian goods to the EU. It's set to double EU exports to India by 
2032, boosting bilateral trade volumes dramatically. 
For key Indian sectors like textiles, chemicals, engineering goods, pharma, leather, gems and 
jewellery, marine products, it means super sharp competitiveness in Europe through simplified 
customs and better market access. For logistics providers like us who have a large share in the 
EXIM trade, this translates to surging container volumes, more balanced trade flows, smoother 
cross-border processes, and heightened demand for end-to-end logistics.  
We'll see increased multimodal coordination, compliance management, and efficient freight 
execution along the India-EU corridor, opportunities that integrated 4PL players like us are 
perfectly positioned to capture. Similarly, the recent India-US interim trade deal announced, 
again just a few weeks ago, is another major boost.  
Under this framework, the US tariff on Indian goods have been reduced to 18%, down from the 
earlier 50%, and in exchange for eliminating or reducing duties on US industrial goods and agri-
products like tree nuts, fruits, soybean, etcetera. India has also committed to purchasing over 
USD500 billion in US energy, tech, agri and other products over five years, which improves 
market access and pricing for Indian exporters in textiles, leathers, gems, jewellery, engineering 
goods, marine products and beyond.  
This result would be stronger EXIM cargo movement both ways, incoming as well as outgoing, 
better container utilization at broad trade lanes, more balanced back hauls, and fresh demand for 
sophisticated supply chain management, especially in multimodal and cross border. These deals 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
align perfectly with India's export ambitions, creating tailwinds for India's logistics and volume 
ramp up, and these align perfectly with your company's vision and business.  
For Western Carriers and our customers, these favourable conditions support purchasing power, 
temper operating inputs such as fuel and finance, and create room for rate-sensitive capex in 
assets and fleet upgrades as we align continuously for reliable, cost-effective logistics execution 
to ensure customer delight.  
Your company has already completed a capex of more than INR30 crores in this year, mostly 
into heavy equipment, specialized containers, and road assets in line with our business policies 
as well as in line with the trade agreements.  
Now, speaking of Government support, I would like to dive shortly into the Union Budget, which 
truly places the logistics and trade facilitation sectors at the very heart of India's infra and 
economic growth. This isn't just about big numbers, though numbers are obviously very 
impressive with the public capex hiked to a record INR12.2 lakh crores and nearly INR5.98 lakh 
crores allocated specifically to transport and logistics ecosystems including roads, railways, 
ports, waterways, and multimodal connectivity.  
What makes this budget stand out for us is in the logistics world is the bold transformative 
reforms in customs and cargo clearance processes. First, these changes are designed to shift from 
an officer-dependent compliance-heavy system to one that's trust-based, digital-first, operator-
centric, and powered by tech, ultimately slashing delays, cutting costs, and boosting efficiencies 
across the board.  
Let me walk you through some of the key highlights that will directly impact how we operate, 
partner, and serve our global and Indian clients. First, in the spirit of a whole of the government 
approach, the government agencies are being encouraged to leverage Authorized Economic 
Operator, AEO accreditation, for preferential treatment in clearing their cargo.  
I am happy to inform that your company is AEO certified, has been certified for years, and this 
builds on the existing AEO framework by extending benefits like longer duty deferral payments 
from 15 to 30 days for tier 2 and tier 3 AEOs as well, and eligible manufacturer-importers giving 
trusted players more cash flows, flexibility, and faster processing.  
For integrated providers like Western Carriers, this means smoother, more predictable flows 
when handling shipments for accredited clients or government-linked cargo, which is the bulk 
of our customers.  
Next, the customer warehousing framework is undergoing a complete overhaul into a warehouse 
operator-centric system. We are moving away from the old model of heavy officer-dependent 
approvals to one on self-declaration, electric tracking, and risk-based audits. This will 
dramatically reduce transaction delays and compliance burdens, allowing operators to manage 
bonded facilities more efficiently, turn inventory faster, and integrate warehousing seamlessly 
into broader multimodal networks.  

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
The current budget proposes an infra risk guarantee fund aimed at mitigating construction phase 
risks for private developers, which should prove a boon for attracting private investment into 
logistics infrastructure. This can prove a boost for the multimodal logistics parks, which are key 
enablers of government's logistics national plans.  
MMLP's success depends on high cargo throughput, seamless last-mile connectivity, 
performance-linked incentives, and above all, land parcels and their development. Under the 
Gati Shakti Yojana, several current MMLPs are newly launched or advancing towards 
operationalization in this year and the next.  
This includes our very own Devaliya MMCT, which is near Morbi, which we discussed in detail 
last time, and spread over 32 acres, is a state-of-the-art facility proving to be a boon for the local 
industry around it, including tiles, chemical, agri, etcetera. Well-run parks like ours can help 
unlock major cost savings as well as substantially improve the TAT, thereby providing a major 
advantage to customers in its hinterland and subsequently to the end customers.  
Again, Budget ‘26-‘27 envisages a new East-West Dedicated Freight Corridor linking Dankuni 
outside Calcutta in West Bengal to the East in the East to Surat in Gujarat in the West. This 
crossing the entire breadth of the country with more than a 2,000 kilometer span, and this will 
greatly complement and enhance the service offerings of the two existing corridors which are 
near completion and running efficiently, the Eastern and the Western corridors.  
The freight corridors by design allow for far lower transits and far greater efficiencies than using 
passenger corridors, thereby proving to be a game changer for multimodal logistics. The budget 
earmarks INR10,000 crores for domestic container manufacturing, a fledgling sector in India 
which will be and should be a shot in the arm and turbocharge local production, weaning away 
from our import dependence mostly from Chinese container suppliers for both our domestic and 
EXIM needs.  
In short, I feel the Union Budget isn't just allocating funds; it's delivering a comprehensive 
forward-looking blueprint that makes India's logistics ecosystem far, far faster, smarter, more 
trusted, and globally competitive. For us and our partners, these are the kind of structural 
tailwinds that turn challenges into sustained growth.  
For Western Carriers, I would like to now delve into, the numbers, the boxes that we've delivered 
this year, and look at how all of these positive tailwinds are helping us move in our container 
movement and what the numbers are. So giving you guys a feel of the numbers and I'll deep dive 
into it as we go ahead, is the comparative numbers for quarter three '25-'26 compared to quarter 
three '24-'25 year on year.  
So if you see the domestic numbers that we've done is 23,565 for quarter three this year 
compared to 20,516 for last year. This translates into 3,049 additional boxes, which is a growth 
of 14.86% in the domestic business. Similarly, for EXIM, our number stands at 38,638 
containers compared to 33,787 last year. This translates into a growth of 4,851 boxes, and 
percentage-wise is about 14.86% and 14.36%.  

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
If we add both of them, we get an absolute increase of close to 8,000 boxes in the quarter and a 
net growth combined of over 14.5% quarter on quarter, showing the growth that your company 
has managed to do.  
To begin with, our operational momentum remains strong like I said in quarter three. Domestic 
containers continued to gain traction. EXIM containers, as you can see, continued to gain 
traction. And if we look at diving in further, or delving in further into both the sectors, which is 
EXIM and domestic, we can see that in EXIM, EXIM business is showing signs of, sustained 
growth in quarter three.  
The growth was over 14% like I said, which is excellent sign for your company. And this trend 
is expected to continue as I will explain further going forward. The Western DFC is expected to 
be complete by March 2026, that is the end of next month, to JNPT, which is expected to give a 
very big boost to EXIM business on the North to West corridor. It's a very positive sign for the 
country as well as for your company.  
We also have a very strong order book for rest of the year and for the years going forward, giving 
us additional confidence and comfort in growing our EXIM business. Realization is also 
expected to improve as we grow back our EXIM business after what has been three or four 
quarters of, very hard geopolitical situation as you are well aware. There is a decrease, a slight 
decrease in EXIM lead by about 2% due to the less demand primarily in North India, but we are 
seeing that the demand is now starting to pick up in this quarter.  
Similarly, talking about the domestic business, your company has shown excellent growth: 
quarter on quarter to stand at 38,638 TEUs versus 33,787 TEUs in quarter three FY ‘25. We are 
seeing very robust customer demand for general containers as well as for shipping specialized 
TEUs. Your company has procured a substantial amount of specialized containers to meet client 
requirements.  
(Note: Q3FY26 volumes were 23,565 TEUs and Q3FY25 volumes were 20,516 TEUs) 
Our current fleet of specialized containers owned by the company is over 1,000 TEUs. Total 
capex for the H1 was over INR30 crores, purchase of which has gone into the purchase of these 
specialized TEUs, specialized handling equipment like reach stackers and of course, in 
commercial vehicles.  
Capex is obviously being driven by our long-term commitment with large customers including 
the INR1,089 crores of work order that we got from Vedanta earlier last year, as well as the other 
mega orders like Jindal Stainless for both their domestic as well as EXIM business. Our service 
offerings from our own MMCT at Devaliya, like I touched on, at Morbi continues to expand 
with our fixed services Pan India including CMLK in the North, Bangalore in the South, as well 
as Calcutta and Guwahati in the East.  
Devaliya gives us a lot of scope on growing business from Western India, which fits very well 
for our long-term vision. Looking at some of the new businesses that we have done in this year, 
obviously I touched on ICD Devaliya, which is a leading MMCT which we launched in July of 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
last year. Specially designed heavy duty containers made for carrying metals is a mandate basis 
of what we've received. This capex has gone into a major boost for our company's growth.  
We have also commenced EXIM rail services to Mundra, which is something which we started 
this financial. We have some good increase in PPD as well as import TEUs at various ports in 
the country. We have seen a lot of demand, hence the major capex that we planned last year, and 
intention of further capex for the remaining financial is there. 
The MMCT is giving us a lot of focus on growing businesses from Western India, this financial, 
which is fitting very well with our long-term vision of getting more business from the Western 
part of the country. As you know, we are getting long-term commitments with large customers 
PAN India, which we have already talked on, and both these projects are now in full steam and 
gathering further pace going forward. So, as you can see, on the operation side, things are 
looking very very good. 
Coming to the numbers, I wanted to touch on them. Western Carriers has delivered a resilient 
performance and grown quarter-on-quarter. Revenue from operations for quarter three FY’26 is 
INR478 crores. EBITDA stands at INR24 crores. Profit after tax at INR11 crores. If we compare 
quarter-on-quarter, which is a good key sign given the geopolitical situation, you can see that 
the revenue from operations from quarter two to quarter three has expanded almost 9% at 
INR478 crores compared to INR440 crores the previous quarter. 
Similarly, the EBITDA has expanded from INR19 crores in Q2 to INR24 crores, giving a 
quarter-on-quarter growth of 27%. EBITDA margin, which has also grown with the numbers, 
has grown from 4.3% in the last quarter to about 5% in this quarter. PAT has similarly expanded 
22% from INR9 crores in quarter two to INR11 crores in quarter three. And similarly, we see 
that our PAT margins have also improved from 2% to 2.3%. 
So these are all good signs. It shows that we are making progress in the right earnest. Our asset-
light multimodal model once again is proved to be resilient. It is enabling us to deliver high 
service reliability across all customer segments. We are seeing great scope going forward. The 
volumes are growing and expanding during the quarter, and looking ahead to quarter four and 
remainder of the year, our focus remains crystal clear. 
It's consistent execution, tech-driven operational efficiencies, and continued enhancement of our 
capabilities to deliver customer delight. These priorities help us cater effectively to our 
customers' evolving needs, while continuing to generate sustainable long-term value for our 
stakeholders. Thank you once again for your continued trust in Western Carriers. We can now 
open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question 
comes from the line of Prateek Shah from Investing Alpha. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Shah: 
Yes. So my first question is on the P&L side. Sir, the gross margins have declined from 14% to 
12% year-over-year. So which cost components drove this drop? 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Yes so Prateek, there is, like I pointed out, there is a slight decrease in the EXIM lead by about 
2%. So the volumes have grown up, the EBITDA margins have improved, the PATs have 
improved, so we are on the right track now to regain the margins and profitability of earlier years 
and quarters. 
Prateek Shah: 
Okay. And another question is, as the largest Platinum Associate partner of CONCOR, are there 
any changes in rake allocation, tariff structures or even volume commitments that may affect 
FY’27 economics? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
No Prateek, we, we maintain and have received all support from CONCOR being their largest 
business associate and AP over the last several years and decades. And we don't see any 
hindrance in the relationship going forward. In fact, it is getting better as the volumes keep 
growing, and it's a win-win relationship for both us and CONCOR. As we work very closely 
with them in trying to increase our service offerings both for domestic as well as EXIM cargo. 
And so we don't see any major headwinds in that regard at all. 
Prateek Shah: 
Okay. And sir, with 16 leased warehouses in 12 states, what is the plan for expanding warehouse 
capacity or even automation to support higher margin 4PL operations? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
So Prateek, our warehousing play is completely dependent on the customer. Basis the customer's 
requirement, we create, a customized solution of which warehousing is a part and parcel of it. 
We do not build or operate warehousing as a business per se, but rent out or rent out warehousing 
as per requirement for 4PL as well as first mile and last mile of the customer. 
Automation is something which is a key focus for us, so we've been working on large 
warehousing play and automation including the best WMSs to ensure the FIFO terms etcetera 
that the customer needs. And our warehousing play is very well aligned to what our customer 
needs. It's close to the market that they need to service. The size depends on the requirement of 
the customer and so forth. But it's a very flexi play and we don't build, a large warehousing play 
and then look for customers. We actually get customers and then do it.  
Prateek Shah: 
Got it sir. So one last question. Do you plan to explore any acquisitions?  
Kanishka Sethia: 
There are no current plans Prateek, but you know, we are neither actively looking nor actively 
dissuading. If something comes up, we will always take a look at it obviously from a business 
perspective, but we are not in the market currently scouting for something actively. 
Prateek Shah: 
Understood sir, got it. Thank you. 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Thank you Prateek. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kaustav Bubna from BMSPL. Please go 
ahead. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Yes, hi. Hi Kanishk, how are you?  
Kanishka Sethia: 
Good morning Kaustav, I am good. How are you?  

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Kaustav Bubna: 
I'm good. Thank you. So I had a few questions. First on, on the latest con-call of CONCORs, 
they spoke about intensifying focus on multimodal logistics parks, enhancing first mile last mile 
connectivity, and their own integrated logistics offerings. So how does this, I mean, could this 
pose a risk to our business model? Or is this, I mean, could you, could you tell me what this 
really means, what they're trying to do? Had they had conversations with you? That's the first 
question. 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Sure. So Kaustav, it's actually complimentary. It's not something that as a policy they do not 
compete with their own business associates. We work with them in getting further businesses. 
So it's not that CONCOR is competing with us or any other business associate for that matter of 
fact. They are wanting to expand their service profile which is absolutely fine. They are well 
within their rights to do that. 
It doesn't really affect us directly nor does it really affect our relationship with them as we do -- 
rail part is one part of the business that we do. We do basically complete supply chain 
management. So we are absolutely aligned with them, and we are well aware of the service 
offerings that they have offered. Because whatever they offer is basically a pass through to the 
business associates itself. So it's not a major concern for us. It's actually a helpful thing. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Okay. And now, so we speak about the DFCC getting commissioned, and you have repeatedly 
said, the market will, market conditions will get better, once the trade deals or some clarity 
comes on the trade deals. Now we've got that also more or less clarified. So I mean, now I wanted 
to understand how do these factors affect the long-term rates in domestic and EXIM? 
Because that would then be the main factor to helping our overall profit profitability apart from 
volume growth. So now that these things are falling in place, I wanted to understand, not really, 
I mean, I know it's won't be accurate to give guidance, but I mean, how do you see all of this 
playing out for the company now?  
Kanishka Sethia: 
It's a fair question Kaustav, and you're right, I've been pointing out and hoping for this for several 
quarters. As you can see, once the geopolitical situation has stabilized in the last quarter going 
forward, you can see it immediately reflecting in our numbers, not only in the EXIM numbers, 
which has completely aligned to the geopolitical situation, but also we've been able to do very 
large growth in our domestic numbers, which has not much to do with global geopolitics. 
That's something that we worked on very hard over the last four, six, eight quarters in growing 
our service offerings domestically. So we are in a situation where we are seeing a tremendous 
growth. We, like I said, almost 8,000 TEUs plus is what we've done quarter on, year-on-year on 
quarter three. And these numbers are tremendous given the situation that it's not still 100% 
normalized in the geopolitics. 
But we can see that the growth is coming, and what happens is when you have growth in both 
domestic and EXIM, it becomes a perfect tailwind. It improves your margins, it improves your 
realizations, and more important than that is it improves your service levels to your customers 
because you have more an abundant service profiles running for them. 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
The routines become quicker, the transits become more efficient, and we are able to track and 
trace it much more quickly for the customers than as compared to when the geopolitics is not 
good. There is less of port delays, there is less of congestions, the transits are better. So it's a 
win-win both for the customer and for us as a company. And I see this basically surging further 
in quarter four basis, what we were able to do in quarter three. So this portends really well for 
us as a company as well as for the country, I feel. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
But could you kind of share some indication on how will, even this East to West connection of 
the DFCC, the commissioning of the current DFCC which was about, the West line I think, right, 
which is about to be fully commissioned, how will this have an impact on the rates? Could you? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Sure. So Kaustav, see, rates is basically just one part of the matrix here. What happens is, I'll 
give you a simple example. Say you send a train which is running on the regular, not one of your 
dedicated freight corridors. The concept of a dedicated freight corridor is defined in its name. 
That means the freight corridor is dedicated for freight. A non-freight corridor DFC movement 
is something which is competing with passengers or passenger trains on that rail line. 
That means, by design, it is going to be much, much slower than a DFC. What happens with a 
DFC is your movement is far quicker, far more efficient, and far more guaranteed. What it does 
is you are able to get more and more business to be hived off from pure road transportation. It 
increases competition, it reduces price for the customers. So it's a win-win for the customer, for 
the country, as well as for companies like us that we are able to get more business opportunities 
from areas which had not looked at railways as a serious requirement so far. 
When it comes to margin, margin Kaustav depends completely on the route at the time, the 
seasonality and the amount of volumes that you are able to generate. The higher the volumes, 
the better the frequencies, and the more the operations efficiencies that you can bring around, 
the better your margins are. So it's, it's hard to give a holistic answer, it's not a simple answer to 
give, but I would like to say, if you are able to generate better and better volumes and run your 
supply chain more efficiently, your margins will tend to go up. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Okay, just on your point, if you could just let me ask my last question. Basically, if I'm not 
mistaken, most of your volumes come from bulk commodity like steel etcetera, right? Currently? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
We have a mix of products Kaustav. We have metals, we have industrial chemicals, we have 
FMCG, Pharma etcetera. So we are quite spread out in our material and customer offerings. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Because what I was going to ask was is that, as the DFCC gets commissioned and more 
industries look towards rail transport, how do you see this mix changing to what other industries 
etcetera? That's what I was going to ask? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Yes so Kaustav, metals remains a large focus area for us primarily, because they are custom 
suited for large multimodal supply chain operations. But our offerings over the years has 
changed. If I give you an example of my multimodal cargo terminal at Morbi, you will see that 
it's not at all getting much revenues from metals, but is more focused on industrial products like 
tiles, chemicals, food grade products etcetera. So, it depends on what business you are doing. 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
And so a business which was almost not existing is now growing rapidly for us, especially in 
the domestic business. So our focus remains on growing our business holistically. We don't look 
at growing our business only in the metal sector. Wherever there is an opportunity to add value 
to the customers and run a supply chain efficiently, we try to track it. Our, our considerations 
are very simple that we should be able to add value to our customers. If we are not going to add 
value or improve their supply chains, we don't waste our time on it. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
All right. Thank you so much for the detailed answers. Best of luck and talk to you soon. 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Thank you Kaustav. Thank you for your time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sunidhi Joshi from NM Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Sunidhi Joshi: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So just wanted to understand since the operating cash flow 
remains subdued, what structural changes or billing cycle improvements are planned to restore 
positive operating cash flow? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Yes Sunidhi, fair question. So the cash flow, is due to, the situation is due to the increase in 
working capital requirements as the business has been growing. Like I pointed out, we've grown 
about 9% to 10% quarter-to-quarter. So that basically for us, the raw material in our industry is 
basically working capital, so that's where it is, you know, gone in. It is expected to improve very 
dramatically and quickly as our realization increases. So that's what it is Sunidhi. We expect our 
realizations to improve in this quarter and the next, and we hope that the cash flows then will 
start turning. 
Sunidhi Joshi: 
Okay, understood. And with the metals forming 55% of the FY’25 revenue, how exposed is the 
company to volatility in metals demand, and what diversification roadmap is planned ahead? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Fair question Sunidhi. So even though 55% of our metals, of our business is coming from metals, 
I want to point out that it is quite well hedged in itself that we do metals of all types. We do 
aluminium, we do zinc, we do steel, we do other aggregates etcetera. And all of these metals 
have a very different cycle. If you track LME, the aluminium prices or the steel prices are not 
all moving up and down at the same time. 
So the metals itself creates a hedge because we work on all the metals across the spectrum in the 
country. Similarly, the 45%-50% odd of our cargo which comes from non-metals is something 
which is growing and growing exponentially. You will see those numbers tracked in our 
domestic business. Like I said, businesses like tiles, food grade products, and industrial 
chemicals etcetera are growing leaps and bounds. It's a business which has been growing very 
fast for us. 
So these industrials and chemicals etcetera is a business that going forward will sort of, the 
growth will outpace the growth of the metals industry. So we are basically growing towards a 
50-50 mix going into the next two or three years. 
Sunidhi Joshi: 
Great. Thank you so much and all the best.  

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
February 16, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Thank you Sunidhi. Thank you for your time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question for today. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to Mr. Aryan Sumra for closing comments. Over to you. 
Aryan Sumra: 
Thank you. I would like to thank the management for taking the time out and to all the 
participants for their questions. If you have any further questions, feel free to contact us. We are 
MUFG Intime, Investor Relation Advisors to Western Carriers India Limited. Thank you so 
much. Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Western Carriers (India) Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
