 
 
Date: January 29, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532790 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza” 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: TANLA 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call for Q3-FY’26 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirement) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call on 
Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 held on Friday, 
January 23, 2026, at 3:30 PM IST.  
 
The transcript is uploaded on company’s website on below link: 
 
 
Link:  https://www.tanla.com/investor-relations/quarterly-results 
 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tanla Platforms Limited 
 
 
 
Seshanuradha Chava 
General Counsel and Company Secretary 
ACS-15519 
 
 
 
SESHANU
RADHA 
CHAVA
Digitally signed by 
SESHANURADHA 
CHAVA 
Date: 2026.01.29 
17:39:17 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Tanla Platforms Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
January 23, 2026 
 
Call Duration 
§ 
36 minutes 
Management 
§ 
Ritu Mehta - Head of Investor Relations 
§ 
Uday Kumar Reddy - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 
§ 
Deepak Goyal - Executive Director & Chief Business Officer 
§ 
Anubhav Batra, Chief Financial Officer 
§ 
Seshanuradha Chava - General Counsel and Company Secretary 
 
Participants that asked 
the questions 
§ 
Amit Chandra - HDFC Securities 
§ 
Deepak Chokani- Rade Capital 
§ 
Jyoti Singh- Airhant Capital 
§ 
Abhishek Chauhan-Eklavya Capital 
§ 
Dharwi Sharma - Mudita Growth Partners 
§ 
Rahil Shah- Sapphire Capital 
§ 
Gopinath- Individual Investor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tanla Platforms' Q3 FY '26 
Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing * then 0 on your touch-tone phone 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Ritu Mehta from Tanla Platforms. Thank you. And 
over to you, ma'am. 
 
Ritu Mehta: 
A very good afternoon and a warm welcome to our Q3 earnings call. Joining us with 
us today are Uday Reddy, Founder Chairman & CEO; Deepak Goyal, Executive 
Director; Anubhav Batra, CFO and Anuradha Chava, General Counsel and Company 
Secretary. Before we start the call, let me draw your attention to the fact that today’s 
discussion may feature statements that are forward-looking in nature. All statements 
other than statements of historical facts, could be deemed forward-looking in nature. 
Such statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which 
cannot be quantified or predicted.  A detailed disclosure in this regard is mentioned in 
the results presentation that is uploaded on our website. Audio recording and 
transcript will be available soon. 
 
                                                        Hope, everybody got a chance to go through our Investor Presentation and 
Shareholder Letter. The management will be happy to answer any questions, and we 
will now open the floor for Q&A. Michele, if you could open the floor for Q&A. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Sure, ma'am. Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question, may press * and 1 on their touch-tone 
telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press * 
and 2. Participants are requested to be use their handset while asking a question. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. Our first question comes from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the enterprise side. Obviously, 
we have seen the recovery there in terms of growth, both in the OTT side and the 
enterprise, excluding the OTT. If you can throw some more colour in terms of whether 
this is more led by seasonality or this is led by some structural changes that are 
happening in the enterprise business ex of OTT. Because last quarter, you mentioned 
that there was some impact from some client-specific drawdowns. So, like where are 
we in terms of the stability of the existing portfolio? And also, in terms of the domestic 
messaging volumes, how the volume has picked up? And how the telcos are seeing for 
price hike in this segment? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Deepak, do you want to take this one? 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yeah, yeah. Sure, sure, Uday. Hi, Amit, Deepak here. So overall, we have seen a good 
quarter, as reflected in the numbers. And it is not just about seasonality, but overall, I 
would say that we did pretty well. If you look at the volumes on the SMS side, our 
volumes are growing. We have, in fact winning a lot of new customers, and we have 
added net new customers to our portfolio, and those customers have ramped up. We 
have been trying to change our mix a little bit.  
 
We focused on more profitable routes. We focused on customers sending messages 
to outside of India, and we've grown that. That has also brought in some additional 
profitability. On the OTT side, you must be aware, as we speak today, we have been 
recognised by Meta as the partner of the year. So, we are their most preferred 
partners now. Though as we discussed in our last earnings call, there was a bit of 
incentives withdrawn by Meta, but still, overall, this business is growing and we are  

 
 
 
 
 
 
also trying to charge for our additional services, for bots and everything. So that is 
also giving us additional revenues and bottom line which is contributing to the 
bottom line. And we feel that this is going to sustain for the future also 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. You mentioned about obviously the WhatsApp OTT business; the volume 
growth is back. But more from a Meta perspective, they have been very volatile in 
terms of pricing. First, they have cut the pricing. Now again, there has been a pricing 
increase. So how do the enterprise clients view this? And also, is it any price hike there 
is going to impact the adoption of WhatsApp as an alternative channel or you're 
seeing very strong demand there in terms of adoption? Or also, in terms of pricing, 
why there is so much volatility from the Meta side? 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
See, Meta is known for this. When they see there's a strong demand, they would 
increase the prices, okay? So, there's nothing new that is happening on the ad 
business also, and that is happening here as well. Having said that, I would say that 
customers continue to ride on this channel, as they see great ROI coming in. 
 
But we would also say that we also have an alternate channel that is RCS available 
for the customers, and they are trying that as well, which is far, far cheaper. And even 
there, the ROI is pretty good. So, if certain customers, they find, then we have a rival 
channel available with us. Even at RCS, as you are aware, we are the largest. So, it is 
working well. But just to answer to your question, yes, the demand remains quite 
strong for WhatsApp. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Yes. You mentioned about that you have been adding new customers, and we have 
seen that the new customer addition has been pretty strong over the last two 
quarters. But if I see the revenue added from these customers, there has been a 
sharp decline in terms of what we have added in this quarter. So, if you can explain 
how the journey of a like new client is and what actually defines a new client in terms 
of whether we start at a very low engagement level, and then, we ramp up within 
that? And how much typically is the ramp-up timeline in terms of when you onboard a 
client? 
 
 Deepak Goyal: 
See, for a customer to fully ramp up, it takes good three, four quarters once we 
onboard a customer. I also mentioned a couple of quarters back that we are focusing 
on our existing customers also to increase our wallet share, where we are already 
present. So that exercise also worked very well for us. And in parallel, we were 
working on adding new customers as well, which we did, and you would see the 
results in the coming quarters because as I said, it takes time to build all the solutions 
and everything and ramp the customer. 
 
We have to work on a lot of use cases. So that work is going on in parallel. But I can 
tell you that our engine is going pretty well on both the sides; on the existing 
customer sides, where we are continuously working on increasing our wallet share, 
and we are also working on adding absolutely net new customers, which were never 
there with us. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And last question from my side is on the platform side, obviously, we have a 
stated strategy there in terms of scaling the platform business. But are we satisfied 
with our performance in terms of what we have achieved in terms of platform 
business? Because the growth has slowed down versus what we have done maybe 
one or two years back. And in terms of the new platform launches outside of India, we 
have onboarded some new customers. So, what is the ramp-up timeline there? And 
when we can see some strong growth in the platform segment? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yeah. So, Amit, it's a good question. In fact, we have won one deal on our ATP in India. 
So, we're going to go live any time soon. So, we should be able to start billing  

 
 
 
 
 
probably, if not January, probably in February itself. So that's one bank that we 
added on ATP to start with. 
 
Secondly, we have delivered impact to our Indosat customer, and they are pretty 
happy. So, we are also in discussion with other telcos. But as you know, it's a gigantic 
platform. It takes a bit of time to sell this platform. But once you deploy, it's tightly 
integrated with the network, handset and SIM. So, it takes a bit of time, but we are 
doing whatever we can do from our side to sell more of platforms in the international 
market. 
 
 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And in terms of launches, are we there in terms of whatever launches we have 
to make on the platform side or we are still working on some new products, some new 
innovative products like when because we are always ahead in terms of 
understanding the industry trend and coming up with some innovative product, and 
that has been our strength on the platform side? So, anything if you can share with us 
in terms of what we are working on? And what can be the future growth drivers on the 
platform business? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Amit, I'm afraid I cannot really tell you what are the platforms that we are working 
right now. But definitely, you will get to hear something good in this quarter. Our 
innovation engine along with GTM engine is going very, very good. It's solid. Our 
innovation team is working on a platform which have to go live by end of this quarter. 
And as and when we go live with both telcos and enterprises, we should be able to 
update our shareholders. 
 
 Amit Chandra: 
Okay, thank you. And all the best for the quarter. Thank you. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thanks, Amit. 
                                                     
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Deepak Chokhani from Rade 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Deepak Chokhani: 
Thank you. Good evening. Deepak Chokhani here. So quick two questions. With a 
strong bank balance of ₹1,000 crores, do you think our existing businesses has 
enough TAM for us to continue growing? Or should we be considering investing or 
incubating other businesses which are related to our business? That's question 
number one. 
 
And question number two is, we haven't seen any domestic mutual fund participation 
in our shareholders list. So what efforts company is making to attract them? That's it. 
Thank you. 
 
Anubhav Batra: 
Hi, Deepak, so we have a strong balance sheet. We have good cash balance. And 
honestly, our efforts are more to do with addressing the existing TAM currently 
because it is growing at a decent pace. Likewise, there are certain products that we 
have, which are category creators in themselves. So there, we are not limited to the 
current CPaaS TAM, but like Wisely.ai has geographical attraction. So, we would 
want to continue to invest our energies in the near term in accelerating the growth on 
the existing platform that we have built, not just in India, but to go global. That is one. 
But having said that, we continue to invest, like Uday mentioned, we are working on 
new platforms. So, we want to expand our TAM with the innovation engine that we 
have and cater to greenfield opportunities. So, we do spend decent amount of funds 
from our funds on the new innovations that we're doing internally. That is one. 
 
Deepak Chokhani: 
So, on the same point, do you think, enterprise and the platform business has enough 
TAM for us to continue growing in the near future? Because it seems like things have  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
kind of saturated in terms of the market or the top line and not only for us, just for the 
entire sector. 
 
 
Anubhav Batra: 
Deepak, it has not saturated. It is actually growing at almost 8% to 12% range year-
on-year. And with OTT changing the landscape, honestly, the market is expanding. In 
that sense, digital adoption is going through the roof, UPI transactions, etc. So, there 
is enough market opportunity there. But at the same time, having said that, you know 
that we have geographical expansion aspirations, so we would want to expand our 
geographical territory so that we are able to increase address to a larger TAM. 
 
Deepak Chokhani: 
Okay. And the next question was basically, I mean, are we making any efforts to 
attract because given the mutual, at least the domestic mutual fund flow has been 
so huge, and I sometimes wonder what efforts are we making to attract them? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Anubhav Batra: 
Yeah. So, Deepak, there, I think what we are trying to do currently is, obviously, we 
need to engage more. So, we are going to increase our coverage. We're going to 
increase meetings with the set of investors in the near future. But obviously, our first 
endeavour was to make sure that we get back on the growth trajectory, which I think 
we have started demonstrating quarter-on-quarter improvement in the number. 
 
And now that the growth momentum is back, we obviously have taken a note of this 
internally. Also, we have discussed that as management, we would want to go out 
and engage with both the domestic funds as well as foreign institutional investors. So, 
we are going to focus on that aspect as well. 
 
Deepak Chokhani: 
Okay, thank you and all the best. 
 
Anubhav Batra: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. As you explained a lot of things on the industry side, but 
I wanted to understand like how competition is evolving in India in the CPaaS market 
and especially from a global CPaaS player and telco platform. And another question 
on the OTT and RCS that are gaining traction. So how should we think about the growth 
trajectory going forward two to three years?   
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Deepak, do you want to take this question? 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
I couldn't hear it properly. Can you please repeat? 
 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yeah. So, I wanted to understand on the competition side, CPaaS market, especially 
from global CPaaS player and telco-backed platform. And another question on the 
OTT and RCS gaining traction. So how we should think the growth trajectory of a 
traditional SMS versus a newer channel over the next two to three years? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Deepak, are you there? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, he is connected. Deepak, sir, please unmute yourself and speak. 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
We are seeing a good amount of growth coming in on the SMS side also, as Anubhav 
just mentioned that the UPI transactions are going through the roof. So, this all attract 
such kind of transactions, SMS-based notifications and OTPs and so on. 

 
 
 
 
And likewise, if you look at OTT, now the focus is not only on the top 200 or 300 large 
enterprise customers, who are into B2C business, but TAM is increasing to SMEs. And 
there are hundreds and thousands of SMEs are there. And now the focus by OTT players 
is how we can build solutions for them, right? And that market can be really, really huge. 
And that's where we are putting a lot of focus on whether it's voice or otherwise. So, a 
lot of work is going on in that. So, both SMS and OTT are going to grow in the future. 
 
And I think your another question was about the competition from the international 
players, am I right? 
 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes, sir. 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yeah. So, I mean, if you really see, Indian market is quite complex, and almost every 
large CPaaS player had their presence in India or they still have it. Let's say, for 
example, Twilio came, and Twilio bought ValueFirst. And finally, and ultimately, we 
acquired ValueFirst, and now they're with us. Sinch is there, but they are not doing that 
great. Infobip is almost on the verge of collapsing in India. Yeah, so if you really look at 
the international players, they don't have much presence left in India anymore, which 
we predicted three years back as well. 
Jyoti Singh: 
All right. Thank you. And also wanted to understand, like currently, our annualised 
revenue on the customer cohort grew around 30% approx. So how much headroom 
remain for wallet share expansion within the top 20 and 30 customers who track it? 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
See, there's still room, okay? And we feel that we have quite, I mean, I can't quantify 
in the percentage right now, but there is still room left, and there is some work in 
progress for that.  
 
Anubhav Batra: 
And also, Jyoti, just to add to what Deepak said, basically, we are trying to focus on 
accounts based on the wallet share that we have and not just on the large customer 
cohort, but also customers which are between 20 million to 50 million per month kind 
of number that we generate from them. We are targeting to focus on the lower end 
of pyramid as well so that we bring them on the higher ladder on the pyramid. So, we 
would want to focus on those segments as well. So that's why I think overall, there is 
still a lot of headroom available for growth by focusing on by increasing the wallet 
share on the other segments as well from the cohort. 
 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A remainder to all the participants that you may please press * and 1 to ask 
questions at this time. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Chauhan from 
Eklavya Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhishek Chauhan: 
Yeah, thank you. And congratulations for a good set of numbers. What I see from the 
presentation is that your enterprise communication finally is growing at double-digit 
rate Y-o-Y. And if I project from your previous conferences, what I gather is it is because 
the pricing situation has become much better. So, my question is, do we see the pricing 
pressure in enterprise communication to remain stable and the market share to remain 
stable? Or can they turn volatile again? 
 
Anubhav Batra: 
Abhishek, in the near future, we would want to assume that there will be stability. 
However, having said that, competition environment is still active, and there is a 
continuous pricing pressure. That remains. However, both from a sourcing side as well 
as from the selling price side, we have been able to maintain this thing, and our growth 
is also increasing. So, in the near term, it is stable, but because we operate in a highly 
competitive environment, a long-term view is difficult, but near term is stable. 
 
Abhishek Chauhan: 
Thank you. I think that's all from my side. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants you may please press * and 1 to ask questions. The next 
question is from the line of Dharwi Sharma from Mudita Growth Partners. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Dharwi Sharma: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, I have an industry-wide question. So globally, we are 
seeing that banks and especially financial institutions, they are moving from OTPs to 
passkeys. Also, do they have been delayed their passkeys? I want to understand what 
are your views on it. Do we see SMS OTP volumes going down in the future? I want to 
have some understanding as to how does it impact our terminal value in your opinion. 
 
Anubhav Batra: 
Deepak, would you want to answer that? Please, go ahead 
 
Anubhav Batra: 
Dharwi, can you please repeat the question? 
 
Dharwi Sharma: 
So, my question is that globally, we are seeing that banks and especially financial 
institutions, they are moving from OTPs to passkeys. Also, two-factor authentication is 
being replaced by passkeys. So, in your opinion, the SMS volumes of OTP should 
decrease in the future. So, what are you views on it? I want to have some 
understanding as to how this decrease in volume, if it happens, how does it impact our 
terminal value. So, if I could get some views on it from your end. 
 
 
 
 
 
Anubhav Batra: 
So, Dharwi, while brands are using new ways of authenticating a user, but at the same 
time, I think OTP continues to grow and remains most secure channel. So, we have not 
seen any drop, decrease in the volumes in OTP even when the new technologies have 
been made available. 
 
And also, I think even if, let's say, the OTP use case shifts from SMS, there are many 
more use cases that are being growing in the market, like we mentioned, notifications 
is going through the roof because of the transactions that happen on digital channels. 
So, we don't see any impact on OTP traffic in the near future. 
 
Dharwi Sharma: 
Thank you 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants you may please press * and 1 to ask questions. The next 
question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Rahil Shah: 
Good afternoon. Firstly, do we have any guidance, when it comes to our top line and 
margins? Mainly on the margins front now, you've done well in this quarter. So, what is 
the steady-state range, first of all? When can expect? 
 
Anubhav Batra: 
Rahil, we would not want to give any guidance or any number, sorry, because it will be 
forward-looking. But as we said, we are aspiring to continue to build on our growth 
momentum, and I think it should continue. 
 
Rahil Shah: 
And are we seeing equal focus across all the platforms and channels we have? Or is 
there a certain area where the company is spending more to get more market share? 
 
Anubhav Batra: 
On both. Rahil, we are focusing on both segments, and we would see that on both of 
them, we are growing continuously. So, focus is there on both the segments. 
 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay. Yeah. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gopinath, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Gopinath: 
Hi, good evening, everyone. So, I have three questions. The first one is on the ValueFirst 
International business acquisition. I know the approvals haven't come through, and it's 
hard to exactly know when the timeline would be, but do we know why the approvals 
are taking so long to happen, right, for the acquisition to go through? That's question 
number one. 
 
And it was also mentioned that some ₹40 crores our RSUs are being amortised under 
the employee expenses. I wanted to understand how much of it has been amortised 
this quarter. And how long will that process happen? 
 
And the third question is, I mean, I'm not sure if I have this information, right, but NIC, 
National Informatics Centre is a customer of Karix. I believe that the SMS to government 
organisation has gone to some other firm. How much of an impact would that have on 
the bottom line and the top line starting next quarter? 
 
Seshanuradha Chava: 
Hello, Gopinath. Let me just answer the question regarding regulatory approvals. For 
the ValueFirst International. Like you said, it is spending, but we cannot tell you the 
timeline because the regulatory approvals are approvals, and we are constantly in 
touch with the regulator. We are trying to resolve it, and we will update the market as 
and when we have an update from the regulator. Having said so, we just want to inform 
-- yeah, yeah, please go ahead. 
 
Gopinath: 
Sorry, the timeline, I understand, but do we understand the reasons why it's taking a lot 
of time? 
 
Seshanuradha Chava: 
Why it's taking a lot of time? There are some questions, and we're just responding to 
the questions from the regulator. 
 
 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Okay. And for the second question? Deepak, do you want to take on NIC? 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yeah, for NIC, it's like this that, firstly, when you talk about what will be the impact of 
the top line and bottom line, then in terms of bottom line, the impact is not material, 
number one. Number two, I would say that when NIC floated this RFP, they came up 
with a very stringent eligibility criteria, which requires a lot of different kind of 
certifications and compliance. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Are you there Deepak?  
 
Anubhav Batra: 
In the meanwhile, Gopinath, let me answer the second question around VF RSUs, the 
vesting is over two years, and this is the third quarter of that vesting. 
 
Gopinath: 
Understood. Roughly ₹5 crores a quarter? 
 
Anubhav Batra: 
Yes. So, Deepak, are you there? 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yeah. So I was talking about NIC. So firstly, I would say that, you asked for what 
would be the impact on our top line and bottom line. So I would say the impact is not 
material, it's not much, if we really lose it. But just to give you more details about it, 
when NIC floated the RFP, they came up with a very strict eligibility criteria, which 
require a lot of different kind of experience and certification, security audits, a lot of 
stuff. And what we have found is that there are serious anomalies, I mean, to whom 
this tender has been awarded. And we have raised this with NIC, and we are waiting 
for a favourable response from their side. So, it is not yet over as far as we are 
concerned. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Gopinath: 
Got it. And another thing to add, great job on the Tamil Nadu e-governance agency 
product launch that you had. Any idea on how the volumes and when the volumes 
might pick up? Like how do we make money out of it? Is it again per message basis 
there? Or how is that contract going to work out? 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yeah, yeah. We always work on per transaction basis. And this is our focus on going on 
to each and every state in the country and enable them to be able to communicate 
and interact and engage with the citizens over there. So, let's say, for example, Tamil 
Nadu is a very, very interesting project. Already we worked for more than three months 
to activate our bots for more than 55 various government departments in Tamil Nadu. 
 
They are very, very happy with it. And the service has been launched. It will take some 
time to ramp up where citizens would understand that they can reach out to a 
particular number to ask for various things on the government. They can, in fact, 
interact with the government department directly, and vice versa, where if there are 
any government schemes are there, any new developments are there, they can reach 
out to the citizens. So, this has been built for that. And we are working very closely with 
them, and we believe that it will bring very good volumes for us in the near future. But I 
cannot say in terms of what revenues and all that, but we feel it's just going to be a 
pretty good one. 
 
Gopinath: 
Are there any projects underlying going on with other governments similar to that of 
Tamil Nadu?. 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yeah. We have many more states in the pipeline and working with other states as 
well. 
 
Gopinath 
Thanks a lot for the update. Hoping for the best. Thank you 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
And just to tell you one more thing, with NIC, we are very strong on WhatsApp. Our 
company ValueFirst, they are the primary providers for WhatsApp services over there, 
and that is growing very well over there. 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the 
participants, I now hand the conference over to Ms. Ritu Mehta for closing comments. 
 
Ritu Mehta: 
Thank you very much. In case any questions are still not answered, please reach out to 
Investor Help Desk.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf 
of Tanla Platforms Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Bye. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
