 
www.greatship.com 
 
 
Our Ref.: S/2026/SEC 
 
 
 
 
                         February 04, 2026 
 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
     National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
     Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
Dalal Street,   
 
 
 
     Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
 
     Mumbai – 400 051 
 
BSE Scrip code: 500620         
                 Trading Symbol – GESHIP 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Earnings call conducted on January 30, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Further to our letters dated January 21, 2026 and January 30, 2026, please find enclosed 
transcripts of the earnings call held on January 30, 2026. 
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
 
 
Anand Punde 
Company Secretary 
Email ID: anand_punde@greatship.com 
 
 
Anand 
Prabhak
ar Punde
Digitally signed 
by Anand 
Prabhakar 
Punde 
Date: 2026.02.04 
14:16:49 +05'30'

Page 1 of 24 
“The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited  
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 30, 2026 
MANAGEMENT: MR. G. SHIVAKUMAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR &
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, THE GREAT EASTERN 
SHIPPING COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. RAHUL SHETH – GENERAL MANAGER, MD’S 
OFFICE, THE GREAT EASTERN SHIPPING COMPANY 
LIMITED

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shivakumar – Executive Director and CFO. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
G. Shivakumar:
Thank you, Yashashri. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the conference call to go 
through Great Eastern Shipping's results for the 3rd Quarter and for the 9 Months of FY '26. 
I have with me Rahul Sheth. We will go through a presentation quickly first, and then we will 
be happy to take questions. I will run through the presentation quickly. I am sure you all would 
have seen it. It was uploaded yesterday, so that we can have a maximum time for Q&A. 
You would have seen the financial highlights. We had a net profit of INR 813 crores on a 
consolidated basis, standalone INR 650 crores. The net asset value has gone up again, and this 
has mainly gone up because of the operating earnings.  
There has been no significant change in values of ships between September end and December 
end. So, this is all operating cash flows, which have helped to improve the net asset value. And 
we have yet again declared a dividend. This is the 16th consecutive quarterly dividend that we 
are declaring.  
I won't go too much into the P&L. You would have seen this. We can go through it later if you 
have any questions. On a normalized basis, it is not too different from the reported numbers. Just 
to remind you, this is to take out the effect of the exchange rates and the derivatives that we do, 
and the derivatives are basically for converting our rupee debt into dollar debt, so that we match 
our debt and our assets. 
Return ratios continue to be good. As I mentioned, NAV has gone up in the quarter, and it has 
gone up in the 9 and 12 months as well. This is the industry format. Basically, for shipping 
analysts, it helps to know what were the voyage expenses, and therefore what is the time charter 
equivalent rate. Because voyage expenses, or what are called direct operating expenses, are a 
pass-through. They are part of executing the voyage. We start our discussions from what is here, 
marked as A, which is time charter equivalent. So when we talk of $ per day, that is at this level, 
that is the time charter equivalent level. 
Business overview, there are a lot of details here. Basically, the headline news is OPEC opened 
the taps again, which meant that there was more cargo to be carried around, more crude cargoes 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 3 of 24 
to be carried around, and this was known before because they had a schedule which was laid 
out.  
Apart from OPEC, which was a move which was known since the middle of last year, there was 
also South America, which produced a lot of oil. Guyana and Brazil produced about 1 million 
barrels a day more than in the same period last year. I am talking of Q3 FY '26 versus Q3 FY 
'25. This oil is not necessarily getting consumed. It is going into inventory. Some of it is in 
floating storage as well, while it looks for a buyer. 
But the net effect is that markets were strong. Crude tanker markets were strong. Product tanker 
markets also recovered in the quarter from where they were the previous couple of quarters. 
Asset prices were about 5% up, but when you adjust for age, etc., it is not too different.  
The order book currently has been creeping up as the markets continue to be strong, and ship 
prices have been strong as well. So, the order book for crude tankers is currently at about 17% 
for crude and 19% for product tankers. 
Coming to dry bulk, again, this is a sector which saw some strength, especially in the Capesize 
sector. This sector has also continued to be strong in January. We had a small dip, and then it's 
picked up steam again, which is unusual because seasonally this is the worst quarter of the year, 
but markets have been reasonably strong for the last week or two.  
Again, iron ore trade did see substantial growth in Q3, about 40 million more of imports into 
China. Again, there is a lot of it is going into inventory at ports in China. So, there seems to be 
some stocking up. 
Also, grain trade grew in Q3, and so bulk carrier asset prices were marginally higher during the 
quarter. And the order book is at around 12.5%.  
LPG spot earnings were strong. Trade volumes were down. However, ton miles helped a little 
bit because U.S. exports were going to Southeast Asia instead of going to China through the 
Panama Canal, which means more miles. So, as earnings were pretty strong, asset prices were 
flat, but at very high levels.  
The order book continues to be very high at 29%. I have already spoken about the asset price 
movement. The order book also I have mentioned. Again, it is creeping up. It was very low in 
2023-24 for the crude and product tanker sectors. It has now gone up significantly since then. 
Still at pretty low levels compared to what it has been in previous highs. 
And just to compare the order book with the old fleet, you can see the orange bar is what we 
would define as the old fleet, which is 20+ for all categories except LPG, and LPG is 25+. So, 
in LPG, only 11% of the fleet is old, but the order book is 29%. In dry bulk and product tankers, 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 4 of 24 
they are more or less even, the old fleet and the order book. In crude tankers, the order book is 
at 16% to 17%, while the old fleet is 24% of the fleet.  
Scrapping has been very minimal for the last 10 years. So, we are talking of only about between 
8% and 12% of the fleet getting scrapped in an entire 10-year period, which is very low. And 
that is a scrapping overhang which is there in the market, which is why you have such a high 
proportion of old fleet. 
Coming to the jack-up market, this is the international market scenario. Markets are showing 
some recovery. Saudi Aramco has come back into the market. Two years ago, almost two years 
ago, they had off-hired about 24 or 25 jack-up rigs, or they had suspended contracts for those 
rigs. A lot of those are going back, are being called back by Saudi Aramco, and that again is 
starting to tighten the market a little bit. And this is a slide, of course, of how many old rigs are 
there in the market, old rigs and old vessels. And the order book is extremely low because very 
few assets have been ordered in the last 10 years.  
For Greatship, because that is predominantly a time charter business, these are the repricings. 
We have one rig which is on a short-term contract in India itself. As it stands, her contract gets 
over in end of February. So, we will need to find work for her. We are in discussions and bidding 
for contracts. 
The second rig, which is also on a short-term contract, comes off contract sometime in May, 
June, and we will see what to do about the future business for her. 
The vessels, there is only one which is up for pricing in this quarter, and there are four which 
are up for pricing in the next quarter. So, we have a lot of coverage for the vessels.  
This is on the breakup on the revenue days and the TC wise. I won't go too much into it. The net 
asset value, the growth over the last 5 years, we have seen this going up with a CAGR of 20% 
plus on both a standalone and a consolidated basis.  
And just to look at what happened between December '24 and December '25, you will see that 
the net asset value has actually gone up, even though we have paid out a dividend. You can see 
the fleet value reduction is INR 44 per share, and we paid out INR 28 per share in this period. 
However, the NAV has gone up, and that is because of the green bar, which is a cash profit 
which has been produced. 
I have mentioned in the past that the net asset value converts into cash, and that helps to cushion 
it from a fall in the asset prices. Similarly for the consolidated NAV as well. Again, the stock 
price to consolidated net asset value, we are trading at about a 25% to 30% discount currently.  
Again, showing that, we focus on timing the market. Last time we levered up in FY '17, '18, and 
'19, from 0 net leverage, in the shipping business, we went up to $360 million of net leverage. 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 5 of 24 
And we have been net cash ever since middle of FY '23, and now we are more than $500 million+ 
net cash.  
I won't go through these details. These are the governance details and what we are doing on CSR 
and ESG. So, that brings me to the end of the presentation, and we are happy to take questions 
now. 
Moderator:
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take our 
first question from Deven Sangoi from Tej Investments. Please go ahead. Sorry, since there is 
no response, we will move on to the next question from Rahil Dasani from MAPL. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahil Dasani:
First of all, congratulations on a good set of numbers. My list of questions was more around our 
offshore vessel segment particularly. I wanted to understand if you can share more about the 
OSV charter rate cycle that we are in right now. The understanding that I am getting is that there 
is a demand-supply gap, and the shipbuilding is slow, as well as the age of vessels in use already 
is high, which is even deepening that gap. So, if you can explain, where are we in this cycle 
currently? 
Rahul Sheth:
I will have to just give you a bit of background to this space. So, if you look at the offshore 
vessel sector, there are a large number of ships. There are about 3,000-odd ships. There are 500-
700 ships in what we call cold layup. So, they have not been operated for a long time because, 
as you know, the offshore space had gone through a downturn. These vessels, we don't count as 
part of the operational fleet because someone will have to spend a lot of money to get them back 
into operations. As of today, we have seen no movement on that. 
When you remove those ships from the fleet supply, we then calculate what is the utilization of 
the industry. The utilization of the ships currently are at about 65%-66%. It is called marketed 
utilization. Now, while that, in an absolute terms, may seem a bit low, for our industry, that is 
actually quite good. It doesn't mean that ships are not being used, but what happens is that 
offshore vessels are generally fixed for long-term contracts, and therefore, between contracts, 
there is a gap, right? While business is being negotiated or vessels are in dry dock being serviced. 
Also, in this business, there are many pockets of the market. So, unlike mainline shipping, the 
ships don't necessarily always move from one market to the other all the time because there is a 
cost of positioning. So, 65% is generally relatively healthy.  
The highest we have ever seen, and this goes back before 2015, probably 2012-2014, when the 
markets were the strongest, this utilization number would have been closer to maybe 70-72, 
something like that, right? So, if you look at it from where we have been at the peak levels, that 
is actually relatively on the higher side. 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 6 of 24 
Secondly, we have seen some small amount of ordering that has taken place in the last couple 
of years, but on an overall fleet, it is still very small. Technically, when you look at the order 
book, there is a published order book that has been, but it has been there for a very long period 
of time, and those ships have not really gotten delivered.  
So, we assume that, sometimes what happens is, people had ordered ships, but then the market 
had turned. People probably could not afford to take delivery of those ships. So, they are lying 
there somewhere. Many of these are orders sitting in China. So, it is quite opaque to know what 
is happening to those ships, whether those ships really exist.  
And as you can imagine, no ship-owners are really going to touch a ship probably lying half-
built somewhere 5 years later, right? Again, you need to be very confident in the market to spend 
that money to take for delivery. So, even the order book is very, very low, and because the order 
book is very low and has been low for the last multiple years, even the fleet age has crept up 
over the period of time. 
So, from a supply perspective, it is relatively constrained. We don't know what will happen on 
those 500-odd ships which are in cold storage. Like I said, they are unlikely to come back. Also, 
they will be relatively old. And as of now, the demand is holding, and so the utilization levels 
are quite strong, and that is reflected in the earnings. 
Rahil Dasani:
And if I were to just get more specific on this, post-'21, 2022, we saw charter rates doubling. Is 
that sort of growth still continuing, or has it slowed down, or even we are seeing a dip in growth 
somewhat in the charter rates? 
Rahul Sheth:
No. So, see, firstly, just to clarify on that growth, the charter rates were very low for a long 
period of time, right? Generally, you would have seen it in the results of Greatship. 
Rahil Dasani:
Yes. 
Rahul Sheth:
So, the doubling happens because the base was so low. Okay? Now, from these levels, it is not 
like as if these rates we can keep saying that, okay, they have doubled over five years, so they 
will double again and double again. That is not going to happen unless the numbers would be 
astronomical.  
All I can tell you is that over the last calendar year, about a year, year-and-a-half at least, since 
the rates have gone up a lot, they have broadly held up at these levels, and we have seen no dip. 
Again, pockets of the market reduce a bit, a little bit in utilization here and there, but broad story, 
they have held up. 
Rahil Dasani:
That is very clear. So, last one question before I get back to the queue. ONGC, Reliance, and 
Cairn have a lot of incoming projects. For example, ONGC has planned 10 development wells, 
as well as the PRP-9 project. Reliance has the KG-D6 block, plus the general offshore wind and 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 7 of 24 
the port construction demand. So, what sort of offshore vessels demand are we seeing across our 
set of vessels, like the PSV, MPV, OSV? If you can quantify it in number of vessels that we can 
expect from these few pockets of demand. 
Rahul Sheth:
Firstly, offshore wind, there is not much activity here. Secondly, on all these other oil projects, 
you have to remember that it takes a lot of time to develop all these projects out. Even we do not 
have any knowledge of how many more additional vessels will come up. All we can say is that 
the market is relatively well-balanced, and how it pans out over the next few years, frankly, is 
anyone's guess.  
You have to remember, even when they start drilling and when they start looking at these fields, 
a lot of the oil companies have to see how those fields develop, what potentials they see, or how 
much money they are willing to put in. I don't think those companies would also be in a position 
to give you a firm number of how many more additional ships will be required. 
Rahil Dasani:
And just to get a more general understanding, for example, the KG-D6 block of Reliance came 
in 2024. So, how long does it usually take for the demand for our sort of vessels to come in? 
Rahul Sheth:
We won't be able to comment on that. We won't have sufficient knowledge to comment on this. 
Rahil Dasani:
That was helpful. I have a few more questions. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator:
We will take our next question from Rajakumar Vaidyanathan from RK Invest. Please go ahead.  
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: I have two questions. The first question is for Shiv. Shiv, I am looking at your Slide 7, where 
you have given this return of capital employed, and so on and so forth. So, just allow me, just 
give me two minutes to explain the question. So, Shiv, if I look at your three drivers of your 
bottom line or the profitability, they are your core freight earnings, profit on sale of ships, and 
then your other income comprising of your interest income and then the FX gains, right? 
G. Shivakumar:
Yes. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: So, for a moment, if I back out your profit on sale of ships and the other income as well as the 
FX gain, your PBT comes to approximately INR 520 crores for the quarter, as against whatever 
INR 840 crores you have reported. So, if I take that as the numerator and then I am using your 
equity as your replacement cost, because you are giving the number based on the book value, 
which is whatever INR 1,000 approx. So, if you have to replace it with your NAV of 1,566, 
which is working out to almost INR 22,000 crores, so if I annualize, you guys are close to, you 
are making around 10% pre-tax return. 
G. Shivakumar:
Yes, see, the only thing is, in the INR 22,000 crores, then you will have to... 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 8 of 24 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: This is one part. So, I am looking at this way. Second thing, I know all your segments are firing 
well, crude, dry bulk, gas, all the freight earnings are doing really well based on whatever you 
have put out. So, even in this scenario, if you guys are making only 10% return on whatever the 
replacement cost basis, that is my thing.  
And my only worry is if all these tailwinds that you have in terms of a better asset market 
compared to your book values, then the rupee depreciation. Currently, it is a tailwind for you 
because you are holding more cash than loan. So, if that were to kind of negate, because rupee 
is already depreciated quite a bit, so you may not have this tailwind go forward. So, the question 
is, have we seen the best of earnings for Greatship as of now unless you guys really do something 
about the business in terms of acquiring more ships, and also you are dependent on the freight 
market? That is my question. 
G. Shivakumar:
So, couple of things. So, first of all, one adjustment I would make to the calculation. 
Fundamentally, I don't have a disagreement with the way you have approached it. But I would 
make one adjustment there. If you have taken out the other income, then you have to take out 
what results in other income, right? What you are trying to find out is, how much- 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Yes, I did that also, Shiv. So, basically, I removed the cash because I didn't have the cash number. 
Now that you told, it is about INR 500 million, so it is about INR 4,500 crores. So, if I back that 
out, your denominator is about INR 18,000 crores. So, even then your pre-tax is about 11%. 
From 10%, it moves to probably 11%. 
G. Shivakumar:
On a consolidated basis, we have INR 7,000 crores of net cash, which has to be taken out of 
there, which is INR 500 on the NAV. So, we are talking about INR 15,000 crores. Again, here 
and there, we can have 1% or 2%. We are talking of INR 15,000 crores, which is the market 
value of the sort of business, okay? Which is about where it is. It is about INR 14,000 crores if 
you just take the fleet values of shipping and offshore.  
And so what we are saying is that you are making, and the number you put, and let's just say that 
we annualize the INR 500 crores, which is about INR 2,000 crores. And you are somewhere. It 
is not 10%. It is maybe 12%-13%. Okay? But yes, it is true, because the prices are so high, you 
are not going to make a current yield on those, on the current high prices, which is also the reason 
why we are not investing today. If you are making significantly more, current yield on the ships 
at today's prices, we would be looking at investing more.  
So, the point you made is correct, and it is also showing why we are not really that keen to invest 
at today's prices. What can also happen, of course, is that INR 15,000 crores can drop off. If the 
market drops, that market value of that fleet can drop off. But yes, cash is a drag on the returns. 
And now let's look at the whole thing, right, including the cash. So, you look at INR 800 crores 
on the INR 22,000 crores number. And that is now bringing you closer to something which is 
not a very great return, which is being dragged down by cash.  

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 9 of 24 
Eventually, we hope that this cash will go from earning 3% in dollars, which is what we earn, to 
earning to a ship which earns more than 10% in dollars. And that is what we are waiting for. We 
are waiting for that opportunity. And yes, it is not a great situation to have so much of our balance 
sheet in cash, but hopefully it is temporary. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: So, in terms of the drivers, so I am just laboring on the same question, Shiv. Sorry about that. 
G. Shivakumar:
No, problem. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: So, I think, since the rupee depreciation is almost kind of close to its peak, so it would be kind 
of pertinent that you folks look at the cash, deploying the cash quickly so that the return ratios 
don't fall further. And again, it again depends on your core earnings as well because given the 
volatile markets, the shipping market is doing well today. So, if the markets have to turn for 
some reason, things stabilize, which everyone is hoping for, which everyone wants either way, 
but what I am saying is, you will lose all the tailwinds that you have currently today, all the three 
levers which is firing for you today, then if all of them have to turn down, then it will kind of 
suppress the earnings go forward. So, that is my only humble submission here. 
G. Shivakumar:
Yes. See, on a current yield, ships make a decent return. So, if we buy a ship today and earn 
today's earning at today's freight rates, you would probably make a 10% return on that $1 
invested. The worry is that five years ago, before this market went up, especially for the tankers, 
the ship, equivalent ship value was 40% to 50% below where it is today.  
Now, the question is whether you risk that drop in the asset price in the hope of making this 10% 
in current yield. That is the approach. That is the thing that we have decided that we will not do. 
So, in fact, we tend to buy when the current yield is very poor, because that is what gives you 
the capital appreciation later on. When the markets are weak, earnings are weak.  
You will remember that in 2018-19, we actually declared a loss, and that was because we bought 
ships when the market was very low, and we went out and bought even more. We levered up 
and bought. So, while it is tempting to convert some cash into an asset which is earning 10%+ 
return, that is not something that we are looking to do currently. 
Moderator:
Rajakumar, may I request you to join back the queue, please, as we have other participants 
waiting for their turn? 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Yes. 
Moderator:
We will take our next question from Siddharth Chauhan from 360 ONE Capital. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Chauhan:
I have two questions. Firstly, now we have net cash of INR 7,000 crores. And at what levels of 
cash, and obviously at these prices that you, as you rightly mentioned, you are not going to buy 
an asset. You are just going to replace an older asset with a newer one. So, then my question is 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 10 of 24 
that, what levels of cash would you start increasing, increase your dividend distribution to 
investors? That is my first question. 
G. Shivakumar:
So, we have increased our dividend distribution. Between last year and this year, we were at 
about 17%-18%. We are now little about 20%, probably closer to 25% for this year. So, that is 
one.  
The second is, actually, we have also dropped off a little bit in cash since then, because you 
would have seen we have done several transactions in the recent past. We have done some of 
these modernization transactions. So, we have actually dropped our net cash position in the last 
month or so in December. We are deploying some cash. And now whether Rs 7,000 cr is a 
threshold, or8,000, or 5,000, it is a matter of opinion. We believe that we can deploy this cash 
well in the next market downturn, and that is why we are retaining it. In the meantime, we are 
paying out what we think are very decent dividends. 
Siddharth Chauhan:
So, that means, in case if this cycle continues for, let's say, for the next two years, then we will 
actually build up our cash balances. This is what I understand. Is it right? 
G.Shivakumar:
Yes, build up our cash balances to the extent of what we are not able to invest in our 
modernization. We have been modernizing our fleet while we have not done capacity expansion. 
We have been selling our older vessels and buying some more modern vessels. So, yes, cash 
balances will build up to, till such time we believe that we may not be able to deploy the money 
profitably at a future cycle. But we are not close to that, not anywhere close to that. 
Siddharth Chauhan:
And secondly, any plans to invest in LNG fleet? Because you see a lot of LNG ships which are 
under shipbuilding and coming, and there is a huge supply which is going to come up in the next 
few years. What is your thought on that? 
Rahul Sheth :
So, see, the LNG business is very different. What happens is, a lot of these LNG ships, firstly, 
they are very expensive. So, you can't just buy one ship. They are right now currently for $250 
million a piece. You can't buy in the secondhand market. You have to buy new building. If you 
go for a couple, you are going to spend a substantial amount of your investable surplus just to 
do this business, which will take away from other businesses, right?  
Secondly, in LNG, what we have seen is the contracts are longer duration. They don't have the 
spot market as our traditional businesses. So, what happens is, when you buy such an expensive 
ship and you get 10-year contracts, generally they become project financing kind of returns. So, 
what at least as of now, we see that that building will provide sub-optimal returns from tanker, 
bulker, LPG. So, at the moment at least we are not going to even consider that business. 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 11 of 24 
Siddharth Chauhan:
Very well. Thanks a lot. And all the best. 
Moderator:
We will take our next question from Deven Sangoi from Tej Investments. Please go ahead. 
Deven? 
Deven Sangoi:
I have one question, that there has been a lot of news of late on the dark fleet on the crude tanker 
side, and various Europe, Russia-Ukraine, America, all are seizing this dark fleet. What is the 
impact on the freight rates, when such, this has been the problem for crude market for a long and 
large part of this crude, which was sanctioned, was moving through this fleet. So, how does it 
change the outlook in near and medium term, sir? 
Rahul Sheth:
So, we can at least tell you what has happened up until now. So, since the war, which has been 
about now almost four years, whenever the U.S. or Europe or the U.K. have sanctioned these 
ships, they have gone out of the international trading fleet. But at the same time, a large amount 
of the Russian trade has gone out. So, you have got something gone out from the demand side, 
you have got something gone out from the supply side. And so the sanctions, of course, has had 
an impact, but for us, the denominator, numerator have more or less moved together.  
Of course, there is a disruption of the Russian trade, where the inefficiencies of the trade, which 
we have explained before, has been a very large reason for the rise in the market. Now, the 
difference that we have seen over the last six months is that the sanctions have become a lot 
tighter, and because these sanctions have gone off not only on the vessels, but have also gone on 
people, have gone on refineries, you have got Nayara, which has been affected. You have got 
pressure coming from the U.S., even on India taking in more Russian oil. That has had a very 
big difference.  
And the main difference has been that earlier Russian crude was still moving. They used to 
export 3.5-odd million barrels before the war. They were doing that even during the war. 
However, in the last six months, we have seen that maybe 500,000-750,000 barrels per day of 
Russian crude is not being able to find a destination, largely because India is not taking that 
much crude. And because of that, eventually, oil needs to be, the refineries need to be, their 
demand needs to be met. 
So that 750,000-odd barrels has been met from the international trading fleet. And so there has 
been an increased demand from countries like Middle East, South America, which is largely 
Brazil and Guyana and those kind of countries, and that has lifted the market. So, if you have 
seen the last quarter, which is this quarter, October to December, and even as of January, the 
crude market has significantly risen based on this tightness. Now, how this all pans out over the 
next six months, nine months, is anyone's guess. 
We saw somewhere in the news, of course we don't have data on that, but we saw somewhere in 
the news that even Reliance is going to take another 150,000 of Russian barrels. So, how that is 
all working, frankly, we are not aware. 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 12 of 24 
Deven Sangoi:
And sir, today, VLCC new build and the second-hand price of less than five years, the difference 
is only 5% or less than 10%. And a lot of smart guys or smart operators globally are switching 
the second-hand or the older ship for the newer one. Do you plan to do anything as far as the 
crude is concerned? 
Rahul Sheth:
You mean switching? So, it just depends on what age you are switching from, right? So, if you 
are selling a 15-year-old tanker and you are buying a 10-year-old, 5-year-old, it is just based on 
the mathematics that we are doing.  
The view that we take also is that, if you buy a ship today, I think, I am not sure exactly how, 
the data point that you are referring to, but there are a lot of large owners that have done a lot of 
new building, right? And that new building comes over across multiple years, right?  
Now, they may be getting a new building because some of the older ship is going out, or they 
may be net expanding. Largely as an industry, there has not been a major expansion over the last 
few years. So, one would assume a lot of the older ships were coming off. But it is just a matter 
of choice, whether you would like to, like, say today, if you have got a ship that is old and we 
buy a new building ship, then that ship comes three years from now, right? 
Now, if that ship is coming three years from now, what will the charter rates be three years from 
now? If the bull cycle is currently present, and we don't know whether it will last six months, 
one year, two years, or three years, but the expectation is that if the market is strong now, better 
to get the earnings now, and therefore, the second-hand prices tend to rise disproportionately to 
the new building prices in a strong market and it tends to work the other way around in a weak 
market. Has that answered your question, or? 
Deven Sangoi:
Yes. Sir, last question, why is the scrapping, despite of more than 18 years fleet, both on all the 
sides, whether you take it dry bulk, wet bulk, or even crude, it is pretty high percentage what we 
have seen in last three decades, but the scrapping doesn't happen. What's your plan? 
Rahul Sheth:
So, basically what happens is, so see, whenever shipowner is coming to a survey, which, at the 
older end, it is every three years. You have to put in a lot of money to do pass the surveys. If you 
can make up the operating costs and the dry dock costs, and the markets are substantially stronger 
than that, then owners tend to pass the survey.  
There are certain protected trades, like, say, in the dry bulk trade, where you can sell. Maybe 
those trades are not available to people like us, but we can sell an old ship, players like us, to 
another player who has a protected trade and run a very old ship. The dry bulk fleet is not as old 
as the tanker fleet. In the tanker fleet, we have seen a large number of tankers land up in the 
sanction trades.  

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 13 of 24 
So, if you see the vessels that are carrying the Russian oil, a large percentage of them are the 
older tankers, you know? So, the market has to be conducive to support it. Eventually, products 
have to move, right? 
Deven Sangoi:
Right. 
G. Shivakumar:
And typically, people tend not to scrap. So, that is the main thing. When rates, if rates drop, then 
you will see ships getting taken out. 
Rahul Sheth:
See, because scrapping can happen for two reasons, right? One is that, ships do reach a particular 
life where beyond which it is difficult to trade. But we don't see 18-year-old ships really being 
scrapped. Now, between 21, 22, 23, you can play on the margin a bit. If the market is strong, the 
oil majors, the terminals, everyone will take the ship because no one wants a shortage of the 
ships. 
Moderator:
We will take our next question from Kirtan Mehta from Baroda BNP Paribas Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Kirtan Mehta:
I just wanted to understand your perspective in terms of the crude price has sort of jumped to 
around $70 level, indicating a potential sort of the risk on the Iranian barrels, as well as some of 
the disruptions in the U.S. From the shipping side or ship-crude ship tanker rate, are you also 
seeing similar risk getting priced into the shipping tanker market? 
G. Shivakumar:
Nothing has happened on freight rates related to this. So, this hasn't had an impact on freight 
rates. Obviously, it will be a big event for tanker markets, but nothing has happened. 
Rahul Sheth:
No, we have not seen really any correlation between the two. 
G. Shivakumar:
Or Iran risk. If Iran risk is getting priced into freight rate. Not yet. 
Rahul Sheth:
No, no, not yet. 
Kirtan Mehta:
Another question was about the cash that we have been managing. Are we seeing any signs of 
some of the markets opening up during FY '27? Any green shoots, early green shoots? 
Rahul Sheth:
Honestly, it is very difficult. As of today, the prices are not at our levels. But to make a forecast 
in FY '27, what those price levels will be is anyone's guess. 
Kirtan Mehta:
Probably the last question was about basically the way we show is that at a consol level, our 
stock price is probably around 25% discount to the underlying NAV. But if we adjust the cash 
from the NAV, which you mentioned it, around INR 500 per share, then, actually, the discount 
is much wider on the ship prices, which is a variable which could be probably of the order of 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 14 of 24 
40%-50%. So, is this more sort of reflecting the mid-cycle value of your shipping asset in your 
view? Or is it a discount to even the mid-cycle shipping value at this point? 
Rahul Sheth:
If it is 40% below, is that number correct? 
G. Shivakumar:
Yes, it is below the mid-cycle value. It is probably mid-cycle. 
Rahul Sheth:
Yes, it is probably mid-cycle. If it is 40%, then yes, then probably. 
Kirtan Mehta:
That's all from my side. 
Moderator:
We will take a follow-up question from Rahil Dasani from MAPL. Please go ahead. 
Rahil Dasani:
I wanted to pick up one of the points from your introduction. If you can share more into what 
you said about Saudi Aramco, them giving back the rigs two years back, and now they are 
procuring it again. It wasn't really clear for me. If you can explain it more better, is it only rigs 
or all offshore procurement had stopped two years back and now it is coming back again? If you 
can share more into that. 
Rahul Sheth:
Offshore procurement will be a very large topic. Calculating that entire data and as for share, 
that would be impossible.  
Rahil Dasani:
No, of course, what I mean is our set of vessels, AHTS or PSV. 
Rahul Sheth:
So, I mentioned to you earlier on the offshore utilization, right? Vessel utilization. So, I can 
share with you a similar statistic on the jack-up rigs, right? Again, on the market and without 
using the cold layup jack-up rigs, right? The utilization is about 85%, 84%, something like that, 
right? And the peak that we have seen historically is about 90%. So, that 5%-6% is the gap 
between where we are today and the top of the market in terms of the utilization. Now, that 5%-
6% on 440 rigs is only about 20-30 rigs, right? Thereabouts.  
So, we saw that Saudi Aramco had taken a large number of rigs pre-2024, and then there was 
some internal discussion, and they had a capacity, they had declared, that they would like to 
increase their max capacity of production from 12 million to 13 million barrels, which is why 
they have taken a large number of rigs. Then in Jan 2024, they said, "We are going to reduce 
this 13 to 12 million." That is why they released some of those rigs. I think they released about 
30-35 rigs, something like that.  
Now, what they have declared is that 12 million barrels and this, we have to remember, Saudi 
declares a max production capability. But in history, they have generally not produced, for a 
sustained period of time, more than about 10, 10.5 million barrels per day, okay? As of today, 
they have still kept their target of 12 million barrels. They have not increased it to 13. But the 
difference is that two years ago, they were physically producing 9 million barrels per day, okay? 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 15 of 24 
Today, they are producing 10-10.5 million barrels per day. One of the impacts of that has been 
on the crude tanker market because they are exporting a lot more oil.  
So, if you see how much Saudi Aramco has actually produced and exported over the last, frankly, 
15, 20 years, it is now close to its peak, which is 10-10.5 million. Now, maybe they could 
increase it a little bit more for short periods of time, but not sustainably. So, we are seeing the 
first green shoots in their change of policy, where they are saying, let us take 9 more additional 
jack-up rigs, which are going to be taken across the Calendar 2026. The exact timelines, as you 
can imagine, they don't declare it.  
But what happened to some of those rigs that they let off, they have this clause where they can 
suspend the rigs, but they don't eventually, they are not redelivering it to you, to the owner. The 
rates may be zero, but they are, like, on standby. They are waiting there. And they have given 
some notices to those owners to come back. So, 9 of those rigs are coming back, which increases 
the utilization by 2%. 
So, there are some green shoots in that market tightening further, but again, as you can imagine, 
how Saudi Aramco decides how to change its CapEx plans, that can change, those internal 
discussions, we can't be privy to. 
Rahil Dasani:
Of course. But in line to the procurement of the rigs, are we also seeing a proportionate 
procurement of other sort of vessels excluding the rigs in the offshore segment from Aramco? 
Rahul Sheth:
We didn't see the utilization of the offshore vessels actually coming off in the last two years. 
And that is mainly because the number of rigs you have, you need to have a proportionate 
number of vessels. That clearly is there. But even though the rig count came down, we didn't see 
the vessel count coming down, mainly because the vessels are also used for additional activities. 
They are already used on producing wells. They are also used to lay construction cables, 
pipelines, etc. There are a lot more activities happening in the sea. So, because of that, we didn't 
actually see those utilizations come off. 
Rahil Dasani:
And another thing is, how easy is it for a new incoming competitor or peer to buy these vessels 
and just start competing in tenders? Or is there some long approval process from the side of our 
customers, like ONGC or Reliance or Cairn, or some other complexities to enter this offshore 
segment and compete with us? 
Rahul Sheth:
The private charters, see, firstly, we have to depend on how much liquidity is there in the market 
to actually buy these ships. As we mentioned earlier, the order book has not been a lot. So, for 
the last 7-8 years, it is very difficult to get modern assets, right? So, the liquidity would be 
relatively low if you wanted to buy a lot of second-hand ships. Maybe you have to pay up the 
price. 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 16 of 24 
And secondly, a lot of the private charters, yes, in tender-driven businesses, generally, more peer 
participants can participate. But with private charters, there is a level at which operators prefer 
to work with owners who they know about, and there are sufficient owners with a long history 
where they don't have to maybe go to a new player because there is a shortage of supply, and the 
new owner has the vessels. And so, if that kind of situation arose, then it would be easier for the 
oil companies to say, "Okay, I don't have the ship. Let me go to new incumbent players.” But of 
course, new incumbent players can always come into the business. No one can stop them from 
that. It is not like as if there is such a barrier that they could not bid for those contracts at all. 
Rahil Dasani:
Of course. No, but from what I understand… 
Moderator:
Rahil, I request you to join back the queue, please. 
Rahul Sheth:
It is fine. Let him just finish this question. I think he just had a leading question. 
Rahil Dasani:
So, the understanding that I got from the marine insurance industry is that usually to enter these 
sort of customers, like ONGC, like Cairn, like Reliance, the tender requirements, the tender 
requires a time limit or contract period of experience of a similar contract of maybe 3 to 4 years. 
Is that the right understanding? Or is that… 
Rahul Sheth:
That is right. You need certain amount of experience. Correct. That is correct. 
G. Shivakumar:
Or you need a partner who will provide that experience. If you are completely new, you need a 
partner who will… 
Rahul Sheth:
Tie up with you to give you that experience. But even on the jack-up rigs, right? Even if you are 
tendering into the ONGC contract or even if you are tendering into some other place in the world, 
it is not as simple because what happens is, those rigs have to sit on the seabed, and there are a 
lot of additional equipment, the design of the rig, etc., etc. Those adjustments need to be made. 
They can happen, but they happen at a cost and a time. 
So, there are certain barriers to moving. And therefore, someone who's already in that region 
could be slightly more competitive than a new person who wants to enter. And if you go to 
countries like Malaysia, Kuwait, or these other countries, then they have local partner rules. So, 
you have to look at those also aspects. Nothing is impossible, but they all come up with its own 
risk, its own cost. 
Rahil Dasani:
Perfect, sir, this helps me out a lot. 
Moderator:
We will take some text questions. There is a question from Harsh C, an individual investor: 
What's the spot versus time charter breakdown for shipping segments? What were segment-wise 
TCE, and how do they compare to average/bench segment earnings during the quarter? Basis 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 17 of 24 
last quarter's call, understand short-term contract for one rig was ending in Q4 FY '26, has a new 
contract been arranged for same? 
G. Shivakumar:
Typically on the shipping segments, we have about between 15% and 20% of the capacity on 
time charter. This is a normal situation in each of the sectors, which is products and dry bulk. In 
crude, we are 100% on spot currently. In LPG, we are 100%. In the last quarter, we were 100% 
on time charter. The segment-wise TC compares well with the benchmarks.  
We are in line with what most of our peers in international markets are earning, because these 
are pretty transparent markets. Sometimes you get the advantage of good timing, and sometimes 
you are unlucky. But we are more or less in line with the international peers.  
And yes, the short-term contract of the Greatdrill Chetna is scheduled to get over in end 
February. We are in discussions with customers and potential customers on the next contract, 
but we have not yet tied up anything yet. So, hopefully we will tie up something on that soon. 
Moderator:
Next question is from Amit Khetan from Laburnum Capital. The question is, the strength in the 
crude tanker markets is not yet reflected in the product tanker markets going by our realized 
rates. If the crude segment continues to be strong, will there be increased switching of vessels 
from product to crude thereby tightening the market for the former? 
G. Shivakumar:
Yes. The answer is yes, there will be increased switching. We have already seen switching in 
LR2s, which are the most common vessels to move between crude and product trade. So, there 
has been a significant amount of switching from LR2s to Aframax trade, which has now pushed 
up the LR2 rates as well, because then the LR2 market has tightened. The MRs don't switch so 
much, therefore that impact has not yet come on the MR tankers. But on the LR2, certainly the 
impact has come after the switching has happened. 
Moderator:
The next text question is from Rajakumar Vaidyanathan from RK Invest. The question is to Mr. 
Rahul. As the Financial Year '25-'26 comes to an end, what are the areas which has actually done 
ahead of your expectations? What are the areas/strategies that have gone behind or below your 
expectations? What are the plans regarding foraying into container segment? 
Rahul Sheth:
For FY '26, clearly the outperformance has been in the crude sector. You know, LPG has also 
surprised us to the upside, but we have been fixed on contracts. The charter rates that we fixed 
out have been very good, but the spot market continues to remain strong.  
Dry bulk, on the other hand, in the last quarter has been much stronger. We have been in the spot 
market, so we have been able to take advantage of that. Some of the data points, at least as of 
the beginning of the year, were pointing to a slightly weaker market, but the market has remained 
quite strong across the board for the Capes and the Sub-Capes.  

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 18 of 24 
On the container space, so as of now, we have no plans. The container markets, we can just share 
one interesting point, which we have not actually seen for a long period of time, is that the freight 
box rates, and that is the rate. So, the container business is slightly different from the traditional 
shipping businesses that we are in, where you have got liners. You have got the companies like 
MSC, Maersk, etc. And then you have got potential players like us. We are called tonnage 
providers. We give our ships to people like MSC and Maersk, and Maersk, MSC sell the box 
rates to companies like Amazon, et cetera, that want to move goods all across the world.  
So, we have seen those box rates come down substantially over the last year and the year before 
that. But we have seen that the rates that they are willing to pay the tonnage providers staying 
unusually strong, and that difference is probably at the highest differential we have seen over a 
long period of time. 
Now, whether the box rates will come up or whether the charter rates will come down again is 
anyone's guess. The fleet supply on the container side is very strong going forward. So, maybe, 
maybe, the tonnage rates come down and maybe the asset values of the tonnage, sectors come 
down. But yes, and yes, I think that's it. 
Moderator:
We have a live question from Vikram Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital. Mr. Suryavanshi, please 
go ahead with your question. 
Vikram Suryavanshi:
So, I am not sure whether you answered it, because my internet was on and off. So, particularly 
on offshore support vessel, we have seen good improvement and utilization of MPSSVs now I 
think is fully. Is that like a long-term contract we have got, and how is the outlook on this, I 
think, offshore vessel side, if you can give outlook? 
G. Shivakumar:
Yes. So, the MPSSVs are both fixed on short-term contracts. These are 6 to 9-month contracts. 
So, they have got that employment. The outlook, so Rahul mentioned earlier, the rates have gone 
up significantly from where they were, say, 3 years ago, and they continue to stay at those levels. 
They are pretty profitable.  
Again, this is not like a homogeneous market where you can say, "This is the rate for a mid-
sized PSV." It depends on the kind of business, which you are doing and the specific 
requirements of that job. So, the same vessel in two different businesses could earn as much as 
$3,000 a day more in earnings. But the market continues to be strong, and it continues to provide 
good profitability. 
Vikram Suryavanshi:
And how would be the renewals in gas segment coming up? 
G. Shivakumar:
So, we have one vessel. So, we have contracted to sell the Jag Vishnu. So, she's come off her 
contract. She is operating on, currently she is doing a spot voyage, and we will deliver her in the 
next month or two to the buyers. We have purchased a modern LPG ship, which has come with 
a contract attached, which goes till about a year from now.  

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 19 of 24 
We have two vessels, the Vasant and Virat, which come off contract within the next 6 months. 
We will see at that time whether we want to put them on time charters or whether we want to 
run them on the spot market. So, we haven't had any recent pricings, if that is what you are 
asking. 
Moderator:
We have a follow-up question from Rahil Dasani from MAPL. Please go ahead. 
Rahil Dasani:
Sir, considering the shortage, the supply-demand gap that we are seeing in the offshore segment, 
are we looking to aggressively expand in this segment? Or do you think that in the current market 
situation, it is not a good strategy to add offshore vessels? 
Rahul Sheth:
Offshore vessels, we will look at ships to buy. It does not necessarily mean we may go ahead 
with it, because in the offshore space, you have to be a bit careful of the type of ship. You know, 
one of the concerns, like I mentioned, that not many ships have really come and delivered 
between 2016 and today. So, by definition, you are going to buy a 10-year-old ship.  
Now, offshore vessels have also an age limit all across the world. In certain places, 15 years, in 
certain places, 21 years, mainly because they do vary. They are may be smaller ships than 
mainline shipping, but they have got more equipment on board, because the kind of activities 
they perform are far more complex. And because of those complex activities, and in the sensitive 
areas in which they operate, you cannot have any issues going wrong. Because the impact of 
that, from a safety angle, from a fire angle, from a damage angle, is very, very high.  
So, when we are looking at ships, and like I told you, the liquidity is not very high in this space. 
So, if we do look for ships, it has to be the correct price, it has to be the correct age, it has to be 
the correct specification, and it has to also be in the correct region. Because let's say someone is 
selling a ship in a region where the demand may be a bit lower, and I have to pay a lot of money 
to move it all the way to an area where the demand is better, that also adds up a lot to the costs.  
And in this business, it is not necessarily, in mainline shipping, ships are naturally moving from 
one place to the other. They are actually moving all across the world. In this business, in offshore, 
it is much less so. And so you need a lot of tick boxes to happen. But if we do see the opportunity, 
of course, we may look to buy a ship or two. But a lot has to be signed off. 
Rahil Dasani:
Makes sense. And just one last question from my side. I am a bit new to this industry, but I know 
that the last cycle peaked out in 2015-16. So, if I were to compare that cycle to our current cycle, 
where again, the rates have spiked, and I know the charter rates as of date are not close to what 
they were in 2014-15. But what led to that drop post 2015? Was it new ship building, or what 
was that reason? And how is the current timeline different to that, if at all it is? 
Rahul Sheth:
So, in 2014, offshore vessels are not too far off from those levels. But on the rigs, there is a 
bigger gap. Compared to that, in those days, the rig rates were substantially higher. But what 
exactly happened was that from, just to give you a bit of history, right? All the oil originally was 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 20 of 24 
onshore, and then over the years, onshore oil started plateauing. And so everyone moved 
offshore, and that is why we saw in the beginning of the 2000s, actually late 90s, 2000s, a lot of 
activity started building up for the offshore space because all the incremental oil, to meet the 
incremental demand, had to come from the offshore fields.  
But then there was another development, which was shale oil, and shale oil got produced in 
America. There was 0 barrels, broadly 0 barrels of oil being produced in America in 2000. And 
by 2014, there was 8 million barrels of oil being produced from those shale regions.  
Now, like I mentioned earlier, Saudi Aramco produces 10 million barrels. So, this was like a full 
Saudi Arabia coming up, all from onshore oil. Because they had so much more oil, the break-
evens were lower, it was easier to produce, right? A large part of the incremental demand from 
2014 till now came from onshore shale oil. 
And now what we are seeing is that a lot of shale oil is peaking out. And there was a theory that 
all the shale oil can come up in other countries, like UK, which was a failure, China, which was 
largely a failure, Argentina is largely a failure. We are seeing some barrels coming from 
Argentina, but it is like 100,000-200,000 barrels, nothing major.  
But over the last 10 years, they have not been able to produce that onshore oil. So, people have 
started realizing that you need now, meaning oil demand. Then there was again, a worry that oil 
demand will peak, which has clearly not happened, and we don't see that happening in the 
foreseeable future. And so, therefore, to meet this gap, you need oil again, and that oil is again 
coming back to offshore. 
Rahil Dasani:
A very broad question, but are we worried about the cycle fizzling out in the next two, three 
years, or this is a much more stable place that we believe we are in right now? 
Rahul Sheth:
Again, difficult to say. The way in 2014, Saudi Aramco changed its view, it happened overnight. 
So, these kind of events do tend to happen. Our business is dependent on a few major players in 
the world and how they look at demand. But at least on the offshore vessel front, I can tell you 
in FY '27, we are largely fixed out at these rates, at about 80% is our coverage. And most of our 
rigs also are covered for FY '28. 
Rahil Dasani:
Fair enough. That would be all from my end. 
Rahul Sheth:
The coverage is not as high as the offshore vessels, but we have got decent cover. 
Moderator:
We have a text question from Rajakumar Vaidyanathan from RK Invest. With the recent 
developments in Venezuela, do you see any upside for the Rigs market due to increased 
deployment or demand? 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 21 of 24 
Rahul Sheth:
This will take very long to assess. We don't know the condition of, this, Venezuela used to 
produce 3.5 million barrels. They are now producing, like, under 1 million barrels. All those 
wells, what conditions they are in, whether they are investable or not. 
Exxon actually made a statement saying that a lot of those fields are uninvestable. Because when 
you leave those kind of fields for long periods of time without taking care of them, there is a 
change of the geology below where you could have more gas and therefore it is more difficult 
to extract the oil out. 
And so, frankly, this, people have to go in the country, assess it, then see whether it is viable, 
and then only if they feel like it is viable, then only will they start asking for rigs. So, this could 
be a very long time away. 
Moderator:
There is one more text question from Harsh C, an individual investor. With increased 
geopolitical uncertainties, does the management plan to move from current 100% Indian-flagged 
fleet to a mixture of Indian plus other flags? Same for largely Korean, Japanese build vessels to 
more Chinese build in the tanker segment. 
G. Shivakumar:
Actually, it has nothing to do with geopolitical uncertainties. Sometimes for operational reasons, 
we have flown different flags. Our base fleet will continue to be Indian flag. So, for operational 
reasons, we may do other flags for a small part of our fleet. 
When it comes to where the ships are built, if it is a good quality ship built in a good quality 
yard, we have no preference specifically for any country or of country of build of the ship. So, 
what we are looking for is good quality ships at good quality prices, and we don't think of all of 
these other factors really. 
Moderator:
We have a live question from Shreyans Gathani from SG Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Gathani:
So, I had a question on how, just trying to understand how you take a decision between going 
on time charter or doing a spot rate on a ship, and is there a threshold IRR above which you just 
go time charter or just trying to understand the strategy? 
Rahul Sheth:
Honestly, it is quite complex. From our historical understanding, we have seen that you are better 
off in the spot market than the time charter market. Because what tends to happen is, let's just 
take Suezmaxes, right? You could fix out a vessel at $40,000 per day, and then the market does 
$60,000 even for a quarter, and it affects your breakevens for the charter rate for the entire period. 
And now, in a market, it is like the stock market, right? You don't know what the price is going 
to be tomorrow. You can take a view over a period of time, but on day-to-day fluctuations, prices 
can be up 10%, down 10%. It is difficult to say. 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 22 of 24 
But historically, it says that you are better off being spot, and that is the strategy we largely keep 
in mind. From a risk management perspective, and a bit of it is based on our own analysis, market 
view, etc., we do take time charter decisions, but we keep it on the margin.  
And as a business overall, you can take more time charter fixtures and be more financially 
leveraged, or you can be more spot market, and then take the volatility of the freight rates and 
financially be more conservative on the financial leverage, and that is the option we tend to 
prefer. 
Shreyans Gathani:
So, I am asking because as this cycle, as maybe it is coming to a very long period of a super 
cycle, maybe not as big, but if there is certain prices that we can just lock in at good rates, is that 
something that you look at or no? 
Rahul Sheth:
We do look at it, but remember, if, let's say, the spot market on Suezmaxes could do $60,000 or 
$70,000 and you are fixing for a year, you have to take a much lower rate to get that. So, the 
cover that you are getting is not coming free of risk, right? So, it may look good on paper that I 
have taken a cover for a year, but I have given up a lot of upfront earnings. And the longer I go, 
the more steeper backwardation I need to take. So, sometimes it is actually better not to take the 
cover, earn the earnings upfront, and take the volatility of the market when it comes. 
Shreyans Gathani:
That's helpful. That's all from my end. 
Moderator:
We will take a follow-up question from Rahil Dasani from MAPL. Please go ahead. 
Rahil Dasani:
I really hope this is my last question. I just wanted to get some understanding on the stimulation 
vessel. As of last year, the demand of these vessels were very high, and what the customers of 
these vessels have been doing is they are procuring PSVs and OSVs and upgrading them to the 
stimulation vessels. So, how are we looking at this market?  
Because I believe India, as of date, has only five of these, and two are not in a functioning state, 
if I can say that. So, are we trying to focus on this segment? Because I believe the charter rates 
here are very healthy, and so is the demand. 
Rahul Sheth:
So, we have got two vessels that are doing well stimulation work. But you remember, the well 
stimulation, like I said, the offshore market is very different from shipping. Because these vessels 
are very specific, you have to get into negotiation with companies like Schlumberger, 
Halliburton and those kind of companies. Then they work on a project. Sometimes the equipment 
for this well stimulation that they put on the ship, the equipment is theirs, it is not ours. But the 
equipment can cost more than the value of the ship, you know? And it takes like months for 
them to install it where your ship is being paid and they are not earning on that. So, they have to 
have the project. Then they will talk to players like us or others, who they value to be partners 
with. And then those projects come to fruition. It is not as simple to say, "Okay, there are two 
ships less, so the demand is not being met, therefore we have to get them.” 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 23 of 24 
G. Shivakumar:
So, we have been operating one of our vessels as a well stimulation vessel for the last 10 years 
plus. So, we have been in this market for quite some time. Another vessel went into this business 
last year. So, we are very much there when and because we are talking with these high-quality 
customers all the time, and of course, they are happy to deal with us as a high-quality service 
provider as well. When these opportunities come up, they are speaking with us as well. 
Rahil Dasani:
That's helpful. And sir, like you said in the earlier response, that vessels with the age of more 
than 15 years are being less preferred due to several reasons. And based on our fleet age that we 
have shared in our presentation, I guess the anchor holding tugs as well as the PSVs, as well as 
the MPVs, are aged north of 15 years. So, how is it affecting our ability to win contract from the 
likes of ONGC, Cairn, Reliance, et cetera? Or is it not as much of an issue for us? 
Rahul Sheth:
As of now, it is not an issue. You have seen it from the earnings, we have been able to suitably 
employ them. Charters will also take a view given that the market is aging, right? It is not like 
only we are aging and everyone else is not. If that was the case, then okay, fine, there could be 
a problem.  
But considering the whole industry is aging together, right, and we have very good relationships 
with all, ONGC, of course, government, but even some of the international private charters who 
can take any owner, we have very good relationships with them, even if our vessels are slightly 
on the older side. 
Rahil Dasani:
So, I guess it is more of a supply issue, and the preference would of course be more towards the 
younger vessels, if at all they are available. 
Rahul Sheth:
That is right. 
Rahil Dasani:
And on an average, considering the age of your offshore fleet, what is the optimum utilization 
you can achieve of the 365 days in a year? How many days does our fleet operate, and does it 
need more repairing or more docking time, or how does that work? 
Rahul Sheth:
No, the amount of extra repair time that it requires to a newer ship is on the margin. We keep 
our ships very well maintained, and we spend a lot of time and effort to make sure that we limit 
the downtime. And whenever the statutory surveys are taken, are undertaken, from an older, 
newer ship, there is very marginal difference in time, but we do spend a lot of money to ensure 
they are kept in good nick, so that during the period where they are operating, we have very, 
very limited downtime. 
Rahil Dasani:
That's the final last question for me. 
Moderator:
We have a text question from Vinay M. Significant free cash flow has been generated since your 
last share buyback. Why did you choose to issue dividends rather than create additional value 

The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
January 30, 2026 
Page 24 of 24 
for shareholders by more pursuing aggressive buybacks? This especially when buyback price 
could have easily been way below the NAV. 
G. Shivakumar:
So, we have chosen dividends because this is something that goes to every shareholder. 
Buybacks go to the shareholders who tender in the buyback. We have also had this issue in the 
last few years, where the tax treatment of the buyback has made it somewhat unviable as an 
option.  
So, it is something that is there in our minds at an appropriate price, just as we would like to buy 
ships at an appropriate price. We look at buybacks as a replacement for the capital allocation 
decision. If we can buy the stock with the underlying ships at a certain price, then that is how 
we compare buybacks themselves. So, it is not a way for returning cash. If we have to return 
cash to shareholders, it is by way of dividend. 
Moderator:
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shivakumar 
for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
G. Shivakumar:
Thank you, everyone. That was an interesting session. As always, the transcript will be up in a 
couple of days' time. We will also be posting the recording of this call. Our investor relations 
and corporate communication contacts are in our presentation. Please reach out if you want to 
meet to discuss anything further. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:
Thank you, sir. On behalf of the Great Eastern Shipping Company, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now exit the meeting. 
