 
 
AvenuesAI Limited 
(Formerly known as Infibeam Avenues Limited) 
Regd. Office: 28th Floor, GIFT Two Building, Block No. 56, Road-5C, Zone-5, GIFT CITY,  
Gandhinagar – 382 050, Gujarat, India CIN: L64203GJ2010PLC061366 
Tel: +91 79 67772204 | Fax: +91 79 67772205 | Email: ir@avenuesai.com | Website: www.avenuesai.com 
February 16, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Company Code No.: 539807 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Company Symbol: CCAVENUE 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and nine months ended  
December 31, 2025 
 
In compliance with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of the Investor/ Analyst conference call on financial performance of the 
Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025 conducted on Friday, February 13, 2026, 
after the meeting of Board of Directors, for your information and records.  
 
This transcript is also available on the website of the Company i.e. www.avenuesai.com. 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For, AvenuesAI Limited 
(Formerly known as Infibeam Avenues Limited) 
 
 
Shyamal Trivedi 
Sr. Vice President & Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
SHYAMAL 
TRIVEDI
Digitally signed by 
SHYAMAL TRIVEDI 
Date: 2026.02.16 
14:58:24 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“AvenuesAI Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VISHAL MEHTA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – AVENUESAI LIMITED 
MR. VISHWAS PATEL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – AVENUESAI LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL BHAGAT – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AVENUESAI LIMITED 
MR. B. RAVI – INDEPENDENT CONSULTANT AND 
ADVISOR CORPORATE AND FINANCIAL STRATEGY – 
AVENUESAI LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJAT GUPTA—GO INDIA ADVISORS LLP 

AvenuesAI Limited 
February 13, 2026 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to AvenuesAI Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an option for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajat Gupta from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, Mr. Gupta. 
Rajat Gupta 
Yes. Thank you, Neerav. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to AvenuesAI Limited 
earnings call to discuss the Q3 FY '26 results. We have on the call with us today, Mr. Vishal 
Mehta, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Vishwas Patel, Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer; and Mr. Sunil Bhagat, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Also joining us on the call today is Mr. B. Ravi, who is advising AvenuesAI on Corporate and 
Financial Strategy as an Independent Consultant. We must remind you that the discussion on 
today's call may include certain forward-looking statements and must be therefore viewed in 
conjunction with the risk that the company faces. 
 
I now request Mr. Vishal Mehta to take us through the company's business outlook and 
financial highlights, subsequent to which we'll open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Thank you, Rajat. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'd like to 
cover three important themes. First, our quarterly performance and how we think through 
growth and profitability. Second, I will explain the strategic structural evolution of AvenuesAI 
into an AI-native transaction infrastructure platform and why this shift materially expands our 
long-term growth opportunity. And third, I'd like to outline how our integrated ecosystem, 
which spans across Rediff, RediffOne, CCAvenue and Phronetic AI, how they all work 
together as a compounding flywheel and what investors should expect from us over the next 2 
years. 
 
Let me begin. This quarter represents a genuine inflection point for the company, not just 
because of strong financial performance, but because the architecture that we have been 
building over the past several years is now operating at a unified, scalable system. We 
delivered one of our strongest quarters to date with sustained growth in payment volumes, 
expanded profitability and accelerating platform integration. 
 
But more importantly, the strategic pillars we committed to scale, regulatory depth and AI 
integration as well as our ecosystem design are now converging into a visible competitive 
advantage. During the quarter, we completed our corporate rebranding to AvenuesAI Limited. 
This is not a cosmetic change. It's a structural evolution. 
 
We are no longer a payment gateway company. We are building an AI-native transaction 
infrastructure platform, which is full stack regulated, data-rich and compounding. As you all 
know, artificial intelligence is no longer an overlay for any system. For us, it is embedded 
across our routing, fraud detection, risk management, reconciliation, orchestration, customer 

AvenuesAI Limited 
February 13, 2026 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
engagement and decision automation. The AvenuesAI identity represents what we have 
already become an intelligence-driven financial infrastructure company anchored by 
CCAvenue and increasingly relevant in global markets. 
 
I want to share how we see our self-reinforcing flywheel. AvenuesAI operates as a closed-loop 
ecosystem where consumers will generate intent, businesses will transact and operate. AI 
orchestrates the decision, payments monetize every interaction and data will compound into an 
advantage for us. 
 
Every transaction makes the system smarter and every data point improves automation. Every 
improvement strengthens our retention. And this is just not a linear revenue model. This is a 
learning system. At the center of this flywheel sits RediffOne and CCAvenue, the operating 
system of our ecosystem. 
 
Let me talk about our integrated architecture here. On the consumer side, Rediff integrates 
identity, intent, engagement and increasingly financial participation. With a very large 
registered user base, UPI entry through a financial wellness positioning and an evolving AI 
native content layer, Rediff is becoming a meaningful consumer gateway for us. 
 
On the business side, RediffOne becomes the convergence layer, the AI native back office for 
SMEs, enterprises and institutions. It integrates communication, workflows, compliances and 
operational intelligence into a single environment. 
 
At the monetization core sits CCAvenue, the economic engine of our system. Its role is 
evolving from payment gateway to an AI-optimized financial execution layer, combining 
compliance, scale, orchestration and intelligence. And powering all of this is Phronetic AI, the 
invisible orchestrator in our system. 
 
We think of Phronetic not just as a stand-alone AI company. It is the brains of our ecosystem. 
It converts every data into an action, whether to approve, reject, whether to route or retry, 
whether to predict or prevent or whether to notify. It deploys agentic workflows across 
payments, operations, risk and compliance and customer communication. 
 
The outcome is somewhat measurable, which is lower customer acquisition cost, higher 
processing, improved approval rates, reduced operational friction and over time, structural 
margin expansion. I want to touch upon how the system compounds over time, consider a 
small business operating on RediffOne. 
 
It acquires customers using Rediff. It runs operations on RediffOne. It accepts payments via 
CCAvenue. It uses Phronetic agents to optimize pricing, reduce payment failures and automate 
reconciliation. As that business grows, payment volumes increase. As volume increases, our 
data intelligence improves. And as intelligence improves, automation increases. 
 
And we believe as automation increases, margins also expand. The switching cost moved 
beyond just contractual dependency and they become operationally existential. This, we 
believe, is the power of integration. Finally, we see a clear 2-year structural outcome. 
Consumer scale expanding via Rediff, business lock-in depending and deepening through 
RediffOne, predictable monetization compounding through CCAvenue and margin expansion 
over time through AI. 

AvenuesAI Limited 
February 13, 2026 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
 
This is not an incremental feature growth. This is a platform-level operating leverage. And we 
don't want to build a quarterly story. It's a compounding story. We believe very few companies 
operate simultaneously across consumers, merchants, regulated payment infrastructure and 
AI-driven orchestration. 
 
And even fewer still have them integrated into a closed-loop learning architecture, and that is 
the opportunity in front of us. And this quarter, for the first time, we are seeing the flywheel 
move as one system. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Vishwas for the operating details. Vishwas, over to you. 
Vishwas Patel: 
Thank you, Vishal. Good afternoon, everyone. This quarter has been an execution-driven 
quarter for our payments and platform businesses. While the strategic direction has been 
clearly articulated earlier, the focus over the last few months has been on converting that 
strategy into operating scale, regulatory readiness and monetizable infrastructure. Let me walk 
you through the key business developments. 
 
At the core, CCAvenue continues to scale steadily across merchant segments, supported by 
strong demand from large enterprises, utilities, telecom, travel, hospitality, etcetera. We are 
seeing higher share of credit card and large ticket transactions, increased participation from 
enterprise and institutional merchants, consistent onboarding across SMEs and cooperative 
banking networks. 
 
As discussed earlier, we are concisely prioritizing volume-led growth and absolute 
profitability over headline take rates. This approach is already delivering stronger cash flows 
and operating leverage even in a competitive pricing environment. 
 
This quarter was a particularly important from a regulatory capability perspective. We 
received our in-principle RBI license for issuing prepaid payment instruments, enabling us to 
launch wallets, store value products and prepaid solutions in the near future under the 
CCAvenue ecosystem. We secured the IFSCA approval at GIFT City, which will allow us to 
participate directly in cross-border payments, escrow services and international merchant 
acquiring. 
 
We also received the RBI authorization for off-line payment aggregation, extending our 
presence across physical merchants locations through POS-based networks. Importantly, most 
of these approvals are close to monetization and not long gestation initiatives. Our 
international payment business continued to gain traction. In the UAE and Saudi Arabia, the 
transaction volumes remain strong, supported by enterprise clients and platform integrations. 
 
In Oman, we are now working with multiple leading banks, expanding our role as a 
technology and payment infrastructure partner. GIFT City will provide us with a strategic base 
for U.S.-denominated settlements and cross-border flows, which we expect to scale 
meaningfully over the coming quarters. 
 
We remain confident that the international markets will contribute a growing share of net 
payment revenue over the medium term. A key focus this quarter was optimization in our AI-
led payment architecture. With the launch of CCAvenue CommerceAI and PayCentral.ai, we 
are enabling autonomous transaction initiated by verified AI agents and compliance-ready 

AvenuesAI Limited 
February 13, 2026 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
auditable payment execution. 
 
This is not positioned as a consumer feature rollout, but as a foundational infrastructure for 
enterprises, platforms and financial institutions that are preparing for AI-native workflows. 
We believe that the architecture will evolve gradually, but has the potential to boost a 
structural revenue stream over time alongside our traditional payment processing. 
 
On the consumer side, Rediffpay will continue to progress through regulatory and technical 
readiness. Our approach here is deliberately phased UPI and wallet capabilities will coexist. 
Focus is on financial wellness, low-cost distribution and brand land engagement. We are 
avoiding high burn acquisition strategies seen elsewhere in the ecosystem. 
 
The advantage we have in our existing user reach and integrated payment infrastructure, which 
allows us to scale responsibly. To summarize, this quarter reflects a strong execution in our 
core payment business, the completion of a broad defensible regulatory stack, the measured 
progress in AI-driven commerce and consumer platforms and a continued discipline around 
scale, profitability and risk management. 
 
Our BillAvenue platform continues to gain ground, particularly in semi-urban and rural 
markets. We processed millions of utilities, mobile recharges and bill payment transactions 
this quarter with agent-led adoption driving deeper financial inclusion. In parallel, ResAvenue 
is leveraging our AI-based tools to help hotels implement smart pricing and optimize 
occupancy rates. 
 
This quarter, our ResAvenue platform enabled hotel room bookings of 768,107 room nights at 
an average of 8,534 room nights a day, crossing over INR6,050 million for our 3,500-plus 
hotel properties. This not only strengthens our position in the hospitality sector, but also 
demonstrates how AI is becoming -- beginning to create tangible value across our merchant 
ecosystem. Early pilots in fraud detection, risk scoring and dynamic pricing are demonstrating 
how AI can improve merchant efficiency. Reduce costs and unlock incremental revenues. 
 
We remain focused on building trusted, compliant and intelligent payment infrastructure at 
scale while selectively investing in platforms that extend our long-term growth runway. With 
this, now I invite our CFO, Mr. Sunil Bhagat, to take you through the financial performance 
for this quarter. Over to you, Sunil bhai. 
Sunil Bhagat: 
Thank you, Vishwas sir. Good afternoon to everyone on the call. This quarter reflects 
consistent execution across our core payments business, supported by improving scale, stable 
operating costs and continued discipline on capital allocation. Our consolidated gross revenue 
for the quarter stood at INR2,381 crores, a growth of 122% year-over-year, driven primarily 
by higher payment volumes, a stronger contribution from enterprise merchants and continuous 
expansion across domestic and international markets. 
 
The consolidated net revenue stood at INR149 crores, a growth of 6% year-over-year 
reflecting steady monetization despite a competitive pricing environment and a higher mix of 
large ticket transactions. Our focus remains on absolute profitability and cash generation 
rather than headline take rate metrics. 
 
Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter came in at INR98 crores, an absolute growth of 25% year-

AvenuesAI Limited 
February 13, 2026 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
over-year, reflecting improved operating leverages as volumes scaled up. The EBITDA as a 
percentage of net revenue also jumped from 56% to 66% on a year-over-year basis. 
 
Our adjusted PAT stood at INR86 crores, a growth of 59% year-over-year, supported by cost 
control, stable credit cost and higher contribution from value-added services. Our PAT margin 
has also jumped from 39% to 58% -- even as we continue to invest in technology, regulatory 
readiness and platform development, our EBITDA and PAT margins remain healthy, 
demonstrating the resilience of our underlying business model. 
 
As discussed earlier, the quarter saw a higher share of credit card and enterprise-led volumes, 
which typically carry over -- carry lower take rates, but significantly higher absolute 
contribution. Our strategy is very clear that is prioritize volume-led customer acquisition and 
operating cost. 
 
We believe this approach creates a more durable earnings profile, particularly as scale 
continues to build across merchant and institutional segments. We continue to maintain a 
strong balance sheet with healthy cash flows from operations and low leverage. 
 
This financial flexibility allows us to fund investments in AI and platform infrastructure and 
selectively invest in growth initiatives such as Rediff without stressing returns on or liquidity. 
Our capital allocation remains measured and return driven. We have revised our full year 
guidance for financial year '26, as mentioned in Slide number 7. 
 
The upward revision in FY '26 guidance reflects a materially improved business outlook and 
stronger-than-anticipated operating momentum. Based on current trends in the transaction 
volumes, enterprise onboarding and international expansion, we remain confident in meeting 
and potentially exceeding our stated financial objectives while continuing to invest prudently 
in long-term growth engines. 
 
To conclude, this quarter demonstrates that scale and profitability are growing together. 
Margins remain resilient despite mix changes and our balance sheet strength positions us well 
for the next phase of growth. We remain focused on execution, efficiency and reinforcing the 
financial foundations of the business as we build for the future. 
 
With this, we'll now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Mohit Jain from DRChoksey. 
Mohit Jain: 
Sir, my first question is on PayCentral's opportunity. So sir, I tried to size PayCentral's 
opportunity by looking at India's retail digital payment, which is somewhere around INR900 
lakh crores. But I try to narrow it down to PG addressable segments like cards, UPI, net 
banking, B2B vendor, etcetera, which gives me an sizable market of around INR50 lakh 
crores. 
 
But within Infibeam own INR8 lakh to INR10 lakh crores TPV, I'm estimating 60% or 50% of 
automatable -- of it being automatable and assuming just a 5% adoption rate, I'm getting a 
figure of like INR300 crores to INR40,000 crores in terms of market size for PayCentral TPV. 
So is this the right way to think about PayCentral's addressable market and adoption potential? 
Over to you sir. 

AvenuesAI Limited 
February 13, 2026 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
Vishal Mehta: 
Thanks. Basically, this is Vishal. I'll take this question. So you're right, India is the largest 
real-time payment market. And the next value layer is intelligence on top of the rail. So what 
traditional aggregator would do is somewhat route transactions settle payments and manage 
reconciliations. But this AI payment agent, which is PayCentral, it cuts across all different 
payment aggregators. 
 
So it integrates within the MCPs of all different payment aggregators and not just CCAvenue. 
So it auto routes transactions for success probability. It predicts the fraud, it disputes, it 
optimizes all the checkout flows and it negotiates routing and settlement logic and automates 
all this merchant reconciliation and collections. So theoretically, the way to think about it is 
this payment is actually moving to a decision -- infrastructure decision layer. 
 
So in some ways, it becomes like an operating system for all money flows, and it's just not a 
pipe. Now with that said, the way we think about it internally is that, I mean, through UPI 
alone, imagine the number of transactions that India processes maybe INR300 lakh crores, 
whatever that number is. And there's a lot more through other mechanism. 
 
And I mean, in some ways, that intelligence layer will command a few bps of that flow, which 
is enormous. So I mean, theoretically, what we have seen is that the global pattern in this is 
somewhere this AI agents monetization, which is the PayCentral piece is somewhat that share 
of that bps that you would perhaps generate through this particular intelligence layers. 
 
And for that to work and the TAM to play out, you need to have open rays, which UPI does, 
which is completely interoperable and API-driven. You need to have massive scale with some 
margins because that is what will force this innovation to come through. And then this whole 
merchant digitization wave, which already has started, it's usually playing out. So in our 
thesis, where PayCentral sits is merchants don't manage payments. 
 
AI agents manage money flows end-to-end. And whoever owns this layer will control the 
merchant financial workflow, their whole credit insights, the transaction intelligence and the 
ecosystem control. And that is a far bigger price than a gateway margin. And so for us, it is 
somewhat -- it's competing to become that intelligence layer. And of course, that payment 
agents have to be adapted across. We believe it's only a matter of time. 
 
The adoption in the Airwave is significantly picking up, and that's what we'd like to play out. 
But to your point, I think the TAM that you're talking about just on the CCAvenue ecosystem 
that we think about is also pretty significant. The other good thing just so that you know is that 
when you use agents, traditionally, you will take a few minutes to close a transaction from 
intent to closure -- using agents, you can do it in seconds. 
 
So theoretically, when you think about closing a transaction, you will have to look at the 
product, look at the checkout, figure out how you essentially make that payment and then the 
payment routing comes back and then the confirmation comes through. 
 
And generally, what you would see is that -- and most companies, they optimize on how many 
less clicks would you need to make as a human to be able to close a transaction. As an agent, 
you can do it in a few seconds. It's far more sophisticated and much more controlled and the 
determinism also is very, very large in that. And a lot of protocols are being set out to be able 
to handle such a thing. 

AvenuesAI Limited 
February 13, 2026 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
 
So yes, I think -- to your point, I think the TAM is very large, but it will also be a function of 
adoption by many of the merchants. And we believe that consumer personal agents are any us 
coming up. So I think transferring that agent-to-agent protocol and using PayCentral as a 
payment agent becomes very fertile, if you come to think of it. 
Mohit Jain: 
Just a follow-up on this. So I understand that it's not just a PayCentral, it's not just about the 
transaction, but it's about controlling the entire merchant financial workflow, which you just 
mentioned. Again, so I know it is initial stage, but I just wanted to understand how do we 
monetize it, is it possible for you to tell the blended take rate, which we can get from this 
opportunity itself? Or it's very initial stage and it's very hard to tell this? 
Vishal Mehta: 
No, it's not hard to tell. I will tell you, generally, payment gateway as a business is not going 
to go away. You still require the regulatory approvals and so on and so forth to come in. But 
when you actually give it to an agent, agent will also start earning bps on transactions. 
 
So theoretically, for someone whose payment -- I mean, I think one can imagine that very low 
single-digit bps across all the transaction volume is what the opportunity holds out to become. 
And we believe that, that's significant, if you come to think of it. So it will just add up into the 
margins and the bps. 
Mohit Jain: 
Okay. Just to clarify this low single digit or whatever it will be, it's an add-on to the earlier this 
which we were correcting from. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Correct. That is correct. Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Darshil Pandya from Finterest Capital. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Yes. So, I just wanted to understand one thing. With the offline PI license now in place, like 
you cover both online and physical payment flows. So should we view offline as a meaningful 
accelerator to your AI side or through this higher transaction density, which merchant level 
database will see something better? 
Vishal Mehta: 
So the question is that is offline going to help your AI strategy? Can you kindly repeat your 
question? 
Darshil Pandya: 
Yes, yes. 
Vishal Mehta: 
So I think, yes, I mean, we have the online PA license and now we also have the offline PA 
license. And I mean I don't want to use the word just a pipe because theoretically, offline 
payments is just a pipe that most offline merchants still have that basic pipe of QR scan, 
payment done. Less intelligence in pricing, routing, credit. I mean even if you come to think of 
it, all these collections and automations and cash off flow optimization, all of that is somewhat 
the missing layer. 
 
And so I mean, where the agent comes in, in the offline payments is that rather than just the 
merchant receiving money, the agent can actually handle the context of the transaction, which 
means that it can decide what option to use as a payment routing. It can maximize the success 
rate, detect fraud, identify all the unusual transaction sizes, personalize the transaction by 
triggering certain workflows and somewhat automate collections as well. 

AvenuesAI Limited 
February 13, 2026 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
 
So we think that -- I mean, if you come to think of it, India has more than 60 million-plus 
small merchants and the digital QR and one can create a massive opportunity for a system that 
sits between the merchant and the payment rail. And you can learn from every off-line 
transaction and improve the future decision automatically. That's the opportunity. 
 
So we think that -- if you come to think of this offline payment market, I mean, you can think 
of any influence transaction by the agent times the value which is unlocked is the opportunity 
somewhere. And that's far bigger than just the share of just the payment fees. So we think that 
this whole AI payment agent in some ways, turns every off-line payment transaction into a 
decision engine, effectively becoming somewhat a merchant financial operating system rather 
than just a pipe that moves money. Does this answer your question? 
Darshil Pandya: 
It does, it does. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pranav Mashruwala from Dolat Capital. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
One question was regarding the RediffOne. So how many merchants have we onboarded on 
RediffOne shifted to that platform? And how is the activity in terms of active transaction and 
adoption? So some color on that would be great. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Sure. So I mean, of course, we have publicly disclosed that somewhere RediffOne is the whole 
productivity suite of all these enterprise platforms. And they combine communication, 
commerce, business productivity software suites and in some ways, we target sovereignty by, 
in some ways, local data hosting advantages and air gapping it out so that you don't have to 
use any cloud system, if you come to think of it. 
 
And so the strategic performance that we think is what you talk about the installed base is 
there are more than 20,000-plus merchants already on the RediffOne system. And that -- the 
number of users of that is magnitude of that number, much, much larger. And so we think that, 
yes, I mean, it's growing fairly well for us, while we have not divulged the exact numbers. But 
the way to think of RediffOne's performance is not just as a stand-alone -- it is essentially just 
the foundational identity and a productivity layer in our ecosystem. 
 
So somewhat -- the strength lies in activating all the existing enterprises and consumer base 
and deepening the engagement and enabling the entire ecosystem with payments and AI 
services. And so I mean, for us, RediffOne is less about the short-term revenue and more 
about building the structural control layer that somewhat underpins our long-term 
monetization strategy, if that makes sense. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Sure, sure. So of course, we have like almost a 10 million-plus merchant base and most of -- 
I'm sure most of them are mid- to small scale as well. So typically, we -- how much would be 
the typical time line that you might be looking at in terms of onboarding more larger number 
of customers? And what kind of opportunity are you looking at in terms of onboarding more 
customers? 
Vishal Mehta: 
We think a reasonable number to go after for the next 12 to 18 months is at least high single-
digit to double-digit percentage of our base. And that's how we look at the opportunity so far. 
So we believe that given the touch points and given that they trust us with so many of their 
other transactions, I think that's a fair estimate to go after. But yes, it would be cool to have 1 

AvenuesAI Limited 
February 13, 2026 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
million merchants using RediffOne. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Absolutely. Just a few bookkeeping, if I may. What's led to this guidance upgrade? Is there 
some one-off revenue or something that we are expecting in this segment? 
Vishal Mehta: 
No, I think we've already reached our -- I mean, you know that we have -- for us, since 
payments becomes the intelligence layer and intelligence-driven area, we think that we've 
deliberately made investments in scale and data density. So I mean, payments are increasingly 
in some ways, intelligent service and maximizing transaction flow. So we -- if you look at our 
performance, we've reached the guidance that we had given for the last -- for this year in FY 
'26. 
 
So the upgrade is really a combination of our capacity to actually monetize and somewhat we 
have prioritized revenue growth and also the depth in our ecosystem. So we are positioning the 
platform to generally significantly give better value. And so it's -- we don't see this as a one-
off. We think that that's how we potentially look like and it somewhat reflects in terms of if 
you look at the last 3 quarters and our performance and if you look at the extrapolation of what 
it means for this quarter, we perhaps come down to our guidance numbers. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Just last one on mine. We usually used to share transaction processing value for various of our 
platforms. Just on the CCAvenues TPV, please, if possible. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes. If you look at the Slide number 15, you would see that, the value. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Deepesh Sancheti from Maanya Finance. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Okay. You mentioned AI reduced payment failures by 9% in Q3. How much of this 
improvement is structural and embedded versus a model-specific gain that could plateau? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Go ahead Vishwas. 
Vishwas Patel: 
So basically, AI is intelligent routing. So when we get a particular failure from a particular 
bank, right, and then we have the ability to route it through multiple other banks that we are 
working at in the back end. So intelligent AI-based system that we have implemented, which 
gauges on the success rate going down to as back as just the last 5 minutes, which calculates 
the best success rates, it can be intelligently routed through this thing. 
 
And this is not across just 1 or 2 options, but this is across 200-plus options that is there, right? 
And even if it's different cards that we have with 8 different banks and different systems, so 
this kind of -- this kind of -- this thing really helps in boosting success rates. Also, not only on 
the success rate, a lot of transactions were also being dropped because of the earlier negative 
databases and frauds and dropship locations and many other things. 
 
Now with AI, we have been able to do a very dynamic and real kind of a thing where we have 
been able to drop certain transactions where we see a fraud emerging in real time so that it 
does not go only for the real transaction. So success rates automatically gets improved when 
these guys are trying through multiple different modes and using different other fraud -- 
fraudulent numbers and cards, to stop it. So these will all help in boosting real transactions and 
other things that is there. 

AvenuesAI Limited 
February 13, 2026 
Page 11 of 15 
 
 
Vishal Mehta: 
To answer your question, I'll tell you, structurally, a lot of gains have already been accounted 
for in the system. For example, all these bank up times and all of that, that's already there. And 
I'm sure that it's improving by the day. So my expectation is that a lot of what you would see 
going forward is really this model gains that come through -- through all this -- the whole retry 
logics and the routings that Vishwas talked about and all this -- how do you handle all these 
timeouts and how do you essentially improve your somewhat scoring algorithms. 
 
And so I think my expectation is we haven't quantified -- it's a good question. We haven't 
quantified that yet because we always assume that structural gains are not going to be the 
largest contributing factor given that India is some of the finest payment rails out there. So -- 
and those are also -- I mean, whatever that structural gain would happen, they're somewhat 
slow to appear, but it's very hard to attribute. It's a good question. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
So we won't be able to tell what is the direct EBITDA or a net take impact of this reduction? 
Vishal Mehta: 
No, we can. The question was that are you seeing this -- what I understood your question to be 
is that are you able to get a better success rate based on structural changes or the model 
changes? 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Yes. 
Vishal Mehta: 
And what I was communicating was that, yes, there is an improvement. We can compute the 
EBITDA. But to quantify how much of that success rate improvement is from structural 
changes versus model changes is not an exercise we have undertaken. So what I mean by that 
is that, I mean, did that come because we have a better bank uptime? -- or some enhancements 
that maybe the payment race has gone through or some latency issues in the network that have 
been identified and cleaned up or whether it was a better authentication flow for the client. 
 
So those are somewhat more structural, but we think it's somewhat model-driven. That's what 
I meant. Because what Vishwas said is right, which is we've configured our framework to 
include with all the AI and optimizations that we have put in that it's much smarter routing and 
retry logics and all this time out handling and other capabilities that improve and all the fraud 
scoring improvements that we have made that would have contributed to the largest portion of 
that improvement in success rate. And that's what we have thought attributed to that 
improvement. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
You state that switching costs become existential, not contractual. What percentage of revenue 
today comes from customers where payment, compliance and workflows are all embedded 
inside RediffOne, making switching operational in feasible? 
Vishal Mehta: 
I mean, come to think of it, there's a lot of -- RediffOne has many productivity suites. And if 
you come to think of it, once you offer more than one service, the switching cost somewhat 
exponentially goes higher. And the moment you are handling a lot more data and data 
patterns. And then if you're also figuring out how to -- in some ways, that cost of actually 
moving all that data and being able to serve becomes slightly higher. 
 
So once you have a flywheel framework where you are able to offer to a particular client more 
than one service, we think that with somewhat -- and especially when you -- in the world of AI 
where data becomes the moat, and I'm sure one can argue synthetic data can also be produced, 

AvenuesAI Limited 
February 13, 2026 
Page 12 of 15 
 
 
but we think data is the moat. 
 
And if we have been able to utilize that data and offer those services to that merchant, the 
switching cost exponentially increases because it won't do everything that any other system, it 
may be very good, but it won't be able to provide the same level of efficiency that a system 
that utilizes data and provides all these AI prompts to be able to offer to you with all the 
learnings. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhwani Chanda from Altis Financial Partners. 
Dhwani Chanda: 
So you've added multiple layers like agentic payments, offline PPIs, cross-border, UPI and AI 
orchestration. So how do you prevent organization and product complexity from diluting focus 
before the flywheel economics fully kick in? Hello? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes. So the question is that -- I mean, of course, the 2 brands that we have right now is 
CCAvenue and Rediff. And the core for us is payments. So I mean, if the question is that are 
you focusing on too many areas? I think these are all related areas. And that somewhat 
completes our flywheel, the one that we have set out to architect. 
 
So we think the focus will continue being that. And we have an orchestration layer using a lot 
of AI frameworks that can somewhat compound that opportunity for us, we believe. But yes, I 
mean, the things -- these are nomenclatures, but at the core, it's in some ways, productivity 
suites and payments, and that will always continue being our focus. 
Dhwani Chanda: 
Okay. So there are no set frameworks to prevent the complexity from diluting the focus. 
Vishal Mehta: 
No. I mean we think that all of these are somewhat naturally interweaved with each other. And 
I think that in some ways, it's convenience. So I mean, the focus for us is actually to make the 
ecosystem flywheel work. And these are important components of that. 
Dhwani Chanda: 
All right. And my second question is what internal guardrails exist on the ROI? 
Vishal Mehta: 
In terms of our investments? 
Dhwani Chanda: 
Yes. 
Vishal Mehta: 
So you know that we've been appropriately conservative all the way from the beginning. And 
we forward invest and we want to know what that investment will end up looking like for us. 
And so I think we'll continue with the same philosophy, which is how do we make sure that 
what we are spending for that ROI is measured and managed and we are able to drive it. 
 
But see, our core principle, if you ask us, is that -- I mean, our guardrails is not about stopping 
investments. We just want to make sure that whatever we spend will help us in terms of 
advantage or some platform advantage, if not today, tomorrow. So our guardrails for ROI is 
not short-term thinking. We want to be an AI-first payments business. We want to evaluate 
what happens in the next 12 months because a lot of things are changing. 
 
And we want to track what is the margin on a transaction and how do we -- much like the 
success rate and the loss reductions and time reductions. And I mean, if we don't -- we won't 
take up an initiative, which won't improve our unit economics, if that makes sense. And that's 

AvenuesAI Limited 
February 13, 2026 
Page 13 of 15 
 
 
like the very short-term thought process because a lot of things are changing. But from a long-
term perspective, we have to think about merchant stickiness, pretty much what we talked 
about in terms of how do we essentially get the switching cost rather than contractual to make 
it slightly more existential. 
 
And how do we use data as a moat, which is how do we ensure that you are somewhat 
reducing the amount of effort. And then the long-term ROI thinking is really about where do 
we see the nonlinear scale. How do we ensure that we are bringing intelligence because AI is 
really intelligence? And if we don't have that monetization, it won't work. So for us, I mean, 
that future monetization is really the strategic ROI test for us. 
 
And we want to make sure that the ecosystem pull should always increase for us, which means 
that every new feature, everything that we do should increase the dependency of the merchant 
or the customer or increase the engagement that they have with us. And that's been our 
philosophy of thinking through ROI. I hope this answers your question. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amish Kanani from Knowise Investment Managers. 
Amish Kanani: 
Congrats on a good quarter on profitability terms. Sir, this quarter, we have seen quite a bit of 
interesting gross revenue growth versus a very muted net revenue growth and the net take rate 
is kind of halved from 11 bps to 6 bps. And I understand you have been saying the last few 
quarters that we are chasing absolute profitability and not the NPR. But net revenue growth of 
6% interestingly in this quarter has driven our EBITDA by 25% and profit at 6%. 
 
So the question is one, sir, if I simply difference the net revenue, it's grown by only INR8 
crores to INR9 crores versus EBITDA growing at INR20 crores. So one, if you can explain 
how this quarter has panned out in terms of operating leverage. And even our EBITDA has 
actually grown much more than the revenue in absolute terms. 
 
So if you can give us some sense of how is that we could extract more profitability at EBITDA 
level more than even net revenue. So if you can explain that because it definitely in this 
quarter, focusing on absolute profitability is burn off. So what kind of expense management 
that we have done? Or is there any one-off that was there last quarter, which is not this quarter, 
stuff like that? If you can explain that will be helpful. 
 
And in that context, sir, pardon me for my knowledge of payment system not being full proof. 
I wanted to understand if and when this UPI payment starts to become chargeable, does it help 
us or it kind of affects us at a structural level, if you can give us some sense of UPI payment 
being not charged as of now? -- lots of noise will become chargeable at some stage and some 
payment providers are saying you can't keep on subsidizing the infrastructure. So can you give 
us some sense of our business model versus this change if at all that happens, that will be 
really helpful. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Sure. Vishwas, do you want to take the UPI part and then I'll tell Sunil and I'll talk about the -- 
then take rate and the EBITDA piece. Yes. 
Vishwas Patel: 
So look, if and when UPI becomes chargeable, it's going to be beneficial to all the players, 
including us. Right now, MDR is at 0 right now for UPI, right? So the whole focus area is on 
all the other options that we have, other 199 options that we have to get the margins and to 

AvenuesAI Limited 
February 13, 2026 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
increase business on that front. But yes, of course, when the UPI becomes chargeable to even 
our offline and online, both can contribute significant margin if and where if the MDR ever 
comes in. 
 
So I, as a Chair of PCI also have been working with the finance ministry and other things. And 
hopefully, we are hopeful that some kind of MDR should come in, at least for large merchants 
as well as we are hoping that even the money that the Finance Ministry gives out every year to 
subvent all this UPI transaction also grow significantly. So that can be an additional one. 
Apart from that, Vishal to you. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Sure. So to your point, 2 things. One is net take rate has decreased, but you're saying that 
EBITDA as a percentage in the slide, it shows up to be a larger number as a percentage. So if I 
understand your question, why is that particular -- I mean... 
Amish Kanani: 
But net revenue is not down as much, but go down much more. And that explains... 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes. So the way to think about -- so for us, see, listen, as far as the net take rate is concerned, 
in absolute terms, you're right, we've actually -- the net take rate has gone down. But that's a 
deliberate investment in scale and data density for us because payments are increasingly a 
gateway to higher-value financial intelligence service. That's the way we want to architect the 
company and maximizing all these transaction flows today will strengthen what we look like 
in the long-term monetization. 
 
And so by prioritizing revenue growth that -- and some of the ecosystem depth in terms of 
usage, we think that positioning the platform to generate significantly higher lifetime value per 
merchant over time will be the right metrics for us to live with. And so I mean, it's less a 
position of our competitiveness in the industry and our efficiency and more about a strategic 
decision on getting to that scale and data density. 
 
Now if you look at the EBITDA numbers, EBITDA is basically a percentage of net revenue. 
And so as net revenue has increased from, say, about INR140 crores to INR148 crores, that 
INR8.5 crores, the EBITDA percentage is a percentage of net revenue. And so certain 
expenses, of course, have been more efficient -- you know that we have redeployed quite a bit 
in terms of how we want to scale and build out this company. It does not apply to us. It will 
apply for every company. 
 
There will be hiring freeze on many of the potential areas that can be automated using agents, 
a lot of manual tasks, reconciliations, onboarding, you would -- there will be -- and we believe 
that there is a significant shift happening even today because you would -- the kind of 
workforce that you would require in an AI-first framework is very different than what you 
would require in the past. 
 
And so you will see a significant change in terms of just the workforce mix. And while some 
of the large companies, you've been hearing lately in the news that there is a change, we also 
have a significant opportunity to upgrade and change the kind of opportunities. So the position 
that we think about is that anything which is manual, which is task-driven, where you just 
have to keep on doing the same thing over and over again, those -- all those activities will be 
taken over by task agents, and we're deploying that across all of our companies. 

AvenuesAI Limited 
February 13, 2026 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
 
Second is the orchestration piece where you would want to -- once that task has been defined 
and identified and you need to actually create workflows, there will be orchestration agents. I 
think that also is somewhat completely automated going forward. The real trick over here is 
this decision agents that will perhaps drive decisions. And you will see that over a period of 
time, you will see many companies become super efficient and leaner. 
 
So we think that, that's actually somewhat a margin expansion opportunity, but rather than 
thinking of it as reducing the workforce, and we would rather essentially upgrade the entire 
workforce and make sure that there's a natural transition to where we are versus where we 
would want to think of being. So you see some of that going on in terms of the overall size and 
scale of the opportunity. But yes, I mean, I think that from a take rate perspective, yes, since 
it's a percentage of the net revenue, that's why you see the percentages go in that direction, if 
that makes sense. 
Amish Kanani: 
Sure, sir. And sir, about upgrading the guidance, sir, if we do a required run rate for fourth 
quarter from the 9 months and to take the midpoint of the revised guidance, fourth quarter, we 
are quite conservative here. So the question one, I understand seasonally, third quarter is the 
best one. But even if I take the midpoint of our guidance and subtract the 3 quarters, then the 
run rate for even EBITDA and PAT is not even matching the second quarter, which is a 
normalized quarter. 
 
So the question is, one, are we conservative here? And should we optimistically at least 
assume that we should be hopefully on the higher side of the guidance? Or is there some 
seasonality which we have to keep in mind -- model our projection? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes. I think the midpoint of that guidance range would, of course, be achievable in our 
opinion. And we have been appropriately conservative. We would like to -- if we are doing -- 
and if we find that we are doing better and larger, which is reasonable to also assume we'll be 
investing more in branding, marketing and some of the other activities. So it's reasonable to 
assume that we'll end up somewhere in the midpoint. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kenil Mehta from Omkara Capital Private Limited. Please go 
ahead. Kenil, may I request you to unmute your line and proceed with your question, please? 
The line for the participant dropped. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that will be 
the last question. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Thank you all for joining our third quarter earnings call, and we look forward to keeping in 
touch and looking forward to building out a terrific strategy and a moat going forward using a 
lot of AI frameworks. So we will keep in touch and keep you updated. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Vishwas Patel: 
Thank you. 
