CIN No.: L24231GJ1998PLC034094
February 14, 2026
To,
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001
Scrip Code: 532967
To,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip ID - KIRIINDUS
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Submission of Transcript for Q3/9M-FY26 Earnings Conference call
In compliance with Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the Transcript of
Q3/9M-FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on Wednesday, February 11, 2026.
The Transcript of Q3/9M-FY26 Earnings Conference Call is also available on website of
the Company at www.kiriindustries.com.
You are kindly requested to take note of the same.
Thanking You,
Yours faithfully,
For Kiri Industries Limited
Suresh Gondalia
Company Secretary
M No. : F7306
Encl: As stated
GONDALIA 
SURESH 
SAVAJIBHAI
Digitally signed by GONDALIA SURESH SAVAJIBHAI 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=380015, st=GUJARAT, street=21, BHAVI 
APARTMENT, ,156 NEHRU PARK, ,AHMADABAD,VASTRAPUR ,380015, 
l=AHMADABAD, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=61ef2e945d9b4545361118485ed828d8e6a17a5394d0cc83
c0083d7fae6378bf, pseudonym=df3fa15041844632b83c6e37da8b7e34, 
2.5.4.20=2ffb8407a32dbc76dc1756ccf827b5ded85b5aad67c9ece0e2e2eb
8303f03eca, email=SURESH.GONDALIA@KIRIINDUSTRIES.COM, 
cn=GONDALIA SURESH SAVAJIBHAI 
Date: 2026.02.14 15:34:32 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18
Kiri Industries Limited
Q3 and Nine Months FY’26 Earnings Conference Call
February 11, 2026
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and Nine Months FY’26 Earnings
Conference Call of Kiri Industries Limited.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors.
Thank you and over to you ma’am.
Purvangi Jain:
Good morning everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from
Valorem Advisors. We represent investor relations of Kiri Industries Limited. On behalf of the
company I would like to thank you all the participating in the company’s earnings conference
call for the 3rd Quarter and nine months of the financial year 2026.
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements
made in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking
statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from
those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well as assumptions
made by and information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not
to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment
decisions. The purpose of today's earnings conference call is purely to educate and bring
awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review.
I would now like to introduce you to the management participating with us in the conference
call. We have with us Mr. Manish Kiri - Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Jayesh Hirani -
Vice President, Accounts and Finance, Mr. Suresh Gondalia - Company Secretary, and Mr. Ranjit
Singh Chugh, CEO, Indo Asia Copper Limited.
I would now request Mr. Manish Kiri to give us his opening remarks. Thank you and over to
you, sir.
Manish Kiri:
Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call for the 3rd Quarter
and nine months of the financial year 2026. I hope you are all keeping safe and well.

Page 2 of 18
Let me start first with giving you an update on the most important development that has
happened in our company in the last quarter, something which we have been waiting for more
than 10 years.
The last day of the quarter and of the calendar year brought with it a moment of profound
significance for the company and the group. On 31st December 2025, a date that will remain
recorded in our corporate history, the 11 year legal battle surrounding our DyStar shareholding
finally came to an end. With the Singapore court's decision culminating on this date, the
Receiver remitted USD 689.03 million to the company, including USD 603.80 million towards
the sale of shares and the additional amounts towards legal costs and discretionary payments.
This exceptional value realization is net of expenses and is accounted at approximately INR
5,854 crores, marks not only the closure of the longstanding dispute, but also the beginning of
a new strategic chapter. The timing of the resolution, arriving at the very close of the financial
quarter and the calendar year, provides a symbolic and practical reset, strengthening the
company's financial foundation as it enters the next phase of growth.
The quarter stands as a turning point, a period where resolution has strengthened the company
and expansion has become both possible and imminent. The board has deliberated extensively
on the utilization of these funds and believes that the most prudent and value-operative
approach is to prioritize investment in long-term strategic initiatives rather than declare
dividends at this stage. This was an important point I would like to highlight at the beginning of
my address. I understand that this has been a question and concern that many of our investors
have expressed to us, but I think it is very important to understand that the company has fought
this court battle without any external equity funding, and it has been a very long, tedious, and
expensive battle for the company. So we sincerely hope that everyone understands that the
first thing the company must do is to put the current state of affairs of the company in order,
improve the financial and operational health, and finally secure its future endeavors. Only after
these things are put in place can the company think of aspects like dividends and buybacks,
etc. Please also understand that as the promoter of the company, I have spent the maximum
amount of time and energy fighting this legal battle for the company. And yes, the easy and
most obvious way out would be to pay myself along with other shareholders the dividend, but
I support the board in its decision to first secure the future of the company. Hence, I would
sincerely request all participants today to refrain from asking questions regarding the same
topic as this decision is final and firm, taken by the board of the company after extensive
deliberations. As you know, the company has embarked on a large greenfield copper and
fertilizer project, which requires significant equity infusion, contingency buffers, and working
capital support during execution and ramp-up. In addition, the material capital gains tax liability
arising from the DyStar transaction is required to be discharged before March 15, 2026, and
the core dyes business will continue to require working capital support. Considering these
commitments and the transformational potential of the copper and fertilizer businesses, the
board believes that retaining earnings at this stage is the best long-term interest of the

Page 3 of 18
shareholders. Execution of the integrated copper and fertilizer project is well underway. Key
approvals, including environment clearances, have been received, and land acquisition is
substantially completed. Site development activities, including boundary walls, fencing, oil
testing, and initial civil works, are currently in progress. Major equipment orders for the rod
and tube plants have been placed, and advance payments released. Construction has already
started at site. Tata Consulting Engineers Limited has been appointed as the owner's engineers
to oversee detailed engineering and execution of the project. Raw material sourcing
arrangements covering over 4.8 million tonnes per annum of copper concentrate capacity
provide long-term supply visibility. The project is progressing in line with the internal timelines
and is expected to be a key long-term growth driver for the company.
Now, with that said, let me brief you on our financial performance and followed by an update
on operational highlights and our strategic updates:
On a standalone basis:
Revenue from operations for Q3 FY’26 stood at INR 162 crores, registering a year-on-year
growth of 3%. However, the company reported an EBITDA of INR 58 crores, on account of
dividend income and reimbursement of legal costs. For the nine-month period ended FY’26,
standalone revenue from operations stood at INR 537 crores, reflecting 14% year-on-year
growth and EBITDA of INR 65 crores during the period.
On a consolidated basis:
Revenue from operations for Q3 FY’26 stood at INR 174 crores. Revenues declined sequentially
in line with the standalone business, reflecting lower volumes and subdued demand conditions
across global markets. At the operating level, the company reported a consolidated EBITDA of
INR 53 crores on account of dividend income and reimbursement of legal costs. For the nine-
month period ended FY’26, consolidated revenue from operations stood at INR 589 crores,
registering a 10% year-on-year growth. During the period, the company reported a
consolidated EBITDA of INR 59 crores. During the quarter, profit after tax was significantly
impacted by an exceptional gain of INR 5,854 crores arising from the DyStar transaction. In
addition, profit was supported by positive contributions from associates and joint ventures.
On the operational front:
Dyes and dyes intermediate business continued to operate in a challenging environment during
the quarter, marked by subdued global demand and competitive pricing pressure across
selected product ranges. The company maintained a strong focus on operational discipline,
cost control and working capital efficiency, prioritizing margin protection over volume led
growth. Input cost volatility and limited pricing flexibility continued to impact margins. In
response, the company adopted a selective approach to production and order execution,

Page 4 of 18
optimized product mix, and continued to drive efficiency improvements across its
manufacturing operations. The joint venture Lonsen Kiri continued to deliver healthy
operational and financial performance during the quarter. Improved capacity utilization and
steady domestic demand supported strong profitability, contributing positively to consolidated
results of both Q3 FY’26 and nine months period.
In summary:
As FY’26 marks a defining phase for Kiri Industries, while near-term operating conditions
remain challenging, the resolution of the DyStar matter has significantly strengthened the
company's financial position and strategic flexibility. We remain focused on operational
discipline, prudent capital allocation, and disciplined execution of the copper and fertilizer
projects, which are expected to drive long-term value creation. We appreciate the continued
trust and patience of shareholders. As discussed earlier, the proceeds from the DyStar
transaction are being deployed for long-term value creation, and therefore topics such as
dividends or share buybacks are not the focus at this stage. Accordingly, we would appreciate
if the questions on this conference call are focused on the company's current business
performance, its strategic directions, future expansions of our new and existing businesses as
well.
With that, we can now begin the question and answer session. Thank you very much.
Moderator:
Thank you. We will now begin with the question and answer session. Our first question comes
from the line of Yashwant Rajput from Nirmal Bang Securities. Please go ahead.
Yashwant Rajput:
Now my question is some part of expansion of copper plant was expected to start in 2026-
2027. When do you expect that to start and what is the revenue target from Indo Asia Copper
Ltd? When do you expect revenue coming from Indo Asia Copper Ltd?
Manish Kiri:
Yashwant ji thank you. We are on track as the earlier targets that we have set and we are
expecting the first phase to start operations on April 2027. 1st April that is the target date. It
may be a month earlier, but we are expecting the full first phase operational from April 2027
to March 2028 that is next year. That will generate the overall revenue of somewhere between
INR 20,000 crore to INR 25,000 crore. That is the expected top line from the first phase, which
is almost half of the total revenue which we are expecting on full operations. Thank you.
Yashwant Rajput:
And this will be both from copper and fertilizer both or you are just expecting this revenue from
copper only?
Manish Kiri:
This revenue is coming only from copper and the fertilizer revenue will start in 2028. The
current dates which are on track is the quarter from September to December 2028, where
fertilizer would be fully operational. All other facilities, precious metal refineries, all other parts

Page 5 of 18
of smelters, everything would be operational by that quarter. That is the timeline which we are
strictly following.
Yashwant Rajput:
And what EBITDA do you expect in this from copper plant, EBITDA margins. If you can throw
some light because it is the first year of operations so if you can throw some light on the
operations.
Manish Kiri:
So, 2027-28 Financial Year, we are expecting the EBITDA of at least INR 1200 crore to INR 1500
crore. Of course, once fully operational, part 2028-2029 and then 2029-2030. So, gradually the
EBITDA will ramp up year-on-year and within three to four years, the projected target EBITDA
to achieve is somewhere around INR 4,500 crores to INR 5,000 crores.
Yashwant Rajput:
Thank you sir. If I have some more questions I will come back.
Manish Kiri:
Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Harshit Gada from Robo Cap. Please go
ahead.
Harshit Gada:
Hello sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I just want to understand that how much CAPEX are
we going to incur in FY’27?
Manish Kiri:
So, FY’26-27 and FY’27-28. These two years, we would be deploying on CAPEX almost
somewhere close to INR 12,000 crores to INR 13,000 crores. That is the amount that would be
spent both on copper and fertilizer project together as combined.
Harshit Gada:
Okay, sir. Thank you. I will join back the queue for further questions.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kevin Gandhi from CapGrow Capital.
Please go ahead.
Kevin Gandhi:
Hello, sir. I hope I am audible.
Moderator:
Yes, please go ahead.
Manish Kiri:
Yes. Kevin. Please go ahead.
Kevin Gandhi:
Sir, my question was basically on the financial side. Basically, I just wanted to know what are
the pending warrants which promoters are yet to subscribe and how much amount of the total
warrants has already been received?

Page 6 of 18
Manish Kiri:
I think 5% warrants are still pending to get converted in April this year. And Suresh bhai, if you
can indicate the amount which is pending, I think it is only the part of the last warrants which
is pending, correct? What is that amount in case if you know right away?
Suresh Gondalia:
Hello. INR. 93 crores is pending.
Manish Kiri:
So, INR 93 crores is pending.
Kevin Gandhi:
INR 93 crores is pending. Also, sir, just one last question on the same. The PPT mentions that
we have already invested like INR 1000 crores of equity. Just wanted to know where the
amount comes from, the INR 1000 crores of equity has already been done.
Manish Kiri:
So, if you go back one and a half year, we borrowed USD 130 million as judgment funding. And
that was obtained from Singapore in our wholly-owned subsidiary, which was infused in the
project in India. And that USD 130 million, as soon as the DyStar proceeds are received in
January beginning, the entire loan was repaid. So, that allowed us to save one year. And that is
how we arranged by end of 2024, in fact, close to USD 130 million, like INR 1,100 crores, which
we have been infusing in the project over a period of last almost one year and four months. So,
that is how we could make progress on the project as well during this time. And that borrowing
is repaid as we speak today.
Kevin Gandhi:
Okay sir. So, that is basically the funding which you have taken from Singapore, right? USD 130
million?
Manish Kiri:
Yes. Correct
Kevin Gandhi:
Okay. So, sir, this is apart from the INR 9,000 crores funding, which we are going to take for
the project, approximately INR 13,000 crores project, INR 9,000 crores is something which we
are going to take into debt but this is apart from the INR 9,000 crores, which you are planning
in two years, right?
Manish Kiri:
So, this is the part of the total CAPEX. So, copper, fertilizer, related infrastructure, all put
together will cost us around INR 12,000 crores to INR 13,000 crores. And this INR 1,100 crore
is part of that project of the CAPEX and part of the equity which is being infused. Yes.
Kevin Gandhi:
Okay, sir. I will just join back the queue. Thank you.
Manish Kiri:
Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Manoj Bhura from Adinath Financial
Services. Please go ahead.
Manoj Bhura:
Manish Bhai, good morning. Hello. Am I audible?

Page 7 of 18
Manish Kiri:
Good morning, Manoj bhai.
Manoj Bhura:
Congratulations on the conclusion of the DyStar proceedings.
Manish Kiri:
Thank you very much. Thank you so much for your patience and thank you for your consistency
in every quarter. We will appreciate it.
Manoj Bhura:
My first question was regarding Makilala Mining Corporation. Any update on that? Because
16th is the date, 16th February is the date by which they have to decide on Sodor issue, Sodor
buyback. And 31st is the financial closure date for stake sale by Celsius Resources Limited. What
is your update? Are we in the phase to acquire some stake or some binding agreement for
copper offtake? Because production is stated to start in December’27. Exactly matching with
our timeline.
Manish Kiri:
Right. So we are right now in active discussion with Celsius, with Maharlika, with respect to
Makilala Mining. And there has been a lot of deliberations and back and forth on the term
sheets. We had also non-binding term sheet executed with them earlier. But now there are
other participants and other partners have also come, which is a good thing. And we are
expecting the conclusion in about a month's time. So we are hoping to participate there and
almost in the active state right now.
Manoj Bhura:
How much will be the financial stake in that? Can you just elaborate on that? How much we
will be spending, any guess or any amount?
Manish Kiri:
That has not been crystallized yet Manoj bhai but the stake which is under discussion will range
from somewhere around 20% to 40% in that range. That would be the stake that we are
working on right now.
Manoj Bhura:
My next question was
Manish Kiri:
The amount has not been crystallized yet, but the value of the mine as per the valuation, the
latest and which you can see from the Celsius
Manoj Bhura:
Yes, the DFS is there. Definitely feasibility study is there. I have seen that.
Manish Kiri:
Yes. Right. And that DFS. Yes. So you have seen the DFS. It is USD 780 million. Right? That is the
value.
Manoj Bhura:
Annual production from that mine is slated to be around 1 lakh tonne?
Manish Kiri:
1,20,000. Yes. 1,20,000 tonne of copper.

Page 8 of 18
Manoj Bhura:
1,20,000 annual production will be there, which is much more than what we have in Hindustan
Copper, which is approximately 25,000 tonne annually.
Manish Kiri:
Correct. Absolutely.
Manoj Bhura:
My second question was regarding financial closure for this fertilizer as well as this copper
plant. Have we reached any financial closure for that, for both the units?
Manish Kiri:
Not a full financial closure. We have not achieved the final financial closure yet. We are working
on it right now in active progress and the speed has already been expedited since the equity is
in place now. So we are expecting before the end of March, we should achieve the final
financial closure. We do have certain commitments from financial institutions, but we hope to
achieve financial closure in the next couple of months.
Manoj Bhura:
Manish bhai, one simple request I was making
Moderator:
Those were your two questions I would request
Manoj Bhura:
That is the last question. Please permit me. Manish bhai, my simple request was there. Indian
capital market is very robust. You could have taken money from the market. You should have
paid some dividend. Although you have asked everybody to refrain from saying on dividend
buyback, but still I cannot resist because all the shareholders are waiting and they have waited
for long.
Manish Kiri:
Right. I do not think the company has raised any money since 2010 from the market at all. But
Manoj bhai, your assessment is well taken. Let me address it in a pragmatic way. You know
very well that the company has not been able to grow for the last 15 years. If you go back in
the history, at least from 2011-12 onwards till now, we have not been able to grow ourselves.
So there is a backlog of growth which all of us have been facing for the 15 years. And I am sure
that the shareholders who have waited for 10 years and who have been waiting to see the
value creation in the company should be aligned with us or should be excited with us to see
now exponential and transformative growth that I have highlighted during this call. And that is
where we have embarked upon. So we are covering up 10, 15 years of gap in a huge upside
and multi-scale expansion which we have put all our efforts on. So if you appreciate that the
future of the company would be completely different from where it stands today. And not only
that, we are aligning ourselves with the growth of the country as well. When you look at the
sectors and the products that we have selected, all are falling in the critical metal, mineral, and
the requirements of the country itself. So if we do not do right now and wait for five years, we
might miss the sector which we have selected. So I think, I understand that the short-term
expectations on dividend could be there in the market. But as I mentioned, the company after
long deliberations and discussions, the board members, all of us decided to strengthen

Page 9 of 18
ourselves first. So that is where we are. And I hope you support going forward in the journey
of tremendous value creation which we can do.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Viraj Mahadeva from MoneyGrow. Please
go ahead.
Viraj Mahadeva:
Hi, sir. I am a little new to the company, but congratulations on the big monetization. Two
questions. One is, for the copper smelting plant, where do you plan to get the raw copper from,
smelt it?
Manish Kiri:
I think there are four countries who are major suppliers to India and we would get from those
which includes Chile, Peru, parts of Africa and Australia. So, I think these are the places where
the copper concentrate and copper ore supplies are based at. And we are in the process of
tying up our requirements with the miners in all these countries, which has been continuously
ongoing for almost last one year now.
Viraj Mahadeva:
Understood, sir. Any reason why getting into copper smelting? Is there a supply-demand
mismatch in the domestic country in copper smelting and hence you are looking to get into
that?
Manish Kiri:
Yes, that is correct. So we are less than half of our current requirement of 1.8 million tonne,
approximately to 2 million tonne of copper, which is going to increase to at least 3 million tonne
by 2030 on the conservative demand projections, the research reports, and we are significantly
lower in production compared to the consumption in the country.
Viraj Mahadeva:
So it would be an import substitute then?
Manish Kiri:
It is 100% import substitute and also the fertilizer which we are going to produce is 100% import
substitute. So everything going to be import substitutes which is going to come out of our
facilities.
Viraj Mahadeva:
Understood, sir. On the fertilizer front, my second question
Moderator:
Sorry to interrupt, Viraj. Please rejoin the queue. The next question comes from the line of
Buram Shetty Suresh from Buram's Financial. Please go ahead.
Buram Shetty Suresh:
Hello, sir. Good afternoon, Manish. I am from Andhra Pradesh.
Manish Kiri:
Good afternoon to you.
Buram Shetty Suresh:
Manish, sir, so many years. You remember, sir, I am part of so many conferences call.
Manish Kiri:
Yes.

Page 10 of 18
Buram Shetty Suresh:
Sir, I am waiting for so many years from the Kiri. Actually, we will win the case. Okay. These are
good things happening. But shareholders are not happy, sir. So many years, at least you can
think the shareholders' positions, sir. So many years waiting for, I have purchased around 700,
sir.
Manish Kiri:
See, we have deliberated exactly what you are asking. Today, also, if you go through the
detailed management note, which we have disclosed yesterday, and if you go through those
numbers, you would see that the entire objective of the company, as well as management, is
to embark to create shareholders value, right? And that is where the entire focus is for the next
three years. So you are right, along with you, we as promoters, principal shareholders, also all
of us have been waiting for creating a larger value for the company and its shareholders. So we
will definitely deliver. And we request you to have a long term view on the products that we
are embarking on.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Tanay Desai from 11H Advisors. Please go
ahead. Tanay, please go ahead with your question.
Tanay Desai:
Good morning, Mr. Kiri. Very nice to
Manish Kiri:
Good morning.
Tanay Desai:
Good morning. This is Tanay, individual investor from Ahmedabad.
Manish Kiri:
Welcome.
Tanay Desai:
Congratulations on the long-fought case and wishing you the best for the upcoming journey.
Sir, the first question that I had was with regard to what kind of senior management we have
planned to deploy across all these projects, both domestically as well as internationally, if you
can highlight that particular process. There has been a recent senior management reshuffle as
well. So what is the strategy going forward and what is the competency that we are building
into the company? And the second question, sir, is a more financial related question with
regard to the subsidiary structure of the company, particularly, sir, Claronex and whether the
projects will be executed from Claronex or from the India entity. That clarity would be very
helpful. Thank you.
Manish Kiri:
So let me address your second question first, where Claronex infused the initial capital and that
is the capital which we started with about one year and four months ago. So Claronex would
remain, continue to be a shareholder of Indo Asia Copper Limited, again, Claronex being the
wholly owned subsidiary of Kiri Industries Limited. And the rest of the equity, so beyond INR
1,100 crore, INR 1,300 crore, the rest of the equity is being infused directly from Kiri to Indo
Asia Copper Limited. So two principal shareholders would be there of Indo Asia Copper Limited.
One is Claronex, which is indirect shareholding of Kiri and direct shareholding from Kiri as well.

Page 11 of 18
So that is how IACL will remain wholly owned subsidiary of Kiri Industries Limited going
forward. Same does not apply to the fertilizer project, which is parked under Indo Asia Fertilizer
Limited and that fertilizer entity is going to be a wholly owned subsidiary directly under Kiri
Industries Limited India. So that is the second part for further clarification. Now, as far as the
management team is concerned, I have with me on call today, Mr. Ranjit Singhji Chugh, who is
the CEO of the business. And as we speak today, we have already started hiring senior
management team. And the project strength today, if I understand, and Chugh sir will highlight
more if you need further clarification, is more than 50 people only on the project side is already
there deployed. Second, we have taken TCE, Tata Consulting Engineers also on board. And they
also have added significant strength of technical experts on the project execution side and
engineering side as well. So both together on ground, you are seeing almost 100 people on the
project right now. The strength will continue to enhance month-on-month basis. So we are
expecting every month 50, 60, 70 people will keep joining. So that is how the total strength will
continue to expand over a period of next one year. And when you talk about the senior team,
the Chief Operating Officer of the company has already been hired. More than 25 years
experience in copper will be joining soon. CFO is already in place. CEO Chugh sir is already there.
And the Chief Commercial Officer, the search has been going on and the interviews have been
lined up. That also will be decided soon. So I think the critical top team would be in place in a
very short time. Majority are already on board as of today.
Tanay Desai:
Thank you so much, sir. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for the team to create a
historical market cap. So just on behalf of shareholders, if you can consider great governance
standards going ahead and possibly a big 4 auditor in the future that would really enhance
visibility in the eyes of both domestic and international investors, wish you and the team all
the best. Sir, keep it up. Thank you.
Manish Kiri:
Thank you so much.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sunil Nangalia from Arena Textiles and
Industries Limited. Please go ahead.
Sunil Nangalia:
Good morning, Manish ji.
Manish Kiri:
Good morning, Sunil bhai.
Sunil Nangalia:
Manish ji, I congratulate you on behalf of all the shareholders for winning legal case against
Longsheng for a long time. The company got huge money. The company got a huge money the
first time. And this is a very rare case in the Indian corporate culture. But sir, can you elaborate
what was the reason why the price came down from 780 to 450 within a span of 30 days? I
sincerely request your comments for the benefit of all the existing shareholders because what
I feel is this is a circular trading and you won the case as minority operation. But the way the
price has come down from 780 to 450 within a span of 30 days, that too after winning such a

Page 12 of 18
huge money, is really, I will say, is a minority operation against the retail shareholders. There
is somebody involved and he was very much active in circular trading and taking the prices
from 780 to 450 within a span of 30 days. I sincerely request you to please elaborate on this.
Manish Kiri:
Hold on Sunil bhai. Number one, it is not the management or company's business to manage
the share price. And whatever you are talking about, I have no idea on what is happening, not
happening, why share price. We are not in the business of share price management here. I
think you have misjudged and there is no point in raising any allegations either on the
management or anybody. We completely deny any allegations if you are trying to raise on
anything like that. There is nobody involved. There is nothing from the company side here. And
we are not in the business of the managing share price. Sorry, I would not need to answer your
question. Market is supreme. Whatever market decides is the price. We did our best. We got
money. Market did not like it. Market like it. Market likes our future plan. Market does not like
future plan. Market would reward the value at some date to everyone who creates value. It
could be 30 days. It could be 30 years. It could be three years. 30 days is not a measurement of
value creation or value destruction. Right? So I am sorry I disagree with the allegations you
have raised. I do not appreciate what you have just mentioned. There is no need for me to
answer any further. There are disclosures on the deployment of the funds, on the receipt of
the funds. Everything has been transparently shared with the shareholders. It is market which
decides whether the price goes up or down and nobody else. Neither I can answer your
questions. I do not think any of the shareholders will answer your questions. Go ahead.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bhavesh Khandelwal, an individual
investor. Please go ahead.
Bhavesh Khandelwal:
Yes, hi. So, sir, I wanted to check, is it close to around the further, I mean, I think close to around
INR 12,000 crores which we are planning to invest, right, in this copper side. So INR 5,600 crores
is like what we get. So what, how do we plan to get the remaining, is it through debt or if we
dilute the equity, what is the plan?
Manish Kiri:
In the form of borrowing. So it would be 70:30, 35:65, depending on the final financial closure,
would be the equity and debt ratio. And accordingly, the borrowing will take place.
Bhavesh Khandelwal:
Okay. And second thing, the second question is, so, I mean, I want you to take a little pinch of
salt. So copper is like slightly, I mean, it is a slightly tricky sector, right? Because, for example,
we talk about Sterlite copper, it is an environmental issue, people protest. Is it slightly risky? I
mean, of course, the rewards are too high as well. So just wanted to check because we already
fought a long battle. So wanted to know your thoughts that why we picked this sector and how
do we mitigate
Manish Kiri:
Sure. So the number one, as I addressed earlier, the selection of sector based on the future
demand, the requirement in the country, the home market, and the import replacement, 100%

Page 13 of 18
import replacement. So these are the rationale and the logic points because of which we are
entering into the sector. And that also after a lot of deliberation for a few years before deciding
into entering the sector. Number two, as you mentioned, copper being a volatile sector, but on
EHS side, environment and safety, the latest technology which we have adopted, the way we
are setting up the entire facility is zero liquid discharge and zero pollution. So every waste is
being converted into byproduct or used to make a value added products, let me put it this way.
So that is number one. Number two, the emission standards have been world’s best standard
that we have adopted to achieve in this facility. So and the entire project is operating or will be
operating on renewable energy without any coal handling, any coal at the site. So on a global
level, such kind of facility would be a very high standard and high level EHS following facility.
So from that point of view, and which is very critical and important point, we have ensured that
from environment compliance, from health and safety standards, we will achieve one of the
highest global performance standards here, that we have ensured. And accordingly, we have
selected our machineries, equipments, the technology, and whatever is the latest and best
available as of today.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Viraj Mahadeva from MoneyGrow. Please
go ahead.
Viraj Mahadeva:
Sir, sorry, picking up on my question earlier regarding the fertilizer business.
Manish Kiri:
Yes, Viraj.
Viraj Mahadeva:
So are there a lot of competitors in the field you are getting into? Because generally fertilizer
tends to be quite competitive, cyclical, and volatile.
Manish Kiri:
Right. So the logic of fertilizer here is the phosphatic fertilizer, which is DAP and NPK. On an
average, we import in the country around 8 million tonnes to 9 million tonnes per year. And
we would be making almost 1.1 million tonnes phosphatic fertilizer for replacing the imports.
So from that perspective, it becomes a domestic and the national requirement to sell and
having opportunity to sell within the country itself. In Gujarat, where the plant is located, the
consumption is somewhere around 600,000 tonnes to 700,000 tonnes a year, less than a
million. But it provides us an excellent base to distribute all across Saurashtra and South
Gujarat, covering a large part of that area. And fertilizer being a co-product for us, let me put
it, you know, a value-added product for us, because smelting generates waste acid called Spent
Sulfuric Acid. And Spent Sulfuric Acid is converted into phosphoric acid and then phosphoric
fertilizer. So this value chain is being captured here by converting waste into value-added
products. And that is how these both products are, to some extent, linked by using waste of
one as a raw material into the others. So that is how they both are connected.

Page 14 of 18
Viraj Mahadeva:
Understood, sir. And makes complete sense. Are there other players such as GNFC, etc, that
are setting up these capacities for import substitution? Or even after your capacity, will India
still be importing the balance?
Manish Kiri:
No, even after our capacity, India would still continue to import at least 7 million tonnes to 8
million tonnes. So, yes, there is still ample room.
Ranjit Singh Chugh:
May I speak?
Manish Kiri:
Yes.
Ranjit Singh Chugh:
Yes. Good afternoon, everybody. Good morning and good afternoon. This is Ranjit Singh Chugh.
As far as fertilizer is concerned, as of today, the only project which is coming up is from
Hindustan Zinc, which again, like us, have embarked upon converting the sulfuric acid, so
produced in smelting of zinc into fertilizer. Again, it is NPK. That plant will be operational
somewhere by this year-end, 2026 end. It will add around  7 lakhs to 8 lakhs. So, yes, Hindustan
Zinc is coming up. GNFC, as of now, has not announced any project that will come up. So, apart
from that, other serious players are still contemplating to add volumes. But nothing concrete
has come onto the horizon as of now.
Moderator:
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from the line of Kevin Gandhi from CapGrow Capital.
Please go ahead.
Kevin Gandhi:
Hello. Thanks for taking my question again. My question was again to Mr. Ranjit. Sir, just asking
about the copper plant. So, don’t you think Kiri might suffer from the overcapacity of copper
because many big houses are actually entering into the copper smelting? So, what is your view?
How do you see the situation? Thank you.
Ranjit Singh Chugh:
I mean, who all are entering into copper? Today, let me start again. Today, India is producing,
including Adani's production, at around 0.8 million or 8 lakh tonnes. Today's capacity, today's
requirement stands already Manish ji has said around 18 lakhs. And very conservative, in fact,
the market study which was done one and a half year, around two years back, which talked of
30 lakh tonnes or 3 million by 2030. That did not factor in the transformation which India is
going at present in the last one or two years in manufacturing of, I mean, in going into huge AI
data centers and manufacturing of chips. So, and both of these are high guzzlers of power. And
the moment we talk of power requirement, straightaway copper comes into play. I mean, in
each and every aspect of copper manufacturing, sorry, power requirement, copper comes into
play, whether it is transmission, whether it is storage, whether it is putting up transformers,
everything requires copper. And when we talk of any other player coming into the picture in
the next three years, yes, we know Aditya Birla Group is coming up with expansion, which will
be in tandem with us. I mean, they will also come into play by 2028 as we come into operation.
They are adding 0.4. So, right now, first phase, we are adding approximately cross-melting

Page 15 of 18
route around 0.35 to 0.35. But with scrap route, we are adding up to 0.5. So, even if we consider
0.5 here and 0.4 from Aditya Birla Group's copper plant, it will be 0.9. So, we will be at 1.7
million tonne by 2028. And by that time, our requirement, I am pretty confident would have
crossed 3 million, more than 3 million. But right now, if the studies are saying 3 million, let us
stick to 3 million as of now.
Kevin Gandhi:
Okay, sir, got it. Sir, just one last question on your, because I am actually new to this sector. So,
please. So, basically, 5 lakh tonne is what we are planning for copper smelting and another 5
lakh tonne which we are planning for, I guess, copper anodes and copper rods.
Ranjit Singh Chugh:
No, wait. We are planning 0.35 lakh from smelting route and 0.15 from secondary route. So,
the total copper LME grade copper production, we have embarked at 5 lakh tonnes as of now,
which is phase 1 of our plan. And out of that 5 lakh tonnes of copper, we will be converting in-
house to value-added products to the tune of 3.2 lakh tonnes, I mean, copper rods and copper
tubes, primarily. So, that comes around 3. Plus, if we add, when we add foil, which will be a
very small plant, 2,000 tonnes to 3,000 tonnes. So, around 3 lakh out of 5 lakh tonnes, 3 lakh
will get converted into value-added products. Balance 2 lakh will be sold as cathode in the
market as of now.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bharat Kumar from BKY. Please go ahead.
Bharat Kumar:
Sir, my question is, how positive we are in terms of getting the stake in the Celsius Mining
Company? And what is the backup plan do we have if everything does not go well?
Manish Kiri:
So, let me address your question, Manish Kiri here. See, the primary feedstock that we will be
receiving from Chile, Peru, and all other countries, would be more than a million tonnes. As of
today, out of our 1.2 million tonnes requirement of smelter, approximately 1 million tonnes is
the quantity indicative confirmation that we have already received from various miners in the
form of supplies. We have not invested either our equity. We do not plan to invest any of our
equity into any of these other mining projects. We would be just having off-take agreements
to purchase, correct? The Celsius or the Makilala mining, which was discussed, is an
opportunity that we are exploring as a first initiative to have some equity into a mining project,
right? where we can secure certain off-take on a much longer period and a little bit favourable
pricing. So, the dependency for the copper project is not on Celsius at all. It is only the addition
if it happens and when it happens. If it does not happen also, it does not affect our project at
all, zero, no impact at all.
Bharat Kumar:
Okay and sir my second question is on the existing business. Now, since the India-US trade deal
is done and the textile market should see improvement, do we see our existing business to
grow and make better profits, better margins?

Page 16 of 18
Manish Kiri:
Yes, because the entire legal cost is going to go away. So, our operational EBITDA would now
reflect quite positive earnings going forward and we hope to have good results on the
traditional and operating business as well for dyes and chemicals.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Yashwant Rajput from Nirmal Bang
Securities. Please go ahead. The participant has dropped off. We will move on to the next
question that comes from Tarun Kumar. Please go ahead.
Tarun Kumar:
Yes, hi. Good morning, sir. Am I audible?
Moderator:
Yes, you are.
Manish Kiri:
Yes, Tarun ji, please go ahead.
Tarun Kumar:
Congratulations, sir. So, sir, I have two questions. I heard somewhere in this call, you said first
phase is going live in April 2027. Is it right? Well, usually it takes three years to set up a copper
smelter. Can you elaborate?
Manish Kiri:
Yes, let me elaborate to you. We started embarking on the project end of 2024 or beginning of
2025. Let me clarify further, correct? And what we are doing right now by 2027, as Mr. Chugh
just mentioned, we would not only be smelting, but we would also be putting the value-added
finished products. So the first facilities to become operational in 2027, because delivery times
for the equipment and machineries are also earlier, would be all downstream products. And
those downstream products plants would start arriving to facility three, four months from now.
So it is quite on track that the downstream products will become operational by 2027 April and
actual smelter and fertilizer both need to start together in the same timeframe. That would
become operational by end of 2028 calendar year.
Tarun Kumar:
Okay. So next question, sir, is I read somewhere about Indo Asia copper Ltd participating in
some copper component PLI scheme. So is this first phase related to that only?
Manish Kiri:
So, as Mr. Chugh mentioned, there are three products. One is copper tube, copper rods, and
there would be copper foils as well, correct? Out of these three, copper tube has been
approved in PLI scheme, correct. And that will be the first plant which will be operational by
March, April.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Viraj Mahadeva from MoneyGrow. Please
go ahead.
Viraj Mahadeva:
Hi, sir. Back again. Thank you for your questions. Regarding the fertilizer business, you will be
building your own distribution pan India or are you looking to partner with incumbents in the
sector for supplying your NPK?

Page 17 of 18
Ranjit Singh Chugh:
No, we will build our own channel. And we have already planned on that count. This year, we
launch our branded product by trading it to start with trading. So we have three years lead time
to put our brand in the market. So this calendar year 2026, next calendar year 2027, and the
third calendar year 2028, we will be doing traded products. We will steadily go up. The plan
will be to, let us say, plan this year will be up to 1 lakh tonnes of traded products and only NPKs,
nothing else. Then we will move to maybe two next year and three, three to four, based upon
the response and based upon the speed with which we build our brand.
Viraj Mahadeva:
Well understood, sir. And lastly, do you see any execution risks in either of these two projects,
copper or fertilizers, whether in terms of technical know-how, whether in terms of committed
capital, whether in terms of permissions and regulations?
Ranjit Singh Chugh:
Permissions, etc all are clear and all are in line. There will not be any hiccup. Same goes for
technology also. Primarily, we have embarked upon the latest and the best technology. When
I say the latest, it means in the last 10 to 12 years, 80% of the production of copper smelting
has come from the technology which we have taken in the last 10 years. And luckily or unluckily,
in the last decade, the maximum smelters have become operational only in China, barring two
or three which have come just recently, one year or so, Indonesia and India. And that is where
we are on to. And as far as the financial closure is concerned, Manish Ji has already given a
clear line of thought that by March it will be completed. So, we do not see any reason that we
will be delayed or we will have some hiccups.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Govind Goyal, an individual investor.
Please go ahead.
Govind Goyal:
Congratulations to the team for such a successful completion of the long drawn battle with the
DyStar and Longsheng. Sir, my question is regarding the acquisition. Are we considering any
kind of acquisition of the companies like recycling kind of businesses which would complement
our existing business?
Ranjit Singh Chugh:
Not as of now. Presently, we are focusing on our smelter and the scrap within smelter
utilization. So, once those things are established, that could be an organic growth which we
can plan and look into.
Govind Goyal:
Okay. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vinu Gopal Chidurupa, an individual
investor. Please go ahead.
Vinu Gopal Chidurupa:
Hello. Good morning, sir.
Ranjit Singh Chugh:
Good morning.

Page 18 of 18
Vinu Gopal Chidurupa:
Any proposal, rights issue? Because fertilizer and its cost is INR 12,000 crores. Now, only you
have INR 6,000 crores in bank account. Hello.
Manish Kiri:
Hello.
Vinu Gopal Chidurupa:
Any rights issue proposal, sir?
Manish Kiri:
Can you hear me?
Vinu Gopal Chidurupa:
Hello. Any rights issue proposal, sir?
Manish Kiri:
Hello, can you hear me?
Vinu Gopal Chidurupa:
Yes. I think I have been put on hold. Any rights issue proposal Manish sir?
Manish Kiri:
No. No rights issue proposal. There will be no rights issue proposal. Nothing.
Vinu Gopal Chidurupa:
Am I audible? Hello. Am I audible?
Moderator:
Sir, you are audible. Please go ahead.
Manish Kiri:
I just mentioned few times earlier that we will be borrowing. The rest of the requirement would
be by taking loans and not by having any rights issue or anything.
Vinu Gopal Chidurupa:
Thank you. Thank you, sir.
Manish Kiri:
Yes.
Moderator:
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today. I would now like
to hand the conference over to the management for their closing remarks.
Manish Kiri:
Thank you all for participating in this Earnings Conference Call. I hope we were able to answer
your questions satisfactorily and at the same time offer insights into our business. If you have
any further questions or would like to know more about the company, please reach out to our
investor relations managers at Valorem Advisors. Thank you and wishing you all a great day
ahead. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kiri Industries Limited that concludes this
conference call, thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
