 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PFL/2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                   February 18, 2026 
 
 
To 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
               National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower 
 
 
               Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street,  
 
 
 
               Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
 
               Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500368 
 
 
               NSE Symbol: PATANJALI 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Ma’am, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY26 of Patanjali Foods Limited (“the 
Company’) 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated February 12, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 
read with Schedule III and Regulation 46 (2)(oa) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), as 
amended, please find attached transcript of the earnings conference call Q3 FY26 held on 
February 12, 2026.  
 
The aforesaid information will also be hosted on the website of the Company at 
www.patanjalifoods.com 
 
It is for your information and records please. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ramji Lal Gupta 
Company Secretary  
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ramji 
Lal 
Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Ramji Lal 
Gupta 
Date: 
2026.02.18 
18:16:36 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Patanjali Foods Limited Q3 FY-26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
E&OE: This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on February 12th, 2026, will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJEEV ASTHANA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
PATANJALI FOODS LIMITED  
MR. KUMAR RAJESH – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, PATANJALI FOODS LIMITED, 
MR. PRIYENDU JHA – INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
PATANJALI FOODS LIMITED  

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Patanjali Foods Limited Q3 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Strategic Growth Advisors. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
Before we proceed, this conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Asthana – CEO, Patanjali Foods Limited. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Thank you and good morning to everyone. A very warm welcome to Patanjali Foods Limited's 
call to discuss the results for the 3rd quarter and 9-months-ended FY26. I am joined by the 
company's CFO; Kumar Rajesh ji along with Mr. Priyendu Jha from the Investor Relations Team 
and our IR partner, Strategic Growth Advisors. We have uploaded the results collateral on the 
stock exchanges as well as the company's website for your reference.  
Let me begin by giving a quick snapshot of our financial performance. During the course of this 
call, we will be referring to standalone financials.  
During Q3 of FY26, the company delivered the highest ever revenue from operations of Rs. 
10,483.71 crores, registering year-on-year growth of 16.53%. The total EBITDA, excluding the 
exceptional items for the quarter, stood at Rs. 492.06 crores with a margin of 4.69%, while profit 
before tax was Rs. 364.54 crores, translating into a PBT margin of 3.46%. Please note, the impact 
of labour code during Q3 stood at Rs. 30.19 crores. This has been classified under the exceptional 
items.  
The company also delivered the highest ever revenue from operations for the 9 months of FY26, 
with reported revenue from operations amounting to Rs. 29,013.98 crores. The total EBITDA, 
excluding exceptional items for the period, was Rs. 1,429.56 crores, with a margin of 4.93%. 
Profit before tax stood at Rs. 1,118.24 crores, translating into a PBT margin of approximately 
3.84%. 
Let me now give an overview of the operating environment of Q3 FY26: 
Q3 FY26 was a period of transition and execution, largely influenced by the rollout of GST 2.0 
reforms. The months of September and October experienced temporary trade disruptions due to 
repricing actions, packaging updates, and operational adjustments. By November, inventory 
levels began to stabilize. During the quarter, we introduced higher grammage packs, revised 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
pricing to pass on the GST-related benefits to consumers. We anticipate a stronger volume 
recovery ahead, with the positive effects of GST rate reductions expected to become more 
evident in the upcoming quarters.  
The rural consumption continues to outperform urban demand for the seventh straight quarter. 
However, we are now seeing a robust rebound in the urban consumption as well, supported by 
rising disposable incomes, particularly benefiting the key food categories and the positive 
impacts from revised direct and indirect taxation measures. This quarter was also benefited from 
the festive season, with Diwali acting as a key demand catalyst across categories. Festive lead 
purchases were supported by positive consumer sentiment, while the GST-led price corrections 
improved affordability and further supported.  
On the cost front, the palm oil prices declined materially by 12.6% on a year-on-year basis, with 
a sequential moderation of 3.7% during the quarter. In December ‘25, the palm oil imports were 
down 20%, while soybean oil imports increased by 20.2%, reflecting a shift in the edible oil 
basket. Looking ahead, the pricing pressures are expected to persist amid tightening global 
vegetable oil supplies. Wheat prices remained range-bound, with no significant movement 
supported by comfortable supply levels in the physical markets. The government's intervention 
schemes continued to effectively cap price increases. During Q3, sugar prices stayed firm, while 
supply conditions remained comfortable, festive demand provided the price support.  
Let me now walk you through the segment-wise performance during Q3 of FY26: 
For the edible oil segment, the quarterly revenue stood at Rs. 7,335.71 crores, registering 8.98% 
year-on-year growth with EBITDA margin for the segment was 2.39%. The primary growth 
drivers in edible oil are branded oils such as Ruchi Gold, Mahakosh, and Sunrich. In the 9 months 
of FY26, each of these brands recorded double-digit growth in sales value. It is notable that 
nearly 85% of total edible oil sales now come from branded edible oils, driven by strong 
marketing initiatives and impactful brand endorsements.  
In Q3 FY26, the palm oil prices decreased considerably. India's palm oil imports fell to an 8-
month low in December, mainly due to seasonal demand and increased purchases of rival oils 
such as soya oil and sunflower oil. India's palm oil imports typically moderated during the winter 
months, as the tropical oil solidifies at lower temperatures, limiting its use in the northern parts 
of the country, and North India continues to be a strong area of preference.  
For the 9 months, our revenue stood at Rs. 20,989.43 crores, registering 16.55% year-on-year 
growth with EBITDA margin for the segment was 2.57%.  
For the oil palm plantation business, the segmental revenue stood at Rs. 418 crores (to be read 
as Rs. 416.23 crores), with a margin of 22.47% (to be read as 22.81%). For the 9 months FY26, 
the revenue were Rs. 1,610 crores (to be read as Rs. 1,607.33 crores) with an EBITDA margin 
of 21.53% (to be read as 21.60%). At the end of the calendar year, the area under cultivation 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
stood at 1,08,000 hectares (to be read as 1,08,164 hectors), with nearly 39% of plantation in 
prime yield years of 7 to 25 years.  
Coming to our FMCG segment: 
The quarterly revenue stood at Rs. 3,248 crores, reflecting 38.93% year-on-year growth and a 
sequential growth of 12.31%. In Q3FY26, EBITDA margin came at 10.88%.  
For the 9 months FY26, the revenue stood at Rs. 8,297 crores (to be read as Rs. 8,297.79 crores), 
with an EBITDA margin of 11.06%. The FMCG segment contributed 30.68% of revenues in Q3 
FY26, while contributing nearly 66.33% of EBITDA in Q3 of FY26.  
During the quarter, within the FMCG segment, biscuits reported revenue of Rs. 490 crores with 
a year-on-year growth of 26.4%. Doodh biscuits accounted for nearly 70% of biscuit sales. In 
the 9 months of FY26, the revenues from the biscuit brand Doodh surpassed FY25 levels with 
cumulative sales crossing Rs. 1,000 crores. The Nariyal biscuit continues to gain traction. 
Distribution is key in driving sales in this category. We are also strategizing on strengthening 
our reach in the southern region.  
Staple generated revenue of Rs. 1,255 crores (to be read as Rs. 1,255.67 crores), growing at 
68.70% year-on-year basis. This increment weighed upon our margin profile for the segment.  
The revised ghee strategy delivered encouraging results, with the category reporting a healthy 
performance driven by festive and winter season demand. The revenues stood at Rs. 467 crores 
(to be read as Rs 467.64 crores) in Q3 FY26, reflecting quarter-on-quarter growth of 21% and 
year-on-year growth of 46% (to be read as 46.50%).  
Within Nutraceuticals – the general nutrition showed increased customer acceptance. We have 
undertaken multiple targeted initiatives to further strengthen this category and expand its reach. 
Additionally, our Vaidya enrolment programme is progressing as planned, and we expect it to 
begin contributing meaningfully to the growth in the coming quarters.  
Our HPC category generated a total revenue of Rs. 627 crores (to be read as Rs. 627.52 crores) 
with dental care, leading the pack at Rs. 339.27 crores, followed by skin care at Rs. 155 crores 
(to be read as Rs. 155.74 crores), home care at Rs. 77 crores (to be read as Rs. 77.73 crores), and 
hair care and other products, generating revenue of Rs. 54.78 crores.  
We constantly evaluate our portfolio that resonates with Patanjali's ethos. In line with this 
philosophy, we introduced Date Almond Spread, Gond Katira, and Yellow Mustard Oil in the 
FMCG category. In the HPC category, we launched new variants across shampoos, soaps, 
detergents, and creams, which have received encouraging consumer response. The Kesh Kanti 
Saundarya product range continues to gain strong traction, reflecting increasing acceptance of 
Patanjali's premium offerings.  

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Distribution remains the core strength of our business, and we continue to focus on expanding 
our omni-channel reach. Over the last calendar year, we added an estimated 0.2 million to 0.25 
million new retail outlets and are now present at over 2 million retail outlets. We are also 
intensifying our efforts to strengthen distribution in our core markets to drive higher penetration 
throughout. In parallel, we are scaling our presence across modern trade, e-commerce, and quick 
commerce platforms with products available on Zepto, Big Basket, Amazon, JioMart, and other 
leading channels.  
Now commenting on the outlook: 
From a demand perspective, we are hopeful that at the end of FY26 could be strong, primarily 
supported by favorable macro tailwinds. The demand benefits are likely to accrue progressively 
over the coming months, supported by improved affordability, wider distribution, and a 
continued shift from unbranded to branded consumption. Together, these factors position the 
company well to capture the incremental demand and deliver a stronger performance in the 
coming quarters. Further, GST 2.0 reforms are likely to stimulate consumption over time. Urban 
demand is expected to strengthen in the coming quarters, aided by easing inflationary pressure 
and the positive impact of revised direct and indirect taxation measures, which should support 
discretionary spending. On the rural front, we anticipate sustained growth momentum, primarily 
supported by a healthy kharif output, moderating inflation, and continued support from the 
government welfare schemes that are enhancing disposable incomes. Together, these factors 
provide us with greater confidence in demand recovery and volume growth across categories. 
With this, I conclude my opening remarks and open the floor for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks. My first question is on biscuits, toothpaste and hair oil. If you could tell us in terms of 
GST pass-through, have you taken the grammage route or have you taken the price cut route? 
For example, biscuits, I think some regional players are still operating at Rs. 4.5 and 9 while the 
number one player transition fully to Rs. 5 and 10. I wanted to understand that for the three 
categories, what have you done, toothpaste, hair oil and biscuits. Thank you. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
To answer your question straight up, in biscuits we increased the grammage and in case of 
shampoo and hair oil, the price benefit was transferred through the pricing itself. 
Abneesh Roy: 
In terms of outlook, how do you expect toothpaste for example, last one year toothpaste 
competitive intensity, promotional intensity has been high and there is the LUP, the GST benefit 
also because 30%-40% for the industry leader at least is the LUP and they are adding back 
grammage there. If you could comment, how do you see toothpaste industry volume growth and 
competitive intensity in FY27 and Q4? 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So, competition is fairly intense, that is straightforward and it's pretty much since the growth is 
very limited, anywhere between 3% and 5% so that continues to grow stronger. Our dental care 
business has done exceedingly well. In the quarter, we did nearly Rs. 340 crores of business in 
the dental care and we continue to gain quite substantial growth. If I were to compare the dental 
care versus the last year, Q3 versus Q3 of last year, it's almost Rs. 116 crores. This momentum 
is driven by two counts. One is the multiple variants that we used, the new brand ambassadors 
that we got, the packaging changes, some of that which were introduced and very strong traction 
that we have in B and C towns as well as the rural areas. So that has been a very redeeming 
feature. And while the market overall, the category may continue to grow between 3% and 5%, 
our target clearly is that we want to exceed 15% is what we have set on the overall basis as a 
growth objective for HPC and on a fully annualized basis. I mean, this will take us what we have 
said that will take 18 months to take the benefit of the margins as well as the growth. But I am 
pretty confident that we showed the time that we took over the business. We should be pretty 
much close to 15% growth rate from that time. 
Abneesh Roy: 
That's all from me. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Abhishek Mathur from Systematics. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
Good morning, Sanjeev sir. Thank you for the opportunity. First, just a bookkeeping question. 
If you can give the EBITDA absolute numbers for the quarter for HPC, biscuits, staples and 
ethnic foods. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
EBITDA, the breakup of each of these, I can certainly give you. So, for the non-food, it's Rs. 
157 crores and the margin is about 24.95%. Likewise, for the biscuit business, our EBITDA is 
Rs. 47 crores. Margin is 9.57%. Foods, the EBITDA is Rs. 151 crores. Margin is 7.54% and 
edible oil, the EBITDA is Rs. 175 crores, the margin is 2.4%.  
Abhishek Mathur:  
Great, sir. Thanks for that. Secondly, I just wanted to check, there has been a strong growth 
turnaround in our foods businesses, both staples and the higher margin foods, ethnic foods and 
biscuits also. So How does one think about growth in these segments going ahead? How are you 
looking at this turnaround and is it sustainable? And what is the steady state growth that we 
should think about in terms of biscuits, staples and the high margin food segments? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Two parts. One is that our projected long-term growth is very clear that in the food space, we 
will grow between 8% to 10% will be our growth rate. Our margin construct in the food business 
will be between 8% and 10% as well. That EBITDA margin, that's what we are targeting. And 
progressively, we continue to improve that. In the HPC business, when we took over the 
business, the margin was about 18% EBITDA was with the parent company. We had targeted 
that we will take that 18% by 200 basis points over the next 18 months. But based on several 
changes that were introduced, we have been able to accomplish almost nearly 25% EBITDA in 
this quarter. Now, on a sustainable basis, the question that you are asking is that how it's going 
to grow. So longer term, the guidance is very clear that the food business, 8% to 10% growth. 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
HPC business, 15% growth, which is a high margin category for us and veg oil business, 
anywhere between 3% and 4% growth is what we target. And we are in the volume terms. And 
value, of course, is determinant of multiple, how the values ultimately behave. So that is pretty 
much the set course, how the company is looking at its businesses. And yes, because of the GST 
relief, because of seasonality part of it in certain seasonal changes that occur, some quarters, you 
will see a better performance. But broadly, that is the directional outlook that we have. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
On the edible oil segment, so now the September last year, import duty hike would be in the 
base, anniversarized. And we have talked about palm oil prices trending lower. Albeit, you have 
mentioned some pressures in terms of pricing. So, with this scenario, how does one think about 
the margins in the edible oil business going forward? That's it from me. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
No, that's a great question. And I was hoping that we will do that. Because last year, September, 
the margin construct was very positive. We had one-off gain that we got on account of the duty 
increase of nearly 22% gain that accrued in September ‘25. And that was more of a one-time 
gain. Likewise, so previous Q3 of FY25, our margins were Rs. 364 crores on a revenue of Rs. 
6,731 crores, about nearly 5.5% But as I have mentioned very often that the vegetable oil 
business, edible oil business by its very nature, our targeted EBITDA stream is between 2% and 
4%.  The orientation in terms of the planning that is entirely done by the company is on the 
volume growth of between 3% and 4%. We are seeing consolidation in that segment. We are 
seeing that the consumers are gravitating towards the branded players. The larger players have 
the benefit of managing their treasury and working capital and risk better and superior. So, there 
is a consolidation happening in that space. But the performance evaluation on a quarter-on-
quarter basis is always a challenge. Because of the requirements of accounting and the audit, 
you have to take a particular price on the mark-to-market at the end of a quarter and that starts 
to change, which is what happened in this quarter as well and after that the uptick has happened. 
I am pretty confident of not only remaining within the framework of the objectives that we 
defined for ourselves, but also maintaining that closer to 4% is what we target. And I am 
witnessing that, there's some change already quite afoot right now, as we speak as well. In the 
last three weeks, the prices have started moving up. So, we should gain some, all that benefit 
should accrue in this quarter. So that is broadly the direction we have. And the interplay between 
Palm, Soya and Sun, because three big import items, that will always happen. So palm, because 
it had gone down because of the exceptionally high prices, which had exceeded soya and sun, 
so that will happen. But broadly, on the overall category basis, this is what we are targeting. And 
progressively, we are expecting with the 15% and 20% growth in food and non-food and the 
other businesses, I think we should head closer to the stated objective of 50-50 between the 
edible oils and the non-edible oils portion of it. So, for example, our margin construct, if you 
were to look at right now, also two thirds of the margin is now accruing from non-edible oil 
proportion. So nearly, if I were to say that, the 71% margin (this was said erroneously, segment’s 
EBITDA contribution was 66.33% in Q3FY26 and 62.34% in 9MFY26) came from the FMCG 
segment in this quarter, and about 35.6% margin (to be read as Rs. 32.87%) came from the edible 
oil. Whereas the edible oil segment contributed 69% and the FMCG segment contributed about 
31% (in Q3FY26). This spread will consistently, as we grow our revenues on the FMCG side, 
and we reach closer to the growth rates that we have discussed, closer to about 20,000 crores. I 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
think at that level, this margin profile of the company going towards the double-digit EBITDA 
that we are targeting, I think will pretty much become a reality. And that's what the objective of 
the company is looking at. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
Right. Great, sir. Thanks for the detailed answer and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Shirish Pardeshi, from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Hi, team. Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. Sanjeev sir, my first question is on 
edible oil. You mentioned that the imports, generally Quarter 3 declines for palm. Does that 
mean the system and even us have a higher inventory at the lower price or do you think we are 
just managing? So maybe if there is a price increase, we will have to take the price increase as 
and when the price increases happen for the imports. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Yes, that's right. So, Shirish, what will happen is that you mark down the inventory to the quarter 
end pricing. That's the accounting part. Mr. Kumar Rajesh will explain better. But we have to 
mark it down and bring it to a particular level. And if thereafter the prices increase, then typically 
that benefit accrues to the company. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
The second thing is that even soya and sunflower is also becoming very lucrative in India. So, 
does that mean that the shift will happen from palm to sunflower or soya or that is not correct 
way to look at it? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
I would say that your thesis is correct, that the perceived value for soya and sun is at higher level, 
where people see it as more premium oils and palm is lesser premium or in some cases, the 
attaching, the health connotations, etc. All three are set to grow. The interplay between them is 
the prices at the origin in the countries from where they are exported and the global edible oil 
complex. So many times, that undergoes a change on which there's very little control the 
companies have. So, then what happens is that the consumers might switch between one versus 
the other and this could happen. But the pecking order is very clear that sunflower is typically 
the highest price. The soybean is next to it and the palm is the cheapest. Now occasionally it 
might happen that the palm may exceed or soya may change or otherwise depending on supply 
situation. But broadly that is in 8 out of 10 cases, that is how it will remain. Some insecurity, for 
example, out of Russia or Ukraine, supply uncertainly, the price might spike for sunflower. But 
broadly that is a spread which will happen and so some shifting happens. But consumers are 
largely, this price inelastic. So especially in case of sunflower, which is largely sold through the 
branded form, the branded players, the consumers will stay with sunflower oil, they will not 
switch to palm oil or soya. It is the industrial consumers typically who tend to switch. So, for 
example, when the palm went too high, so people started switching from, I mean the industrial 
users, the B2B consumers, they started switching from palm to soya. So that may happen but 
otherwise not too much of a change. This will pretty much remain the same. 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
One follow-up on this, we have 3-4 brands, Sunrich and Ruchi Gold. So, within these four 
categories or subcategories, which has grown faster in Quarter 3? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Quarter 3, the largest size that we clearly have is the Sunrich, we have made very big inroads. 
We are nearly today doing close to, from that perspective of doing nearly 12,000 tons a month 
now. And we will continue to gain momentum into the sunflower oil. So that has been the fastest 
growth on a percentage basis. But in absolute terms, our growth has been largely through soya 
and palm. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My second question is on FMCG. You mentioned that biscuit growth is about 26.4%. Is that 
driven by the volume and grammage changes? I am just trying to understand if the volume and 
price is half and half or volume is higher? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So, it's obviously very volume driven without a question. So, it is not, price is not the bigger 
driver in this. As I was mentioning earlier that actually, in case of biscuits, we increase the 
grammage for the GST. So largely, it is not driven by any price inflation. It is entirely on the 
volume growth. And this has come through distribution expansion and natural velocity that we 
had on the growth rates of the biscuits market. So overall, that has been a very redeeming feature 
for the biscuits business because we are outpacing the industry by a very substantial wide 
margin. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
And the last question on HPC. I think you mentioned that we are trying to ramp up in South. So, 
if I look back overall as a company, what South contribution was there, including all the FMCG 
categories a year before and now what your target is as a distribution? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So, there is a very good pickup. But I just want to, because this is very often discussed. If I would 
look at the overall distribution, but this is obviously not a correct reflection because palm oil is 
very substantive. Our Ruchi Gold sells largely in South, which is a branded play. I will just give 
the overall numbers just for benefit of everyone. I was just pulling out that why don't we 
consolidate everything and see where the numbers stack up. So, zone-wise, mix 33% is 
contributed by South, the largest. If I were to look at the overall, including edible oils and FMCG, 
North is 31%, East is 18%, Central is 9% and West is 9%. Now, if I were to look at the FMCG 
part of it, if I were to look purely at the FMCG, I would say that this number would be closer to 
about 10%. And that has caught on the lower base that is growing at 15% to 18% now. And there 
we are expanding, putting a lot of energy where this base of growth we want to establish and 
gain momentum. And a lot of products are now gaining a lot of traction. So, for example, our 
food products, some of the HPC products now, so they are getting a lot of traction. And we are 
quite confident that the reach that we have in the distribution, the cross-selling amongst the 
distributors and retail that we are pulling work towards. So there is a reasonable amount of 
confidence that we should be able to pull through on that and put a good growth rate for South 
India. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Thank you and all the best.  

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Tanya Sharma from TAS Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Tanya Sharma: 
Hello. Good morning, sir. So, I had a couple of questions. So first, Staple continue to be a drag 
and that is little brand loyalty in this category. What are our plans from the FMCG mix 
perspective? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So broadly, what has happened over a period of time, Staples have always been a revenue driver 
and less from a margin perspective, as you rightly mentioned that there's a bit of lower margin 
compared to the ethnic foods. So clearly, as I mentioned in my opening remarks and the release 
that we gave as well, that for example, in ghee, we had exponential growth. Of course, it was 
led to a large extent by the festival demand, etc. and some of the promos that we ran. So, there 
was a huge pickup in the ghee business. Likewise, so in terms of the, like we did almost Rs. 470 
crores, Rs. 468 crores in ghee in the last quarter. And it was nearly jumped. So, it was driven a 
lot by the overall buoyancy that we saw in the demand side. So, there is a lot of effort that is 
happening towards pulling businesses on the ethnic food side on the higher level. But at the same 
time, Staples have a particular way of coming in because the demand is not in the sense that it 
is not very defined. So, it is also seasonal, and it is very price driven as well. So many times, if 
they find a greater value in what we are offering, so the demand pickup is very suddenly that 
people are buying a lot more because there the brand loyalty is lesser. And the focus is a lot more 
on the in terms of the value proposition that you are offering on the Staples pricing. My sense is 
the mix will not dramatically alter. The mix will pretty much remain same. But progressively as 
the ethnic foods category will continue to increase, I think we will start seeing better margin 
construct as well in the overall foods category as we speak. 
Tanya Sharma: 
Next one. Ghee can be very cyclical in nature. So how do we manage consistency in procurement 
throughout the year? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
What typically happens in ghee is that the sell side, as I mentioned, there's some cyclicity, not 
volatility in pricing, but seasonality uptick is always there. The procurement is very consistent. 
So, there is a season in which you are able to procure. So that market is, of course, depends a lot 
on supply side and how the demand for the cow butter sector is there. So that we have to do. But 
the supply chain is fairly well-oiled machine. There is a large vendor base. There are companies 
who supply on a consistent basis the cow butter to us. We secure our supplies over a period of 
time. So that works in general quite well. And there is some bit of pricing change there as well. 
So that may have some impact on the margin profile of the business. And that is one reason why 
the raw material pricing plays a very crucial role in business verticals like biscuits and ghee and 
some of these areas where you might see certain degree of variation. And which is why we 
always target that 8% to 10% is a good blend of margin between ethnic and the staple food. We 
should be able to generate constantly that. 
Tanya Sharma: 
Got it. And sir, one last thing. Do we have also any plan to bring other dairy related products? 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
No, we have no immediate plans of introducing new dairy products. We have enough on the 
plate. We have, of course, that innovation constantly happens. We want to introduce a new 
product. But on the dairy side, I would imagine the variations of ghee we will certainly do. But 
products like butter or cheese or liquid milk or flavored milk, etc., that category, perhaps, there 
is no immediate plan for that. 
Tanya Sharma: 
That answers my questions. Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Priya Kulkarni from CN Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Priya Kulkarni: 
My question is, like, on the product side, for which product lines are we planning to expand? So, 
we have not had many new product innovations and the new agent brands are giving 
competition, like companies give us this competition. So, what is your take on this and on the 
product innovation side? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
There is a pipeline of products that are constantly planned. And we continue to introduce new 
variants. SKU within the SKU itself, there's a constant mixing of new products, new SKUs, new 
ideas in the blend sector, as I was just mentioning, and also responding to the vertical through 
which the channel through which it is getting distributed. So, for example, as the change in e-
com and quick-com has defined and redefined in the way consumers shop, and likewise for the 
modern trade and general trade. And so, to avoid the conflict, many times those adjustments are 
done. Some products on a trial basis largely are tried out first on the e-com and quick-com and 
then on the modern trade and then finally to the GT. But to answer your question specifically, 
as I mentioned, that is a constant work which is happening. You will see a SKU of products that 
will get launched. So, this quarter, for example, other than what I mentioned in the call, you will 
see that in the biscuits category, we will have multiple premium products that will get launched 
now. I would not be able to give the details on this call, but that is under the works. Likewise, 
for the HPC category, we are planning at least three more new product launches which will 
happen over the next 6 months in the skincare and some variations in the dental side, as well as 
in the haircare. So, a lot of work in the home care category. So, there is a constant sort of product 
pipeline. Yes, competition is there from the new age companies. And yes, they are doing a great 
job. And so, we will do our job and we will be found nimble. We will be found quick and we 
will be able to respond to any challenges. 
Priya Kulkarni: 
My last question is about like last year; we had signed up multiple brand ambassadors. So just 
wanted to ask that when do their contracts expire? And are we likely to renew it? And if yes, 
what will be the cost and the tenure of the contract? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So, cost and I would not share on this call, and that's confidential. But the tenure continues to 
run with all the five ambassadors. Mr. Dhoni is signed up for an additional 2 years. The contract 
for Mrs. Shilpa Shetty continues and likewise, both for Tiger Shroff and Tamanna Bhatia and 
similarly for Mr. Shahid Kapoor that also continues. So as we speak right now, the contracts are 
very much on and active. 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Priya Kulkarni: 
Got it. Thank you. All the best. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Shagun Kabra, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Shagun Kabra: 
Good morning, sir. I wanted to understand regarding area under cultivation. So, it is 
approximately 16% for the total area allocated. Could you guide how much hectares are we 
going to add in the area under cultivation? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
You are talking of oil palm, right? 
Shagun Kabra: 
Yes, sir. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Oil palm currently what we have is that 1,08,000 hectares (to be read as 1,08,164), which has 
been planted. This year, our target is that we should do close to 40,000 additional hectares, which 
is a mix of 20,000 in the northeastern part of the country and 20,000 in the South India. And for 
that we need to prepare well in advance on getting our sprouts and nurseries and others. And we 
are very much on course for that. What I am saying this year is ‘26-27. I am talking now. 
Shagun Kapra: 
Yes. And the area under cultivation, the area is being allocated by the government. So, is it a 
long-term lease and how much amount does it cost us? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So, we don't pay any amount. What the government does is that, so we of course, to give an 
answer to that, it's in perpetuity. So, it's for 35 years, the life cycle of the oil palm. And after 
when it gets closer to the trees having lived their life, then you can extend that by doing the 
replanting. So, there is no tenure fix for that, for the lease, because the land continues to be 
owned by the farmer only. And we simply work in close collaboration with the farmer and work 
alongside him for 35 years. So that is almost it can be seen as perpetuity because government is 
not asking to do anything on that. They are saying that this company is allowed to do the oil 
palm plantation work along with the farmers and ensure that they are able to 100% work on this. 
That's it. 
Shagun Kapra: 
Thank you, sir. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
back to the management for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
With this, I conclude the call. I sincerely thank you for your continued support and trust in 
Patanjali Foods. If you have any further queries, please contact SGA our Investor Relations 
Advisors. 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you, everyone. On behalf of Patanjali Foods Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining with us today and you may now disconnect your line. 
