 
 
 
                                                                              Date: 12th February, 2026 
 
BSE Limited, 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 540879                       Symbol: APOLLO                         ISIN: INE713T01028 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on February 9, 2026 under 
Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30, read with Part A of Schedule III, and other applicable provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended and further to our intimation dated February 2, 2026, regarding 
schedule of the Earnings Conference Call with investors, we wish to inform you that the conference 
call was held on Monday, February 9, 2026.  
 
Transcript of the above-mentioned Earnings Conference Call is attached herewith and can also be 
accessed at:  https://apollo-micro.com  
We request you to take the above on record. 
Thanking You 
 
Yours Faithfully  
 
FOR APOLLO MICRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
 
 
BADDAM KARUNAKAR REDDY 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 00790139 
 
BADDAM 
KARUNAKA
R REDDY
Digitally signed by 
BADDAM 
KARUNAKAR REDDY 
Date: 2026.02.12 
12:15:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BADDAM KARUNAKAR REDDY – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – APOLLO MICRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. ADDEPALLI SAI KRISHNA KUMAR – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR, OPERATIONS – APOLLO MICRO SYSTEMS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SUDARSHAN CHILUVERU – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – APOLLO MICRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIKASH SINGH – ICICI SECURITIES 

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Apollo Micro Systems Q3 FY ‘26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. Certain statements during the conference 
call may be forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain 
risks and uncertainties.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikash Singh. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
Vikash Singh: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to Apollo Micro Systems Q3 FY ‘26 and nine-
months FY ‘26 Results Conference Call. From the management side, we have with us Mr. 
Baddam Karunakar Reddy, Managing Director; Mr. Addepalli Sai Krishna Kumar, Whole-Time 
Director, Operations; and Mr. Sudarshan Chiluveru, CFO.  
Without taking any much time, I'll hand it over to Mr. Reddy for his opening remarks. Over to 
you, sir.  
Karunakar Reddy:  
Yes, good morning. This is Karunakar Reddy, Managing Director. Joined with me, Mr. Sai 
Kumar and our CFO, Mr. Sudarshan Chiluveru. Mr. Sai Kumar will be presenting. Then after 
questioning this thing, answering this thing, I will be responding to you. Okay? Over to Mr. Sai 
Kumar, please.  
Sai Kumar: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for being with us today. It's always a 
privilege to engage with our valued investors and provide updates on our performance strategy 
and future outlook. I'm pleased to share that we have delivered our highest ever quarterly and 
highest ever nine-month revenue marked by consistent execution, operational discipline, and a 
strong commitment to indigenization and the Make in India initiatives.  
I trust you've had the opportunity to review our financial results, letter to shareholders, press 
release, tear sheet, and investor presentation. This marks our third interaction for the fiscal year 
2026. We are pleased to begin with two significant milestones that mark our continued growth 
and global progress.  
First, we are also pleased to announce that an additional acquisition by ADIPL, which is 
expected to be completed before the end of this financial year. This acquisition will significantly 
enhance our organic growth and overall strength.  
Looking ahead, we expect revenue to grow at least at a CAGR of 45% to 50% over the next 
three years, which has always been our, guidance since few quarters, solely by the core business, 
excluding any contribution from the recent acquisition or the future acquisitions that we do in 
this financial year. This growth is underpinned by a healthy order book and multiple products 
entering into the production phase.  

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Let me now take you through our consolidated performance for nine months and third quarter 
ended 31st December 2025. In Q3 FY ‘26, we delivered highest revenue ever and the revenue 
surged by 70% YoY basis to INR252 crores, up from INR148 crores in Q3 FY ‘25 as a result of 
our robust order book execution and successful transition of multiple products into the 
production phase.  
Our EBITDA, excluding other income, rose sharply by 33%, reaching INR50 crores in Q3 FY 
‘26. PAT registered at 25% YoY increase to INR23 crores, compared to INR18 crores in the 
previous year same quarter. The order book as on 31st December stood at INR1,305 crores on a 
consolidated basis.  
Considering nine months FY ‘26, we have delivered highest ever performance in our history. 
Our revenue from operations has spiked 53% to INR611 crores, up from INR400 crores in nine 
months FY ‘25. This trend has been continued in the EBITDA, excluding other income, which 
has increased by 61% to INR151 crores compared from INR93 crores in nine months FY ‘25.  
EBITDA margin has been expanded by 134 basis points in nine months FY ‘26. Our PAT has 
climbed by 67% to INR71 crores, up from INR42 crores in nine months FY ‘25. These results 
underscore our continued operational excellence and reaffirm the strength of our growth 
trajectory in FY ‘26 and beyond.  
We have evolved from being a subsystem and system manufacturer to establishing ourselves as 
a full-fledged weapon system manufacturer, a significant milestone in our journey of growth and 
technological excellence. Building on 41 years of technological excellence, we are poised to 
evolve into a multidisciplinary defense system powerhouse to drive next generation innovation. 
Our vision is bold, built on strong fundamentals and an unwavering commitment to create value 
for all our stakeholders. 
Thank you for your continued trust and support. We now look forward to addressing your 
questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We take the first 
question from the line of Sucrit D Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited. Please proceed.  
Sucrit D Patil:  
Good evening to the team. I have two questions. My first question to Mr. Baddam is, looking 
ahead, how do you see Apollo Micro Systems balancing between expanding defense and 
aerospace contracts, investing in new technology, and protecting profitability? As the demand 
for advanced electronics grows, what will guide your decision on which of these areas should 
get the strongest focus in the coming quarters? That's my first question, I'll ask my second 
question after this.  
Karunakar Reddy:  
Yes, see like, the last quarter result also I was talking to your people. If we see the Government 
of India, already DAC has cleared, Defense Acquisition Council has cleared already you must 
be knowing. QRSAM one program is going for bulk production. And another program is Akash 
NG also is going for a few hundred numbers. And if you see these two programs, our major 
contribution is there, QRSAM also, Akash NG also our contribution is there.  

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
And other side, naval systems also limited series production we have completed heavyweight 
torpedo and we are now expecting bulk production order we are expecting. And also, we are 
also doing the complete, one of the program like mine program, underwater mine programs, 3-
4 programs we are doing.  
One program complete test trials also completed and anytime -- anytime this month I'm 
expecting Defense Acquisition Council, DAC clearance also we are expecting. That is going to 
be a major order what we are looking for immediately.  
And other programs also underwater mine side if you see, couple of variants, other variants also 
we are doing, limpet mine, two variants of limpet mines we are doing. We are also doing, like 
deeper depth, there is a program called MOORED Mine, that MOORED Mine also anytime we 
are expecting -- we are going to sign DCPP partner, as a DCPP partner we are going to sign with 
DRDO.  
That is also we are expecting already, fortunately, the MOORED Mine DAC clearance already 
happened, the fund is in place. Only thing user trials we are yet to perform, once we complete 
user trials, so we are expecting a very big order like MIGM, MOORED Mine also going to be a 
big game-changer order for Apollo Micro Systems.  
And many other programs like short-range programs, short-range missile programs, our 
participation is there. Long-range like Agni missile, Agni 5, Agni 1 also going for a bulk 
production, our major contribution is there in these programs also. And as I explained you last 
previous meeting, missile technology side if you see, we have good contribution, subsystem-
wise if you see 63% of our contribution is there.  
You name any program from short-range 4-kilometer range to 5,000-kilometer Agni missile 
kind of thing if you consider, 63% of subsystems in fact Apollo Micro Systems is supplying to 
DRDO, more than 80-90 programs. And already we are, we became DCPP partner for couple of 
programs. We are also expecting two more programs we participated, anytime DRDO is going 
to decide.  
We are expecting one naval-based missile program, anti-ship program we are expecting, that 
also I think this month DRDO is going to decide. And as you know like we are doing one 
program, RGB 60 program, it's an anti-submarine program and we have done I think lab tests 
and all we have done, we are going for a, I think trial tests, anytime we are planning for technical 
trials. 
And other programs like complete weapon systems kind of, and one of the program like anti-
drone swarm drones, hard-killing rocket we are making, that also I think we are going for trials 
next month, first quarter. First quarter we are going for trials. All cursory checks and all, lab 
tests and all we have completed, all simulations and all we have completed. The product is ready, 
first quarter we are going for trials.  
And many, many other programs are doing, at least couple of hundred programs, few hundred 
programs we are doing. Every program our contribution is there as I explained you. Naval side 

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
also we have contribution, and if you see land-based systems like launcher systems and all also 
we have contribution. Missile technology if you see also our contribution is there.  
LCA Mk2 is there, AMCA is there, AMCA also we are participating. Already we started doing 
couple of subsystems. LCA Mk2 also we are doing almost something like five subsystems, very 
critical systems design development activity we are doing.  
And as you know like, explosive company also like we acquired IDL Explosives, we are now 
going for a good expansion, we want to produce defense-grade explosive we want to produce, 
and I think we are going to start another six months' time we definitely going to start producing 
defense-grade explosive also. That is another plan is going on.  
And also, we are planning to acquire couple of companies where we don't have presence. I think, 
in fact, I think, before this financial year end, at least some three companies we are going to, we 
are going for due diligence.  
Sai Kumar: 
Due diligence is going on, at least one we will be able to close for sure.  
Karunakar Reddy:  
Yes, if everything goes well, three companies are in pipeline and at least one or two companies' 
acquisition we want to complete before this financial year end. That's all.  
Sucrit D Patil:  
Thank you. My second question to Mr. Chiluveru is, again along the similar lines, as Apollo 
Micro Systems plans for the next few quarters, what financial signals or metrics will be most 
important in guiding you to take the decisions on cost control, working capital, and capital 
allocation for R&D and capacity expansion? How do you see these levers shaping the company's 
ability to protect the margins and deliver sustainable growth in the coming few quarters? Want 
to understand your plan of action on this. 
Sudarshan Chiluveru:  
As you already know, if you visualize, we have been spending around 9% to 10% of our outlay, 
topline, as R&D expenditure since our company is a -- bread and butter is R&D. Unless we do 
R&D, we cannot sustain and we cannot grow in the business. That's why sizable amount is 
allocated for R&D, and we have even availed a term loan sanctioned by one of the banks, INR75 
crores. Lot of programs we have taken up for R&D and around INR50 to INR60 crores we are 
going to spend in the near future on R&D itself. That is one part. 
The other part is we have massive expansion plans. As Phase 3 at Hardware Park we have 
already commissioned partly in the October end, with a INR150 crores outlay with a term loan 
of INR110 crores from State Bank of India. With our margin, INR150 crores worth of project 
we have already implemented and another 2.5 acres we have acquired and we have started civil 
works for further expansion. 
And also, we have recently got allotment of another 5 acres of land adjacent to the existing 
expansion plant from Government of Telangana, where we will be spending at least INR100 to 
INR150 crores for further expansion. So it will be a state-of-the-art project once we complete 
entire thing of project in the 10-acre, 10.5 acres of land. That is our expansion plan.  

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
And as far as growth is concerned, we have been growing at a CAGR of 30% to 35% for the last 
two-three years. The same tempo if everything goes well, whatever we are having plans of 
getting the orders and all that, if it fructifies and we will be growing at 35% to 40% in the years 
to come.  
As far as order book is concerned, we are comfortable and with the addition of IDL Explosives, 
we are into -- we will be growing into a full-fledged weapon manufacturer thing, earlier we were 
having only a subsystem manufacturer. Now we can manufacture the entire missile. So order 
book is good. And as far as finance is concerned, we have mobilized funds as through 
preferential issue and bank finance is also made available to us as long as we need it, and all the 
things are in place. 
Sai Kumar:  
Yes, one more thing I want to share with you. See like cost-cutting wise, we are now going for 
a -- we have implemented SAP and we started migrating into SAP. And also, we are doing one 
automation, complete all factories now we are going for automation, we are almost 
implementing Industry 4.0 standard we are implementing.  
Wherein the management can see the complete machinery, how machinery is utilized, how 
manpower is working, what is the machinery running hours, and if anybody/any of my customers 
want to see also, they can remotely they can see, through video they can see and their status and 
all in the text form also available, customer can monitor.  
Management side also micro-level monitoring what we want to do, where manpower utilization 
and machinery utilization properly we want to do because now Unit 2 we are -- we have two 
units are there, explosive if you see explosive side four-five units are there, and third unit, third 
unit itself some four units within 10-acre campus only we will be having four units in fact.  
Four different buildings and it is a huge, almost going to have 5 lakh square feet area kind of 
thing. Each main building is 2.6 lakh square feet area and other three buildings also more than 
lakh square feet area we are building. So at the same time we are going for automation, so proper 
utilization of manpower and complete machinery utilization also we want to monitor in an 
automated this thing. 
Sai Kumar:  
Yes, so the what CFO has talked about the R&D investment in the, we have already allocated 
INR100 crore, for the R&D. The fund is already in place, some of which investments have 
already taken place. The 9% to 10% what he talked about is in the subsequent years, up to 9% 
to 10% is the investment that we are going to do in R&D, which is currently, earlier it has been 
7% to 8% then it got dipped to 6%, primarily because our revenues have started kicking on a 
continuous basis.  
But going forward, the investments in R&D, will further increase. So that's one thing that I want 
to add to what the CFO has told as a clarification as well actually. Yes, we can go to the next 
question. 
Sucrit D Patil:  
Thank you and best wishes. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Deekshant from DB Wealth. Please proceed. 

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Deekshant: 
Hello sir. Congratulations for the number. Impressed with the… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Deekshant, I would request you to come closer to your device and then speak.  
Deekshant:  
Sure. Congratulations management, congratulations on the topline growth. We are seeing a 
significant rise of cost in our employee expenses and our other expenses. While I understand 
that we are in a growth phase right now and we are doing acquisitions so employee expense 
might go up, but what's the major contributor to our other expense? 
Sai Kumar:  
So if you see compared to the previous quarter sir, the other expenses in terms of the finance 
cost and other things, got significantly reduced actually. Obviously, the depreciation going 
forward also will increase because there's a lot of investment in terms of capex and continuous 
investment in terms of the capital work-in-progress which is there in R&D, every quarter on 
quarter basis, we keep capitalizing actually. Okay, and other things like, okay.  
But if you see the employee expenses, we have gone in for a very, very, very large expansion. 
Okay, from the current, size of the facility we have contemplated for an expansion of, 5.5 to 6.5 
times. Now with the addition of the other new facility which we have recently announced that 
we have been allotted 5.6 acres, up to 12x to 13x times, the facility will increase.  
Proportionately the manpower also will be increasing actually. So in the next few months, the 
manpower which is required for the next financial year, that recruitments also have started, 
continuous basis. Hence the financial -- because training and other things like at all levels the 
manpower have got increased.  
From a managerial level, the head of the department level, the team leader level and at a junior 
level also. So obviously the manpower has also got increased because the number of per 
employee, number of projects handled by per employee is increasing on a continual basis. So 
we are continuously increasing the manpower, so the cost of the manpower is increasing on a, 
on a quarterly basis actually. 
Deekshant:  
Sir, what is the core sort of other expense that is happening? Because depreciation I understand, 
the sort of interest cost we are getting that also makes sense. But what is it the other expenses 
that are really hitting us? 
Sai Kumar:  
I will tell you. There's expenses related to, generally normally what happens that certain 
expenses in the Q3 and Q4 will increase actually, primarily owing to, I mean to say this has been 
the trend, primarily owing to we have an annual function, happening in, so that is one expense 
that gets added. We participate in the, international shows and exhibitions, that is one expense 
that gets added actually.  
So these are certain expenses, which gets increased. But in last, few quarters, our travel expenses 
also have got significantly, increased, primarily owing to huge business development, activity 
that is taking place. And, in terms of the execution and integration also, lot of travel is happening 
across multiple laboratories across India, pan-India basis actually.  

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
So these are the different heads under which, the cost have got increased in the, I mean to say, 
also we are doing trials, lot of trials also. Yes, the cost of the trials is also expenses that we are 
putting.  
Deekshant: 
So sir next, I have two quick questions. One is that you have mentioned 45% to 50% CAGR 
growth for the next three years in your opening remarks, and that's something that has been 
consistent. So what kind of margins on net that we can expect now? Because since we are now 
going through a new leap of growth in our business which as investors, we are proud of, but 
what kind of net margins can be seen now? 
Sai Kumar: 
See on a PAT level, if I talk about, we are going, we are targeting for a 15% PAT level. Yes, 
consolidated there could be a small, dip in the consolidated basis. Okay, I just want to talk on a 
standalone basis, I'll just want to talk about standalone basis that, standalone basis the net profit 
percentage, PAT percentage, we are targeting for 15%.  
Consolidated basis, primarily what happens there is only one major consolidation which is 
happening which is IDL Explosives actually. Okay, there, we are, we are having a little dip 
because of the, previous RC contracts of the Coal India which IDL was handling actually. That 
may -- that may have a little small impact towards, this thing, but I think overall on consolidated 
basis also, if you see on a year-on-year basis, there will be a significant improvement in the, 
PAT level margins which will be there, even after, the consolidation. 
Deekshant: 
So you are expecting that this year end, the next quarter we will see around 15% on consolidated 
basis plus-minus 1% or so? 
Sai Kumar: 
No, no, no, on standalone basis 15%. There will be a dip in the consolidation, because of the 
IDL, that's what I was trying to say. 
Deekshant: 
 
So what would be the number? 
Sai Kumar: 
But it will be better than year-on-year basis consolidation. That's what I was trying to say. 
Deekshant: 
If possible, can you give us a number, sir? 
Sai Kumar: 
Quantifying at this point of time is very difficult. We are just taking control of the full control 
of the management because there are spread across seven plants, continuous basis, we are 
reducing wherever there is a redundancy of, the expenses or the manpower and other things, 
costs and other things, are being, done.  
You have to accept a fact that, the acquisition and, this thing is a very organic process. We cannot 
take, actions overnight because there are traditionally employees which are older than this 
company. There are 41-42 years since, employees are there who are working in the company 
actually. Stage-by-stage we are doing, but currently guidance point of view to give also, I do not 
have a clarity of the numbers currently.  
But from Q1 next financial year onwards, we will be able to give a guidance on the consolidated 
basis. But the only thing, guidance that I can give at this point of time, not in an absolute number, 

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
is that even after consolidation, even after there is a small dip also, year-on-year point of view, 
the PAT level margins are going to be on higher side.  
Target for the standalone basis we are targeting for a 15% margin. That's what is our internal 
target. 
Deekshant: 
Sir lastly is on underwater mines. This is something that we have been expecting from the 
government and from our partners with PSUs for some time now. So what's been update on this 
and what's like been a deterrent for us right now? 
Sai Kumar: 
All necessary approvals at all levels are over actually. The, it is just awaiting for a DAC approval, 
it has come to that level actually. We are most positive and likely that, it may, the file may come 
up for the DAC approval in the upcoming DAC meeting or maybe it, if it gets slipped, for an 
operational reasons because certain files, certain number of X number of files only they take up 
actually, if it slips it may go for another DAC meeting.  
Some clarity is yet to come for even for us, as much as you are waiting, the same way we are 
also waiting. Operational-wise, everything is set, we are ready up for production, the 
documentation, quality plans, everything are up and ready from our end, we are fully geared up.  
The moment the switch is on, we can do production, that's the stage we have already geared up 
ourselves. We are still awaiting as much as you were, as soon as something comes out, we will 
-- we will give our disclosure. 
Deekshant: 
And this would be a INR2,000-INR2,500 crores order that we are thinking of, right? 
Karunakar Reddy: 
Yes, it is going to be INR2,500 crores. Plus we are also expecting my other DCPP partner BDL 
also going to take equal order, from that also we are expecting few hundred crores orders. 
Because we are making... 
Deekshant: 
Do I have permission to ask one more question, sir? 
Sai Kumar: 
Pardon me? Yes, yes. 
Deekshant: 
Can I ask one more question? Okay. So sir right now we are also sort of seeing some increase in 
approvals, so the production state that we are going to go into, at what point can we expect our 
COGS to like, start going down? You are going for automation and everything else. So at what 
-- right now it's around 70% our material consumed, right? So at what point can we see a 
significant improvement here? 
Sai Kumar: 
Yes, see this question we have been giving a reply to all the investors. Once again, I will give. 
There's a significant improvement at a COGS level will happen once a large-scale production 
orders kick up and which are going to be an anchoring orders over the overall toplines actually.  
Till such a time, the similar COGS levels would be maintained actually because predominantly 
most of the projects that we are addressing are, typically R&D projects and there is no control 
at COGS level actually for that. But as the large-scale production orders which we are awaiting, 

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
okay, they are, they are something, which are going to give a significant benefit at a COGS level 
for them.  
Management:  
And you must be knowing already DAC clearance now, I think around INR2 lakhs crores orders 
MoD has already given clearance. Many, many programs, naval programs, missile programs, 
couple of missile programs, and long-range missiles if you see, all together INR2 lakhs crores 
DAC, already Defense Acquisition Council has already cleared. So, I think,  
Sai Kumar: 
So these are all production orders what he means to say. These are all production orders. Once 
they get into system integrator level, we are going to get that production orders, which will 
definitely give a benefit for it. 
Deekshant: 
Is there any timeline for these DAC meetings so that we are aware of? 
Sai Kumar: 
It is not in our control, sir. It depends on availability of Raksha Mantri, various other officials 
who are part of this thing, not in our control. Nor do we have any, we are not privy to the 
information also most of the time. 
Deekshant: 
No, I get it sir. That's confidential on their level, but I get it. Jai Hind, sir. Thank you so much 
for continued work on this. 
Sai Kumar: 
Thank you. Yes, I request everyone to restrict themselves with two questions. I am available 
tomorrow, day after tomorrow for the two different conferences, you will have, if you are 
attending the conference, if you are in Mumbai, you can meet me in person also. But I think, 
because we will have to give opportunity for many of them, some of them are messaging me 
personally also, that two questions I request most relevant two questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Abhi Shah from Siddhi Technologies. 
Please proceed. 
Abhi Shah:  
One question regarding the subsidiary IDL Explosives. So there is a standalone losses on the 
books of IDL Explosives. So what is the figure and when can we expect this figure to turn around 
positive on an EBITDA margin and also on the net income basis? So when the subsidiary could 
turn positive? 
Sai Kumar: 
See primarily, if you see, there is INR4 crores loss that got added actually in the quarter, okay, 
out of the 45 days that this thing is there. This quarter I think, we are expecting an EBITDA 
level to be, break even, break even, okay. From next financial year Q1 onwards, the EBITDA 
level and at a PAT level it was going to be a positive PAT, a positive EBITDA company actually. 
Abhi Shah:  
Okay, so can we expect margin dilution this, this year in FY ‘26? 
Sai Kumar: 
There will definitely be a margin dilution. There will definitely be a margin dilution which we 
have told last quarter also actually. Okay, we have given that indication very brightly last quarter 
itself. But you have to also observe that, the margin levels of the standalone financials, it has 
significantly got increased, owing to, multiple types of systems, also entered – which have got 

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
entered into production order in this financial year, which has given a benefit at a, I mean to say 
EBITDA level as well as at the overall at the PAT level.  
Okay, so owing to that, although there is, certain, in the consolidation basis there is certain 
impact that is going to be there, but on overall as a consolidated basis although there is an impact 
because of consolidation, on a comparative basis of year-on-year, there is still going to be an 
improvement in the all the fronts, both at EBITDA level as well as at the PAT levels. That's how 
we would like everyone to look at. 
The rationale behind the purchase of IDL at the time of, entering the SPA agreement also we 
have given in very much in detail, a detailed comprehensive, presentation we have given, that 
it's a strategy with which, the IDL Explosives is acquired and, it takes few quarters for us to, 
implement that strategy and bring it on to, defense-grade explosive, full-fledged this thing.  
A huge capex is also being planned in IDL, which will contemplate for the future energetic 
requirement both in terms of the propellant as well as in terms of the warhead explosive, for, for 
our backward integration and also for, forward integration as a vertical integration, all three 
levels. So it will this transition will take some time.  
At the same time, in our investor presentation also we have told that, there will also be an 
improvement from the next financial year owing that, we are doing a huge business development 
for IDL Explosives alone on a standalone basis also where, huge export-oriented, market which 
was untapped earlier is also being explored. Okay, and we have also given, decent amount of 
funnel is already there in place, which will further improve the margins of the company.  
Traditionally whatever, the levels at which this is there, it is going to be, subdued or compensated 
with the export business as well as increase in the domestic business. Predominantly the business 
comes from the Coal India, but also other, mining and infra projects also one after other, we 
have started getting projects. And we have played a, key role by fighting in the court of law for 
the ban of Coal India to be lifted actually. 
And that was successful, we got Coal India projects, so the survival point of view there is no 
problem, but Q1 onwards from the next financial year the EBITDA is going to be positive, PAT 
is going to be positive. This year there could be a small, impact but there is not going to be a 
serious dent on the financials at EBITDA level or the PAT level because the margin expansion 
has significantly been there in the last three quarters for Apollo on a standalone basis, so that 
small, impact of, the consolidation may not have a significant impact on the console side. 
Abhi Shah:  
Thanks for the detailed answer. So again, one question I want to ask regarding the order book. 
So can you just guide me what is the order book for IDL Explosives this quarter? 
Sai Kumar: 
This quarter, the complete order book of IDL is standing at around INR500-odd crores actually. 
Abhi Shah:  
INR500 crores. Okay. And okay. Yes, that's it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Akshay from AK Investment. Please 
proceed. 

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Akshay:  
Hello, thanks for giving me the opportunity and... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Akshay, could you please come closer to your device and then speak?  
Akshay:  
Okay, thank you sir and thanks for giving me the opportunity. Sir, my first question is about the 
EBITDA margin, so at consolidated level not for this year because we have acquired IDL and 
margin is stressed somewhat for that reason, but for the next financial year and FY ‘28, what 
would be the consolidated EBITDA margins going forward? What are our targets? 
Sai Kumar: 
No, margin levels guidance, For the EBITDA or at a PAT levels, at a Q3 level, I am not in a 
position to give you. Okay, guidance we will give you, once the Q4 quarter ends based on the 
outstanding order books that we have and the funnel that we have at the end of the 31st March. 
Okay, that's point number one.  
But broadly, there is an internal target of maintaining on a standalone basis 15% margin at a 
PAT level. This is what is the guidance that we give, and we continue to stand on our guidance 
on the topline revenues of increase of 45% to 50% growth. Okay, that that guidance we have 
been giving and we will continue to stand on that point. 
Akshay:  
Okay sir, and sir, my second question is about the promoter pledge, so when -- by when are we 
clearing the promoter pledge? 
Sai Kumar: 
Okay, see like everything goes well, no, like -- We are we are working towards it in few quarters, 
we should be coming out. We have initially contemplated to come out in this quarter actually, 
but I think in next few quarters, step by step one after other we should be coming out. 
Akshay:  
Yes, Yes. Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Manoj Jain from Jain HUF. Please 
proceed. 
Manoj Jain:  
Namaste sir and Jai Hind. I would like to first state that, on the 5th of January I had sent an email 
to you people, asking a certain question but I don't know why it was unanswered. Now the 
question I'd like where which I placed there, I'm placing it once more here, which is that recently 
in CNBC-TV18 and other some websites some allegations some articles came on this your 
company in which it was alleged that something like that the shareholders had rejected a proposal 
for approving related party transactions in tune of INR500 crores between Apollo Defence, 
Apollo Strategic Technologies and IDL Explosives with almost 99% of the institutional 
shareholders voting against the resolution.  
So is this true? I don't know why the company did not refute it or say anything about it. So if 
you can kindly clarify on this matter. Thank you very much. 
Sai Kumar: 
I will clarify, sir. The point is like this, it is not a neither an allegation nor false, sir, it is in a 
public domain. We have went we have gone in for an approval to shareholders stating that we 
would like to give a corporate guarantee towards subsidiary companies actually. Okay, sir.  

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
The fact which -- the fact which every investor has to understand is that if we are taking a stake 
in a company, maybe a 100% acquisition or a minus stake or a majority stake, those companies 
typically rely on a parent company for support in terms of the financials. Right, sir?  
Manoj Jain: 
Yes, yes, yes. Yes.  
Sai Kumar: 
By being a support to the give a financial support to those companies, some certain guarantees 
has to be given as a corporate, okay. We have to stand as a guarantee and give that comfort to 
their either their lending partners or we may have to give some guarantees when they want to 
bid for a higher, tender projects or something like that.  
Based for that purpose, in order to give such kind of a comfort letters or a corporate guarantees, 
this this resolution has been moved by us, which shareholders largely shareholders have accepted 
actually, but certain shareholders, they have gone with the what do you call biased, what do you 
call reports of certain report -- certain agencies who have made a report that, certain RPT, related 
party transaction based, corporate action is being initiated by Apollo.  
Here the related party transaction point of view, none of the, the fund is not coming going to any 
of the, what do you call promoters, no such this thing is being given, only corporate guarantee, 
we are standing as a guarantee corporate guarantee has to be given without which, those 
company survival will become difficult actually. Okay.  
Further we did -- there is nothing to refute nor is it an allegation. There are you -- there are 
certain people who will write some, irrational topics in the social media which are being picked 
by few other people and, we do not want to respond certain things which are there on that 
actually.  
The fact is that the resolution got defeated because certain people did not understand, whoever 
has voted negative we have reapproached and we have given a presentation, but they being 
certain mutual funds, they go by these agencies' reports actually. We did not further move that 
resolution once again for a reason that even if we move now for the next financial year starting 
from 1st April we will have to once again approach for, shareholder approval.  
For the purpose of this one or two months, there's no point in taking approval because once again 
we have to take, it's a cost for the company, it is your company who is incurring loss by again 
going to the ballot, it is INR20-INR25 lakhs expenditure for me actually. I did not want to spend 
that, we have requested our bankers to, maintain certain refrain over it and wait for some time, 
we will further go in for shareholder approval.  
This time we will make a comprehensive presentation to all the people, whoever has written 
reports to them also we will approach, and we will tell them the rational. There is no benefit that 
is being accorded to any of the, subsidiary companies nor any benefit accorded to any of the 
promoters by moving this resolution. 
It is purely for the purpose of supporting the subsidiary companies so that they become 
independently they will be able to run over a period of time till such time When a baby is born, 

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
it should eventually be able to stand and walk on its own two feet, but until then, it needs to hold 
its father's hand to walk, right? 
So, if I'm extending my hand to help him, and someone says, "Don't give him your hand, let him 
fall," that wouldn't be right, would it? We appreciate and understand the concerns of that 
reporting agencies, we are going to address it, I will come back with the resolution, I will 
convince them, once again we will get it fast. That is the thought process that we have internally. 
I hope this is clear and there is nothing hanky-panky happening there. 
Manoj Jain: 
Okay, actually the report was made in such a way that as a shareholders, I could not understand 
that what was going on, so that's why I wanted clarification. And one more thing, sir, that I don't 
know why my question was not answered. 
Sai Kumar: 
Jain sir, I request, please when reading -- when you read the report, whether the report has been 
written, appropriately by understanding what further resolution has been moved or not is also I 
request you to understand it, not just reading the report alone because reports are being prepared 
by certain analyst not understanding.  
Because, when you prepare a report see I ask like you are an investor, whenever we conclude a 
call also now also, I want to tell, if when you are talking to us over the call of half an hour, one 
hour, you will not understand anything about the company, please visit us, talk to the 
management at least once in a lifetime. Okay?  
Then only you will understand, after that we can have any number of calls. So whenever whoever 
is writing analyst also, I request analyst to please visit us, understand us, we can give you one 
hour, one and a half hour time, then you can write the report. Sir, what is not clarified I will 
clarify again. 
Manoj Jain:  
Yes, sir, regarding this only I said that I had sent an email to you people but, regarding this only 
and but it was not answered, sir. That's why... 
Sai Kumar: 
I regret it is unanswered, sir, verbatim it will be answered in next 72 hours. 
Manoj Jain: 
Okay, sir, thank you, thank you for this and one more, one more question, small question I can 
ask, that any further plans of equity dilution for your company, means can you give any kind of 
indication that any kind of equity dilution in the future which you are planning? 
Sai Kumar: 
As and when as and when it is contemplated, we'll keep you informed, sir. 
Manoj Jain: 
Okay, sir. Okay, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Hi, sir, just a clarification. So you said out of INR1,300 crores of order book, INR500 crores is 
IDL and rest INR800 crores are standalone. 
Sai Kumar: 
Yes, sir, yes, sir, yes. 

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Ankush Agrawal: 
So INR800 plus INR500, that's the number, right? 
Sai Kumar: 
Yes, yes, order book. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Okay, okay. That was all. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shreyans Gathani from SG Securities. 
Please proceed. 
Shreyans Gathani: 
Hi, good evening, sir. I had a question on the acquisition. So if you could give some more details 
around, which space the acquisition is in and what size of acquisition are we doing, what 
revenues, just some more details on what we are looking to acquire? 
Sai Kumar: 
Acquisition is strategic in nature once again, okay. But we are bound by NDA, I cannot disclose, 
on exactly what it is actually because many of the people, will make their own assumptions out 
of it, but good strategic acquisition. Wherever we are doing acquisitions, we will be doing where 
we do not have a significant presence or we do not have a presence at all. 
Shreyans Gathani: 
Got it. Sir, not just like any in which specific space because I know that we're looking to acquire 
some RF company for a while now, so? 
Sai Kumar: 
NDA is signed and NDA is signed, due diligence is in the process, after we do our internal due 
diligence, it will come to merchant bank stage actually, okay, where the merchant banker is 
involved right from the NDA stage itself actually, okay. This is what I can tell you. 
Shreyans Gathani: 
Got it. Okay. And second question is on the QRSAM order, it's already passed DAC, so when 
do we expect that order coming in because I assume that that'll also be quite a significant order 
for us? 
Karunakar Reddy: 
Yes, Yes. QRSAM order, BEL already negotiation is going on, MoD is negotiating with Bharat 
Electronics. I think anytime, anytime this month only I think BEL is going to sign the MOU 
with MoD. I think this month we are expecting. Before March, all subsystem-level orders also 
they want to finalize. That is what the public sector undertaking, BDL is going to produce the 
missile, overall project Bharat Electronics is going to handle.  
So BDL we are in touch with BDL now because missile onboard systems we are doing. BDL 
already they started negotiations and the, I think before March they want to finalize, in fact. 
Shreyans Gathani:  
Got it. Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you. That's all from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vivek, an individual investor. Please 
proceed. 
Vivek:  
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on good set of numbers. My question one 
is, probably I did not hear clearly, this order of MOORED Mine would be somewhere around 
INR2,500 crores? 
Karunakar Reddy:  
Yes, DAC approval is there in place, I think INR2,500 crore, correct, yes. 

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Vivek:  
Okay, okay.  
Karunakar Reddy:  
Two variants we are doing, two variants we are doing, one approval already is there in place. 
One DAC approval is in place, MOORED Mine already approval is there, MIGM we are 
expecting anytime this month. 
Vivek:  
Okay. Regarding this Directed Energy Weapons, any progress on the order from the DAC? 
Sai Kumar: 
No, sir. It will take some more time. 
Vivek:  
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Disha from Sapphire Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Disha: 
Yes, thank you so much for this opportunity. So, sir, just couple of questions. So what has been 
the contribution for IDL so far in terms of the revenue? 
Sai Kumar: 
It means in the consolidation. 
Disha: 
Yes, Yes. 
Sai Kumar: 
See there is a consolidation happened for 45 days actually, okay, with a clock date of 16th 
November. So in terms of the topline, the contribution is around INR50.8 crores. 
Disha:  
And what sort of contribution are we expecting overall for this year? 
Sai Kumar:  
This quarter could be around INR90 crores. 
Disha:  
Okay. And sir just going ahead, I think you mentioned 45% to 50% is what we're planning on a 
standalone basis, that is organic growth. But with this IDL, we'll get the full year for 
consolidation next year, and a lot of other acquisitions also that are in pipeline. What sort of 
growth are we targeting for FY ‘27 and for years going ahead? 
Sai Kumar:  
The futuristic acquisitions may not add to the consolidation even if it is done before 31st March 
actually because hardly any time will be left, that may not be very significant actually. But 
typically whatever consolidation has happened I told whatever guidance happened I told 
actually.  
So on a consolidation basis, guidance I told you I will not be able to give any guidance on the 
consolidation. My guidance is only on a standalone basis. Guidance we will start giving from 
the next financial year onwards on a consolidated basis. 
Disha:  
Okay. Okay. Fair enough, sir. And for the IDL, I think you mentioned just to just to clarify... 
Sai Kumar:  
So my guidance ceases, till now whatever guidance we have given that ceases as of 31st March 
2026. Fresh guidance, on a because now that consolidations are happening, fresh guidance on a 
consolidated basis we will start giving from the next financial year onwards. 

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Disha:  
Okay. All right, sir. And just so just to clarify, you mentioned that IDL will be EBITDA break 
even we are expecting by this quarter and PAT and EBITDA positive from 1st Q FY ‘27, right? 
Sai Kumar:  
Yes, yes. 
Disha:  
Okay, okay. Alright. That's it from my side. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Santosh Singh, an individual investor. 
Please proceed. 
Santosh Singh:  
Good evening, sir. Hello, am I audible? 
Sai Kumar:  
Yes, Yes, good evening. Good evening. 
Santosh Singh:  
Sir, my question is around the debt level. How are you going to fund this acquisitions which you 
have planned and how would the debt would look like? That is my first question. 
Sai Kumar: 
Continue, sir, you ask all the questions, I will answer at a time. 
Santosh Singh:  
Okay, that is the first question, Yes. 
Sai Kumar: 
As far as, the ADIPL, which is going to do the acquisition, okay, we are going to infuse funds 
into that, which will meet that this thing, sir, actually.  
Santosh Singh:  
Okay. No, my question was basically is it from internal accruals or you are going to raise more 
fund, that can you give more clarity on that? 
Sai Kumar: 
Currently internal accrual, sir. 
Santosh Singh:  
Okay, okay. Second question was around this order line, I mean, order which you have, what is 
execution timeline you're targeting? I mean and what percentage of that will be, executing each 
quarter or maybe a yearly. Can you give some idea around that? The rate of execution basically. 
Karunakar Reddy:  
No, coming orders you are talking about, sir, which order? 
Santosh Singh:  
Order book, which you have. INR1,300, right? So how is that going to be, executed? Per year, 
per quarter, how is that going to be, executed? 
Sai Kumar: 
Sir, the current outstanding order book is around INR1,300 crores. On a consolidated basis 
actually, okay. So partially of that will be concluded in this financial year, and some running 
orders, fresh orders, keep coming on a short-term this thing. But majorly, the current for the next 
45 days, 50 days to for the end of this financial year, the orders what has to be executed 
everything are already in the pipeline.  
Rest of the orders, what do you call are the ones which will be executed in the next financial 
year where we have further funnel, where we are expecting orders, to contemplate for the 
guidance that is given on a standalone basis for the company actually. 

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Santosh Singh:  
Okay, okay, I got it. My last question would be basically what percentage we are, I mean 
maintaining our R&D expenditure, could you help me with that currently? 
Sai Kumar: 
Sir, average of 6% to 8% has been traditionally our R&D spend, sir, actually. Okay. This year it 
may cross that trend actually. That's how I can tell you. 
Santosh Singh:  
Okay, got it, sir. Yes, thank you for answering all my questions and best wishes for the next 
quarters. Yes, thank you so much. 
Sai Kumar: 
Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Deepen from PhillipCapital. Please 
proceed. 
Deepen: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir, my first 
question is on the lines of your acquisition for IDL Explosives. So, sir, I wanted to understand 
as to where have we reached in terms of licensing and certification pertaining to the defense 
explosives and what all are what more certification and licensing are pending?  
How much time it could take us and when can we start with the commercial production and 
maybe even foresee orders for defense explosives? 
Sai Kumar: 
Sir, it is too detailed an information which I am not in a position to disclose at this point of time. 
But broadly, I will answer your question, that a detailed compendium of the different explosives 
related to defense explosives has, is already ready. And we are for some of the things, we have 
already started placing orders for the machinery. 
For some of the things, negotiation is going on, parallelly licensing activity is also parallelly 
going on. And there is a team of expert consultants who have been nominated to do this job 
actually. Next financial year, we are likely to get, large-cap, weapon system orders for which we 
are geared up. 
Deepen: 
Got it, sir. Sir, in one of the DPSUs' commentary, so they told us that there was some supply 
chain issue that they are facing, so any slowdown from ordering from DPSUs that you might be 
seeing in or any commentary on the industry side of it that you would like to... 
Sai Kumar: 
Obviously, when the context when the context of IDL has come, I told to the previous, this thing 
also, that this is a backward integration for us, it's also a forward integration for us and a vertical 
integration also, okay. We are we are building capacities which will not only meet our internal 
captive requirement going forward, but will also be, serving as an outsourcing for the many.  
So in the current scenario, doing it in a very, very large quantity, the ecosystem is very small 
and the requirements are growing exponentially in every quarter-by-quarter basis, every month, 
rather, I should position it as. And we are observing the trend. As we do not have a full, although 
we have a clarity and idea, we have appointed, very, very senior consultant panel actually. 
Not one member, okay, a panel of senior consultant who is expertise in the explosives in the 
different types of, someone who is expert in the warhead, someone who is expert in propellant, 

Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
within propellant someone who is expert in different things, someone who is expert in 
ammunition, okay. So like this, artillery, okay.  
Like that, a panel of, consultants are, working on it, in terms of the current captive requirement 
of us and the futuristic requirement of to serve different industries, both for the public sector and 
there is a growing demand in the private sector, lot of people are entering into this project this 
thing. Even for them also IDL is going to be a support system, sir, going forward. 
Deepen: 
Got it, sir. That's all from my side. Wish you the best. Thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. And I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sai Kumar: 
Thank you so much. We extend our sincere gratitude to the Ministry of Defence, Government 
of India, for their continued trust in the Indian defense manufacturing ecosystem. Their 
confidence reflected through substantial investments is a strong endorsement of our nation's 
industrial capabilities and innovation potential.  
We remain steadfast in our commitment to delivering advanced solutions that bolster operational 
readiness and strengthen national security. It is an honor to serve the nation by all of us from the 
company and we stand fully prepared to support our armed forces under all circumstances.  
I extend my heartfelt thanks to all our esteemed investors and analysts for being with us today. 
Your continued trust and partnership mean the world to us. Your participation and feedback are 
invaluable to us. We remain committed to enhancing our performance and driving sustainable 
growth. We look forward to welcoming you to our facilities where you will have opportunity to 
observe our operation and initiatives at a ground level.  
Should you have any further questions or wish to share your thoughts, please do not hesitate to 
contact our investor relations team or write to us at investors.relation@apollo-micro.com. Thank 
you once again for your time and interest. We look forward to reconnecting with you during our 
Q4 update. Wishing you all a great day. Jai Hind. Thank you ICICI team, for arranging this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you, management. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
