 
6th February 2026  
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, Rotunda Building,  
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 543523 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
SYMBOL: CAMPUS 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of the Earnings Call held with 
Investors/Analysts 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of 
Earnings Call held with the Investors/Analysts on 2nd February 2026 and the same is also 
available on the Company’s website i.e. www.campusactivewear.com.   
 
You are requested to take the same on your records.  
 
Thanking you 
 
For Campus Activewear Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Archana Maini 
General Counsel & Company Secretary 
Membership No. A16092 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
Archan
a Maini
Digitally signed 
by Archana 
Maini 
Date: 2026.02.06 
15:01:33 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
Campus Activewear Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 02, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Campus Activewear Limited Q 3 and 9 
Months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing *, then 0 on your 
touchtone phone. 
Before we proceed on this call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-
looking statements that may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with our businesses that could cause future results, 
performance or achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. 
The Campus Activewear’s management team is represented by Mr. Nikhil Aggarwal – Whole-
Time Director and CEO; Mr. Sanjay Chhabra - CFO and Mr. Uplaksh Tewary - CBO. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikhil Aggarwal – Whole-Time Director and CEO for his 
opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today for our Q3 and 9-M FY 
'26 Earnings Call. We continue to demonstrate strong performance in Q3 and 9M FY '26 driven 
by our focus on widening distribution and strengthening our product mix, which has resulted 
in a higher ASP. The robust demand during the festive season coupled with the positive impact 
of GST rationalization has further accelerated our performance. 
During the quarter, we are related to report that our revenue surged by 14.3% Y-o-Y and our 
profit after tax grew by 37% Y-o-Y owing to sustained growth across the channels. We take a 
highly focused approach to product segmentation with a portfolio encompassing various 
occasion, channels and consumer mindsets. Building on this strong foundation, we are 
expanding our design expertise into full-scale apparel, maintaining the same agility and 
consumer-centric innovation that has characterized our Activewear journey. As pioneers in 
offering Premium Sneakers at affordable prices, we remain committed to making high-quality 
design-forward footwear accessible to a wider audience. Our Sneaker portfolio has doubled in 
volume, validating strong consumer adoption. The trend of premiumization continues to play 

 
Page 2 of 18 
out positively for us, with ASP rising by 5.2% Y-o-Y to INR 711 in Q3 FY '26. This growth has been 
aided by a higher saliency of premium SKUs and strong acceptance of our refreshed collections. 
At the beginning of quarter 3, we launched our brand campaign, “You Go, Girl” featuring the 
actor Kriti Sanon. This campaign has meaningfully strengthened our connection with women 
consumers who navigate life on their own terms, unbothered by labels and guided by choice. 
We are thrilled to see that the campaign resonated strongly with our female consumers, 
resulting in an improvement in the women's category mix. 
On the manufacturing front, we are pleased to share that our Poanta Sahib facility, which 
focuses on upper manufacturing, has now fully stabilized. Additionally, we commenced 
commercial production of premium uppers at our Pant Nagar facility in January 2026. This 
enhancement of our integrated manufacturing capabilities will equip us to meet the rising 
demand for premium products in the coming quarters. With more than 90% of our raw 
materials sourced locally and all assembly conducted in-house, our manufacturing ecosystem 
is not only compliant but also strategically independent within a BIS-regulated environment. 
As a natural progression of our brand, we have strategically ventured into Athleisure apparel 
in January 2026. This expansion not only broadens our addressable market, but also unlocks 
incremental revenue opportunities from our existing customers, while enhancing store 
productivity. This move aligns perfectly with campus' long-term vision of becoming one of 
India's prominent lifestyle brands. 
Looking ahead, we remain focused on disciplined execution, customer-centric innovation, and 
strengthening our operational efficiencies. These efforts are aimed at ensuring long-term value 
creation for all our stakeholders. Thank you and now I hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Sanjay 
Chhabra, to take you through more details on the Q3 and 9Mperformance. 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
Thank you, Nikhil. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us in Q3 and 9M FY '26 
Earnings Call for Campus Activewear. Highlighting on Q3 FY '26 performance, our operational 
revenue grew by 14.3% Y-o-Y to INR 589 crores in Q3, largely benefited by higher distribution 
which has registered a growth of 9% and online channel which has grown by around 18%. The 
company sold approximately 8.3 million pairs in Q3 FY ‘26. 
The average selling price grew by around 5% year-on-year to Rs. 711 in Q3 FY ‘26. Women's 
and kids' share in the revenue mix has improved from 18.7% last year to around 22% during 
this quarter. Our gross margins were 53.1% in Q3 FY ’26 versus 51.2% in Quarter 3 last year 
due to higher Sneaker mix and higher other income or operating revenues which is partly offset 
by lower mix of open footwear and also because of change in accounting policy by our e-com 
portals Flipkart and Myntra resulting in a lower revenue and lower trade or commission cost. 
Our EBITDA for Q3 FY ’26 was INR 115.8 crores. The EBITDA margin stood at 19.5% during the 
quarter, an improvement of 290 basis points versus last year, driven by seasonality and 

 
Page 3 of 18 
execution led higher sales in key channels helping us to leverage our fixed costs more 
efficiently. Our PAT for Q 3 FY ’26 was INR 63.7 crores. The PAT margin stood at a healthy 10.7% 
during the quarter, an improvement of 175 basis points versus last year. Our balance sheet 
remains strong with return ratio that is return on capital employed at 20% and return on equity 
of 17.6% as of December 25. 
With this summary, I will now conclude my remarks and open the floor to the moderator for 
Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Videesha Sheth from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Yes, hi. I hope I am audible. Thank you for the opportunity. So growth in the second and third 
quarter combined has been as high as 15%. So A, if you can break down the underlying levers 
of this double-digit growth, I understand you talked about widening distribution and product 
mix, etc. But probably in terms of the strategic alignment, if you could highlight the granularity. 
And B, since we are a month into the quarter now, have similar growth trends sustained? That 
was my first question. 
Uplaksh Tewary: 
In terms of quarter 2 and Quarter 3 growth, like you mentioned, around the 15% number at a 
blended level. The core reason for this, of course, is the strength of our distribution and the 
execution process, back with a very strong product story on the lines of Sneakers, as well as 
the women's story that both Nikhil and Sanjay mentioned before. So very strong execution, 
partner focus, along with a very strong product point of view, backed with a very strong 
marketing campaign, which was the “You Go, Girl” campaign that we executed last quarter. I 
think all of these things playing together is the reason why we are delivering this. And on the 
forward-looking, I don't think we will be able to give any specifics on the guidance. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Got it. My second question was that if I were to break down the region-wise revenue mix, there 
has been a good spike in the northern region, where the mix has gone up from 40%-47% odd. 
So are there any focused efforts being undertaken for the specific region, or would it be 
pertaining to weakening competition? If you can throw some light on the same, please? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
No, it is basically a complete focus on, of course, we have very different strategies now for 
every region. So the way we are playing out the distribution channel is, it is almost like a state-
specific strategy that has been formulated. And we have been addressing that for the past 2 
quarters now, almost. So that is what is giving us the leverage also, apart from obviously having 
a very strong product line, which is again like channel-focused and region-specific also at the 
same time. So multiple initiatives of these kinds have come together to give us this growth. 

 
Page 4 of 18 
Videesha Sheth: 
Thanks. Got it. And lastly, just on the Sneaker portfolio, you mentioned that the volume has 
nearly doubled. So what would the current Sneaker portfolio mix be in terms of volume and 
overall revenue? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
So we don't share that number in terms of volume. We just wanted to let you know, of course, 
the base is also, it is like a new category, which you just entered in the last 1, 1-1/2 years. But 
we are basically doubling that volume for the past, every quarter, almost, for the last one year. 
And it is a premium category. It is about Rs. 900- 910 ASP contribution just from Sneakers. So 
it does materially add to the premiumization. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Got it. I had a few more questions. I will get back in the queue. Thank you. All the best. 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Sure. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Congratulations on the strong set of numbers. And thank you for taking my question. My first 
question is with regards to the growth in the online format this quarter. It seems quite great. 
How much is this due to the shift of the festivity led and how much you would see in terms of 
the core growth on the online space? Also, in addition, if you look at, while the number of 
touchpoints for you have increased from 20,000-29,000 odd, however, if you look at the 
number of distributors, this quarter, it seems that they have come down. So if you can help us 
on these two aspects? 
Uplaksh Tewary: 
On the two questions that you asked, specifically on the online front, about 2 years back, we 
started pivoting our business from an outside based model to a market based model, right. I 
think we are pretty much complete on the journey. Only one big platform we do outside 
business model with them. Every other platform today sits on a pure market based business, 
gives us much stronger control, gives us much stronger levers of running this business, right. 
And within the larger market based ecosystem, I think we have been able to deliver extremely 
good performance in certain accounts like Amazon. I think the pivot from outright to a 
marketplace business has been the strongest in this channel, and which is also leading to the 
overall growth of this vertical. On the general trade side, we have launched a newer format of 
a super stockist, right. And smaller wholesalers or smaller distributors have been mapped 
under the super model. And hence, you might see a small reduction in the overall distributor 
account because those are not directly mapped to us. They will be mapped to an intermediary 
of a super stockist. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
That is helpful. Uplaksh, Thanks. Just one more thing. In the past, what we have noticed is there 
has been quite a volatility in terms of the quarterly performances that we have seen. But going 

 
Page 5 of 18 
now, how confident are you of at least sustaining these kinds of trends or performances going 
ahead? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Gaurav, we understand your apprehensions. That is what we are trying to fix. We have done a 
lot of interventions over the past 3 years to bring a sustainable growth and predictable growth 
to the organization. And you will appreciate that for the past at least 2-3 quarters, we have 
been consistent in doing that. And therefore, we have a high degree of confidence on the way 
forward as a lot of those initiatives which have been planned for the past 3 years are now 
materializing and coming together. So we have a high degree of confidence on the way 
forward. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. And just one last question from my end is in terms of the gross margin expansion that we 
are seeing. And it is also collaborating with the premium contribution of the Sneakers portfolio 
also increasing. So can we take the current margins, the gross margin levels at least as a 
sustainable one going ahead, if not expanding? And if you can also help us in terms of the 
certain cost initiatives that are helping you to bring the overall cost down. That would be the 
last set of questions for me? 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
Yes, we targeted an improvement in gross margin versus our last year numbers in our annual 
business plan. And we are sort of consistently heading towards that. However, our business is 
dependent on seasonality or sort of skewed by seasonality, festivals, and marriage seasons, 
and also the product mix. We are trying to be consistent. And the next quarter would be more 
towards open footwear. So it would be unfair to compare quarter-on-quarter gross margins on 
a full year basis. That would be a right reflection. And the aspiration is to improve versus last 
year. And on the cost side, of course, we are trying to be more consistent in terms of phasing 
of our production. That helps us to plan our facilities or lines and optimize on the cost side, 
which is able to help us in mitigating the inflation on account of minimum wages, etc. And that 
is what is translating into leverage benefit, which is getting reflected in the numbers. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir, just one clarification. Actually, the reason why I have this question was based around if you 
look at the ad spends, the ad spend was quite a decent jump of around Rs. 65 crores in absolute 
that we saw. So what are your comments in this context that is the ad spend this quarter a bit 
more higher because of the seasonality and probably this would normal out for the yearly 
average that we normally have seen in the past? 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
Yes, of course. This quarter, the ad spends are higher because of our TV campaign and also the 
digital campaign. 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
But it was just to give more clarity on that. We are, as you know, focused on long-term brand 
building and we did about 10.2%, if I am correct, in Quarter 3 last year on the ad spend versus 
10.9%. So this is, of course, a quarterly seasonality thing as well. At the same time, we have 

 
Page 6 of 18 
been in line with the overall ad spend that we have planned within the budget. So we don't 
want to reduce on the ad spend at this point. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. And just lastly, sorry if I may slip in one more question. On the new Athleisure apparel 
venture, if you can give us more insight into what, is it just now, right now, only introduced in 
the EBOs or is it also piloted in some MBOs as well? How are you going about it? How are you 
thinking about it? Some more color you can give out? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Sure. So currently, we are very excited to launch this entire new category. This has been on our 
bucket list for quite some time and we are glad that we came around to getting it launched. 
Basically, it is going to increase our addressable market significantly and we expect, because 
this is a similar model to how the bigger companies, the MNCs have grown across the world 
and this is a natural pivot for us as a sports company and organization. And this should 
incrementally add to the first-door economics meaningfully. But at this point, it is basically a 
pilot that we have done in about 60 odd EBOs and we will continue to add more EBOs because 
there is a small change we have to make into the EBO as well to add a trial room and a certain 
area dedicated for apparel space. So as we are doing that, we will continue adding more and 
more stores to the mix. But at the same time, we have also launched it on our brand.com and 
Myntra and Amazon. So it has been launched on these three platforms at the same time. So 
far, the result is very encouraging. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you, Nikhil. That is it from my side. 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Thanks, Gaurav. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Umang Mehta: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a great quarter. My first question was on online. 
So continuing on what Gaurav was mentioning, you have seen an acceleration in online growth 
despite a slightly early festive this time around. Are you tracking share gain on the platform? 
Anything on that front, if you can highlight, with whatever data you get from the platform? 
Uplaksh Tewary: 
So yes, like I mentioned earlier, that there is a very strong pivot towards the market-based 
business and we are aggressively expanding the channel as well. This means the pivot has been 
very strong as well as the women pivot. One of the strongest channels to have delivered both 
of these key organizational directives has been the online channel. And I mentioned earlier, 
there has been a very strong shift or incremental uptake in our Amazon business as well. We 
have pivoted completely from an outright plus market business to complete market business 
over the last 18 months. And we have been able to work a lot on the input metrics or the 
metrics that are required to succeed. So we are trying to get better at the marketplace 
operations as much as we can. And as well as since there is no published data that these 

 
Page 7 of 18 
channels offer us, I would not be able to comment on that. But of course, there will be some 
improvements for sure, looking at our performance. 
Umang Mehta: 
And what was the mix of marketplace versus outright and 3Q? 
Uplaksh Tewary: 
So apart from, there is only one platform that we do outright business to do as a stick. 
Umang Mehta: 
Are you able to share a percentage of online sales, which came from marketplace versus 
outright? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Would be approximately 80-20 or like 75-25, roughly. 
Umang Mehta: 
Got it. And second question was for Sanjay sir. So on this inverted duty structure, what would 
be the approximate impact if there is no resolution by year end for the full year? 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
We are still evaluating. As far as raw materials is concerned, we have started filing the refunds 
with the state governments for the inverted duty structure. 
Umang Mehta: 
Got it. And just one bookkeeping. So could you call out the optical or physically the adjustment 
in business model of the online platform? What was the impact on topline and other item this 
quarter? 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
Yes. For this quarter, it was approximately Rs. 10 Cr. 
Umang Mehta: 
Got it. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. Please go 
ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi. Good evening, sir. And thanks for taking my question. First of all, congratulations on a good 
set of numbers. Sir, I believe that there is a GST rate cut for a large part of the products that 
you sell. And this quarter would also have seen some impact of channel upstocking, which is 
what the feedback is wherever there are GST cuts. So if you step out or let us say just look at 
channel upstocking first, would you be able to give us an adjusted number of our growth this 
quarter if you adjust for that? 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
We don't see any channel upstocking. Our inventory with the channel partners continue to be 
at 84 days at the end of this quarter from our DMS data, which hovers in the range of 80-90 
days. So it is very much within the norms. And so far as we believe that we are working on 
replenishment models. So whatever secondaries are happening, we are able to match it with 
commensurate primary sales and keeping an eye on the inventory levels with the distributor 
partners. 

 
Page 8 of 18 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. And if I may ask, at a consumer level, what would be the price reduction on a blended 
basis for Campus as a company? 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
At a consumer level? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes. 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
At different price points, we had to change the MRP. So let us say the MRP reduction would be 
in the range of 5%-6%. 
Sameer Gupta: 
But for you, like a large part would be in the range of INR 1,000-2,500 MRP, right? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
All of it actually, yes. 
Sameer Gupta: 
But there the GST cut is from 18 to 5%. So technically, a 10%-11% kind of a price cut should 
have been passed on, right? 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
No, but our price, our selling price normally is below INR 1,000. So it is for us, the expected 
pricing is normally at 12%. 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
You are looking at the MRPs, Sameer, right? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes. 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
You are looking at the MRPs, but our transaction value, our billing value is like 50% of the MRP, 
approximately, as a thumb rule. 
Sameer Gupta: 
But, sir, the GST rate would be dependent on the MRP only, right? 
Sanjay Chhabra:: 
Sameer, sorry, if your correction is at the consumer level, the benefit would be higher. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Thanks for this. Lastly, sir, with free trade agreements being signed, I know it is out of context, 
but footwear as a sector has become more competitive as an export. And given your 
manufacturing prowess, would you be like exploring this opportunity going forward? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Yes, absolutely. It is an exciting opportunity, given that we are one of the lowest cost producers 
as a country, right. So we will definitely be exploring that market. 
Sameer Gupta: 
So any plans as to CAPEX or supply augmentation in near future? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
No, we have already invested, as you know, into Pant Nagar and Poanta just came online and 
stabilized. And Pant Nagar, the new investment that we recently announced 4 months back is 
already live with production. So now we expect to stabilize that plant soon and that will 

 
Page 9 of 18 
definitely add to the existing capacity. So we are good for the time being. We don't need to 
invest more. 
Sameer Gupta: 
But sir that would be for the domestic market, right? If you are exploring newer markets and 
exports, you would still need more capacity plus some level of business exploration, etc. Some 
team there or something on those lines also, right? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Adding capacity is not a constraint as we already, we have invested into the landed building of 
Pant Nagar, which is anyways very large. And we are just activating a small portion of that. So 
we have enough space to add capacity as and when required. And it is very quick for us, like 
we don't take time to do that. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Great, sir. Thanks for this. I will be back in the queue for any follow-ups. Thanks a lot. 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Sure. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from VVT Asset Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
Yes. Hi, Nikhil. So I have two questions. First one is with respect to the Apparel business, you 
mentioned that you are doing Athleisure apparel primarily through EBOs right now. Is that 
correct? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Hi, Resham. So it is EBOs, of course, is a big focus. But we have also launched on brand.com, 
i.e., campusshoes.com, Myntra and Amazon. 
Resham Jain: 
And possibly, compared to the existing footwear business, this will have a much larger online 
play, given that this category itself is very large and you are the largest player on the footwear 
side. So that will give some kind of help to you on the online side? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Yes. Absolutely. Online is a big market for this category. On the offline side, we have just started 
with EBOs. First, we would like to cover the base of EBOs and possibly we can look at the GT 
model later. But that is a little too early to call that out. Online would be definitely a key market 
for us to focus on. 
Resham Jain: 
Understood. And the second one is on the EBOs. It is a very small piece right now. But given 
that our price point, which is comparatively much lower than most of the other footwear retail 
players, how are we thinking about the EBO strategy? Also, in context to most of the foreign 
brands now, they are more focusing on the experience store rather than a typical retail store. 
So any thoughts on the EBO strategy? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Yes, absolutely. So we have not actually increased the overall count in this last one year versus 
last year, FY '25. In these 9 months FY '26, our count is more or less static because we have 

 
Page 10 of 18 
shut down a few non-profitable stores and we have opened a few, right. So currently, the focus 
for us is on profitability first. We are focusing a lot on profitability and opening stores very 
judiciously accordingly. So rather than just going all out on opening stores and adding to the 
cost. And apparel is a big part of that as it will add to incremental revenues on a per square 
feet basis. So we want to absolutely bring profitability first and then continue adding more 
stores, so possibly going a little bit slower than what we initially anticipated to. Uplaksh, you 
may want to add anything? 
Uplaksh Tewary: 
Yes, on the EBO front, we are trying to get a unit economics at the store level perfectly right. 
The apparel and the other some ancillary category addition to the store is an effort in that 
direction as well, right. We as a strategy, wanted to open commercially viable stores because 
a large part of our EBO network is operated through our franchise partners. So profitability of 
those partners is very imperative and we want to get that unit economics perfectly right. In 
terms of the experiential stores, there will be certain important stores that we will open. We 
have had some stores on those lines like Bandra in Bombay and some other stores on those 
lines. We have had some stores which were made to exhibit the brand in its entirety. But yes, 
at an overall level, profitability will be a very strong favor because these stores are being 
opened across the country through multiple franchise partner networks. And to ensure that 
they are making strong returns on their investment, we need to ensure profitability stays as a 
core. But this year, since we have opened about 300 stores in less than 4 years, this year we 
are as a way to correct our footprint and do a short correction of unit economics. And then, 
after maybe a few months or quarters, we will again get back to expansion on this channel. 
Resham Jain: 
Thank you so much. Congratulations and compliments, especially on the working capital that 
you guys are managing. Quite incredible. So thanks. 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rehan Syed from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Rehan Syed: 
Yes. Good evening for the team and thank you for giving me the opportunity. Like most of the 
questions have been answered, so I just want an understanding regarding your replenishment 
model. So sir, in recent replenishment and never-out-of-stock models are key pillars. So 
approximately what proportion of Quarter 3 sales came from replenishment versus fresh 
launches? And how does this mix influence gross margin inventory risk going forward? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
We couldn't get that completely. I think there was some voice jittery there. But what I 
understand is you are asking about replenishment versus the core. Like replenishment is a core 
model definitely that we follow. It is a DMS and the digital apps that we have on the feet on 
street that the sales officers use. And through that model, we basically replenish the inventory, 
which we see at the distributor's top level, which is diminishing but which has high sales. So 

 
Page 11 of 18 
that is how we replenish and it is an automatic replenishment model. So we are moving 
towards that direction. Currently, we are developing technology to auto-replenish the depleted 
stock levels. 
Rehan Syed: 
And just for clarification, you have mentioned that for this Quarter 3 sales, majority of our 
revenue comes from replenishment, right? 
Uplaksh Tewary: 
I am just trying to explain how the model works. There is a made-to-stock and made-to-order 
model, right. So we are trying to move as close to the made-to-order model, right. We have 
distributor meets and retailer meets that we have to have through the year, right. We have a 
grand distributor meet that happened in May this year and followed by a host of this retailer 
meet where the distributor calls the retailer partner. And this was done primarily in quarter 2 
this year and extended into Quarter 3 as well, right. Through this mechanism, we collect orders 
through a varied host of networks in the general trade side, right plus, we have started using 
digital tools to make this even more efficient. We are trying to leverage the inventory visibility 
in DMS to plan our inventory management. We are using a tool to do order gathering at the 
DMS meet, at the distributor meet, as well as the retailer meet. We have genesis in our retail 
pause through which we use our weekly replenishment cycle for our EBOs as well. And online 
also, we use Unicommerce as a partner through which we run our daily and weekly 
replenishment cycles, right. So there is no way to distinguish what replenishment is. I thought 
I will explain the definition of replenishment. We use basically a secondary tracking mechanism 
to be able to drive our business objectives, right. It is not made to stock and then try to put it 
in the system. We take extra efforts to get input from the market through the EBOs, be it online 
or via the general trade or retailer network and create orders or products according to that, 
right. So that is what our replenishment model is. 
Rehan Syed: 
Thank you for clarification. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir, three questions. First is, for the quarter, we saw 5% plus ASP increased. At the same time, 
you mentioned because of the GST, we took a 6% price cut. That makes it a nearly 11% on 
product-wise increase. So where are we getting this increase from in the market? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Sorry, Ankit. Can you come back again with your question? 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure. I saw there was an ASP increase of 5%. 
Moderator: 
Ankit, I am sorry to interrupt. There is a background noise from your end. That is why we are 
not able to understand what you are speaking. Can you please move to the pointer? 

 
Page 12 of 18 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sorry. Can you hear me now? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Yes. 
Ankit Kedia: 
We saw 5% ASP increase in the quarter, while at the same time, you mentioned that there was 
6% price cut due to GST. So if the GST cut would not have happened, probably the ASP increase 
would have been 11%-12% odd. Where are we getting this ASP increase from at the full 
portfolio? 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
Ankit, I think your understanding is incorrect. GST never gets added to my sales revenue and 
hence will not impact my ASP. The 5% increase in my ASP during the quarter is primarily driven 
by improvement in mix. And it is two types of mix. One is your channel mix and one is the 
product category mix. So in the product category side, our Sneaker has shown almost doubled 
versus last year. So that is one key contributor. And on the other side, on the channel side, the 
more we sell in the marketplace and our own brand.com, we are able to get a better realization 
and that results in an improvement in ASP. So the GST has nothing to do with my ASP because 
that is never part of my sales revenue. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Understood. My second question is on the revenue contribution then. We saw upwards of Rs. 
1,500 contribution increase from 53%-58%. While understand on Sneaker portfolio, which will 
be sub INR 1,000, that contribution increasing from 16%-21%. What has led to the above Rs. 
1,500 contribution? 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
So it is again as I mentioned, the second lever, the channel lever. So on the online site, the 
realizations are higher and hence what you call saliency has shifted from Rs. 1,200-Rs. 1,500 
more towards Rs. 1,500 and above. And that is what is getting reflected. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Is it a conscious effort to reduce inventory in Rs. 1,000-Rs. 1,500 price point? 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
There is always an effort to move towards premiumization. So my sneakers are, my realization 
is higher, the MRP is also higher. So that way the brackets would change towards premium mix 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Ankit, it is also a seasonality mix because quarter 3, of course, we sell higher premium mix, 
slightly higher premium than let us say, quarter 1, which would be more focused towards open 
category. So there would be some changes in terms of that mix on quarter-on-quarter basis 
also, in terms of the premiumization and semi premium saliency. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Referring to more on Y-o-Y basis, because Q3 FY '25 numbers we have. And on that basis, even 
in sub INR 1,000 price point, we have seen a good 400-450 bps movement, sub INR 1,000. So 
that I can understand it could be, due to, the Sneakers where you said is average is 900-950 
bps price point. But the gap between INR 1,000 and 1,500 from 31% to 20% odd is a very big 
change in positioning also in the semi premium category? 

 
Page 13 of 18 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Sure. That is also in part to some of the Sneakers that have done very well for us in the INR 
1,500 plus category, right. So their saliency has also added to this mix change. 
Uplaksh Tewary: 
Just I think there is a bit of a confusion. When you are mentioning INR 900, right, when you are 
talking about INR 900 as the ASP for Sneakers, right, that is my ASP in my revenue, right. And 
the table I think you are referring to is the MRP table, the share of INR 1500-3000 that you are 
referring to in the table that is the MRP table. So that INR 900 would be correlated to about an 
INR 1,800 MRP. So just to clarify these things, right. So the INR 900 is my realization, MRP of 
the product would be tentatively about INR 1,700-1,800. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure, got it. My last question is on your new brand ambassador. Now, Kriti Sanon was a brand 
ambassador for competitor retailer for 3-4 years. And in that time, if I look at that retailer's 
revenue, it didn't move significantly. In fact, they lost significant market share. So what made 
you sign her as a brand ambassador for the new women's product? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Well, we think she resonates very well with the long-term brand building aspiration that we 
have. And she has significantly contributed. The campaign has done incredibly well. So I am not 
sure of her past or like whatever happened in the previous company. But she has done 
extremely well, in terms of consumer pull, has been significant as the women category, as you 
know, has grown by almost 40%. So yes, some share of that credibility, we will have to credit 
her also to that. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Understood. Thank you, Nikhil and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Yes. Hi, Nikhil. Congratulations for growth pickup. Nikhil, first question is on Athleisure 
category. The growth is struggling for quite some time now, right? So this is the data that is 
available for some of the publicly listed players. And we will be competing against various MNC 
brands over the preferred online channel, where all these players are also present. So I just 
wanted to check how have we positioned our products to sort of gain share within this 
category? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
So yes, great question. So firstly, of course, this is part of a strategy in terms of leveraging the 
brand equity that you have created over the years, right. And as you know, we are very strong 
in the Tier 2 and 3 markets and now Tier 1 as well is the share is very significant. So this is a 
very good add on, supplementary category to invest for us as a brand, like it may not be a very 
good decision for a newcomer, but for a mature brand like us, it makes a lot of sense. And at 
the same time, like the quality and the price point that we have launched it is very attractive. 
So very high quality at very reasonable pricing, right. As we understand, it is a competitive 
space. So it will take some time to build this category up for sure. But the pilot so far has been 

 
Page 14 of 18 
very encouraging and also currently the mix that we have launched in this is more towards 
summer apparels. The winter collection is still quite fairly new and like less in terms of SKUs. 
So as we progress into the summer season, we are sure that we are going to get an even better 
response on top of this. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Great, sir. And second, there is this big GST reduction that has happened for the upcoming 
launches for the new season launches that will take place now. So I wanted to check, will we 
be working with the lower MRP price points or we are focusing on providing better products at 
similar pre-GST MRP price points? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Yes, the value proposition definitely will increase significantly, right. So for example, the same 
shoe for INR 1,500 bucks, INR 1,499 will have significantly more value than what it previously 
had in terms of the new product launches. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So the MRP, that magic price point that we operate at, right. So they will broadly remain stable 
and we will be providing better products is the right understanding, right? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Absolutely, yes. So there will be more value addition, if I can put it crudely, like there will be 
definitely more value addition in the same price point. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood. And last question from my end, Nikhil. So when we see from a demand 
environment post this big GST cut, if you can share your reading from the channel perspective, 
because our growth has definitely picked up, but there are certain new businesses like women, 
sneakers, etc., which have added to the overall growth. The like-to-like growth in, say, men's 
footwear would still be relatively lower versus the company average, if my assumptions are 
right. So what is your reading on the demand environment as of now? Has it improved or it is 
still a bit of a challenge? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
So demand has improved to the extent that it normally does a little bit better, of course, in 
terms of the season as well in terms of quarter 3. And after GST cut, it has improved a little. 
But I would say it may improve further going forward because it is still not as per what the 
industry is expected. And this is for the entire industry. The demand hasn't picked up the way 
the industry anticipated it. And in terms of the growth, what we have done is we have added 
and diversified into newer categories like increasing the share of sneakers and women. So 
these are the ancillary categories that have helped us overcome this demand, let us say, 
stagnation or whatever you want to call it in the market. And as the GST benefit overtime starts 
flowing into the overall industry demand, it should definitely help us as a tailwind as well. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, just one small final bookkeeping question. From a channel margin perspective, I am talking 
about, say, a retailer or a distributor, how are their margins? Are they on MRPs or there is a 
fixed component that they get on selling a pair of shoes? So suppose if the MRP is INR 1,500, 

 
Page 15 of 18 
so the retailer gets like, say, around 20%-30% of that MRP, or is it like a fixed amount that he 
gets for selling that pair? 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
We have different margin structures, both for retailers and distributors to take care of, by and 
large, their fixed costs. And we do run periodic or seasonal schemes or incentive programs, 
which are targeted both for primary and secondary to drive certain behaviors. Let us say, if I 
want to propel a woman category or I want to propel some sales in a higher price point, so 
those all are through tactical seasonal schemes. However, there are defined margin structures 
for both distribution and retail channel to take care of their fixed costs. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So these margins are percentage of MRP or what do we say, the anchor point? 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
Yes. They are on a percentage to MRP and not per pair basis. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And even for distributors? Or for distributors, it is on percentage of what you bid? 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
No, everywhere it is percentage to MRP. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Great, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Yes. Hi, Nikhil and Sanjay. How  you are all? Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to 
understand on the demand side. So pretty commendable numbers. We have not seen similar 
kind of growth by other footwear companies which have posted or are likely to post now. So if 
you can just share some color in terms of what has driven numbers for us vis-a-vis others. I 
understand that online has been a big driving force for you. So if you can just share some more 
insight over here because online, historically, we were having multiple models and the outright 
model that you were selling didn't really work. So how have things changed and what is the 
sustainability of this growth? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Hi, Ali. So like we have already called out in the call. So multiple initiatives, we have taken. So 
demand certainly isn't as expected by the industry. It has not picked up as much as is evident 
from the other companies' results also. So what has worked differently is that a culmination of 
things like sneakers portfolio edition and women's, we have added to the women's category 
significantly in terms of the SKU account and the NPD launches have been very well received 
along with the brand ambassador. So that has worked really well and apart from that, online, 
of course, is a big focus area. It has always been, but we have also been very aggressive online 
along with the profitability, it is not just a burn model for us. It is profitable, more than, I think, 
the other companies that operate on. And of course, in terms of general trade, we have added 
a number of retailers as well, like 29,000 count is the first time we have reached that kind of 

 
Page 16 of 18 
count. So that has given much more predictability to the cash cow channel for us, which is the 
distribution channel, right. So number of these things, nothing has changed for us in one 
quarter, is what I am trying to say. This is a culmination of the effort for the past 2 years, like 
any product range that we need to launch today, the journey for that starts at least a year 
before, like to conceptualize and think about the future products that have to be launched. So 
for example, currently, we are working on 2027 range, 26 is already done industry trade for us, 
like it is already in the bag. So that is the cycle in terms of innovation and product development 
that you work on. And so, whatever has happened in this quarter is, of course, incredible 
performance by the sales team. And at the same time, we were able to execute very well in 
terms of all the demand that was generated for the articles, right. So yes, it is just a number of 
things coming together, I would put it like that. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. This is very useful. So incremental growth, if you can share how much has come from 
the women category, as well as the new Sneaker category that you have launched. And I 
understand this would have come mainly on the online channel, given that is the segment 
which has grown significantly? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
So Sneaker has done well across both the platforms across distribution and online, right. So 
distribution, of course, the MRP would be slightly lower than online. But overall, like Sneaker 
has been very well accepted across platforms. And so we see a healthy growth going forward. 
So that is where we have invested in terms of capacities as well, to make very high-end 
sneakers and I don't think many setups exist in India today, at least to manufacture these 
qualitative sneakers, the ones that we have invested in. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
So could you share out of this 14% growth, how much would have been your new products, 
specifically the women and Sneaker category, would have contributed to your growth? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
We don't share that data Ali, unfortunately. Because it is like a strategic confidential data, 
right? 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Sure. And that is what has also driven your margins, improved realization and margin is mainly 
because of the new products coming at a slightly higher price point. 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
Yes, Ali. I would attribute that margin expansion primarily to the mixed part. As I mentioned 
earlier, it is both the levers, product mix, and which is Sneakers and the channel mix, which is 
online. So both played its role as far as material or gross margin is concerned. And we are highly 
skewed towards quarter 3. This is our biggest quarter. So that has resulted in some leverage 
also, fixed cost leverage, which has helped us to expand our EBITDA margins. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. And going now into the new season, you think, this kind of growth is sustainable with 
the new products that you have launched and the amount of funding that you are creating 
towards creating new products? 

 
Page 17 of 18 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
Again, I think it is a forward looking statement, I would refrain from commenting on that. 
However, our sales are like each quarter is a different quarter by virtue of seasonality, festival 
occasion or marriage season. And as I mentioned, initially that quarter 4 would be the later 
part would be more towards open footwear. So we need to take that into perspective, both in 
terms of revenue and also in terms of product mix. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Yes, I understand that. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Shakir, I am sorry to interrupt you, sir. I would request you to rejoin the queue for follow 
up question. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Tejash Shah: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, you highlighted Sneakers and new category, women 
category as a key growth lever for this quarter. What percentage of our network is currently 
dealing in these products? 
Uplaksh Tewary: 
Hi, Tejash. Uplaksh this side. Every part of our network today primarily would be dealing in 
these two categories. The extent of penetration of these categories will be different depending 
on the evolution of the channel. A more modern channel will have a slightly higher share of 
women than Sneakers. A slightly traditional channel will have a lower share, but there would 
be no channel currently in our ecosystem that you would not be focusing on these categories. 
Does that answer your question? 
Tejash Shah: 
Yes, it does. So basically, as of today, whichever channel fit that we understand, the products 
are placed there. So placement-led lever is not there from here on. Is that the right 
understanding? 
Uplaksh Tewary: 
Placement can be wider. Placement can be deeper, right. So those levers will always keep on 
getting activated. Even if you are there in Sneakers stores, you can always be in stores, right. 
So that will never stop, I think. And since these are newer categories from our evolution, I think 
there will always be scope for further enhancement of these categories. The scale and the 
quantum of growth will, of course, over time taper once we reach a critical mass. But I think 
they will continue to be growth drivers for us, at least in the near future. 
Tejash Shah: 
Perfect. Very clear. Second, what is the primary kind of value proposition that is working for us 
in Sneakers? Is it largely fashion or functionality or is it performance in price? Obviously, the 
answer could be all of this, but just as a key proposition, what is working? 

 
Page 18 of 18 
Uplaksh Tewary: 
By the construct of this category, it works on fashion and look and feel more than functionality. 
That is the reason why consumers buy this category to look good and not to go for a run, right. 
That is the intrinsic nature of this category. So this category first pivots on fashion and look and 
feel. But also, we would want to, since we as a brand have been known for our value 
proposition of comfort and durability, we would build these added advantages to every 
product that we do. So that underlying value proposition of Campus will never go away. But of 
course, this category being a fashion-driven category or something you wear to look good, 
right. So that fashion element will always be there. And hence, we try to take aspiration and 
inspiration from the best in the industry or from the leading trends of the market. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sure. And last one follow-up here. In this stage of product NPD evaluation and then acceptance 
also, how do we get confidence that there is a demand pull or repeat purchase which is getting 
created and then hence, there is a very wider acceptance of the product and not just the initial 
kind of push growth which is happening? 
Uplaksh Tewary: 
So the first phase, of course, is to get the products placed, right. There is a demand generation 
which we do through our partner network. Our partners can be distributors, can be a review 
partner, can be LFR partners, can be an online partner, right. We take inputs from them in 
terms of what are the requirements. We create products accordingly. We do our consumer 
immersion. We understand what is happening in the market, what is happening in other 
countries, what is happening in competition, what is happening from a trend point of view, 
right? Then our first objective is to get these products placed in the market to the extent 
possible, right. So there has to be a minimum throughput placement to drive understanding of 
the success of the product, right. For that, we do understanding of feedback from a retailer or 
a consumer point of view to understand what works well and what doesn't. We have a very big 
network of our own stores as well, right. 300 stores is a very big base for us to do any form of 
A-B testing that we want to do, right. So we get that feedback and depending on the feedback 
and the response, we know whether this will be one of our top iconic products or will it be a 
great product or it may not be as high a volume as we might have anticipated, right. So that is 
the first step primarily goes into reach and then depending on the consumer or retailer's point 
of view, we take a call on how do we replenish it, right. But our first will is wide enough to 
ensure that we get a very strong data input from the market. 
Tejash Shah: 
Quite clear. Thanks and all the best for coming quarters. 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint, that was the last question for today's concall. On behalf of 
Campus Activewear Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and in 
case of any further queries, please reach out to Campus Activewear's Investor Relations team 
at ird@campusshoes.com. Once again, thank you ladies and gentlemen and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
