 
 
 
Registered Office: 1002, Dev Corpora, Cadbury Junction,
E: sales@neogenchem.com
T: +91 22 2549 7300
Eastern Express Highway, Thane (W) 400 601, India.
W: www.neogenchem.com
F: +91 22 2549 7399
CIN No. L24200MH1989PLC050919
 
 
February 18, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Kala Ghoda, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code No: 542665 
Debt Segment Code: 977028 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Company Symbol: NEOGEN 
 
Sub.: Q3FY26 - Earnings Conference Call Transcript.  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed herewith the Earnings 
Conference Call Transcript of the Company’s Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on                
February 12, 2026 at 2:00 p.m. IST. 
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
being 
uploaded 
on 
the 
company’s 
website 
at 
https://neogenchem.com/financial-performance/. 
 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Neogen Chemicals Limited 
 
 
 
________________ 
Unnati Kanani 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A35131 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UNNATI 
RAJESH 
KANANI
Digitally signed 
by UNNATI 
RAJESH KANANI 
Date: 2026.02.18 
13:13:14 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
Neogen Chemicals Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Neogen Chemicals Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Neogen Chemicals’ Q3 FY26 
earnings conference call for analysts and investors. Today, we are joined by senior 
members of the management team, including Mr. Anurag Surana, Non-Executive 
Chairman; Dr. Harin Kanani, Managing Director; and Mr. Gopikrishnan Sarathy, 
Chief Financial Officer. 
 
We will commence the call with opening thoughts from the management team, after 
which we will open the floor for your questions. Before we begin, a standard 
disclaimer: certain statements made or discussed on today's conference call may be 
forward-looking. Actual results could vary from these forward-looking statements, 
and a detailed disclaimer is available in the Q3 FY26 earnings presentation, which 
has been uploaded on Stock Exchange websites. 
 
With that, I would like to invite Dr. Harin Kanani to share his perspectives. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you, Nishid. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss 
our third quarter fiscal 2026 financial results. I trust you had the opportunity to 
review our Investor Presentation. I will provide a summary of our operational 
performance and an update on our key strategic growth initiatives.  

 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
Q3 served as a period of steady recovery and a decisive pivot towards a future-ready 
portfolio for Neogen. 
Despite global market volatility, our core business remained 
robust, underpinned by demand resilience in Pharma, Flavors and Fragrances, and 
other specialty applications. With our product optimization initiatives and the Dahej 
replacement plant nearing completion, we are firmly on track to achieve our growth 
ambitions. 
 
Before our CFO provides a detailed financial overview, here is a quick summary on 
a consolidated basis. We delivered 9% revenue growth in Q3, with gross profit up 
13% with around 150 basis points margin expansion. While top-line growth was 
strong, EBITDA and PAT were pressured by transient costs related to Neogen Ionics 
ramp-up, elevated operational expenses due to fire incident and interim toll 
manufacturing setup, and higher finance cost from Dahej plant reconstruction and 
other investments. These are short-term impacts as we pivot to a future-ready 
portfolio. Furthermore, eligible costs, at least part of the eligible cost, will be 
recovered through loss on profit insurance claims in the coming quarters, mostly in 
the next financial year. 
 
Regarding the fire incident, we received INR 83.48 crore in insurance claims till nine 
months FY26. Accordingly, net claim receivable stands at INR 251.12 crore. We are 
maintaining a close dialogue with insurance companies to expedite the final 
settlement of the remaining balance. Concurrently, construction of replacement plant 
of Dahej is progressing rapidly, with commissioning on track for Q1 FY27. We are 
confident this new facility will be fully compliant and optimized for enhanced 
operational efficiency. 
 
Moving to updates on strategic expansion initiatives on battery materials:  
 
Strategic Indo-Japan alliance for electrolyte salt production 
We have successfully concluded a joint venture with Japan's Morita Investment 
Limited to produce and sell LiPF6 salt globally. Neogen will hold an 80% majority 
stake in the new entity - Neogen Morita New Materials Limited - supported by a $ 
20 million investment from our partner for the rest of the stake. The JV integrates 30 
years of proven Japanese technology to accelerate international customer approvals 
and production efficiency. Notably, this establishment is India's only non-FEOC 
compliant electrolyte salt plant with proven established technology, offering a 

 
Page 3 of 23 
 
 
strategic alternative to the Chinese supply chain while advancing Atmanirbhar 
Bharat through significant import substitution. 
 
Pakhajan greenfield project 
Our Pakhajan greenfield project is progressing as per schedule, with commercial 
production for electrolyte targeted for H1 FY27 and electrolyte salts for H2 FY27. 
This timeline is strategically synchronized with India's ACC battery rollout and the 
surging global demand for non-FEOC compliant supply chains. At the facility, plant 
equipment has arrived, assembly is currently underway, and trial production is 
expected to commence shortly. We have already achieved a major milestone by 
securing long-term commercial supply approval from a prominent giga-scale Indian 
manufacturer following successful PPAP completion. On the international front, we 
have received provisional approval of our lithium electrolyte salts from multiple 
global clients now, while final site audits are expected to be concluded in Q1 FY 27.  
Upon commissioning, Neogen will emerge as a highly cost-competitive global 
source for lithium salts and electrolytes, backed by proven Japanese technology. We 
are currently seeing significant tailwinds from the US 45X tax credits non-FEOC 
requirements and recent price volatility in China, both of which enhance our appeal 
as a strategic global partner. We expect several large-scale international customers 
to finalize their approval process shortly, paving the way for bulk consignments and 
regular commercial productions in H1 FY27. 
Looking ahead, we are at a pivotal inflection point as we transition from project 
execution to the commencement of regular long-term supply agreements. We are 
confident that Neogen Ionics will become the cornerstone of our future growth, 
diversifying our revenue streams and enhancing our margin profile. By integrating 
world-class Japanese technology with our indigenous manufacturing excellence, we 
are enforcing Neogen's position as a technology-led leader within the global battery 
chemicals value chain. As electric vehicle and energy storage ecosystems evolve, 
our readiness to supply material at scale positions us to capture substantial market 
share, delivering long-term sustainable value to our stakeholders. 
 
That concludes my opening remarks. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Mr. 
Gopikrishnan Sarathy, to provide a review of our financial performance for the 
period. Over to you. 

 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
Gopikrishnan Sarathy:Thank you, Dr. Kanani. Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Neogen Chemicals' 
Q3 FY26 earnings call. I will share the financial highlights. Please note, all the 
numbers are on consolidated basis.  
Our revenue for Q3 reached INR 220 crore, representing 9% year-on-year growth. 
This was led by higher volume across both, organic and inorganic chemical 
segments, reflecting a steady market demand. Notably, we maintained resilient 
operating volumes despite temporary capacity bottleneck at our Dahej facility. These 
were effectively mitigated through strategic toll manufacturing arrangements. 
Additionally, Neogen Ionics contributed INR 12 crore to the quarter's revenue as we 
continue to scale our battery chemicals vertical.  
Breaking down our performance by segment - our organic chemical revenue reached 
INR 187 crore, a steady 6% increase year-on-year; and our inorganic chemical 
segment showed even stronger momentum, delivering INR 33 crore in revenue, a 
35% growth compared to the same period last year. 
EBITDA for this quarter stood at INR 32 crore, demonstrating sequential resilience 
despite several transitionary headwinds. On a year-on-year basis, our performance 
was impacted by temporary cost factors, specifically the operational overheads as 
we scale up at Neogen Ionics, and the additional interim toll manufacturing 
expenses. These were incurred mainly to keep the customer supply on during the 
plant reconstruction. We view these short-term costs essential to protecting our 
market share and preparing for our future growth. 
As highlighted by Dr. Kanani, the near-term pressure from these transitionary costs 
will be balanced by insurance claim recoveries under the loss of profit policy.  
We reported a profit after tax of INR 4 crore for the quarter. The year-on-year 
variance is primarily attributable to the increased interest expenses related to our 
capital expenditure at Dahej, alongside the front-loaded expenditures at Neogen 
Ionics as it prepares for the large-scale commercial production. 
Turning to corporate update: 
 
Reflecting their deep confidence in the long-term growth trajectory, the Board has 
granted in-principle approval to raise up to INR 150 crore via preferential issue of 
equity shares to the Promoter Group. This infusion underscores the Board’s 

 
Page 5 of 23 
 
 
unwavering commitment to Neogen's expansion and provides financial flexibility to 
accelerate our growth initiatives. This preferential issue is subject to the necessary 
regulatory approval.  
That concludes my remarks. I will now request the moderator to open the forum for 
Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
 
The first question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes, good afternoon. Could we please start with the update on the gross and net debt 
balance at December 2025 and also some colour on the working capital trends? It 
does seem like the inventory DSOs and receivable DSOs have increased during the 
quarter based on the numbers given at the back in the tables. What exactly were the 
reasons for these and what our outlook is for improvement on that front? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Hi Abhijit, thanks for your question. Yes, there is an increase a bit in the inventory 
as well as receivables. I think the (increase in) receivables is in line with increase in 
the business and overall what we expect, as we have said that this year, the debtors 
and the creditors will be more or less matching each other. 
And in terms of inventory, there will be a little bit of increase this year because we 
are right now working with multiple external vendors and we also want to build in a 
little bit of inventory because we want to stop the external vendors by the end of the 
year and we want to start internal production in Dahej in the first quarter of FY27. 
When we start internal production in the beginning, the plant is just ramping up. That 
is the time where we want to ensure that if there is a slight delay in production or 
ramp-up, our customer needs are taken care of. So, we are building up a little bit of 
inventory by the end of this year, so that we can take care of the next quarters. 
As our Dahej plant starts and streamlines in the second half of the year, inventory 
should come on line and we maintain our target that once we have full utilization in 
the next financial year, by the end of next financial year, our inventories would be at 
around 140 to 160 days, is what we are targeting on the inventory side. 

 
Page 6 of 23 
 
 
And as we said, debtor-creditor usually depending on whether more international or 
more domestic sales, the debtors are usually between 60 to 90 days kind of a range 
by the end of the year and that is what we would like to target. And generally, debtor 
and creditor levels will try to keep at a similar kind of level. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes, thanks, Harin. So, just the gross and net debt numbers if we could share at 
December 2025 end? 
Dr. Harin Kanani:  
The net debt that we have today is around INR 680 crore on standalone basis and 
around INR 1,175 crore on a consolidated basis. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you for that. Second thing, just on the receipt of the money from Morita 
towards their 20% stake in the JV: by when do we expect to get that? And also, this 
INR 150 crore preferential allotment to the Promoters: by when would that money 
be expected to come in? 
Dr. Harin Kanani:  
There are four non-business flows which are, non-operational flows which are 
significant, which are coming, let me share with you that. On the insurance front, we 
are very close to getting another INR 60 crore as a second interim payment against 
the rebuilding of Dahej plant, against the capex loss. That is expected within this 
week. It was actually supposed to happen, but there were some last-minute 
procedural issues between the insurance companies, which slightly delayed (the 
payment). So we are expecting around INR 60 crore within this week. And the main 
stock claim between INR 150 crore to INR 170 crore is expected before end of March 
2026.  That is around INR 210 crore which is expected here. 
In reference to the $20 million which we are expecting from Morita, we have to 
request our bankers because the entire project was part of one. Now we are taking 
the bank's permission to separate it out as two different entities. So that is in progress. 
As soon as that is received, we can complete the rest of the formalities, transfer the 
asset to the subsidiary, Neogen Morita, and then we can receive the equity from our 
partner. That will be towards the end of current quarter and depending on the final 
timing, maybe either this year before March 2026 or a little bit in April 2026. But 
basically by Q1, we should receive money from there.  
And finally, the INR 150 crore by the Promoter. Our intention is to basically put the 
money before the end of March 2026. However, there is some regulatory approval 
which is needed because there were some transfers during trust formation from my 

 
Page 7 of 23 
 
 
father and mother to the respective trusts. So we are seeking a clarification. 
Depending on the regulatory approval, either it will happen before March 2026 or it 
will happen in Q1. But in the worst case, by Q1 next year, we would have INR 150 
crore from the Promoter, we would have around INR 200 crore from the partner, and 
we would have at least INR 200 odd crore from insurance. So we expect around INR 
550 crore to come either in this year or in Q1 next year. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Understood. No, that is very helpful. Thank you for that. Just a last couple of ones if 
I may. One is on the salt order receipts. Obviously, I think in the presentation and in 
your remarks you have mentioned that things are moving well and we are somewhat 
close to receiving the order. If you could please put some more color around it - 
exactly what is the status of things and by when do we expect to see some meaningful 
shipments happening there? 
Dr. Harin Kanani:  
As we said in our opening remarks, a lot of people have shown very strong interest 
both, in the regular larger customers as well as non-regular, who will buy just one 
time or two times or something like that. Those sales have already increased and that 
is why you can see smaller but value-wise, a significant increase in terms of our 
quarter-on-quarter sales in the salt business.  
For me the most important point is that while we have one customer with whom we 
have completed majority of the requirements, they have now started working on the 
final timelines for approval. As we had said, we will expect that by Q1 FY27 to 
happen. But in parallel, three to four other customers who, as we had said, had 
discussed earlier, have already started taking samples or some of them have started 
approving our samples and because of what is happening in Lithium, even our 
intermediates like, the simple Lithium salt, have also received very strong inquiries.  
Unfortunately, the approval cycle is such that some of them have already approved 
our samples, they plan to do audits in the month of March, April, May 2026 and then 
maybe if we have something to do, some corrective actions based on that. So we 
expect by June 2026, our Dahej site should get audited and approved. And by that 
time, as you can see, most of our capacity will also be coming on-line. Once these 
capacities come on-line from Q2, Q3, Q4, we can see good salt-related revenues 
coming in from Dahej.  
And in case of Pakhajan also, we are trying to speed up the salt so that by Q2 financial 
year, by September 2026, when we said, second half, but we want at least trial 

 
Page 8 of 23 
 
 
production to start in first half so that we can start the validation process and 
maximum by December 2026 we try to get the Pakhajan site also approved so that 
we can take the maximum benefit of the 2027 requirements.  
So, I would say Dahej site should be fully qualified through several customers by 
June 2026, that is Q1, by the end of Q1, and sales should start in Q2. And Pakhajan 
we are targeting in the second half, but our target would be to complete it by Q3 so 
that it starts contributing to the sales from Q4 in the next financial year. 
Abhijit Akella: 
And on the capacity addition slide, the 1,100 tons to be commissioned at Dahej, the 
timeline is now mentioned as March 2026. I believe last quarter it was December 
2025. Any particular reason for the slip of three months? 
Dr. Harin Kanani:  
Our team had a training session with Morita team. Our team actually went to Morita's 
plant and had a hands-on training session. And during that, they picked up some of 
the improvements which we could further do. So we are implementing that. Most of 
it is almost ready, but we wanted to (implement the improvements) and we also had 
some slight design change which we carried out in the additive production part of 
that. Its just that we were implementing some changes in the design for further 
improvement, so it went to March 2026. Anyway, still we have not received the 
approval, so we felt it is good to get them done now rather than start and then again 
stop. That is the reason why we decided to complete them now and complete the 
expansion by March 2026. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thanks a lot. Just one last thing from my side, Harin. One is, there were some news 
articles recently regarding the fact that one of the largest potential customers of yours 
who could set up battery capacities in India has kind of put their plans on the back 
burner because of lack of Chinese know-how or technology that they could source. 
Any thoughts on that? And the other thing just to add in quickly. Bromine prices 
have been very strong in recent times. Has that had any impact on our business in 
terms of realizations and is it possible to just break down the volume versus price for 
this quarter for organic and inorganic? Thank you so much. 
Dr. Harin Kanani:  
First, about the customers. The specific customer which you mentioned, we have not 
received any such communication from the customer and we continue to discuss with 
them how we can meet their demands and those discussions continue. On the second 
point about Bromine prices being strong: most of this has been -- see again, it is not 
a very big difference, but I know for example in case of Lithium, in case of Organo 

 
Page 9 of 23 
 
 
Lithium, we have slight volume increase. And in case of organic derivatives, it is 
very difficult to give you volume growth because the product mix changes quite a 
bit. So overall there is volume growth, yes, but it is because of the product mix, really 
that volume growth does not tell you too much. But specifically with regard to 
Bromine prices remaining, it has not changed too much of our business because 
usually most of our Bromine is contracted for a longer period of time and with our 
customers also, we have contracts. So, from one contract to another it kind of gets 
material. So unless you have a two-times, three-times increase in Bromine (prices), 
we really do not see a big impact related to that. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arun Prasad from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead. 
Arun Prasad: 
Good afternoon, Dr. Harin. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is - I am 
just reflecting back to our commentary in the previous call - we said that some of the 
last stage of approvals for salt, your customers will be visiting your facility in 
February 2026, I mean Jan-Feb 2026, or online and then approval, and then the final 
approval. Now we are once again talking about the timelines three to four months 
down the line. So just to understand, why this repeated delay in the approvals? I 
understand they have bit more time to comply with the regulatory requirements, but 
what is actually causing this continuous deferment of the approval timeline? That is 
my first question. 
Dr. Harin Kanani:  
So Arun, we had said by Jan-Feb 2026 we will be ready with all the modifications 
which they need, post which, they will do it online or visit. So that is today the status. 
We are today in the middle of Feb 2026, and we are right now completing. And what 
we have basically intimated that yes, we have carried out most of the changes. So, 
we keep discussing with them every alternate week. They said, okay, we will let you 
know what is going to be our action plan going forward.  
So whether they will come within one, two weeks, whether they will come in three 
weeks, I do not know. But we were supposed to be ready by Jan and Feb 2026, which 
is what we are ready and now, they can come anytime. And what I told is, by June 
2026, not only the existing customer but even the other customers also who are now 
approved, even they are likely to complete, so some of them started late. And even 
these guys now are saying, okay, I will come for an audit in April or March or 

 
Page 10 of 23 
 
 
something. So by June 2026 what we are expecting is all, even the new customers, 
also should complete. 
Arun Prasad: 
And for this new customers also this is the final leg of the audit or it is just the 
beginning, first audit? 
Dr. Harin Kanani:  
No, no, final. Final leg. Of course, they can come and say, I want a plant which is 
similar to your Pakhajan plant. So that is a call which they will take once they finally 
come and do. I cannot predict that. But yes, I mean that would be the audit. If they 
come, they are satisfied, then we can start. And then maybe some of them say, oh, 
Pakhajan is going to be a much better, much bigger plant because it is designed from 
scratch. Maybe we will just wait six months and take it from Pakhajan. So that can 
happen. But many of them right now are showing urgency to buy now. So we hope 
that they will start buying from Dahej and then move over to Pakhajan afterwards. 
So from three or four, maybe one or two will go this way. The others may say, I will 
wait for Pakhajan and then start. Because anyway, the capacity that we have in Dahej 
also is relatively limited. 
Arun Prasad:  
And Dr. Harin, we also heard that some of your US customers are going through 
some restructuring where the OEMs earlier had entered into the JV and later on they 
are backing out. Does it concern you that at this stage this kind of restructuring is 
happening which could potentially again delay the approvals or something like that? 
Dr. Harin Kanani:  
I think maybe you are talking of GM and Ford, doing some JV changes, etc. We are 
not affected by any of those. 
Arun Prasad: 
Does it also reduce your potential clients from say, earlier you might have a mix of 
clients between OEMs and battery manufacturers and now potentially OEMs 
backing away from directly being a stakeholder in the manufacturing. So we will be 
having a reduced pool of such customers? Is the right way to look at it? 
Dr. Harin Kanani:  
No. Arun, basically, you have to think that majority of the OEMs or these JVs are 
basically OEM cell producers. Basically what happens is when you are thinking of 
an electrolyte intermediate, which is LiPF6, the two main vendors are the cell 
producer and the electrolyte maker. So these are the two people who have to approve 
you. And in some cases, the cell producer will also be an OEM.  And as I explained, 
as compared to before where we had, maybe one company, which had contracted 
with Neogen. With the Morita JV that we have done, there are several more who are 

 
Page 11 of 23 
 
 
interested. So actually our market in a way with the JV has expanded and more 
customers are available to us as compared to earlier. 
Arun Prasad:  
Okay, understood. Second, you spoke about various fundraises which are going to 
happen across in the next six months, roughly INR 500 to INR 600 crore. This will 
be largely utilized for the working capital requirements as we scale up the business 
because most of your capex’s anyway you have already tied up. So is it the case or 
we will be again going for the separate working capital loan? How should we look 
at this? 
Dr. Harin Kanani:  
Whatever money we are raising, some of it would of course, the JV money which is 
going to come, that will be partly used for completing the capital projects because 
there also some contribution is still needed. As you see our total debt, you have not 
utilized all the term loans fully. So there is some contribution required from us. Partly 
it will be for that contribution, partly will be for working capital reduction. And it is 
all not fundraise. That is the money which is going to come in, whether it is from 
insurance, the second is from the JV, and the third is from what we currently propose 
as promoter infusion. 
Arun Prasad: 
And our first interest payment, that is a moratorium that still we are few quarters 
away, right? And for the principal repayment? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes, for whatever loans we have in Dahej, let us say if we are completing in Q1, then 
the first principal repayment will be Q1 of FY28. And in case of Pakhajan, it will be 
right now say H1. So, if we are saying H1 FY27 is when it starts, then H1 FY28 
would be the equivalent first repayment after that. So, one year from the start of the 
plant. From the SCOD. 
Arun Prasad: 
All right. Thank you very much, and all the best. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 360 ONE 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is in terms of our guidance for FY27 
and beyond. We had indicated that we will be having about INR 400 to INR 500 
crore from the battery chemicals part of the business. However, there has been slight 
delay in terms of commissioning of the project in terms of approvals. So, do we stand 

 
Page 12 of 23 
 
 
with the same guidance or we would like to revise it for FY27 and maybe that will 
fall back even on FY28? Thank you. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
No, our guidance remains the same because, the guidance the expectation was that 
our Dahej site will be fully ready by June 2026 and our expectation that, we will start 
having sales of this from basically Q1 and majorly from Q2 onwards. So that remains 
the same. Therefore, our guidance does not change. We have right now not 
considered the Q4 sales from Pakhajan. So that we have kept as a backup. 
 
If there is further delay or so that would be like an additional sales which will happen. 
Just our Dahej sales and whatever expected electrolyte demand should be able to 
allow us to reach the original target and whatever we do in Q4 either in case if there 
is any slip-up from Dahej, than Q4 salt sales will be contributor for that or that will 
then be an additional one which will be over and above what we have planned. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure, that is helpful. And on the Neogen Ionics, the Morita JV. How this entire deal 
has been structured, effectively valuing the JV at $100 million? What is the current 
infusion by Neogen in terms of equity as well as debt and there will be another $20 
million which will come from Morita? Given that we have INR 1,500 crore of total 
investment planned for this, how will the equity participation and the debt look like 
at when the entire investment has been made? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Basically, we are still discussing with the banks. One thing which is very clear is 
80% is going to be Neogen's portion, 20% is going to be Morita's portion. We are 
still discussing with the banks exactly the debt-equity ratio which we have once we 
do the separation. We are hoping they will maintain at the same 70-30 level. 
Depending on that, whatever is the balance which is not contributed by the bank will 
be in the form of equity. Some of this has already been contributed in the form of 
equity. I will be able to give a better clarity on this once we have the final clarification 
from the banks, the loans are separated and we are able to take it separately. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. Just one clarification. So effectively next year when Dahej starts generating 
the revenues, there will be a 20% minority interest for the equity stake of Morita. Is 
that right understanding? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
No, not in Dahej. Dahej is 100% Neogen. Only the Pakhajan site is going to be 
through Morita. 

 
Page 13 of 23 
 
 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Okay. And can you just split up in terms of Pakhajan site what could be the potential 
revenues in FY27 and maybe on a longer term in FY29? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
In Pakhajan, the salt business - if the question is from the point of view - the Pakhajan 
site is going to be for Morita, only the salt part will be Morita and Dahej, the 
electrolyte will continue to remain with NIL. So, in FY27 as I explained earlier that 
currently we have not considered significant sales because it will be in Q4, we have 
kept as a bonus. 
 
So, most of what guidance we have given will be largely NIL sales. Maybe, some of 
that would be routed through NML, because ultimately, for example, the salt in the 
international business is going to be sold by the JV. But from a revenue point of 
view, I think most of this would be NIL for FY27.  
 
If we talk of FY29, see FY29 is a bit tricky, because it depends on how much of the 
salt we are consuming internally and how much of the salt we are selling in the 
international market. Now that depends on how the international market develops 
beyond the initial years and the desire to have a China-free supply chain, etc. And 
the second is how the Indian customers choose whether they want local supply of 
LiPF6 or they want lower cost or you know, so it depends on that. 
 
So actually, if you see, we have to take care of our existing international customer 
demand as well as Neogen's own internal consumption, then we would need more 
capacity for the salt because the current capacity of salt is not going to be enough. 
We will have to add capacity. But I think that clarity and that decision will take 
somewhere towards end of FY27 or FY28 to take care of the FY29 demand. 
 
Because India electrolyte demand is still developing, in FY27 and FY28, the existing 
salt, the capacity will be sufficient to take care of both. But by FY29, if we have to 
take care of both international as well as local consumption, then we need to add 
more capacity. So I think it is a little bit difficult for me to tell you in FY29 how the 
breakup will be. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. This is helpful. Thanks a lot for answering all the questions and all the best, 
sir. Thank you. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you so much. 

 
Page 14 of 23 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Meet Katrodiya from Niveshaay. 
Please go ahead. 
Meet Katrodiya: 
Yes, good afternoon, team. Thank you so much for the opportunity. One question on 
the US side. If Chinese origin salts get restricted from let us say 2027, is it possible 
that US customers think about pre-buying and storing inventory in 2026 and then 
start using it in 2027? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Meet, there are two things. The batteries which are made in 2027 cannot be using 
Chinese. So, it is not about buying, it is about making batteries which are not 
containing the material. So, it does not help them to store and use that. It is not like 
custom duty which is going to come up. It is a different thing. It is on the usage. So, 
that is not happening. The second thing is the way things stand today, with Chinese 
prices, sometimes China is even more expensive. Third point is even if you wanted 
to store and use, usually the shelf life is not more than 6 months even at a electrolyte 
salt stage. So, I do not think they can store too much of it. 
Meet Katrodiya: 
Got it. And also, when customer talks about reducing China dependence, how does 
it actually play out in practice? Do they typically start a phased dual sourcing ramp-
up or ahead of the time they will start from Q3/ Q2, FY27 onwards or when we can 
see the major ramp-up from US customers? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
There are two types of customers. There are some customers who are cautious who 
started working with us 2 years back, preparing for it. There are few customers who 
are saying that yes, they would like to have a ramp-up, so they will have Q2 some 
quantity coming from Neogen, then Q3, then Q4 and then maybe next year further 
quantity. So there are some customers like that. There are some which are very price 
sensitive. So, of course now last two months the things have changed, but till that 
time they said that till Q4 we will audit you, we will validate you, everything we will 
keep ready and Q4 is when we make the switch. Because that is what is regulatory 
driven.  
It is completely like that, there was one customer who was more regulatory driven. 
There were some customers who wanted to be cautious, wanted to gradually scale 
up. Other customer says approval is very complicated. First do Dahej, then again do 
Pakhajan…so I will start only directly from Pakhajan. It is a mix of those. And some 
of these also keep changing because they had some different response when the 
Chinese prices were very low three months ago. Now they have another response 

 
Page 15 of 23 
 
 
where they said that okay, before I said I will buy only from Pakhajan, but now okay, 
maybe I can consider Dahej also. So let me start approving Dahej. So all this is like 
changing customer to customer and again depending on the market situation. 
Meet Katrodiya: 
Got it, very helpful. And last one based on the ongoing negotiation with customers 
and ecosystem players in India. Any rough indication, actual working with the actual 
cell capacity operational by let us say end of 2026 and how that number looks to you 
in 2027? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
You mean calendar year 2026 and 2027? 
Meet Katrodiya: 
Yes, right. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Sorry, what was the question again? The voice was not very clear. 
Meet Katrodiya: 
Yes, I asked that based on your negotiation with customers and your ecosystem 
players in India for the battery cell manufacturing, any rough indication how much 
actual cell capacity can come online by the end of calendar year 2026 and how does 
that number look in 2027? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
You are saying cell manufacturing capacity, right? 
Meet Katrodiya: 
Right. Battery cell. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Okay. Battery cell manufacturing if you see right now what we have to go by 
whatever is public information available. So Ola has announced to go from 1.5 to 5 
giga. Then you have a 3 giga which is starting of Exide and 4 giga which is starting 
from Waaree Energy. So if you look at that, between them technically you should be 
having around 12 gigawatt hour of production which will be coming online in the 
current year. 
And by end of this year, you should have 12 giga, if we say 12 giga and if the ramp-
up happens okay, every month, for example, 1 giga kind of consumption should be 
reached by let us say end of December 26. So the actual production may be like 3 
giga or 5 giga or 6 giga depending on how it ramps up.  
But when you enter 2027, you enter with a 12 giga of already installed capacity. And 
to this you may have to add then whatever Reliance has announced and Amara Raja 
has announced and Tata has announced. So if you think of their original starting 

 
Page 16 of 23 
 
 
capacities also, what they wanted to do. So Reliance intention was to reach up to 40 
giga in one year from start. If you look at Amara Raja, I think the starting capacity 
was around 2.5 or 5 giga and Tata has not announced the starting capacity. So if you 
add all of that you should be let us say at least about 25 giga, 30 giga by end of 2027 
as we enter 2028. And, by that time you might and sorry you also need to add that 
by that time if Ola further increases the capacity or Waaree's intention to increase 
capacity from 4 to 20 or Amara Raja or Exide's plant to increase from 3 giga and 
beyond. So, I think by end of 2027 we should be if everything goes well by end of 
2027, we should be 40-50 giga plus entering into 2028 based on what customers have 
shared till now. 
Meet Katrodiya: 
Got it. And one question on let us say if I was talking with many players, so everyone 
is of the view that everyone will prefer to have two suppliers, right? One primary 
and another maybe secondary. Let us say if in India, if Waaree wants to have two 
suppliers, so what is the let us say moot or maybe the USP of Neogen that it can be 
the primary supplier as compared to other competitors? Just want to understand what 
are the qualitative terms that Neogen pitched to Waaree or maybe other guys also 
that they prefer to have Neogen as the primary supplier. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I think one is we are already ready. We already have three-four years experience to 
make it in the lab and supply successfully and last one or two years even from a 
commercial plant in Dahej. Second, we have Mitsubishi collaboration. Mitsubishi is 
known to be the best electrolyte producer in terms of quality. So, then you can be 
100% sure about the quality of the supply.  And the third is we have the backward 
integration. Fourth is we have actual capacity because one of the thing is you need 
to have the capacity. So right now we will have a 30 gigawatt hour worth of capacity 
which will be ready so that nobody has to worry about whether Neogen can supply 
enough quantity or not. I think these three, four things make Neogen in a positive 
note.  
And just for your reference not everybody in electrolyte has always two suppliers. I 
know historically many companies where one single supplier, if they feel the risk 
they will ask the same supplier to keep multiple plants, but sometimes they can have 
one single supplier exclusively. So two suppliers is not always a necessity in case of 
electrolyte. 

 
Page 17 of 23 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Ghuge from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Harin, my question is on our CDMO and advanced intermediate business. How much 
was the contribution from these two business verticals in 9M FY26 and how is the 
progress and the inquiries in CDMO and advanced intermediate business? Any 
guidance on that for FY27? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Nilesh, thank you so much for asking a question other than battery. Appreciate that. 
No, I think CDMO and advanced intermediates, we are slightly better as compared 
to last year and for the first 6 months, 9 months, we were actually ahead as compared 
to last year. Whatever POs which we had with our customers, we completed and now 
some of the new revised repeat POs, people are waiting especially on the CDMO 
side for the new site to come online. 
We have shared our progress with the customers and maybe by end of this month or 
from March 2026 onwards customers will start visiting and we expect again some 
repeat orders or new projects which were on hold, we can start receiving orders 
against that.  
But overall I think we will expect that as we go let us say this year, if you look at the 
run rate we are at around INR 800 crore-plus kind of a revenue and as we go from 
INR 800-plus to INR 950 crore or so. We feel CDMO and advanced intermediates 
will be a significant area where we will have growth. If I were to just look at 9 months 
numbers, they are basically the same as compared to the previous 9 months at a 
CDMO and advanced intermediate level. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Despite our Dahej facility not being there, right? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes, despite. There was one semiconductor customer that required a specialized 
equipment. They had enough inventory so we had to skip, we could not do this year. 
Despite Dahej not being there, we were able to maintain at same levels. Most of these 
products we were able to do from Mahape and Karakhadi. Some we could not do so 
we could not register a growth there, but we were able to maintain. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
And secondly on this toll manufacturing arrangement that we made because of non-
availability of our Dahej facility. What percentage of revenue is currently coming 

 
Page 18 of 23 
 
 
from that and when we are ready with our Dahej facility, do you expect some margin 
expansion because you are shifting from tolling model to in-house production? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes, currently some of the higher costs that you are seeing will reduce, as we move 
from other expenses, which will change a bit. Whatever is the tolling related 
expenses, that will go away. Of course, some of it will come in the form of additional 
power and fuel kind of expense at our Dahej plant. But net of what we feel is, you 
will have improvement in our cost structure. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
How much business currently we are doing through our tolling model that we can 
shift to our in-house production? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Nilesh, it is very difficult for me to say because, you know, in some cases I am just 
doing one stage there. It is not that, completely it has been done. We are using it on 
a need basis. And you can basically say that we are able to maintain our current 
revenues because of several sites, we are not using just one site, there are several 
sites which we are using in different ways. 
So, you know, just like most of it whatever we want to use it will be done by March 
and April 2026 onwards, our Dahej plant will start getting available partially, maybe 
by end of June 2026, we feel it will be fully available. So with the inventories that 
we will build up and the first quarter, the way once the production starts, I think we 
should be okay and then let us say Q2 onwards you should not see that, we will have 
a stable production. 
So one, you know, as we try to get INR 950 crore, our quarterly run rate also 
improves to INR 225 to INR 250 crore kind of range in the next financial year, as 
well as some of the tolling related expenses will go down. And also our insurance 
premium, the first year is the toughest, that is from July to July. So once that July 
gets over, from next year, maybe Q2 or Q3 onwards, you have Dahej which is fully 
stabilized. You have the worst of the insurance over. And the tolling arrangement 
cost is also gone. And hopefully by that time, Dahej also will be contributing from 
Q2, Q3 onwards significantly on the battery material side, so that is when you know 
you will have good improvement in our performance. 
Nilesh Ghuge:  
Okay. Thanks Harin. Thanks a lot. And all the best. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you Nilesh. 

 
Page 19 of 23 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratham Kankariya from Quantum Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Pratham Kankariya: Yes. I had one question on the inorganic segment. If I exclude the Neogen Ionics 
revenue, the trend has been on the downward side for the inorganic chemical 
segment. If you can present your views, - what is the cause for this? Is this solely 
attributed to the downward lithium prices? But now that also have spiked up. So, just 
wanted to get your view. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. It is solely attributed to the downward lithium price and the spike impact we’ll 
see maybe little bit in Q4 but more in the next year if the spike is maintained. So, 
because till Q3, the lithium prices started increasing by November, December 2025, 
almost towards December and in January you saw most of the increase to happen. 
So the material from there will hit me by March or April 2026. Before that, you will 
not see a big spike. 
Pratham Kankariya: Okay, sure. But, still revenue has come on the lower side. Solely attributed to the 
price, right? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. 
Pratham Kankariya: Okay, fine. Sure. Thank you. That is it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jason Soans from IDBI Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jason Soans: 
Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Now probably it is a given that Pakhajan will 
ramp up only in H2 FY27 as you mentioned. Now, just accounting for that. Would 
we be able to clock in INR 400-INR500 crore from battery chemicals in FY27, 
accounting for that and any approximate revenue estimations for FY28 as well? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
See, we have considered very limited from the salt sales from Pakhajan, because we 
said it is in H2. So electrolyte will be stable in H1 and as you know I answered earlier 
that increase in capacity of Ola, Exide getting stable, then you know we said even 
Waaree starting. So maybe we can expect some electrolyte revenues coming in the 
second half from these people ramping their operations up. 
So that is what is something which we have considered. And as I explained, we said, 
the salt in Pakhajan will come in H2. So, technically we have not considered any 

 
Page 20 of 23 
 
 
sales, although we are on track that at least in Q4 we can get some sales, but I have 
right now kept it as a backup that in case this year, from the time we got listed first 
time, whatever revenue projections we had given we had to make a significant 
correction. 
So I am a little bit more careful. What we have done is that Q4 whatever Pakhajan 
salt sales we have not considered, if Dahej is slightly delayed or electrolyte is 
delayed, the Q4 salt sales will allow me to make up for that so that we do not go 
wrong on our guidance in the next financial year. And I think FY28, it is too early 
for me to give a number, but one thing which looks very strong to me is that our salt 
capacity should be utilized at 80% or more. 
You know, because that is something which is in very strong demand. If I sell it in 
the form of electrolyte, it will be higher. So if I look at today's market price and, if 
you think of 5,500 tons of total salt capacity and if you think of a 80% utilization 
even on that, that is around 4,400 at $20-plus kind of price. Salt and additive is even 
higher. So on an average price above $20, if this assumption is valid. Then you would 
have an INR 1,000-crore plus kind of revenue. And of course, whatever I sell in the 
form of electrolyte, that’s further value addition. So, it should ideally be beyond INR 
1,000 crore. But how much beyond is a little bit difficult for me to tell you. 
Jason Soans: 
Sure. But at least for the initial estimate you said INR 400-INR 500 crore, we are 
sticking to that. For FY27 for battery chemicals. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. There is no change in that.  
Jason Soans: 
Yes. Because you said electrolyte at least will be stable and at least we will be able 
to garner some volumes from the electrolyte sales. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. And we see, electrolyte sales unfortunately I am dependent upon how my 
customers start their plant. There is nothing which I can do beyond. So that is why I 
have kept the Pakhajan Q4 as a backup where anything we do over-perform there 
can be a backup in case, India electrolyte demand does not shape up as much or in 
the beginning approvals in Dahej are delayed. So we can kind of make up for that. 
Jason Soans: 
Sure. And if you could tell me, 30,000 MT is what you are clocking in at Pakhajan, 
which will come on stream in, in terms of electrolytes. So by H1, how much will be 
online, from the 30,000 MT? 

 
Page 21 of 23 
 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
By end of H1, the way the plant is, we are doing a joint trial with Mitsubishi. So our 
idea is that the entire 30,000 MT, there are three lines and all the three lines would 
be tested and we would be ready for the 30,000 tons kind of annual capacity, which 
is monthly like around 2,500 tons. 
But, we will take care of the operational side, if we do not see in the first year, 
business visibility, in terms of planning our people or some other expenses, we will 
kind of do it gradually. But the plant will be ready for the entire 30,000 MT together. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay, sure. And just in terms of revenue growth from the base business which gets 
talked about less nowadays. Just to understand in FY27 and FY28, and as FY26 was 
subdued, I understand the fire incident, but with FY27, can we expect double-digit 
revenue growth especially with the Dahej plant coming on track post the fire? So 
just wanted to know for organic, inorganic, how do you expect the base business, 
can we expect a double-digit revenue growth there? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay, sure. And just lastly, wanted to understand in terms of this QIP, this INR 150 
crore as you mentioned, just a little bit unclear on this. So, the INR 150 crore is it 
that Promoter group is going to increase the stake or is it just a regular QIP which is 
done? Just wanted to get some clarity on that. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
No, this is a preferential issue. We felt that, Neogen could help with the equity. We 
know the insurance money is also coming, the equity is also coming. But as I said, 
there is a good salt demand also. So we felt that you know if we have to do a little 
bit more on the salt or additive or as well as in the interim, if we had that equity then 
that would really help Neogen to seamlessly continue. And make sure that all our 
execution in 2026 happens seamlessly, and that was the whole idea. So we as a 
promoter group decided to invest INR 150 crore. But as I said, there is just one 
clarification we need to take because my father and mother had formed a trust, which 
was the family trust, and you know SEBI already gives permission that it is a 
promoter and promoter group. But because of that, there has to be some cooling-off 
period. So, whether that is needed or not, we are just taking some regulatory guidance 
on that. But otherwise the idea was to bring in INR 150 crore in the Company before 
March 2026. So that will also reduce the interest burden, and give us lot of flexibility 
on things that we want to do. 

 
Page 22 of 23 
 
 
Jason Soans: 
But that comes in from the Promoter group. Is that right? So our stake which is right 
now at 51.22%, that increases in the company. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
That is right. Yes. 
Jason Soans: 
That is right. Okay, that is great. And one last thing, this insurance claim money, I 
understand you said Morita is fine it'll take some time, INR 150 crore from the 
Promoter at least in Q1 FY27, this insurance claim, of INR 200 crore for the stock 
claim, by when can we get this? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
INR 60 crore is expected maybe today, tomorrow like you know within a week, 
because the insurance company had already taken all the documents from us for 
release of the INR 60 crore, we had the agreement. This is the second interim against 
rebuilding the plant. So we have two stock and rebuilding the plant. Against 
rebuilding the plant, they are ready to issue INR 60 crore at any given point of time. 
There are five insurance companies, so they all have to pool into the lead insurer and 
the lead insurer transfers the money to us. So that process is ongoing, and that should 
happen anytime. 
Then, the stock claim was also, the insurance company had appointed a third party 
Big 4 kind of auditor. So that process is almost complete. They should finalize the 
report, based on that surveyor should finalize the report, and you know based on that 
the money should ideally be released before March 2026. But it can slip up, so that 
is why I said March or April 2026. But we are working very strongly now with the 
insurance, that look we have built the whole plant. In fact, if everything happens, we 
can even ask for the third interim because you know this should still be INR 140 
crore. 
So, we can still ask for one more interim release before March 2026. But at least 
these are the two which I am currently taking. And then of course in the next year, 
as I explained earlier, that the rebuilding cost is going to be more than the loss. So, 
the balance material which is left against the rebuilding plant, as well as the higher 
rebuilding cost. So that has to be assessed and that has to be released and the loss on 
profit has to be assessed. 
So that is something in my view, the first part the balance on the stock, I mean, sorry 
the balance on the capital rebuild should happen before September, and maybe the 
loss on profit should happen somewhere between September to December. So in a 

 
Page 23 of 23 
 
 
way, everything from the insurance ultimately hopefully should be achieved by 
September to December next year. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay, thanks for answering the questions. Thank you. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today, which is 
from the line of Pratham Kankariya from Quantum Asset Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Pratham Kankariya: Just small thing, what would be the ceiling on capacity utilization both on the salts 
and electrolytes once we fully ramp up? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
You mean utilization wise? Normally salt would be at 80%. It is like a chemical 
plant. In case of electrolyte, it is a formulation plant so you can go up to 100%. 
Pratham Kankariya: Okay. Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question for today, I would 
now like to hand the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you all for your time and participation today. We trust we have addressed 
your queries. Should you have any further questions or require additional 
clarification, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. We appreciate your 
continued support and look forward to updating you on our progress again next 
quarter. Thank you once again. Have a great day ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Neogen Chemicals Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. Although an effort has been made 
to ensure a high level of accuracy, the Company takes no responsibility for such errors. 
 
