 
ALEMBIC PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
REGD. OFFICE: ALEMBIC ROAD, VADODARA - 390 003. ● TEL: (0265) 2280550, 2280880 ● FAX: (0265) 2281229 
Website : www.alembicpharmaceuticals.com ● E-mail : alembic@alembic.co.in ● CIN : L24230GJ2010PLC061123 
 
Date: 11th February, 2026 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 533573 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: APLLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Post Results Conference Call held on 5th February, 2026 
Ref: Our Intimation dated 21st January, 2026 
With reference to the captioned matter, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of 
the Conference Call held on 5th February, 2026. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
Manisha Saraf 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: A/a. 
 
MANISHA 
SARAF
Digitally signed by 
MANISHA SARAF 
Date: 2026.02.11 19:00:32 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 05, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRANAV AMIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. SHAUNAK AMIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. R.K. BAHETI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 
MR. G. KRISHNAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. AJAY KUMAR DESAI – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT-
FINANCE  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q3 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call of Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
We have with us today, Mr. Pranav Amin, Managing Director; Mr. 
Shaunak Amin, Managing Director; Mr. R.K. Baheti, Executive 
Director; Mr. G. Krishnan, CFO; Mr. Ajay Kumar Desai, Senior 
VP, Finance. 
 
As a reminder, this conference call is for analysts, institutional 
investors. All participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. G. Krishnan. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
G. Krishnan: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining the 
conference call to discuss the financial results for third quarter 
and 9 months ended December 2025. Let me briefly take you 
through the numbers for the period before handing it over to 
Shaunak. 
 
So moving on, we continued the momentum that we had in the 
first half of the financial year into the third quarter. Revenue for 
the quarter grew by 11% year-over-year to INR 1,876 crores. The 
quarter saw broad-based growth driven by volume expansion, 
new product launches and increased traction in ex-U.S. markets, 
offset in part by pricing pressure in U.S. generics and API. 
 
Gross margin was at 72% for the quarter compared to 74% in the 
previous year. The moderation was primarily driven by change in 
product mix and pricing challenges, partially offset by cost 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
improvement programs that we have in our International 
Business. 
 Pricing pressure in international generics, particularly in the U.S. 
and API business has persisted during the quarter. These 
headwinds were mitigated by sustained cost efficiency programs, 
helping us remain competitive in the market. As communicated 
earlier, our gross margin remained in the operating range of 70% 
to 75%. So hence, the gross margin of 72% for the quarter is 
something that we are comfortable with. 
 
EBITDA before R&D expenses and exceptional items stood at 
INR464 crores for the quarter, representing 25% of revenue 
compared to 23% in the previous year, again, reflecting an 
improved operating leverage and prudent management of 
discretionary spending during the quarter, and hence the year-on-
year EBITDA growth was at about 20%. 
 
R&D expenses increased by 33% year-over-year to INR 165 
crores for the quarter, and this is in line with the full year guidance 
of INR 600 crores to INR 650 crores that we had provided earlier.  
Profit before tax for the quarter, but before exceptional items grew 
by 15% year-on-year to INR 205 crores, again, reflecting 
underlying revenue growth and margin improvement that we have 
seen during the quarter. 
 
Profit after tax for the quarter before exceptional items grew by 
21% year-on-year to INR 168 crores.  
Pursuant to the changes under the New Labour Code, the 
company has recognized a onetime provision of INR42 crores 
towards employee benefits. However, this does not impact 
operating performance or any immediate cash flow. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Adjusted for this exceptional item pertaining to the Labour Code 
related impact, reported profit after tax was lower by 4% 
compared to previous year.  
Net working capital stood at INR 2,944 crores, broadly near the 
September levels.  
Net debt marginally declined to about INR 1,213 crores compared 
to the previous quarter. 
 
Moving on to the 9-month results. Revenue grew at 12% year-on-
year to -- close to about INR 5,500 crores. Again, growth was 
broad-based across all the businesses. EBITDA before R&D 
spend and exceptional items for the previous -- for the period was 
about INR 1,391 crores, which is 25% of the revenue and 
resulting in a 25% year-over-year growth. This reflects strong 
revenue growth and better utilization of facilities -- capacity 
utilization across facilities.  
EBITDA post R&D expenses was INR921 crores, which is 17% of 
revenue.  
PAT before exceptional items for 9 months grew by about 22% to 
INR505 crores. 
 
While I have given a broad overview of the financials for the 
quarter, I now request Shaunak to take you through the India 
Branded Business. Over to you, Shaunak. 
Shaunak Amin: 
Yes. Thank you, Krishnan.  
The India Branded delivered a 6% year-on-year growth, reaching 
a revenue of INR652 crores for the quarter.  
Gynaecology, Ophthalmology, animal healthcare segments have 
demonstrated accelerating performance.  

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Our anti-infective segment grew in line with performance, and we 
have launched successfully 4 new products in this quarter. 
 
I will now hand over the discussion to Pranav 
Pranav Amin: 
Thank you, Shaunak.  
I'm pleased to present the performance for the third quarter of FY 
'26. The Q3 performance reflects continued momentum as we 
strengthened our presence across key markets and achieved 
growth in both formulations and API. The performance was driven 
by a 36% growth in ROW markets, reflecting our strategic 
geographic expansion and focused execution. The U.S. business 
grew 6%, supported by higher volumes and new launches in the 
last few quarters despite continuing pricing challenges. 
 
We have executed a few out-licensing and manufacturing 
agreements as well that support our injectable and onco 
capabilities. These strategic contracts, along with the in-house 
products, will help us scale utilization in these new facilities over 
the next 12 to 18 months. We continue to maintain sharp focus 
on profitability and operational excellence. 
 
We filed one ANDA during the quarter and cumulative ANDA 
filings were at 270.  
Our R&D investment is approximately 9% of revenue, and it 
demonstrates our sustained commitment to pipeline development 
and long-term value creation. 
 
The focus remains on complex and differentiated areas such as 
injectable, peptides, oral solids and drug discovery with an 
emphasis on early-entry opportunities, including First to File, Day-
1 and NCE-1 launches. 
 
We received 7 approvals in the U.S.  

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
We launched 2 approved products in the U.S. during the quarter 
and cumulatively have 23 ANDA approvals and 20 tentative 
approvals. 
 We hope to launch another 4 to 5 products in the fourth quarter 
of the year. 
 
We're also on track to launch our first branded product in the U.S. 
in February 2026. Sometime in Q4, we'll do it. Pivya is a first-line 
oral antibiotic targeting uncomplicated urinary tract infections in 
women with a track record of low treatment and emergent 
adverse events. This will help us target this particular market in 
the U.S. 
 
While the launch will have an impact on near-term profitability, we 
expect the product prescription share to scale up during the 
course of the next 12 to 18 months. We are confident of the 
medium- to long-term market opportunity that the product will help 
us capture. Moreover, this helps us with a strategic shift towards 
part branded business which we can ramp up hopefully in the 
years to come. 
 
With this, I would like to open the floor open for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Damayanti from 
HSBC. 
Damayanti: 
My first question is on India business. So Shaunak, we have seen 
some improvement, but the growth seen so far is still below the 
market growth rate. So when we are anticipating Alembic India 
growth to catch up with the market growth? And what kind of 
progress you have seen versus last quarter when we spoke? 
Shaunak Amin: 
Yes. So the India business is quite complicated, and to grow it on 
a sustained basis requires a lot of interventions to make it happen.  

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Q1 of the coming financial year is where we feel we should be 
back in line with the market growth rate. 
Damayanti: 
Okay. So whether that will be driven more by improvement in 
processes or you are looking forward to some meaningful 
launches, et cetera, which can really help you to catch up with the 
market growth rate? 
Shaunak Amin: 
Launches continue to happen, but we're basing this to be more 
back of operational execution to drive this growth in Q1. 
Damayanti: 
Okay. So next fiscal is the time line where you think your India 
growth will converge with the market growth rate? 
Shaunak Amin: 
Yes. 
Damayanti: 
Okay. My second question is to Pranav regarding your upcoming 
launch of Pivya in the U.S.? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. 
Damayanti: 
So this is a branded product, right? And in this space, I think what 
we have seen in the market, there were earlier launches, which 
were good in terms of efficacy, but somehow there were a 
problem on the reimbursement part, et cetera. That's why many -
- I'll say many brands went out of the market. 
 
So what are your expectations in terms of reimbursement for this 
product? And what preparations are currently underway? So what 
makes you think, like, this will be a success compared to other 
AMR products which were there in the U.S. market? 
Pranav Amin: 
 So the success is relative, right?  what we're trying to build is just 
some kind of incremental business. As you know, we've said 
given the details about the licensing. It wasn't very expensive. It's 
a higher royalty outgo for us. We believe there are a couple of 
products already in the market, and we can position ourselves 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
well. There are some new ones which are very expensive. There 
are some older ones which are genericized. 
 
In terms of efficacy, we sit on a sweet spot.  Let's see how it goes. 
It's still early days. Let's take a couple of quarters to see where 
we stand. In terms of the reimbursement and the co-pays and 
everything. U.S. team is working on that with the respective 
customers and the bodies. 
Damayanti: 
Okay. But it's on track for launch this quarter, right, on -- in the 
fourth quarter? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. It's on track for launch in this quarter. The MRs are being 
onboarded right now. The material is being shipped to the U.S. 
So we're on track for a Q4 launch. 
Damayanti: 
Okay. And my last question is on U.S. business again, where we 
continue to see challenges on the pricing part. And then you 
mentioned some contracts on the injectable and onco space, 
which might help you in coming quarters, et cetera. So besides -
- first, like, when these contracts will start appearing in your 
numbers? And when do you think U.S. will be back on growth 
track? 
Pranav Amin: 
 U.S. is already on the growth track as we speak. We are growing 
in terms of volumes. We're growing quite a bit with the pricing 
pressure. it's 6%. Last year, Q3, we had a higher base because 
we had a few more launches in Q3 of last year, a few big launches 
that bumped up Q3 last year. 
 
But I expect the U.S. business to grow between 10% to 12% for 
the full -- on full year basis. And we are well on track for that. We 
have a few interesting launches happening in Q4 as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Candice Pereira from Dolat 
Capital. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Candice Pereira: 
So just to clarify, the R&D number is INR165 crores, right, for this 
quarter? 
G. Krishnan: 
Yes. 
Candice Pereira: 
Okay. And will it remain in this range for the next year as well for 
FY '27 9% of revenue? 
G. Krishnan: 
Sorry, your voice is a bit muffled. If I understand the question is, 
is it going to be at the same level for next year? 
Candice Pereira: 
Yes. 
G. Krishnan: 
 we will guide sometime when we start the next year. But for the 
current year, we are seeing it about 8% to 9% of total revenue as 
R&D spend. And it's been at the similar levels for Alembic in the 
last few years. So for next year, specifically, we will discuss at the 
time when we do the quarter 4 results. 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. But by and large, we will be along the same numbers 
between that 8%, 9% kind of range generally. 
Candice Pereira: 
Okay. Got it. And the other income is slightly higher this quarter. 
So is there any forex gain? And how much is it? 
G. Krishnan: 
Yes. And forex gain should not be big. So yes, so the other 
income is about INR15.5 crores, and most of that will be forex 
gain. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul from IIFL. 
Rahul: 
Sir, on the domestic business, can you talk about the challenges 
which we are facing because our domestic business growth has 
been quite tepid over the past 3 to 4 years. So we have been 
underperforming market growth. And in the past as well, we have 
talked about growth improving, but we haven't seen that playing 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
out. So just in terms of how our domestic business is shaping up 
to be. 
 
And do you think that with the kind of scale up in investments 
which we were doing for the U.S. business, over that period 
maybe the investments on the domestic business have been on 
the lower side due to which now we are struggling to grow even 
in line with market? 
Shaunak Amin: 
No Rahul, I mean, I don't think there's an issue of underfunding 
the business. I mean, if you want to talk about something that 
maybe we were too conservative on,  the whole doctor spend 
scenario in the context of UCMP, possibly we were too 
conservative and extremely sensitive to it relative to the market. 
That's what I understand. 
 
So maybe that was one of the factors which has led to this. Ex of 
this, historically, Alembic has not been a high-growth company. 
But we wanted to fix the fundamental issues that have been 
plaguing us. That compounded with the post-COVID drop that we 
saw, rather the COVID bump that we saw for a large part of our 
large brands in the business,  dealing with those -- when those 
markets prepped,  it compounded the whole view. I agree with 
you, the growth has been tepid. But we're quite confident of this 
going forward. 
Rahul: 
So some of your peers have also been actively expanding their 
rep teams in India in order to, let's say, drive penetration in some 
of the smaller Tier 2, Tier 3 markets. So while we are adhering to 
the ethical norms might have slightly impacted our growth. But do 
you think that there is a need for us to expand our field force in 
order to drive better penetration at the market level, which could 
help us to drive better growth going forward? 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Shaunak Amin: 
I personally don't think at this point we are looking at any further 
large expansions. But that being said, yes, there is a large 
opportunity in the India market, assuming if things start going as 
per our expectations operationally, I mean, we would consider 
and look at those plans to take it forward. 
 
On the point of the UCMP, I don't think it's a small bit. It's a very 
large bit.  That's a large part of many companies where there is 
extremely high growth. 
Rahul: 
Then if that is your stated strategy, that's not going to change 
going forward. So then our domestic business in the best-case 
scenario would, let's say, grow only in line with market or continue 
to slightly underperform market? 
Shaunak Amin: 
I think, Rahul, we can take this offline. It is a lengthier discussion 
because we're talking of multitudes of company. But yes, the 
alignment UCMP possibly more companies are sensitive to it 
today than they were in the last 2 years. 
Rahul: 
And a question with respect to the U.S. business. So while we 
have been aggressively investing in terms of R&D, so FY '25, we 
saw a slowdown in our R&D spend. But again, this year, there 
has been an acceleration. So when do we actually see our U.S. 
growth picking up from whatever complex opportunities, which we 
are pursuing. 
 
So Pranav talked about injectable, peptides, even drug device 
combinations. So just some outlook in terms of how do you see 
the U.S. trajectory over the next 2- to 3-year period because, as I 
said, we have been aggressively investing behind this business? 
Pranav Amin: 
No, Rahul, the U.S. business has been growing.  What's 
happening is due to increased competition and competitive 
intensity, we are finding that the opportunities are becoming little 
less. Having said that, in terms of volume, we continue growing.  

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
With some of the injectable that we're doing, we've got a few 
injectable opportunities, we're getting a few more. And over the 
next 2 years is when we should see a lot more of that coming up. 
 
Ophthalmic, we've done a pretty good job, and we've got a lot of 
market share in most of the ophthalmics that we've got and a lot 
of leadership positions over there. And injectable, the general 
injectable and complexes also, we'll do that over the next couple 
of years once we get the additional approvals. 
Rahul: 
So do you think that the U.S. business can grow at a mid-teens 
kind of a constant currency rate going into '27 and '28? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, it could. Ideally, I would like to go into the mid-teens like 
between 10% to 15%, at least I would expect the U.S. business 
to continue growing every year. 
Rahul: 
And one last question from my side with your permission. So with 
respect to this branded product launch, sir, what kind of a margin 
drag should we factor in, let's say, for an initial period till the 
product starts scaling up? 
Pranav Amin: 
Till the product starts scaling up we wouldn't have any margin 
because until it gets to a certain point, you have your MR cost, 
you have the royalty payments, you have everything else. So let's 
wait for a couple of quarters, and you guys will all get a much 
better idea. We will also get a much better idea how quick the 
ramp-up is happening. 
Rahul: 
But let's say, if we had to budget in the opex for this business, 
what kind of opex do you envisage for this business for, let's say, 
FY '27? 
G. Krishnan: 
So Rahul, the way you should look at it is at an overall company 
level the margin is something that you should factor. And what we 
are seeing is that the core business margins have shown 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
improvement in the current financial year. And with better 
capacity utilization in the existing facilities that we have put, the 
margin expansion is something that we should see coming out in 
the next few quarters. 
 
Now we are -- like Pranav said, we don't know exactly where we 
will land on the top line, so hence the margin pressure on Pivya 
launch is something it's not possible for us to predict at this point. 
But from a modeling perspective, you could assume that the 
margin expansion will be sort of a cushion for the expenses that 
will come from Pivya. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the 
participants, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
G. Krishnan for his closing comments. 
G. Krishnan: 
Thank you for joining us on the call for third quarter. Please feel 
free to reach out to the team for any clarifications or questions 
you might have. And thank you once again. Have a very good 
evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Alembic 
Pharmaceuticals Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
