 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              
       
 
 
                                                  
  
 
 
03.02.2026 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East) Mumbai 400 051 
 
SYMBOL:- EPIGRAL 
BSE Limited 
Floor- 25, P J Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
Scrip Code:  543332 
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub.:  Transcript of Conference Call held on Friday, 30th January, 2026 for Q3 FY26 – 
Results 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith Transcript of Conference Call held on                      
Friday, 30th January, 2026 for Q3 FY 26 – Results. 
 
The said Transcript is also available at www.epigral.com in the Investor Relations section. 
 
This is for information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Epigral Limited 
 
 
Gaurang Trivedi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A22307 
 
 
GAURANG 
GHANSHYAM 
TRIVEDI
Digitally signed by 
GAURANG GHANSHYAM 
TRIVEDI 
Date: 2026.02.03 16:32:14 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Epigral Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Results Conference Call” 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAULIK PATEL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – EPIGRAL LIMITED 
 
MR. KAUSHAL SOPARKAR – DIRECTOR – EPIGRAL 
LIMITED  
 
MR. RAKESH AGRAWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– EPIGRAL LIMITED 
 
MR. MILIND KOTECHA – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
EPIGRAL LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MEET VORA – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 

 
Epigral Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Epigral Limited's Conference Call, 
hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Meet Vora from Emkay Global Financial 
Services Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Meet Vora: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us on Epigral Limited's Q3 
FY '26 Results Conference Call. We would like to thank the management for giving us 
this opportunity to host them.  
On this call, we are joined with Epigral's management represented by Mr. Maulik Patel, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Kaushal Soparkar, Executive Director; Mr. 
Rakesh Agrawal, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Milind Kotecha, Investor Relations.  
I would like to invite Mr. Maulik Patel to initiate the proceedings with his opening 
remarks, post which we will have an interactive Q&A session. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Maulik Patel: 
Thank you, Meet. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the call to discuss Epigral's 
quarter 3 FY '26 performance. I believe you had an opportunity to view the earnings 
presentation that was released earlier today. The chemical market currently exhibits 
mixed performance with some segments achieving robust growth, while others grapple 
with slower recovery due to a prolonged monsoon and persistent geopolitical 
uncertainty. 
 
Few segments, in particular, drove weak quarter-on-quarter performance despite year-
on-year gain from the low base, amid challenges like muted exports, stalled U.S.-India 
trade progress, low realization, utilization and tariff impacts. Nevertheless, outlook 
indicates improved performance in coming quarters, supported by strengthening 
demand fundamentals and gradual recovery across the key sectors.  
In quarter 3 FY '26, revenues grew marginally by 2% sequentially through volume 
remained largely flat versus the prior quarter. The derivatives and the specialty business 
contributed 52% of the revenue, up from 50% last quarter. The first half of quarter 3 
FY '26 faced headwinds from the prolonged monsoon, festive season disruptions and 
plant maintenance, but volumes picked up strongly from mid-November onwards. 
 
We expect this positive momentum to persist in future quarters. EBITDA margins 
contracted to 17% in quarter 3 FY '26, pressured by lower realizations, rising raw 
material costs and higher cost inventory. However, over 9 months FY '26, we sustained 
margins at 22%.  
With the monsoon now over and plant maintenance complete, demand is recovering. 

 
Epigral Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
We have seen volume pickup since mid-November and expect sustained growth 
ahead.As utilization improves, overall performance should strengthen further.  
Our capex project to double capacity at the CPVC, epichlorohydrin and wind solar 
hybrid power plants are progressing on schedule and remain on track for 
commissioning within the announced timeline and budget. This will support 
diversification, targeting 70% revenue contribution from the derivatives and specialty 
business as we have committed.  
Combined with the chlorotoluene value chain commission in March 2025, that position 
us for a strong growth from FY '27 onwards. For our new projects, we are finalizing 
capex plans, expect to announce details in the coming months. These initiatives will 
enhance our integrated complex and extend the value chain. They are set to drive 
significant growth from FY '29 onwards.  
In line with this plan, the team remains focused on scalable, profitable growth, 
strengthening our integration and driving value for all stakeholders. We are advancing 
with clarity on milestone, capital efficiency and disciplined execution to deliver 
sustainable growth as we expand capacity and capabilities.  
I now hand over the call to Mr. Rakesh Agrawal, who will take us through the 
financials. 
Rakesh Agrawal: 
Thank you, Maulik. Let me take through Q3 numbers. Overall plant utilization stood at 
78%, similar to previous quarter and 81% in the corresponding previous year. Quarter-
on-quarter, we witnessed volume growth but as product mix improved, resulting to 
revenue increase of 2% to INR603 crores. Revenue contribution for Derivative & 
Specialty business stood at 52% versus 50% in the previous quarter. 
 
EBITDA dropped by 22% to INR103 crores as realization for the few products dropped, 
there were increase in raw material prices and high inventory costs. PAT stood at INR39 
crores versus INR51 crores in previous quarter, it includes onetime expense relating to 
change in Labor Code. And for 9 months of FY26, plant utilization stood at 76% versus 
82% in the corresponding period, resulting in drop in revenue by 7% to INR1,807 
crores. EBITDA stood at INR398 crores with margin stood at 22% versus 28% in the 
corresponding period of previous year. 
 
This dip in margin was on account of drop in realization and increase in raw material 
costs. We commissioned the chlorotoluene value chain plant in March '25, and it is 
expected to contribute sizable to profit and loss account from financial year 2027 
onwards. Once the plant starts generating sizable revenue, overall profitability should 
improve. ROCE stood at 17% as on 31st December '25. If we exclude capital work in 
progress, then our ROCE stands at 20% as on 31st December '25. 
 
Net debt to EBITDA stood at 1x as on 31st December versus 0.8x as on 31st December 
'24. And hence, we are in very comfortable position for our debt. Our net debt stood at 
INR557 crores versus INR531 crores as on 31st December '24. And during the year, 

 
Epigral Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
we spent capex of INR337 crores and our capex plans are moving as per schedule. We 
witnessed utilization level improved from mid of November, and we expect that 
momentum to continue in coming quarters as well. Hence, we expect overall 
performance to improve from here on.  
With this, we can now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Deepesh J. Sancheti from Maanya Finance. 
Deepesh J. Sancheti: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are audible. 
Deepesh J. Sancheti: 
Okay. Now we are expanding the CPVC -- almost doubling the capacity of CPVC, but 
Reliance and Adani are coming up with huge capacities by FY '28. What is your view 
on this? Will it put a margin -- I mean, will it put a pricing pressure and realization 
pressure? 
Maulik Patel: 
Deepesh, Reliance, I think they are coming up with small capacity right now, I think, 
around 11 Kt. That's what I know right now, which is they are going to commission in 
this year. And Adani has not announced yet. That's what we know in terms of the 
CPVC. Definitely, they are coming with a big capacity of PVC plant, both the players 
in a big way. But the CPVC capacity is not coming with the big capacity. That's what 
we hear so far from the market and what they have announced so far in the market, yes. 
Deepesh J. Sancheti: 
Okay. So I mean -- but -- I mean, so you don't see any pressure -- right now, there is no 
pressure on the CPVC prices? 
Maulik Patel: 
No. CPVC prices, the pressure is there. It is because of the PVC prices has gone down 
substantially in last 4 months, 5 months, but it is bottom out. Now everyone knows that 
the PVC prices have started going up. So we see the prices are going to improve from 
this quarter onwards. 
Deepesh J. Sancheti: 
Okay. You mentioned that there was a temporary pressure or -- sorry, you're saying... 
Maulik Patel: 
So no, I believe it is a temporary, particularly if you're talking about the quarter 3 
because this kind of situation was never seen in terms of the PVC pressure, in terms of 
the pricing of the raw material and the CPVC also takes time. And now the pricing of 
PVC is improving, so we see the improvement in the CPVC pricing going forward. 
Deepesh J. Sancheti: 
Okay. So you mentioned that there is a temporary pressure of softer realization on select 
products. Can you mention which products are these? And why these temporary 
pressures have come in? And how much of that -- how much time would it take for this 
temporary pressure to go away? 
Maulik Patel: 
So if I consider the overall chemical industry, the pressure was there in last, I think, 9 
months, the pressure was there because of the global situation is not doing great. And 

 
Epigral Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
from -- I believe from this quarter onwards, we see very positive signs in terms of the 
prices have now started moving upwards -- majority of the chemicals, not only the 
products which we are manufacturing, but I see the demand has also started picking up 
and quarter 3 and quarter 4, normally, it is on the higher side for us in terms of the 
consumption pattern.  
But also the prices are also moving -- started moving upwards globally. Mainly -- and 
then one of the major factor is China has announced 250 products, they have withdrawn 
the rebate of the product. So I think globally and other petrochemical products are also 
going up. So all commodity prices are going up. So all chemical prices also started 
moving -- slowly going up from this quarter onwards. But the last quarter, we believe 
that it is -- it was the bottom-out situation for majority of the chemical manufacturing 
products. 
Deepesh J. Sancheti: 
So you don't see any pressure coming -- I mean by FY '27, you think all the pressures 
will vanish on all the products? Or do you see any -- I mean, any pressure coming on 
some other products still? 
Maulik Patel: 
So I would say for the next financial year from this quarter onward, the situation will 
be better compared to the last 9 months. That's what we see from going forward in terms 
of demand also, in terms of the pricing also. That's what we can see. But individual 
product to product, it may defer the time line, but definitely, compared to last 6 months, 
everything will only improve. It is going to be on the positive side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities. 
Rohit Sinha: 
So first of all, I just wanted to know what was the ECU for last quarter and this quarter? 
Milind Kotecha: 
The ECU for this quarter is around INR29,000, INR30,000, and it has been almost 
similar to last quarter, marginally INR500 to INR1,000 down. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay. So post December, have we seen any correction in ECU or it is just remain in 
that similar rate? 
Milind Kotecha: 
It is in the same range. And I guess it will be around INR30,000, INR31,000 kind of a 
thing in the coming months as well, looks like. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay. Some bit of improvement is there. Got it. Secondly, on the chlorotoluene side, 
as we have commissioned in last year March, now -- till now, what kind of utilization 
we have reached? And as -- although you already have indicated that FY '27 would be 
the year where we will see meaningful contribution, but still, I just wanted to know how 
we are progressing in that in terms of utilization levels? 
Milind Kotecha: 
So in chlorotoluene, if you see, the volumes are increasing like on month-on-month as 
well as quarter-on-quarter. But again, it has not reached a sizable number to give any 
kind of percentage of utilization. Maybe once the next quarter, that is from Q1, we are 
expecting it to contribute in a sizable way. So at that point of time, we might be able to 

 
Epigral Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
share some sort of number, but nothing as of now. But it is improving on a month-on-
month and quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Maulik Patel: 
So in terms of volume, we are not able to achieve. But in terms of approvals of the 
customers, we have achieved quite a bit and quite a number of products we got approval 
from the end users. And they have started using it. And I think we are going to get 
advantage in terms of the China is also going to reduce the export benefit. So I think 
this will have a positive impact on this line of products also going forward. 
 
And also the currency situation is also changing in China. China currency is 
appreciating and Indian currency is depreciating. So that has also an impact of the local 
manufacturing going forward in this kind of products. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Fair enough. Fair enough. And in chlorotoluene, I mean, as of now, since we are 
gradually progressing, so these -- whatever volumes are going, these are more or less 
kind of samples only? Or we have started delivering some orders for the customers or 
it's just, I mean, sample kind of things only? 
Maulik Patel: 
No, no, it is not a sample. It is actual delivery on a full truckload basis. But the people 
change the volume. And once they started using slowly and gradually, they will transfer 
the order to the domestic players. So overnight, they don't stop supply from where their 
supply chain sources are there. So that confidence will take time. That's why it is getting 
delayed, but it's not about the sampling, it's actual delivery. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Got it. Got it. And these orders would be, what, short-term orders or would be a 6-
month, 1-year kind of contract with the customers? 
Maulik Patel: 
So currently, till the -- as Milind has mentioned, actually substantial number will start 
from the FY '27 onwards. So we are expecting the major orders will start coming and 
major time line -- with the time line and with a long-term contract also in terms of 
volume, will start coming from the FY '27 onwards. So far, they are testing and trying 
and the confidence once they get it, then only they will place long term. So right now, 
everything is on the quarterly basis only. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay. And one last question on ECH side. I mean, earlier, we were seeing price increase 
because of rising glycerin prices. So how -- I mean, the pricing has been there for ECH 
and ECH also has, I think, a significant export contribution, how that has been affected 
or worked out in this quarter? 
Maulik Patel: 
So ECH, yes, you are right, because of the glycerin prices going up, the ECH value is 
also going up because 65% of the world demand is converted to the glycerin-based 
ECH globally. So yes, globally, the ECH price has gone up. And the Trump is not 
supporting the biodiesel project and the glycerin is a byproduct of biodiesel, so the 
glycerin price is going to remain high till the biodiesel are not getting supported by the 
global leaders. 
Milind Kotecha: 
So we tend to believe, I mean, in the current quarter and also coming down the line, 

 
Epigral Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
this is kind of a new normal, which will continue. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay. Okay. And any export revenue got impacted or still we are doing similar kind of 
export volumes, because of this U.S. tariff angle or anything? 
Maulik Patel: 
U.S. was not a major for us for the epichlorohydrin particularly. The exports overall 
volume will remain almost same as last quarter in terms of volume for the overall 
products. But yes, European volume has affected last quarter, but I think it is coming 
on line right now because some of the manufacturers of epichlorohydrin has decided to 
close their plant permanent because of the current situation is very tight in Europe. So 
that advantage may come in the coming years, probably to the Indian manufacturers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav Jain from Ageless Capital and Finance. 
Pranav Jain: 
Just a couple of questions. First on CPVC and on the similar lines for ECH as well. 
Even though now we -- like you said, the prices have bottomed out and they're slowly 
going up, but the overcapacity that has been persistent and that has been there with our 
competitors also increasing capacity with our customers backward integrating into the 
making of ECH or CPVC.  
So in that sense, how are you viewing the scenario because we are essentially doubling 
our capacity in both of these segments. So will we be suffering from more capacity? 
What kind of capacity utilizations can we expect on the enhanced capacity? 
Milind Kotecha: 
Yes. So see, when -- I mean, again, whenever we put any plant, either it's for ECH or 
CPVC, our perspective is considering the demand growth that is expected to come in 
next 5 to 7 years. So considering current situation, the demand is also growing into 
ECH and CPVC. 
So we don't see much of a kind of a pressure. But yes, it can happen that when we 
commission our plant, which we are expected to do in kind of September '26, so maybe 
for initial 6 months or a year's time, we have to run our plant at lower utilizations. 
 
But eventually, considering the growth which is expected into the epoxy, which will 
lead to growth in ECH and in terms of real estate, which will drive the growth in CPVC, 
we tend to believe that in maybe a matter of 1 or 2 years, we should be able to run our 
plant at optimum utilization levels even after considering the new capacities which are 
coming because growth in India is there, which will definitely absorb the capacities that 
are coming.  
So whoever or including us, if we are putting a plant, we have thought of the growth 
that is going to come in terms of demand. But yes, it can be like 1 year here and there. 
And in that particular year, we might have to run our plant at a lower utilization. So 
we'll live with that. But it's not going to happen that that's going to be there for like 4, 
5 years. It's a matter of 1 or 2 years. 
Pranav Jain: 
But can you -- like not to quote you on it, but can you just give me a brief range that 

 
Epigral Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
we can expect with respect to our capacity utilization for both these segments for FY 
'27 or '28, whatever? 
Maulik Patel: 
It is very difficult to predict because in the chemical plants, people announce the date 
of commissioning, but normally, it is not happening on time. And once they start the 
plant, the teething problems and everything, how much time they are able to resolve 
and how much time they are able to commission their capacity, that is also timing we 
cannot predict.  
So based on that, it keeps changing. If you noticed the past announcements and past 
records, every chemical company has announced, these timings are not able to match. 
And based on that, I think it is difficult to predict exact when it is going to happen and 
why it is going to happen. But yes, normal this situation will come going forward. 
Milind Kotecha: 
But as a management, what we anticipate is that like what happened in FY '26 of the 
last 9 months or 6 months, that was because of the prolonged monsoon and also the 
early monsoon and also the demand was a bit subdued. But now it looks the demand 
has been picked up. So it looks like that the coming quarters or the coming months will 
be much better compared to what it was last 6 months or 9 months. 
Pranav Jain: 
Got it. Understood. But not even like a base case so that we can understand like will we 
be utilizing 75,000 tonnes of the 150,000 of CPVC, just a random number. Just a base-
case scenario that the management might have thought of. 
Maulik Patel: 
So probably -- our budget exercise, we are going to start probably from this month 
onwards. So probably, it will clear -- probably by March, it will be clear more about 
the next year. 
Pranav Jain: 
Understood. And just to understand on Astral doing their own CPVC, is it -- how 
difficult is it to set up a plant of CPVC, how capital intensive is it? Can the other CPVC 
pipe guys like Supreme, Prince also do this, which may cause us more harm? 
Maulik Patel: 
See, that is difficult to comment while others might will do it. Definitely, it is difficult 
and it is a different compared to the pipe manufacturing facilities and the mindset, this 
is a B2B kind of mindset and that is B2C. 
So I don't know how people are thinking and how they will commission this plant. But 
yes, so every plant has -- definitely, they will -- once they announce, I think they will 
do it. But how much time it will take and when they are going to commission, it's a 
question mark because every new manufacturing has a learning phase. 
 
So how much time they are able to resolve the problems and commission successfully 
and reach to optimization level the time will tell, yes. But yes, as you rightly said, 
everyone can think of it, if Astral can think of it. But normally, people wanted to focus 
on the B2C part of the business rather than going into the B2B business who are already 
focused on the customers, B2C kind of business normally. They don't think like the 
pipe people, even except Finolex, they don't have the PVC manufacturing facility. 

 
Epigral Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Pranav Jain: 
Understood. Okay. I got on the CPVC side. Just one last question. On the ECH side, 
will we ever consider forward integrating into epoxy? 
Maulik Patel: 
As of now, we have no plan to going into the forward integration because we find it 
ECH has enough demand going forward. And the growth will come from the capacity 
expansion, which is happening recently in the epoxy business. So as of now, we are not 
taking anything on the epoxy side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nipun Sharma from VLS Finance. 
Nipun Sharma: 
So I wanted to know the bifurcation for the revenue for this quarter in terms of volumes 
sold as well as the realization for the products. So did the volumes go up for this quarter 
as compared to last year's quarter or even the previous quarter? And what about the 
average revenue for each products? Can you comment upon that? 
Milind Kotecha: 
So see, in terms of the overall volume compared to last quarter, it has been almost kind 
of a flat or marginal kind of a growth. But in terms of product-wise revenue, it's not 
something that we share. So I won't be able to share any data on that. 
Nipun Sharma: 
Okay. Okay. Because last quarter, it was CPVC, caustic soda and I believe hydrogen 
peroxide whose realizations were low. So what is the situation right now for them? 
Milind Kotecha: 
So it has been in the same kind of a range, nothing -- I mean, maybe 1,000 here and 
there, but not a major movement in terms of the realization. 
Nipun Sharma: 
Okay. Okay. And talking about hydrogen peroxide, the realization last quarter was low 
because I believe, I might be wrong, there were several imports from Bangladesh. So 
what is the current scenario? Can you comment upon that? 
Milind Kotecha: 
It has been the same situation. See, the import is coming from there, and we are also 
selling in India. And again, there is a good demand for that. So in terms of demand, 
there is no change. In terms of import from Bangladesh, that is also no change. And the 
prices also remain in the same range. 
Nipun Sharma: 
Okay. Okay. And any new update on the new chemistry that you were talking about in 
the previous con calls? Any expected date that when it will be announced? 
Milind Kotecha: 
So we are on the advanced stage in terms of finalizing a few things on that line. So 
maybe once it is freezed, I will be able to share. Before that it's difficult to share 
anything on that news because it is not in public domain. 
Nipun Sharma: 
Understood. Understood. And my one last question. I read it somewhere that Epigral 
has been making a pilot plant for CPVC pipes. So are we planning into forward 
integration into CPVC pipes as well for the future? 
Maulik Patel: 
No. So we already have a pilot plant for the pipes, but that is for the -- our internal 
development of the CPVC resin in terms of the quality, and it is for the CPVC 
compound, what we are manufacturing for our customers for that testing purpose. But 

 
Epigral Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
as you understand right, we are building up a pilot plant right now, but that is mainly 
for the -- to serve our customers in the chlorotoluene derivatives and for the future 
products as well as for the CPVC also. 
So combined, we are building one pilot plant right now in our campus just to support 
the downstream and the improvement in terms of the quality. And when you launch a 
product, I think you can do the sampling much more advanced from the pilot plant and 
you can -- so that is much easier in terms of -- rather you spend on the full-scale plant 
and then you start sampling to the customers. 
 
So that we understood and we are -- we wanted to reduce that time line going forward 
in the future, and that's why we are building up one pilot plant. But that's common for 
all the products. It's not particularly for particular chemistry. The thing which you 
mentioned about the CPVC, we already have a pilot plant for the pipe, but it is not for 
the -- we wanted to go in the pipe manufacturing, but just for the internal testing in the 
parameters and for the compounding facility. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Maneesh Bhadane from 360 One Capital. 
Maneesh Bhadane: 
Sir, as mentioned in the PPT presentation that there is some temporary pressures from 
the softer realization on the select products. And also, there is some raw material 
increase in the cost, so for which product this increase in the raw material and the 
realization dropped? 
Maulik Patel: 
So it has happened because of the PVC price was going down drastically in last 6 
months. And because of the high inventory and low offtake during the monsoon time, 
we have a higher capacity of PVC in the stock. And that was the major reason in terms 
of the inventory cost -- high inventory cost. 
Maneesh Bhadane: 
So basically, you are saying that the softer realization has happened only in the CPVC 
and not for the other products? 
Maulik Patel: 
Other products, yes, it was not a major issue, but in CPVC, it was a big gap in last 4, 5 
months' time, in a very short period of time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish from Leo Capital. 
Ashish: 
So my first question had to do with -- I wanted to understand the demand-supply 
dynamics around caustic soda in India. Are there any new capacities that are coming in 
over the next few years? And if so, how viable -- and how viable are imports into India? 
Is this a long-term risk? 
Maulik Patel: 
Okay. Yes, Ashish, the caustic soda plant in the current situation, like the Adani and 
the Reliance is building up a big capacity, including the forward integration of PVC. 
So the chlorine is completely utilized in the PVC and the caustic will be excess. So 
going forward, we see the caustic price will come down and the chlorine price will go 
up going forward once the plant being commissioned.  

 
Epigral Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Because everybody, as I mentioned, the plant is -- they announced big capacity, but 
they -- gradually they commission the plant because entire such kind of big capacity is 
difficult to commission at the time. So slowly and gradually, the Indian demand is also 
increasing. 
So we don't see the problem in the chlor-alkali industry, but the dynamics of the caustic 
and the chlorine might change going forward slowly and gradually, but it will take time. 
Currently, it is under construction. And I think when it is going to commission is yet to 
be seen going forward. 
Ashish: 
Okay. And secondly, on the CPVC side, I know you mentioned that post 
commissioning in Q2 FY '27, possibly, you expect that 1 year of subdued utilization 
post which you expect utilizations to pick up because of real estate growth. So I wanted 
to understand the demand dynamics around -- market dynamics around that. So how 
much is imports currently? How much is demand fulfilled inside India? And how much 
do you expect this to grow? 
Maulik Patel: 
So India, we analyze normally every year, but the CPVC consumption has also gone 
up this year also in terms of volume. We'll come to know in the March end, but last 
quarter is very peak normally for the pipe industry. So we'll come to know in the March. 
But in terms of volume, there is a growth even in such kind of time where the monsoon 
is prolonged, then the market has affected quite a bit this year. Still, there is a growth 
in the CPVC in terms of the volume. 
 
But compared to previous year, there was a slow growth in last year. But we are 
expecting going forward, as you rightly said, the real estate growth is going to continue. 
And we see the more growth going forward because the CPVC and the PVC price 
difference was a little lesser compared to previous time. So we see the more faster 
growth in coming years in the CPVC industry going forward. 
Ashish: 
Can you quantify this CPVC from the management's perspective because you're 
expanding capacity there? 
Milind Kotecha: 
So CPVC demand would be somewhere in the range of around 280,000 tonnes. I mean 
that would be -- we are expecting by end of this year, around 31st March. So every 
year, we expect that to grow in the range of 10% to 12%. So considering when we have 
-- when we will be coming with our capacity, maybe next year, we'll end up with around 
320,000 tonnes of demand. So considering that, we see that even the supplies that are 
coming will be eventually absorbed by the demand that is growing. 
 
So maybe 6 months or 1 year can be here and there. But eventually, the growth in the 
CPVC market because we expect the CPVC demand to reach 5 lakh by FY 2030, '29, 
'30. So -- and this is just a plumbing application. So -- and that will happen. So 
eventually, all the supplies that are coming will be absorbed. 
 
But again, 1 year can be -- here and there, it cannot be like a steady growth of 10% to 
12%. So this year was that kind of a situation. But we believe that considering demand, 

 
Epigral Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
it will be absorbed whatever supply that we are bringing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hemkesh Khattar from Green Portfolio. 
Hemkesh Khattar: 
My first question is regarding to CPVC, basically on the margin side. So our margins 
have taken a significant hit like coming down to 17%. So when do you expect the 
margins to go back to the normal 24%, 25%? 
Milind Kotecha: 
See, as we have earlier conveyed in our opening remarks as well, this quarter was 
impacted because of the high cost of inventory and also the realizations for the product 
has cooled off. So considering that, we believe that Q3 was impacted in that manner. 
But Q4 onwards, we believe that the margin will be uptick.  
But again, we believe that it should be in the range of kind of a 21% to 23% or 25% -- 
22%, 23% kind of a range. So the things will be better in Q4 onwards, it looks like as 
of now, considering the prices of PVC going up and also the CPVC prices where it is. 
Hemkesh Khattar: 
Okay. And is there an expectation of an increase in revenue also on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Milind Kotecha: 
Sorry, Y-o-Y basis? So yes, because see, in FY '26, the volumes were low because the 
first half was actually muted because of early and prolonged monsoon and also because 
of subdued demand. So we believe that FY '27, definitely, we will have a good volume 
growth as well. 
Hemkesh Khattar: 
Okay. And in the chlorotoluene segment, basically, the management earlier did mention 
a sizable revenue expected in FY '27. Could you tell in terms of like percentage, what 
-- in the overall revenue profile, what percentage of revenue are you expecting to come 
from that segment? 
Milind Kotecha: 
As earlier, we said that we are in the stage of getting approvals and the contracts will 
get formed from the first half -- I mean, quarter 1 of FY '27, so maybe that would be 
the right time to convey any number on this rather than committing now. 
Hemkesh Khattar: 
Okay. And regarding the margins, so you expect the margins there to also be in the 
same range of 21% to 23% or a little higher? 
Milind Kotecha: 
It should be overall in the range of 20% to 23% kind of thing... 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pujan Shah from Molecule Ventures. 
Pujan Shah: 
Am I audible? 
Maulik Patel: 
Yes. 
Pujan Shah: 
Yes. Sir, my first question pertains to the CPVC and the PVC side. So understanding 
we have been hearing on the PVC that on the domestic industry, there might be 
implementation of MIP. Now I just wanted to understand if that happens and the base 
case scenario would be around $800 to $850 per tonne.  

 
Epigral Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
So -- and the global level might not be trading at such a high price. I understand the 
price has been bottoming out, but might the upper end would be sustainable around 
$750. So do you feel that we can have some pressure in terms of margins in the CPVC 
side going forward? 
Maulik Patel: 
So definitely, as you rightly said, that PVC price is going up, so the CPVC will catch 
up as the increased price of the PVC also going forward. But yes, there was always a 
lag of increase probably a 1 month or 1.5 months kind of -- it's always in all kind of 
products. But definitely, it will catch up the price increase of PVC by the CPVC also 
going forward. 
Pujan Shah: 
Just wanted to understand about right now the situation. We understand this quarter, we 
have been specifically impacted due to higher inventory of CPVC. But let's suppose the 
price of the PVC has been in downward trend, and so might be we have refilled the 
inventory of PVC. So that would be benefit in Q4 for the specific quarter, 
understanding, let's suppose if PVC increased prices from here on of, let's say, 10% or 
15% odd? 
Milind Kotecha: 
See, if you see in Q3, it was impact because we were having a high cost of inventory, 
whereas the CPVC prices had gone down in line with the PVC prices. Considering 
current situation and the things enough, I think the Q4 will be better off compared to 
Q3 in terms of the specific in the CPVC margin case. That is one thing. 
Secondly, in considering, as Maulik earlier said, whenever there is an increase in the 
raw material prices, we are able to pass on in the finished good prices as well. But yes, 
that can happen with a lag of a quarter. 
 
Now hypothetically, 10% rise, how much it will take, how much time it will take to 
pass on in the CPVC, that to our estimate generally takes a quarter's time. But I guess 
any increase in the PVC prices would be able to transfer to the CPVC prices with a lag 
of a quarter. 
Pujan Shah: 
And so what is the current chlorine utilization percentage as of for Q3? 
Milind Kotecha: 
So as of now, chlorine integration is around 70%, 75%. 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay. So considering -- so ECU, what we have been speaking out is INR29,000, 
INR30,000. And considering -- so what could be the negative chlorine pricing right 
now? 
Milind Kotecha: 
So chlorine currently negative is around INR7,000. 
Pujan Shah: 
INR7,000. So basically, if we have that integration in the space, so why we have been 
suffering in terms of ECU because are we suffering from dumping from China? Or it is 
the ideal capacity has been built in India that has been impacting the ECU? 
Milind Kotecha: 
I didn't get your question. 

 
Epigral Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Pujan Shah: 
Yes. So let suppose if ECU is trading at INR30,000 and our integration -- chlorine 
integration is 75%, so broadly, we have been negative 25% only we have been throwing 
out at negative INR7,000, right? So ultimately, what I've been trying to understand is 
why our ECU has been impacted so much, considering the scenario that rupee has been 
depreciating. 
So dumping -- if there would be a dumping ground also, the rupee depreciation might 
help us. So trading at low ECU or we have been impacted by the lower ECU or what is 
the case right now in caustic? 
Milind Kotecha: 
It doesn't work that way. First of all, ECU, the formula is very clear in terms of caustic 
sales minus chlorine prices. So it's not that whether we are integrated, so that's why we 
should have a better ECU. That's a simple formula irrespective whether we consume 
in-house or we sell outside. That is one thing. 
 
Secondly, in terms of the import, so import of caustic is not something which is majorly 
coming in India. In fact, India is a net exporter in terms of caustic. It's just that the 
currently market was a bit subdued because of which the overall ECU was in that level. 
And considering the way it was supposed to grow, we believe it will be in the same 
range. It can go up, it can go down, but we expect that it should be at this level or it 
might improve from here on. 
Pujan Shah: 
Got it. Got it. And my last question pertains to the CPVC. So what is the current 
realization of CPVC? 
Milind Kotecha: 
It is somewhere around INR95 to INR100 a kg. 
Pujan Shah: 
So it has been improved somewhere in this quarter... 
Milind Kotecha: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubhanshu from Sharma and Family. 
Shubhanshu: 
Yes. First question is around that labor code implementation. So have we done an 
adjustment in our income statement this quarter or no? I did not see anything specific, 
but in the beginning, I think someone mentioned that we have taken, but I don't see any 
anything very big in the income statement. So are we not getting a very big hit or we 
will take it around? 
Rakesh Agrawal: 
We have already booked it and the amount is very small. 
Shubhanshu: 
Okay. It's small. Okay. Cool. Good to know. So CPVC, I think you mentioned it is 
around INR95 to INR100 per kg. This is roughly a little bit lower than last quarter? 
Milind Kotecha: 
Yes. 
Shubhanshu: 
Okay. And what would be the realization for ECH right now? 

 
Epigral Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Milind Kotecha: 
Sorry, what realization of what? 
Shubhanshu: 
ECH, epichlorohydrin. 
Milind Kotecha: 
ECH, okay, ECH realization relation is ranging around 165 to 170. 
Shubhanshu: 
160 to 170 per kg. And what would be the utilization of these ECH and PVC, 
respectively? I believe last quarter, maybe it was around 50%, if I'm remembering 
correctly? 
Milind Kotecha: 
So it has improved compared to last quarter, but it will be difficult to give you the exact 
utilization levels of each product. 
Shubhanshu: 
Okay. So it is 50% plus now. 
Milind Kotecha: 
Yes, yes, definitely. 
Shubhanshu: 
And what about right now going into January, February, it's on the uptrend now, 
considering you mentioned that there's a demand volume also coming? 
Milind Kotecha: 
So we believe that in terms of the volumes, Q4 should be doing better. So definitely, 
we see uptick in the demand from here on. 
Shubhanshu: 
Okay. And about that, the glycerin pricing going up, is most of the ECH glycerin based 
or the other route is also significant, so like how is the dynamics played out there? 
Maulik Patel: 
So in except the very old facility, normally, all new plants are coming with the glycerin 
base only. The propylene base is only on the western world and some portion is in 
Korea. Otherwise, most of the plants are glycerin base now. Nobody is putting up a new 
capacity based on the propylene because it is not feasible in terms of capex compared 
to glycerin-based ECH. So in Asia, almost the pricing, which is coming from -- it is 
based out of glycerin only. 
Shubhanshu: 
Okay. And if glycerin prices go up, then it's reasonable to expect that ECH will also go 
up, right? You mentioned lag of a quarter or something. 
Maulik Patel: 
Yes, yes, yes. Absolutely. 
Shubhanshu: 
Okay. Sure. And about the new chemistry, I think like can you tell which -- will it be 
like by the end of this financial or like by when will you be announcing it? 
Milind Kotecha: 
So as I said earlier, we are in the advanced stage of finalizing things. So once that is 
done, we will announce. So we are expecting to announce maybe in a couple of months. 
Shubhanshu: 
Okay. So hopefully, by the end of this financial year? 
Milind Kotecha: 
Yes, we expect that. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take this as the last question for today. I now hand the 

 
Epigral Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Rakesh Agrawal: 
In conclusion, I would like to convey that we are moving in line with our strategy 
through our expansion plans and diversification in terms of multiproduct catering 
various industries. We are targeting consistent growth. I would like to thank you all for 
joining us here today. Please feel free to reach out our HR if there are still any 
unanswered questions. Thank you, everyone, for your participation. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us today, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
