Matrimony.com Limited 
(CIN: L63090TN2001PLC047432) 
Registered & Corporate Office No.94, TVH Beliciaa Towers, Tower II, 5th Floor, MRC Nagar, Raja 
Annamalaipuram, Chennai – 600028. Phone No. 044-4900 1919 
February 19, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No: C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Call transcript of Investor/Analyst conference call under regulation 30(6) of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Ref: NSE Symbol: MATRIMONY 
         
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the call transcript of Investor/Analyst Conference call with the Company 
held on 12th February 2026 is attached herewith. 
 
The aforesaid information is also being hosted on the website of the Company viz., 
www.matrimony.com.  
 
Submitted for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For Matrimony.com Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vijayanand Sankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS: 18951 
No.94, TVH Beliciaa Towers, Tower II, 5th Floor,  
MRC Nagar, Raja Annamalaipuram,  
Chennai – 600028 
 
VIJAYANAN
D SANKAR
Digitally signed by 
VIJAYANAND 
SANKAR 
Date: 2026.02.19 
17:29:07 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
 
“Matrimony.com Limited 
Q3 & nine months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MURUGAVEL JANAKIRAMAN –MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MATRIMONY.COM LIMITED 
MR. HARIGOVIND KRISHNASAMY – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – MATRIMONY.COM LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. JAYRAM SHETTY – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Matrimony.com Limited  
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Matrimony Q3 and nine months FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants line will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes.  Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jayram Shetty from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Jayram Shetty: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to welcome you all to 
Quarter 3 and nine months FY '26 Earnings Call of Matrimony.com. From the company, we 
have Mr. Murugavel Janakiraman, MD and CEO; and Mr. Harigovind Krishnasamy, CFO.  
The call will begin with brief management remarks, followed by a Q&A session. I would like to 
hand over the call to Mr. Janakiraman for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Good evening, everyone. Thank you, Mr. Jayram Shetty. In our matrimony business, our billings 
continued to grow at a healthy rate on year-on-year basis. We have initiated a share buyback in 
January 2026, amounting to INR58.5 crores to reward our shareholders. We'll continue to 
evaluate opportunities to reward our shareholders in future as well, subject to necessary Board 
and shareholders' approval. 
I'm pleased to inform you that Matrimony.com has officially been certified as a Great Place to 
Work for the second consecutive year by Great Places to Work India. This recognition is based 
on feedback from all our associates, and the scores are better than the previous year. This reflects 
our commitment to fostering a culture of trust, respect and collaboration complemented by the 
dedication and contribution of our leaders and associates. 
Our ManyJobs business has crossed 1 million app downloads and has more than 10,000 
recruiters using our platform with leading brands across the industry. Top 10 operating metrics 
have also improved compared to quarter 2. We have revamped our product offering for Luv.com, 
which aims to assist the customer build meaningful and lasting relationships. We have launched 
AI chatbot in our matrimony business, and we continue to look at leveraging AI in all areas of 
our operations. 
Now coming to the results. In quarter 3, on a consolidated basis, we achieved a billing of 
INR117.9 crores, a growth of 7.8% year-on-year and a decline of 0.5% quarter-over-quarter; 
revenue at INR113.2 crores, a growth of 1.6% year-on-year and a decline of 1.2% quarter-over-
quarter. 
Key highlights for the matrimony business in quarter 3 are as follows. Billing at INR117 crores, 
a growth of 8% year-on-year and a decline of 0.5% quarter-over-quarter; revenue at INR112.1 
crores, a growth of 1.8% year-on-year and a decline of 1.3% quarter-over-quarter.  

 
 
Matrimony.com Limited  
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Active paid profile were 2.5 lakhs at the end of quarter 3, a growth of 3% year-on-year and 4% 
quarter-over-quarter. ATV for the matchmaking business increased by 13.3% year-on-year and 
4.7% quarter-over-quarter. We created about 25,600 success stories in the quarter.  
Now coming to wedding services and other businesses. Billing was INR91 lakhs, a decline of 
2.6% quarter-over-quarter and 12.5% year-on-year. Revenue was INR1.13 crores, a growth of 
7.7% quarter-over-quarter, and a decline of 15.7% year-on-year. EBITDA loss for the quarter 
was INR3.2 crores compared to loss of INR2.8 crores in quarter 2, and INR3.8 crores in quarter 
3 of last year. The losses also include the new initiatives. 
On the billing and revenue outlook for quarter 4, we expect a double-digit or high single-digit 
growth in matrimony billings in quarter 4 on a year-on-year basis. 
Let me now pass on to our CFO, Harigovind, to comment on the key profit highlights. 
Harigovind Krishnasamy: Thanks, Muruga. Good evening, everyone. Our EBITDA margin for the matchmaking business 
in Q3 is at 19.2% as compared to 17.1% in Q2, and 18.7% a year ago. Marketing expenses for 
matchmaking in Q3 are at INR43.9 crores as compared to INR45.8 crores in Q2, and INR46.2 
crores a year ago. Excluding marketing expenses, our margins in matchmaking business are at 
58% as compared to 57% in Q2. 
On a consolidated basis, our EBITDA margins in Q3 are at 11.3% as compared to 10.8% in Q2 
and 12.4% a year ago. Tax rate for the quarter stood at 22.1%. PAT is at INR8.3 crores, a growth 
of 7% on a quarter-on-quarter basis and a decline of 16.7% on a year-on-year basis. Share of Q3 
loss from Astro-Vision, our associate company, is INR4 lakhs.  
Cash and investment closing balance is at INR345 crores. ROCE is 9.7% on an annualized basis. 
On the outlook for Q4 margins, we expect double-digit growth in operational profit on Q-o-Q 
and Y-o-Y basis. 
I would like to end with the customary safe harbor statement. Certain statements during this call 
could be forward-looking statements on our business. These involve a number of risks and 
uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking 
statements. We do not undertake to update any such forward-looking statements that may be 
made from time to time by or on behalf of the company, unless it is required by law. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: We can now take questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Vasudevan from True Value. Please 
go ahead. 
Vasudevan: 
I have three questions, sir, all small -- shorter one. Your marriage services revenue has been 
dropping every year, sir. And because of this, losses are also increasing. It would be viable to 
close this business so that our bottom line will increase, sir. This is dominated more by offline 
model than online? This is my first question. 

 
 
Matrimony.com Limited  
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
And the second question is, why invest in Bharat Ek Khoj last quarter, sir? Is it for the integration 
with our app? Please throw some light on that.  
Third, Astrotalk revenue is more than INR1,000 crores, though our company Astro division is 
in the sleep mode. Any update, sir? The company refuses to pluck this low-hanging fruit, sir? 
That's all. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Thank you, Mr. Vasudevan, for asking this question. Marriage services, we continue to figure 
out what is the best way to take the business forward. And as we speak, we're exploring how to 
capture the opportunity in front of the wedding services. I think we believe that we are getting 
some traction as we are able to identify newer opportunities,  
Probably in the coming year, we'll have a better visibility and clarity on wedding services. We 
believe that the approach, what we are taking, we probably may move into the -- maybe the 
commission-based model rather than subscription-based model, where our experiment is 
pending.  
But having said that, as a company, we are not averse to closing down things which are not 
working very well. But however, we definitely feel wedding services business has good 
opportunities, which we could be able to maximize it. And so that's something we feel we are 
confident of it. 
And then number two, regarding investment into the entity, which is more on the company, the 
startup, they are into the AI astrology space, because the AI making inroads into various 
categories. This is a startup, we found it interesting, and the investing began in that -- for that 
company to -- they are working on AI astrology. That's point number two. 
When it comes to Astrotalk, we spoke about, yes, they are the large player in this category. And 
the company, what we invested in, Astro-Vision is more of strategic funding as we are using 
their product and services, and they're one of the early movers in this space. And obviously, 
they're not really scaled up the way the other astrology companies have scaled up. 
And so it's more of an investment into a product which we are using it. And while one of the 
early movers, for whatever reason, they were not able to scale up, we continue to figure out how 
to maximize our investment in that astrology space.  
And we also have the AstroFreeChat, the app what we have, so we are also offering astrology 
chatting using AI, so leveraging the investment, what we made in Astro-Vision. So some things 
are happening in astrology space. Having said that, there are large players. We need to see 
whether we can leverage our investment or something also we're trying to explore. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. As there 
is no response from the participant, we'll move to the next question. The next question is from 
the line of Palak Desai, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Matrimony.com Limited  
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Palak Desai: 
So the marketing expenses remain elevated at about INR 451 million in quarter 3 of FY '26. So 
I wanted to understand if there's any scope for operating leverage if billing growth sustains 
double digits? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Thank you for asking the question. Look, at our marketing spend on matrimony business. It 
continued to kind of going down. So from quarter 1, from INR 46.7 crores, now it has become 
INR 43.9 crores. So the marketing spend has come down. And we continue to look at opportunity 
to optimize the marketing spend, but it's on the downward trend. And -- but obviously, we have 
to still continue to invest because the category is still operating at an increased marketing level. 
So having said that, we continue to optimize, continue to reduce the marketing. But there are 
some markets, we see the marketing spend little softening. So wherever we see the scope to 
reduce marketing spend, one end, we are able to optimize; other end, wherever we see that the 
softening, we're able to reduce the marketing spend as such. So definitely the marketing spend 
is on the downward trend in the matrimony business. 
Palak Desai: 
Okay. Got it. And also, I wanted to understand that if billing grows double-digit in quarter 4 as 
guided, so what is the expected EBITDA margins for FY '27? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: So the thing is that while the billing is going to grow, but the revenue will still be -- there is a 
gap between the billing and revenue. So we see the benefits of the increased billing for FY '26 -
- we see it is not happening because of the one-year package that we included at the beginning 
of the year, we get the full benefit happening in quarter 1.  
The full benefit will happen in quarter 1 only, while definitely the billing growth happening in 
quarter 4, some increase in revenue will happen. But having said that, full benefits happen only 
in the quarter 1 of the coming year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Premalal Kotha, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Premalal Kotha: 
In the yearly basis, when you remove other income, hardly net profit is INR10 crores only. So -
- but you are spending INR180 crores on advertisements. That is the one question. It's not about 
-- for several years, you are spending 40% or something on advertisement. And job portal, right 
-- another question is job portal, when it is going to monetize? That's all from my side, sir. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: The marketing spend, definitely, as we said, it has come down. We continue to figure out a way 
to reduce the marketing spend. And also, we're investing big in the newer opportunity in the 
matchmaking space. You may know that we launched Luv.com, it's a serious relationship app. 
If you look at the market, Luv.com was not even there one year ago. So now a new product has 
also been launched. The product has come out very well. 
So the overall marketing spend also includes the matrimony business, includes newer initiatives, 
which include Jodii.com, which also include Luv.com. Some other initiatives, we are investing 
now. The benefits of the investment happens in the following year. In fact, while Jodii already 
are monetizing now, it's still in the very early days. So the benefits of Luv.com investment will 
happen in the subsequent year. 

 
 
Matrimony.com Limited  
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
In terms of the job portal, we started monetizing. And currently, you may know that it's currently 
only in Tamil Nadu. We want to reach a certain scale and size in terms of user base, recruiters, 
company. And product-wise also, we want to continue to improve our product and service. Once 
we reach a certain level, then we have plans to expand across India. 
I don't know when that will happen, probably maybe sometime in the coming year, maybe latter 
part of the coming financial year. We don't know. But at this point in time, we have certain 
metrics we want to hit in terms of operating metrics and business metrics. So we started 
monetizing.  
The early feedback has been good. Over 10,000 recruiters are using it and a lot of big companies 
also signed up, and we believe we are on the right track. But I will say that's still in the very 
early days and probably sometime latter part of next year, we'll know where we stand with 
respect to ManyJobs. But overall, we believe that there's a product market fit and there's an 
opportunity, and we believe we're going in the right direction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Mittal, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Mittal: 
So I have some couple of questions. First is, sir, post buyback, what is the capital allocation 
philosophy going forward? 
Harigovind Krishnasamy: Yes. I think, from a capital allocation perspective, we are very clear. Our principles are very 
focused and disciplined. So in terms of the newer initiatives also, we invest in areas where we 
feel that we will make good returns when we scale. So that is number one. 
In terms of the buybacks or future opportunities to give surplus cash to the shareholders, you 
know that there is a statutory time limit between buybacks. And post that, the Board and the 
shareholders will continue evaluating rewarding the shareholders on a long-term basis. 
Harsh Mittal: 
Also, I have one more question. So sir, how much of Q3 deferred revenue converts into Q4 
earnings visibility? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: See, earlier, most of the products used to be three-month package. Because of the introduction 
of the one-year package in the beginning of the year, if you see that over nine months, almost 
INR20 crores of -- if you look at the nine months as a nine-month comparison, last year, the 
billing versus the revenue was almost like – in fact, last year, the revenue was more than the 
billing or on the preceding year revenue. 
So this year, almost a INR20 crore difference between the billing and revenue. So there is some 
amount of revenue getting pushed, but as I said, in quarter 1 of the coming year, the FY '27, 
where we get the full benefit of the 1-year package that was introduced at the beginning of the 
year. So we see that typically around 90-plus percent of the revenue gets pushed to the 
subsequent quarter. There is a 10% revenue, depends on the package and all, pushed to the entire 
year actually. 
Harigovind Krishnasamy: Yes, majority of it is pushed to the next quarter, yes. 

 
 
Matrimony.com Limited  
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Harsh Mittal: 
Also, sir, just one more question. Sir, can we see more improvement in our average transaction 
values? Like, you have shown a really good growth in your average transaction value. So any 
more room for improvement in that? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: We can definitely see that the ATV can continue to get better on account of -- you see the high-
end packages, we are able to make some progress, and also that the higher-value packages are -
- we're able to make progress on those things, plus also continue figuring a way to increase our 
ARPU. The combination of these factors, we believe that ATV can continue to improve. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jimith Mehta, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Jimith Mehta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So given the long-term package strategy, should we expect the 
revenue growth acceleration in FY '27 once the deferred revenue base starts unwinding? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes, absolutely, yes. 
Jimith Mehta: 
Okay, sir. And, like, I had one question on the subscription. So the paid subscription declined 
4.6% on a year-on-year basis, while the ATV grew around 13.3% on a year-on-year basis. Is the 
growth like entirely price-driven? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: No -- yes. Definitely, the one is about the combination of the high-end packages plus also one-
year packages. So ATV is driven. And also in terms of the volume growth, we expect the volume 
growth -- also the 1-year package is going to come for renewal as well. So starting quarter 1 of 
next year, we'll possibly see that the volume growth also moving up. 
Jimith Mehta: 
Okay, sir. Okay. Is there any risk that continued ATV expansion could eventually impact the 
subscriber growth elasticity? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: So basically, the thing is that the increase in ATV on a combination of -- we had multiple 
packages. You know that there are personalized services. The personalized services are much 
higher revenue, be it Elite Matrimony, be it Assisted Service. Those opportunities are growing 
at a much better pace compared to the overall growth. 
So combination of personalized services growth at a better rate compared to the overall growth 
in the matrimony and also the combination of one-year package. There's also the way we are 
working on to improve the average transaction value within the existing products because, 
basically, a lot of experiments are happening. So the combination of all these factors, we expect 
the ATV can continue to improve. That's the outlook what we have at this point of time. 
Jimith Mehta: 
And sir, how is the competition currently right now? Like, why we prefer -- people -- the 
consumer prefer Matrimony over all the other competitors, sir? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: See, most of the market, one is about, obviously, we have a large user base and better than 
anybody else. And point number two is that, in terms of the product and offering, it's the most 
credible and prospective platform. And so basically the number of people who got married 
through our platform. So basically a combination of user base, product and offering, service, 
trust and credibility and the number of people who got married. 

 
 
Matrimony.com Limited  
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
So it's more like a virtuous cycle, more like -- more people -- more database, more people getting 
married, more word-of-mouth publicity driving more registration. It's a multiplayer -- it's more 
like it's a virtuous cycle. So that's why the people prefer -- most of the market, because we have 
the large base, more chance of finding a right life partner and also with a compelling product 
and offering. 
Jimith Mehta: 
Okay, sir. And sir, one last question. So can you disclose the renewal rate trend over the last four 
quarters? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: So we don't disclose the percentage, but one thing is that, the renewal numbers have started 
moving up because a few years ago, we had the profile growth that impacted our first-time 
payment, subsequent renewal payments. Last year, we started growing on the first-time payment. 
We now see the growth happening on renewal as well. 
So basically, we're once again back on track with respect to the profile growth and with the first-
time volume, renewal also coming back. So all these factors which -- will help us to continue to 
grow in the matchmaking business. And the deferred revenue will also contribute to next year -
- the revenue growth. So -- and the marketing will be similar. We expect all these things -- 
benefit coming in the next year. So we don't share that renewal percentage. So what I'm saying 
is, the renewal numbers have started growing. 
Jimith Mehta: 
 
Thank you for the opportunity. All the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Jay Jain: 
So marriage services billing remained muted and structurally small. So what is the long-term 
strategy intent for this vertical? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: So we believe there is opportunity, and we'll continue to figure out the reason we are not scaling 
up, investing and all. We want to get the product market fit strategy right. So we are trying 
something new. We are working out strategies. We'll probably have a better clarity in the coming 
years. Once we are able to get that thing right, then we will invest and scale up the business. 
So we definitely believe that the company has the opportunity to make inroads into wedding 
services. We continue figuring out, but we believe we are sort of getting something right. Let's 
see, in the coming year, we'll have better clarity on the wedding services. 
Jay Jain: 
Okay. So do we have any breakeven road map for this segment? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: No, there's a huge opportunity. So it's more like, rather than a breakeven, we are looking at -- 
it's a huge opportunity. We want to make it as a very large business, a few hundred crore 
business. So we want to get that product market fit strategy and execution right. So we definitely 
are confident that we could be able to execute to capture the opportunity in front of us. So 
definitely, we'll end up this year or something and we will have a better clarity wedding services 
road map. 

 
 
Matrimony.com Limited  
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Jay Jain: 
Okay. And one last question on the market share. So are we gaining any market share? Or is the 
industry recovery-led growth? Is it recovery-led growth? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: I think we continue to remain strong in most of the markets, strong market share. And we should 
be making inroads in some markets also. We're not getting into specific markets, but the profile 
growth is happening, and so we are making inroads in the market as well. So, yes, broadly I want 
to say that, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Apurv Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Apurv Jain: 
So I have a couple of questions. So first question is about despite increased ad investments in 
North India, revenue grew last year. Have you gained measurable market share in North India 
over the past two to three years? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: We don't get into a market specific spend as a thing. Definitely, North is one of the market we 
want to make inroads because that is the only market where I believe we have the opportunity 
to become a leader, because Odisha market, we are a leader. Only North India, we're not the 
number one player. So for us, we need to make progress and inroads.  
We will continue to figure out ways, strategies to get in the market. But at this point of time, 
yes, we have limited investment happening in that market because overall, the market in North 
India for all the players has come down. We are not aggressively investing in North India at this 
point of time. 
Apurv Jain: 
Okay, sir. Okay, sir. So my second question is, at what point would you consider structurally 
reducing ad spends to protect margin? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: So what point is the spends, depends on, one is the market opportunity and also what the 
competitors are doing. But definitely, we see that there is some bit of softening happening on 
the marketing spend. So that, for us, helps us to optimize the marketing spend, as we see that, 
quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year, the marketing spend has come down. We believe that, at this 
point in time, we may be operating at the current level of marketing spend. 
Now we'll continue to evaluate if there's opportunity to reduce marketing spend, we'll reduce the 
marketing spend. But the thing is that, we believe, at this point of time, this sort of marketing 
spend may be required. But other expenses remaining -- it may remain at a similar level. So 
expect next year, some increment, otherwise the cost will be -- may come down a little bit 
because we are leveraging AI to optimize. 
We're looking at AI to improve efficiency. We also look to the AI to optimize cost. So while 
there is some increase on capex on account of AI may happen, but there will be a reduction in 
some costs. We believe that matchmaking broadly may operate at this level for the coming year. 
But until otherwise, something changes that may warrant us to probably -- we don't see that 
happening. We believe we are at a stage where we believe that the matchmaking can continue 
with this level of operating expense. 

 
 
Matrimony.com Limited  
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Apurv Jain: 
Okay, sir. So my third question is about, is the business model inherently dependent on high-
recurring brand spends? Or is there scope for a more organic acquisition-led model? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: A lot of our acquisitions are organic. It's a very large part of our -- it's in organic. However, you 
know that Google is a gateway to the organic traffic. So it's not that the organic, still you have 
to pay money to Google to get the organic traffic. So it is just something that you are forced to 
invest behind the Google platform because otherwise, if you don't invest behind your brand, 
there's a chance of the other ads being shown up and all that. 
So I think the brand is a strong brand and a strong recurrent value. So most of the acquisitions 
are happening through the platform like Google. So we have to invest money on the platform. 
So there is a scope to optimize the spend on account of how the competitors are spending and 
how the market is behaving. It's more like top of the funnel advertisement via TV, other things. 
If there is scope to reduce, we may reduce it also. So that's why you see that the marketing spend 
did come down. 
Apurv Jain: 
Okay, sir. So one last question. If industry advertising rationalizes further, what is the 
incremental margin upside potential? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Sorry, I missed the last part. Can you please repeat again? 
Apurv Jain: 
So I'll repeat my question. If industry advertising rationalizes further, what is the incremental 
margin upside potential? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: I think even we believe that we could be able to operate at the current level of operating expense 
of our matrimony business fairly in the coming year. That being the case, the incremental 
revenue largely can flow into the operating margin. So it will flow into the bottom line. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akash Mehta, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Akash Mehta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Actually, I just wanted to ask you what is the internal capital 
allocation discipline for new initiatives? And when do we expect breakeven? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: So we are not looking at breakeven at this point of time. The way we're looking at is, we want 
to get -- we are looking at all these opportunities, be it the wedding services, be it Manyjobs. So 
all this opportunity, we are definitely looking at INR100-plus crores revenue or larger also. So 
basically, for us, we want to get to the level where we feel that we are confident enough to invest 
and scale up further. 
So definitely -- so in ManyJobs, we already crossed 1 million downloads and we have 10,000 
recruiters in Tamil Nadu. You want to reach a certain level of usage and renewal and certain 
benchmark before you decide to take it across Tamil Nadu, then it can be a large business. 
Wedding services, while we continue investing, we believe that we are changing the model. We 
believe the current model which we are trying now can have the potential. 
Once we believe that, okay, this model is working well, this is the model we want to invest, it's 
more of scaling the business to a large business and capture the opportunity, not we are looking 

 
 
Matrimony.com Limited  
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
at let's make INR5 crore and make it breakeven. That's not what we are looking at. We want to 
create these individual opportunities into a much larger opportunity, at least a minimum of 
INR100 crores, INR200 crores or even much larger also. 
But we are looking at achieving a profitability at that level, not at a INR3 crore level you're 
looking at, trying to make breakeven. The reason not investing, because so far, we didn't get the 
time. But, as we speak, we believe that wedding services, we are working on a model, we believe 
that model can be scaled up. Again, it's a couple of more quarters. Once we have the comfort, 
then we'll come back to you.  
And in terms of ManyJobs, as I told you, probably sometime coming financial year, based on 
how the things are happening, we may scale up across India, that point we may invest further 
also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Daya Shanker Pandey, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Daya Shanker Pandey: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So I have just one question that what is your long-term strategy in 
terms of maximize paid subscriber base or maximize monetization per user? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: It's a combination of both. So it's not one at the cost of other. We're trying to do both. So both, 
try to increase the conversion firstly and monetization and also try to get the best possible ARPU, 
basically offering the right package to the customer. So we'll try to do both. 
Daya Shanker Pandey: 
Okay. And second question I have is, several initiatives were launched, Luv.com, ManyJobs, 
WeddingLoan and Astro chat, but WeddingLoan has been paused. So what is the internal hurdle 
rate for these experiments? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Basically, some of the experiments we won't do for a long time. For WeddingLoan, what we 
saw was that we were able to generate a lot of inquiries, but the leads were not converting. So 
we believe that, at this point of time, we didn't want to focus on opportunities which are not 
yielding the expected results. We decided to stop the initiative. So we are focusing on other 
initiatives as we believe that. 
Now Luv.com is long term because we believe that it's a segment of users who prefer a sort of 
serious relationship. There's small segments that -- but we didn't want to miss out on that 
opportunity, keeping long-term interest of Matrimony.com. So the product has come out well. I 
think we are -- with that one, we have covered the entire spectrum of offerings in the matrimony 
and matchmaking space. 
And AstroFree Chat is more of experiment. We said, AI is happening, why don't we have an AI-
based free chat. It's more of an experiment. We will know in the coming year where it goes, 
accordingly, we'll decide what to do then. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Palak Desai, an individual investor. 

 
 
Matrimony.com Limited  
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Palak Desai: 
Sir, I had a follow-up question on competitive intensity, if it's leading to higher customer 
acquisition cost? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: So in terms of -- there are two things. One is the top of funnel advertisement and the bottom of 
the funnel advertisement spend. So the top of the funnel advertisement increases, some market, 
you also need to step up to ensure that the long-term is the product fit. So at this point in time, 
the way we see that is that the market may continue to operate at a similar level, or there's a 
possibility, I think, of further softening. So that's the way we see at this point in time. 
So sometimes things changes, accordingly, you have to probably maybe step up also. But at this 
point, I don't see. But we believe that at this similar level of marketing may be good enough to 
continue with our growth strategy. So we believe that around INR43 crores or INR45 crores or 
INR44 crores may be good enough for matrimony business at this point in time. 
So that's what we see at this point of time. Again, depending, tomorrow, there's something 
happens, probably we may have to step up. But at this point in time, we see that it's sort of going 
to operate at this level for Matrimony. So if the competition spending increases, the operation 
spending increases, there can be an increase in the marketing spend. 
Palak Desai: 
Okay. And also, should we expect a sustainable double-digit billing growth over FY '26-'27? Or 
is this a recovery-led growth? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: I think we feel we can have that sort of similar level of growth in the coming year as well 
because, as I said, we started all the first-payment, renewal also started growing, personalized 
service also growing. So combination of all these factors, we believe we could have -- the growth 
momentum will continue for FY '26-'27 as well. 
Moderator: 
Next, we have a follow-up question from the line of Premalal Kotha, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Premalal Kotha: 
In the balance sheet, INR345 crores after buyback -- after buyback, INR 345 crores or what is 
the landscape? 
Harigovind Krishnasamy: Yes. That INR345 crores is reduced by INR58 crores. And the operational surplus will get added 
during the quarter. Once the regulatory formalities are done and account is transferred -- the 
amount is transferred to the eligible shareholders, that will get reduced from the closing balance 
of the investment. 
Premalal Kotha: 
So one more thing, sir, instead of buyback, acquiring the new verticals and all, recently corporate 
has bought by OLX after that accelerated profit. So Mr. Muruga, can you answer on this? 
Because, see, only net profit is hardly INR10 crores if you remove other income and all. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: So the thing is that, this year, there's also the difference between the billing and the gaap revenue. 
Next year, we'll see the profit from starting quarter 1 of coming year when we started getting the 
benefits of the billing and the -- sorry, revenue moving up on account of that one-year package. 
The profit also will move up. 

 
 
Matrimony.com Limited  
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
So I think quarter 1 of next year is where we see the benefits of the one-year package fully 
getting realized. And the continued growth happening on the billing also reflecting the -- quarter 
4 also reflect in quarter 1. But the next year, we expect that the profit will be definitely better on 
account of the onetime issue -- what happened in introduction of one-year package. 
So in terms of, as an organization, how to reward the shareholders, one is about, be it a buyback 
or dividend. We also look at opportunity to invest in that. So last year, we invested in a company 
called AI Astrology. We continue to evaluate those opportunities. So these are some of the areas 
we continue to strengthen also. 
So at this point of time, we focus on growing our core business set and making the newer 
initiatives, the product market. I think once you reach certain level of confidence on the new 
initiatives, once the profit moves up to certain level, probably ability to act in some of the 
investment opportunity also may get better. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question from the participant. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Thank you so much for participating, and I appreciate your support, and we'll see you again in 
the next quarter. Thank you so much. Have a nice evening. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
___________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
(This document has been edited for readability) 
 
 
Vijayanand S  
Company Secretary  
Matrimony.com Ltd.  
No: 94, TVH Beliciaa Towers, Tower 2, 5th Floor,  
MRC Nagar, Raja Annamalaipuram, Chennai- 600028, Tamil Nadu, India.  
Phone: 044-4900 1919,  
Email: investors@matrimony.com,  
CIN: L630901N2001PLC047432  
 
