 
 
 
Registered Office: Bosch Limited, Hosur Road, Bangalore-560030, Karnataka, India     
Managing Director: Guruprasad Mudlapur, Joint Managing Director: Sandeep Nelamangala 
Bosch Limited  
Post Box No:3000 
Hosur Road, Adugodi 
Bangalore-560030 
Karnataka, India   
Tel +91 80 67523878 
www.bosch.in 
CIN: L85110KA1951PLC000761 
Secretarial.corp@in.bosch.com  
 
April 17, 2026 
  
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Compliance under Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
regulations, 2015- Disclosure of Transcript  of the Investors’ Concall 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Please find 
attached herewith the transcripts of the investors’ calls with Investors/Analysts 
held on April 13, 2026 at 10.00 AM and 11.30 AM respectively. 
This is for your Information and records. 
[[ 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Bosch Limited, 
 
 
 
V Srinivasan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Venkatara
man 
Srinivasan
Digitally signed by 
Venkataraman 
Srinivasan 
Date: 2026.04.17 
11:37:03 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Bosch Limited 
Group Meeting ” 
April 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GURUPRASAD MUDLAPUR – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER – 
BOSCH LIMITED 
MS. KARIN GILGES – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BOSCH LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. ANNAMALAI JAYARAJ – B&K SECURITIES 
 
 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Welcome for the Bosch Investor Meeting. The presentation has already been uploaded on the 
website. So, management will go through the critical slides, then we will go for a Q&A session. 
Over to you, Sir. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you for coming in. It's a pleasure to see so many of you 
interested in this transaction and other details that we can probably talk about. Please note that 
for us, this is a silent period, and we will not be able to talk anything about quarterly results or 
anything around that. So, the focus is purely on the transaction and details around it. Since the 
slides are already uploaded and you've all probably seen the slides, I'll only connect you back to 
a couple of slides just to bring the context. Karin will talk about the transaction and the financials. 
Then it's better to open it up for Q&A so that we have as much time as possible for a good 
discussion.  
 
So, just to highlight what is the transaction we got into. We got a board approval to make an 
acquisition of one of the group companies. This is Bosch Chassis Systems India Private Limited. 
It's the default market leader in safety and braking systems for the automotive world in India. 
Three state-of-the-art locations, one major manufacturing plant in Chakan, about 2,000 people 
including all the contract workforce. So, it's a very well-established, stable operation, top-tier 
supplier, extremely high PPM quality levels because these are safety-critical products. So, very 
critical that we have high levels of quality.  
 
The interesting thing about this is this whole line-up or the whole portfolio is agnostic to 
powertrain, whether it's EV, whether it's ICE. This is also, by the way, useful in any vehicle that 
moves. So, two-wheeler, four-wheeler, completely agnostic to that. So, it's an extremely good 
complementary portfolio. Has had a very good CAGR growth, high double-digit growth over 
the last few years, very high margins as well, and overall performance last year has been 
exceptionally good. And we expect this trend to continue as we move forward.  
 
Just to give you a quick glimpse of the kind of products we are looking at. These are all -- the 
first slide is all about ABS and ESP. As you know, ABS was the product that was introduced 
already many years ago. And that has now more or less been taken over by ESP systems. There's 
a very high 85%, near 85% impact rate of ESP systems in cars today. Two wheelers, of course, 
are new on ABS systems. 
 
There's a whole range of occupant safety systems, everything that ensures safety of the occupants 
in a car. We don't do airbags, but we do a lot of airbag controllers. Lots of sensors are required 
for this whole system to work. 
 
So there we have products which help sense things and give inputs to the ECUs to take corrective 
actions. For electric vehicles, there is a whole range of different types of ABS, ESP system. This 
is because in the electric vehicle, there are two fundamentally different departments. 
 
One is there's no vacuum, so you have to also create vacuums in order to ensure that it happens 
optimally. There's also a need to have additional things like regeneration. So a lot of other things 
come in. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
So new braking systems come into the electric vehicles, which take care of that. Of course, we 
have a range of conventional actuation systems, which take care of all the older generation 
vehicles and non-ABS technology heavy vehicle categories. So this is the overall range. We can 
come back to this during Q&A if required. 
 
I'll now leave it to Karin to just give you a little flavor of the transaction, and then we can open 
it up. 
Karin Gilges: 
Yes, a warm welcome also from my side. Thank you very much for joining and for your interest. 
And perhaps first of all, regarding the valuation of the target, it was done by PwC. The report is 
also uploaded. We have done a fairness opinion with ICICI Securities. And of all, of course, all 
other necessary reports which are applicable from the Indian law.  
 
Overall, of course, most important, we are the key keepers of your investments. You know, we 
have a very strong balance sheet and therefore, one rationale, of course, was the business case. 
We have a careful look at the target. And here you can see a pro forma simulation, what would 
have happened in '25 if this would be consolidated. 
 
And then you see, of course, we would have a significant improvement, not only in the top line, 
but also in the bottom line. We looked into the business case. We looked into the past. We looked 
what is the product portfolio, what are the forward figures. We looked at the due diligence 
regarding the order books. So, a full-fledged done. 
 
And important, when we went into the discussions, of course, with the seller side and knowing 
this is a related party transaction. We also, as you can see from the evaluation, we were very, 
very carefully and very conservative, and it is our overall philosophy. It is the intent that we 
create value for the future, is bringing these two companies together. 
 
There was one special thing, and I suppose you have recognized it already. We have in the deal 
structure an all cash deal. There is a very small preferential allotment. And this, I also would 
like to explain to you, we have a philosophy at Bosch that we have Robert Bosch Netherlands 
and Robert Bosch US, who are historically the shareholders for a long time. 
 
And what we seek in Bosch is that there should be skill in the game. And even if it's only a very 
small preferential allotment in the Bosch Limited, and this is the reason why we have more or 
less majority of cash, but a very small preferential allotment that is still in the game also from 
the former shareholders. 
 
Another perspective, which I would like to explain to you, the current situation on Bosch Limited 
and of the target are that we have a very high utilization, let's say. So, our lines are full, and 
therefore we were of course thinking, how can we bring the two things, the game structure 
together without disturbing the organization, and to make it in a very fast and clean way. And 
therefore, we decided also in the end that we would like to have a fast closing instead of going 
through the long schemes between Maharashtra and Karnataka. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
And therefore, all cash deal, even after the close of the ballot and the approval, we would really 
try to make a fast close, and the target would be a 100% subsidiary under the Bosch Limited. 
What brings the future, we will see, but we said these are two strong steps along companies. 
 
We have led a good consolidation, and we would not disturb currently any business what we 
have and have a high workflow then within the two organizations. So, this is overall a little bit 
setting the context about our thoughts, about the deal, about the valuation, deal structure, 
etcetera. 
 
I would give back to Guru and to know… 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
We can present the entire deck. But I think you've seen it. It's probably better to have an exchange 
of thoughts… 
Karin Gilges: 
Some time for questions. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
But if you prefer that we go over, happy to do that as well. 
Analyst: 
Just to this, what led to the change in our process to bring this scheme, and also our thought 
about the selection of employees, and delay the marketing of all the businesses that are available. 
What has this also been part of the Group? Outside of the super electronics, that is not normal? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
I think it's good. I'm very sure at the end of the session, we will have covered all slides based on 
your questions. That's also a good way to do it. So thank you for that question. I think it's a very 
important way to look at how mobility is evolving. And I personally talked about this quite a bit 
in several forums. 
 
And it's good to come back to this picture every now and then, because this is typically how 
mobility is evolving world over. And we see more and more OEM requests, especially in the 
West, in Europe, in North America, in China, all leaning towards solutions based on the text that 
has been kept out. 
 
What's within the Bosch Limited portfolio is what we call energy. Some call it powertrain, some 
call it propulsion. So, there are different names for it, but that's just naming. But everything 
under powertrain propulsion is already within the scope of Bosch Limited. 
 
The next big chunk in the context of volumes, in the context of value is the vehicle motion 
portfolio. So, the vehicle motion portfolio carries a very big chunk of solutions, which are nearly 
always domain agnostic, nearly always agnostic to powertrain. And they add on to the very 
important task of safety and braking. 
 
What's also critical, even in the Indian context today, is that safety itself. And every OEM wants 
to have as much safety feature as possible. So, this is becoming more and more prominent. And 
even though there is no ESP legislation as such, they want to have almost everybody migrated 
to ESP in the Indian context. So, in that sense, it's critical to look at this domain. So we thought 
it's a good way to see what's on the cards. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
And since RBIC, the target company, has everything connected to braking and safety here, and 
it's doing quite well, we thought that would be the next logical step to bring it in. 
 
Of course, it encompasses all the things we have to do as we go forward. There are more complex 
solution possibilities emerging in the Western markets where they call it vehicle motion 
management systems which combine the propulsion, braking, safety, steering and suspension 
kind of systems to give vehicle dynamics which are very, very exceptional. 
So those solutions also are multi-domain or cross-domain solutions and this adds quite a lot of 
value there. So that's one reason why the rationale of choosing this as a big addition to a growth 
curve which is complementary and at the same time growing continuously upwards. 
 
The company is also very good with margins right now. So on day one, it's margin accretive 
which is a very positive thing, very rarely happens in a transaction like this. And this trend 
continues for us for many years. 
Analyst: 
My question was more towards what changed in the parent's thought process to integrate because 
it could have been an argument you could have made 2 years or 5 years or 10 years ago? 
Management: 
Yeah, so what changed? I think 10 years ago, most of this room would have kicked us if we had 
done it, because this company was bleeding like crazy. Massive investments, no ABS market at 
all. We had put in lots of money into this, and there was a lot of investment happening, both 
capex development application with different OEMs trying to get an introduction of ABS 
systems into the market. So this was not a very healthy, profitable company then. That's also the 
reason you see in the last four years, five years, the margin uptake has been extremely positive. 
So it's gone on really well. So that's regarding the timing.  
But what also changed is the fact that putting these two together now makes it a holistic mobility 
company, which we've always tried to do for the limited companies to see how to add on 
portfolio, which is lasting, which is derisking, which is portfolio addition over many years. And 
that's been a constant endeavor. The Fed, by the way, has always supported when it makes logical 
sense, when things are okay, when they want a fair value for whatever has been invested, of 
course, but whenever it makes sense. 
Analyst: 
So the three parts that ADAS, body comfort and infotainment which are still part of the -- at 
some point in the future as they get to more steady state, the idea would be to integrate them? 
Management: 
See, these are very, very small at this point of time. Bosch is not big in infotainment. We do 
some things. It's not very big. Body and comfort as well is a very small portfolio for us right 
now. And similarly, ADAS in India is also quite small but overall portfolio in India is quite 
small. We are big in other geographies. So as we go forward, we'll have to see how things 
emerge. 
Analyst: 
Just an extension to the question. You have other listed entities; Bosch Auto Electronics… 
Management: 
Listed? 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Analyst: 
Unlisted. So how should one understand your mix by 5, 10 years down the line because a lot of 
sourcing also from listed entity comes from those entities? So just wanted to know larger setup 
portfolio coming together as listed entity over next 5, 10 years. 
Management: 
See, whatever truly makes sense in the listed company, we will certainly continue to look at this. 
So we are not saying this is the end of it. We are saying this is a continuous process. We will 
constantly evaluate and look at it.  
Since you brought up the other entity, which is the Automotive Electronics company, let's give 
a little background about it. It's an entity which is totally an internal captive supplier of 
electronics to either the listed company or the target company. So it's a pure contract 
manufacturer to these.  
At this point of time, it was felt there's no real logic we can justify to the Board or to any of you 
on why we should integrate that into the current spending a lot of -- into the listed scope by 
spending a lot of money. Because it is a very, very low margin, very high capex intensive and it 
is a pure supplier to this. And the parent is happy to continue to invest and provide these services. 
Management: 
And therefore, you would not have contribution to the top line because it's consolidated anyway. 
And at the bottom line, it's transfer price plus cost. So therefore, we have to ask ourselves what 
is a good target for Bosch Limited? And therefore, also from the competence and from the 
capability and where we have, let's say where these fits together. If I look at the manufacturing 
part, then it's very obvious that these two are very, very close and for us it's an extension out of 
our core. And therefore, we said… 
Analyst: 
When I said unlisted entity, was the focus really on the product side, the manufacturing piece or 
was it a solution or a software? Because Bosch, we already list a lot of solution businesses as 
well. Is that something, please? 
Management: 
Yeah, see, we had one mobility solutions business which we actually took out of the listco a 
couple of years ago because of the very heavy investments required. Market is largely outside 
of India. Very little market in India. And it was very heavily negative. It continues to be quite 
negative even today. Let's hope that the parent continues to fund that and it gets to a profitable 
business and we look at it in future. 
 
But in general, we are not ruling anything out. We will continuously look at it. Also products 
here require huge amounts of software. And we have a completely captive, the largest captive 
engineering center of any auto company in India, close to 22,000 people work in that company 
and it provides a huge amount of services to the rest of the Bosch world, all the customers 
worldwide. A little bit also to India. 
 
And all the products that go to Indian OEMs are also the software comes from this company. 
Most of it is embedded software, so nobody gets to see it. It's already into the product as a line 
item. So we have no issues to leave it at that. But if it makes sense to rethink of it in a different 
configuration, we will. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Analyst: 
Export is also a big driver for the entity which is getting merged, or is it largely going to be 
primarily domestic segment? 
Management: 
Right now, they are struggling to meet the demands of the Indian market. So export is a topic. 
They do some 7%-8% exports. But in the Bosch structure, maybe it's good to explain it already. 
Our production network is set up mostly as local for local. So everywhere, even China for us is 
a completely local setup. China does not export to any other region. All regions have 7% to 8% 
export just to cater to emergencies or flying down somewhere or whatever. So there is a balance 
and they take care of that. But apart from that, they are all set up for the local market. 
 
And with the continuing trend in India of growth in volumes, growth in features, growth in new 
products, we see that we will continue to be heavily local. But of course, this does not rule out 
any exports. We already have examples of where we have started this year or last year exports 
to other geographies. We will always look at whatever is making sense. The landed cost has to 
be attractive for the OEM. And we have to always benchmark against that. 
Analyst: 
My question would be on the breakup of the revenue if you could give some colour on that? 
Management: 
Yeah, so we would like to do only a broad figure roughly; one-third is two-wheeler and the rest 
is then passenger cars. 
Analyst: 
Can you please elaborate the margin expansion that we've seen over the last few years? Is it 
related to operating leverage or is it a sort of localization? 
Karin Gilges: 
It is actually several aspects which were all playing together. It's localization, it is of course an 
increase in volumes in the Indian market and it's the implementation of legislation. And if you 
look into the future then for example the legislation of the ABS for the two wheelers below the 
125, 150 is then a further opportunity.  But if you say, if you look at the last let’s say five years 
of the company then it is a good combination that the management of this company did the right 
decisions and played all the parts. 
Management: 
So maybe just to give you a little further explanation of that, we were very active in commercial 
banking, and that was what the company was doing for a long time. And then came the ABS 
legislation on top. So there was massive investments on ABS, which resulted in the company 
being negative for a sustained period of time, and ABS was the first step. So we had a lot of 
things coming into the market on ABS. 
The market moved on to ESP, so we had additional investments coming in towards ESP to make 
the transition to ESP. Then came the step change towards all the occupant safety systems, where 
the airbag mandates and other things helped the growth of the segment. Sensors are common, so 
anything grows, sensors also grow. New braking systems have been a recent development. So 
since the EVs started to now come in, new braking systems came in. That brought in a new 
structure. 
So continuously, technology is getting upgraded, like parents said, volume and the operating 
temperatures helped. All this is a topic of legislation, so every time there is a legislative support, 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
either for braking or for safety, it has helped the growth of the market. So we would say it's 
multiple things. 
Analyst: 
Just one follow-up to that. We know on the ABS side, dealership should be out there. So on the 
passenger side, do you have a sense of what's going on? 
Management: 
We are also a market leader there, but we are afraid of giving up. 
Analyst: 
How will the content for vehicle change coming years? Have you reached the people are getting 
better into one period of time to cross 4-5 subsidies?  
Management: 
In this portfolio, I would say the content for vehicle is what is shown here. What can change is 
significant new introductions of braking systems. There's always an upgrade of each of these. 
So we are now at ESP-10, which is the 10th generation of ESPs. Just to also let you know, ABS 
was a washing engine, long time ago. We are in the 10th generation of ESP today. So that's a 
continuous increase in content and features.  
Mind you, a lot of changes that have happened on ESP are software features that have come. So 
a lot of things are software additions. So that is a continuous trend that goes on. The new braking 
systems is a whole new change that comes in. Possibilities to bring other portfolio are just in 
these vehicle motion management systems. These are all additional content. 
Analyst:  
 
Is there any service revenue or sales revenue?  
Management: 
 
Aftermarket. Not very big but it has settled. 
Analyst:  
 
And will you see the two entities to be high margin high growth segments? 
Karin Gilges: 
So you mean after that, that's a good to close the deal. Then of course, so first of all, as you have 
in the post-market integration, it is much easier than a merger. Nevertheless, we would of course 
also, and I have to say we are quite behind the nines already because we have the wash structure, 
let's say. So processes, et cetera.  
Nevertheless, we would look at the processes. We would look at the, can we put things together? 
Can we have some synergies? So the typical post-merger integration things were looking in. 
And then going forward, we could also think about would it make sense in the future to look 
again in the structure, etcetera.  
So this would be a typical post-merger integration part of about six to 12 months where you 
carefully, because we don't want to serve as a current leader organization, where you carefully 
look what can be harmonized, where can we put things together, other synergies. And then out 
of this catalog, we could think about the structure, the right solution to another structure. So this 
would then be after the closing of the default fund. 
Analyst:  
 
How are we classifying the entire distribution management system? 
Management: 
 
Business division is now called internally vehicle washing. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Karin Gilges: 
 
Yes. 
Analyst: 
So these three plants which you have, are they sufficed to meet your growth aspiration or you 
have to invest? 
Management: 
We actually have one very large plant in Jharkhand. We have in Manesar an assembly unit 
specifically for the merger. We have in Sanand warehousing under the same. So these two are 
not really manufacturing but just assembly and warehousing. The current capacity, I think we 
are on the verge of maxing out in the current location and people have told me. 
Analyst: 
It is more in the greenfield or the brownfield can happen? 
Management: 
It's in the Bosch world, it's mostly brownfield because we have other plants and this is another 
synergy effect that's coming. Bosch limited has a lot of plants close to customers across India. 
And we have hangar space. We also have space to build hangar. So we will look at that part of 
the overall space plan in Jharkhand. 
Analyst: 
And then secondly, on the Bosch parent level, products which is there at the parent level, but not 
in India, which perhaps would be introduced? 
Management: 
There are products. I mean, there are some products which are pretty new. Like I said, Vehicle 
Motion Management Systems currently not used only by a very few select programs worldwide, 
not so common in many places of the world. And those are systems which will make a lot of 
sense as we go forward. There will also be evolution of this, for example, semi-tunnel ABS 
would be a great addition, cost optimized one below 100 pieces. So there will be a lot of things. 
Like I said, ABS, RDSP are now in their 10th generation. So you've done from a product which 
used to look like this to a very, very small one of that kind. A lot of changes have happened. So 
a lot of new generational changes have happened worldwide as well so we can bring that in. 
Analyst: 
Are these suppliers, any of the Chinese manufacturers in China, like BYD and all, they buy this 
from Bosch.  
Management: 
Yes. 
Analyst: 
My question is, suppose this ABS system is not patented, OEMs, and if the existing braking 
system is updated, what would be the revenue for market share which will come to us? And what 
is the existing ABS market share in two-wheelers?  
Management: 
 
Yeah, that's a really good question. 
Karin Gilges: 
So the first question was on the cash-in of the lead structure. So there were actually two aspects. 
One, as I said already, it is we would like to have a fast closure. But what is also important is 
that if you look at the Bosch Limited, the Bosch Group is only 70.2% or 70.5% already.  
 
And if you would have gone with a share deal, we would have come to the 75%. And what we 
don't want to somehow do is or send a signal, yeah, that we do a deal, we offload afterwards and 
then the Bosch Group very clearly said we don't want to dilute the minority shareholders. We 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
don't want to make a deal and offload afterwards, giving the complete wrong signal, because we 
are doing this because we believe that the two things are fitting very well together and we create 
value for all our shareholders. So, this is the first part of the question.  
 
And the second part was… 
Analyst: 
ABS and the market share and… 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Two-wheeler ABS, we have a very high market share. We are the market leader. And we will 
continue to be like that for long.  
Analyst: 
And if it's not marketed, then what would we say? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
What do you mean if it's not marketed?... 
Karin Gilges: 
So, important to know, we have only plugged in the business case what is in legislation today 
already. So, we did not plug in things for the future which are still a little bit crystal ball. So, this 
was not a part of the business case. If it comes, we have a further opportunity.  
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
So, while it's not part of the valuation, that clearly is an opportunity. And we have solutions 
already for that. And even though it's not in legislation, a lot of audience are already fitting in 
because it sells. So they also already do it. But we hope in some time to come, that could also 
become a standard across all of us. Then the market really explodes. Well, that's a good point. 
Analyst: 
So, the market will buy a lot of Bosch taxis. So, since Bosch, you can probably mention is quite 
good. And it's primarily because it's sensitive to localization... 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
It is largely the product. The product, the philosophy of how these products are manufactured, 
how the variants are controlled, how tightly the manufacturing capex is optimized, or how 
modular the design is. So, these are, just to give you a picture, these are safety critical products. 
 
Braking is an absolute safety critical product. And if braking fails, or ESP, ABS fails, it is an 
extremely life-threatening situation, as you can imagine. So the level of importance everybody 
places right from the approval regulatory agencies to the OEMs and finally internally for us is 
all about very high standards of safety and criticality. 
 
That also brings an element of liability. So if something goes wrong, there is an element of 
liability as well, which is why we need to have very high standards of product, but also standards 
of the application in how it is applied on a car or a two-wheeler in terms of managing the safety. 
So they generally come out high. 
Analyst: 
If Bosch changed the system see there is substantially improvement in the gross margins in last 
3 years from 34% to 40%. What is the exact reason for 600bps in improvement in gross margins? 
Management: 
Yeah. So as we already said, it is a mix of certain things. It is, of course, if you can scale and 
then the implementation of certain legislation. And we have a very, very fast localization of 
these products, which we needed for the new legislation. And overall, if you look at or if you 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
look at KPIs in the production, very good overall efficiency, very good EPM figures, quality 
stable. 
 
And what we also see is a very, very intelligent method of investment. Modular setup of the 
platforms itself already, which helps later on if you go from one generation to the other in the 
production. And the second thing is and this is overall what we have as an advantage in the 
Bosch Group is due to the fact that we have international production networks, if we are in need, 
let's say, of a new line or of extension of our capacities. 
We first look into the international production network if we have an idle line somewhere. And 
this has two big aspects, of course. Second-hand machinery is all the time, let's say, a little bit 
less expensive and this is good for our cost base. And the second thing is, these lines were 
running already under full load and capacity in other Bosch plants. We know all the technical 
KPIs, we know all the maintenance schedules.  
And what we usually do is the team will run, for example, a line in the US, would come to India 
and run up the line. And this gives us the flexibility to have a very, very fast and very safe ramp-
up. And all these aspects together is what you see in the end, in the top and also in the bottom. 
Analyst: 
And now what is localization level currently? 
Management: 
It depends on the product. It's like in Bosch Limited. We have products where we have a 
localization over 90% of the child and put all in fast because it's not all the time only the finished 
goods. You have to look also at the whole supply chain. Newer products, you start with assembly 
testing, you stabilize and then you bring in the other child parts because you have to make sure 
that you do not have too many variables in the whole chain. Otherwise, your whole 
manufacturing system starts to fail. 
Analyst: 
So, can you give a break up about the product-wise revenue and the capex that you will put in 
the invention? 
Management: 
So, we said already about one-third 2-wheler. What we do not disclose is segmental figures. But 
to give you an idea of the intelligent investment logic, it depends of course year-over-year if you 
have to add a line, but let's say between 1.5% and 3.5% investment of the total net sales is what 
you also see in the business case. So very, very intelligent way of investments. 
Analyst: 
Just one, I mean, like regulations coming in on the ADAS side on the CV side so we have 
solutions on that for LCV? 
Management: 
Yeah, yeah. 
Analyst: 
Post-closure of Bosch Chassis, think about content per vehicle for a ICE vehicle vs an EV. How 
the content per vehicle will take? 
Management: 
In regard to this range or in general for Bosch? 
Analyst: 
For Bosch? 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Management: 
What we've seen as a general trend and I am now being very simple is that when we move 
towards electric vehicles in general, content per vehicle and the value for vehicle goes up. I won't 
put a number exactly now because for example an e-axle is typically a EUR1,000 component. 
It's orders bigger. 
So content per vehicle for us based on worldwide averages which is how many things are like. 
We are also by the way also top Tier 1 for EVs. Content per vehicle definitely goes up. 2-wheeler 
space is a bit to watch out, if you take the battery out the content per vehicle there is more space. 
Analyst: 
One question on future possibility. You also have a JV with Tata Autocomp what product is 
manufactured. But one more thing is, it would naturally go towards electric vehicles. But we 
thought of doing a GD structure. Whatever thought process, then I'll be putting in similar 
structures for, perhaps, the big models that are out there in the future. 
Management: 
Okay. So, we are not ruling out any structure. A lot of you and a lot of people have also asked 
us, why does Bosch do any partnership? So that's the counterpoint on the other side. But 
specifically to answer you on this, the current volumes in the market for e-axles is very very 
small. It does not even fit one line of a typical Bosch line. 
One Bosch e-axle line produces 150,000 e-axles. The volumes are not there. They will of course 
grow, but we need to make the investments growth, we can't invest a lot and keep the lines idle 
and burn capex and have low utilization which is affecting everything, finally affecting the 
product cost and we can also lead, everybody is leading, we will go out leading in that direction. 
 
So, at this point of time, it was held that we partner with a very reputed company like TACO, 
which is also doing already e-axles for a real car specifically. We have new acquisitions on our 
plate, which we will bring into the JV. And then we will try and grow this to be a very big e-
axle Tier 1, e-axle JV. That's our process. It's just the reality of the market today and how we 
need to operate to make people pay for that. 
Analyst: 
Yeah, but see, you know, we are coming in with a lot of cost structures, we are having a lot of 
forces in retail. One more thing, I have been seeing more and more Indian companies. 
Management: 
So, yes and no. See, the typical e-axle, for example, is 250 to 300 pieces. It's not an easy export-
oriented product. You can export subsystems. Here at KG, just the logistics cost will kill the 
market cost in Hungary, for example, or in Czechoslovakia, where there are some problems. So, 
we have to work out the overall modality of how it's going to work. 
 
I personally think there will be, with the FTA, a lot more component export possibilities, because 
that works much more effectively, rather than a finished e-axle going. Unless the volumes are 
very small. If the volumes are small, like 10,000, 20,000, we can somehow make it work, absorb 
some margins on both sides. 
But it's millions of exports, then logistically it's out to them. So, we have to balance it. Hopefully, 
this also improves as we go forward. Maybe CKB kind of goes somewhere and gets us 
something. So, we are looking at all possibilities. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Analyst: 
So, this is mainly ADAS demand is How to think about the product cost reduction of the product 
itself, since you are an OEM, you have -- this is a category where low-cost storage products into 
the market, but for this category Bosch is very more important. So there how you thinking of 
bringing out the cost of the product. And also, we know the battery only be the cost benefit as 
the plus point. 
Sorry for the context, but so I say Europe or Japan country trying very hard to localize their 
product and get standard in the best possible solution of the product. But in battery only be the 
cost benefit that you always show to segment. So we normally know our competition was hard 
in these cases, how the company thought on the cost point of view. 
Management: 
So we have many things up our sleeve in terms of managing cost. Also technology wise we have 
quite a lot in terms of what makes sense for segment like this, be it a single-channel ABS or 
other ABS systems, simpler ones, everything. So there are multiple things that are in our basket 
which we can offer to customers. 
In terms of specifically catering to this potentially very large market, we believe this is not going 
to be a one Tier 1 opportunity because the volumes explode. Like easily 15 million 2-wheelers 
come under this umbrella and it is potentially a good thing to have maybe three-four players in 
this game. So and also with this kind of a production volume and localization, therefore, will 
also make it very good for us to be the default export hub for rest of the world. 
So there are plenty of things that are likely to happen, the costs will certainly be coming down, 
margins will be a further under pressure specifically for this category, but we have quite a few 
things already well covered.  
Analyst: 
And how much time? How the capacity for this segment in coming 2-3 years, some provision of 
capacity for unlegislated part? 
Management: 
For the unlegislated part? 
Analyst: 
Yeah. 
Management: 
No, I mean we plan capacity based on either a upcoming legislation or based on an OEM part. 
So we will not simply add lines and just wait and depreciate those margins, so we are not doing 
that. We will do it then we have more certainty on which way this is going. The good thing with 
us is line building and expansion of capacity has never been a constraint in any market for us. 
We have it all around the world, we have massive line building capacity in India as well. We 
have a whole group which does it within Bosch Limited and we also work with various suppliers 
around, so making a line for additional capacity is not a constraint. 
Analyst: 
Yeah, thanks for the explanation.. 
Management: 
Sorry, could you... 
Analyst: 
Pricing terms with Bosch Chassis systems or potentially transfer pricing their 100% subsidiaries 
and in the merger with these transfer pricing deals, follow it to Bosch Limited  

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Management: 
Okay. Up to little bit up to now. Bosch Limited and Bosch Chassis Systems, they are nearly 
no… 
Analyst: 
I am asking something about electronics and RPTs. 
Management: 
Yes, so this is normal according to the transfer price regulations and the tax regulations, if you 
have a delivery from the automotive electronics, it's a cost-plus and this is applicable for the 
whole Bosch Group in India and is in accordance to transfer price regulations. So there is actually 
-- it's as normal. 
Analyst: 
In terms of going forward we’ll be seeing this? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Management: 
Yes.  
Management:  
They are subject to normal audits and the transfer pricing regulations. 
Management: 
Absolutely.  
Analyst: 
The royalty will also be same  ? 
Management: 
Very similar. 
Management: 
Very similar, and of course depending on the different products, but very similar. 
Analyst: 
So on passenger vehicle side, what are the key regulations that helps for Bosch Chassis? 
Management: 
See, the ESP regulation, there is no ESP regulation, but thanks to the crash norms ESP is a very 
high fitment. All ABS is regulated so there needs to be a fitment of ABS, but everybody has 
already moved to the more advanced ESP system. So that's certainly helping. More safety has 
now become more a selling feature rather than a legislative feature. 
While legislation still helps crash logs, the fact that safety is something that OEMs are 
capitalizing to sell their vehicles already helps us go with the volume. So we see very high 
fitment rates with or without legislation. 
Management: 
And I have to supply to all the OEMs. Maybe, I know, for ADAS, we are just supplying it for 
LCVs. I don't know. We are not supplying ADAS to have LCVs. Still we did... 
Management: 
We are supplying ADAS to also customer hubs. 
Analyst: 
Then what will the pay? It's 120,000, 180,000, and 400,000? 
Management: 
What do you mean, break up the power? 
Analyst: 
It will be a number of vehicles, so just 120,000. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Management: 
125,000 is just a very, very small plastic 1.5. There is no mandate or law requiring any OEM to 
fit it below 150,000. Very few do it for a small number of special selling purposes. But otherwise 
-- it's the most competitive company's business across the world, right? You have to know that. 
You're talking to that. 
Analyst: 
And your unit versus, let's say, your Chinese unit versus European unit, what would be the cost 
difference? Because in cost difference, the products are very different. More of my shading and 
other stuff here. What makes it very competitive? 
Management: 
See, the Bosch manufacturing units worldwide benchmark for cost and profitability. There are 
several product categories where the Indian manufacturing plants are number one, globally. 
That's true also for other plants. Worldwide China is also number one in many areas. So this is 
-- I mean, it's a growing average. It keeps going up and down. It's constantly benchmarked every 
quarter. But we know where things stand, what areas. So this happens on a very regular basis. 
What sets Chinese plants apart is a very high localized quality of supply. And that is not yet 
there in India and we're working constantly. 
Analyst: 
Remember, in premiumizations of many attendments in the PV segment there no problem. What 
kind of difference does it make to revenues of those companies from the CV segment? And as 
you move up, how does the system change in terms of content and subsequently the profitability? 
Management: 
There are lots of features that come on this. For example, you can do Chinese ESP. You can do 
just the basic ABS functions. So prevent the breaks from long. That's the most basic thing you 
can do. Like you can take your phone and just do a call. So that's the technical function of the 
phone. But you can do so many. You can back it. 
So similarly with ESP, you can do a hill hold. It's a software feature. You can do a parking brake 
assist. So there are plenty of features that come on top. And all of that has software features. So 
those are additions. In addition to the constantly increasing volumes.  
Analyst: 
Also, we do share a multifaceted by the scale of competition between us. And one of the biggest 
areas of need for us as a partnership? So when you think of China's scale of revenue of Boschit 
may be agnostic. 
Management: 
We can try to get this for you. It's very high. If they could ask us again. 
Analyst: 
It's a possibility.   
Management: 
Yeah. We believe we will hold margins very steady for the next 5 years or so. Every major 
project that's offered from OEMs till their launch in 2031, we will fund. So our order book is 
very, very full. Maybe not lost any order maybe not so far. So that gives us confidence to make 
this kind of statement that we are on a very good path. 
 
Margins will be under some pressure because everybody wants to do it differently. But we know 
how to manage this with the scale, with the localization, with other elements coming in, capex 
depreciation. So overall I think we are fairly comfortable. On what are other drivers of growth? 
We talked about 2-wheeler ABS below 125, that's definitely a big opportunity for all of us. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
EV is a great opportunity as EVs grow, new braking systems grow, that's a new level, new 
dimension of growth for us. We also see that Vehicle Motion Management systems as a more 
comprehensive multi-domain systems are certainly in the opportunity. So, this is in a way sort 
of agnostic to powertrain changes, agnostic to vehicle categories, every time anything grows, 
this is going along, as long as we retain our position. 
 Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
So as I said now repeatedly we are market leaders. And market leaders don't operate the way 
you said. We have a lot of things already localized in terms of our abilities to design and our 
abilities to do application. So, our software center is a global hub for many of these 
developments. They do a lot of ESP developments here. A lot of testing locally also happens. I 
wish we can invite you once the transaction is done to show you all phases of what we do in a 
categories like this.  
Huge amount of development testing right down to things like EMC testing. Everything gets 
done locally. And the application, of course, is very different from OEM to OEM and we work 
very closely with them. So, in terms of design, development and application capacity, we have 
absolutely -- we are probably the top-most. Well taken.  
Analyst: 
Yeah, thanks, thanks for all the answers.  
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Thank you very much. Thank you, everyone. 
Analyst: 
Thank you very much.  
Management: 
Good luck   
Analyst: 
Thank you.  
Management: 
Thank you so much. 
 
NOTE: This document is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate 
and may contain misspelling and other inaccuracies. While the transcript has been edited for clarity, the Company takes no 
responsibility for such errors. 
 

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Bosch Limited 
Business Update Conference Call” 
April 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GURUPRASAD MUDLAPUR – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER – 
BOSCH LIMITED 
MS. KARIN GILGES – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BOSCH LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. ANNAMALAI JAYARAJ – B&K SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Bosch Limited -- Conference Call hosted 
by Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Annamalai Jayaraj from B&K Securities. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thanks. Welcome all the participants for Bosch Limited Business Update. From the 
management side, we have with us today Mr. Guruprasad Mudlapur, Managing Director and 
Chief Technology Officer, and Ms. Karin Gilges, Chief Financial Officer. Bosch management 
will make a brief presentation followed by a question-and-answer session. Over to you, sir. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Thank you, Jayaraj. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call today. By now 
you have all seen the press release and the accompanying investor presentation filed with the 
exchanges regarding Bosch Limited's acquisition of Bosch Chassis Systems India Private 
Limited or RBIC. The core rationale is to consolidate mobility solutions, strengthen our portfolio 
and the market position. We will now walk you through a brief presentation on the transaction 
followed by a Q&A. 
 
Let me start with an overview of the Bosch Group. Founded in 1886, the Bosch Group is a 
leading global supplier of technologies and services with key business sectors in mobility, 
industrial technology, consumer goods, and energy and building technology. Bosch Group 
comprises of Robert Bosch GmbH and approximately 490 subsidiaries and regional companies 
in more than 60 countries. 
 
According to preliminary figures, Bosch Group generated sales of EUR91 billion as of 
December 2025. With roughly 412,000 associates worldwide, of which nearly 87,000 associates 
dedicated to Research and Development, we are actively shaping future solutions across our 
diverse portfolio. 
 
Now turning to the Bosch Group in India. Since beginning manufacturing in 1953, our footprint 
has grown to 17 manufacturing sites and seven development and application centers. Critically, 
India is home to the group's largest R&D center outside of Germany, providing end-to-end 
capabilities that are vital to Bosch's global technology leadership. This allows us to localize 
solutions and respond with agility to market demands. 
 
In FY '24-'25, Bosch India generated a net revenue of INR373 billion and employed more than 
38,000 associates as of March 31st, 2025. Bosch Limited continues to anchor the group's India 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
presence with a sharp focus on next-generation mobility, smart manufacturing, and digital 
transformation. 
 
Now let's turn our attention to RBIC. RBIC is a Tier 1 supplier of auto components, specializing 
in safety and braking systems for both 4-wheeler and 2-wheeler OEMs. RBIC has held a 
dominant market presence in India for these products, a leadership built on sustained technology-
led differentiation. This includes pioneering the introduction of breakthrough technologies such 
as electronic stability program or ESP and anti-lock braking systems or ABS in India during the 
early 2000s. 
 
RBIC's product portfolio is largely powertrain agnostic, providing flexibility as OEMs transition 
platforms and diversify their model lineups. With increasing EV penetration, RBIC is well 
positioned as it drives significant demand for next-generation braking solutions such as iBooster 
and integrated power brakes, essential for regenerative braking integration, improved efficiency, 
and enhanced safety. 
 
RBIC has a strong track record of financial and operational performance. It operates three state-
of-the-art manufacturing facilities in the major automotive hubs of India. In FY '25, it recorded 
a revenue of INR4,000 crores and a strong EBITDA margin of 19.3%. In the nine months in FY 
'26, RBIC earned a revenue of INR3,500 crores. Over the period FY '23 to '25, RBIC has 
achieved a revenue CAGR of 17% with its EBITDA margin expanding significantly from 12.8% 
to 19.3%. 
 
Regarding the product portfolio, RBIC supplies a comprehensive suite of safety solutions from 
active systems like ABS and ESP to passive safety and actuation braking systems across 
passenger cars, utility vehicles, 2-wheelers, and other vehicle segments. The growth for this 
portfolio is driven by structural tailwinds. First, a strong regulatory push. We are seeing a clear 
roadmap for enhanced vehicle safety in India with mandates for airbags, ABS, ESP, and adoption 
of Bharat New Car Assessment Program. This continued tightening of safety norms provides a 
sustainable and predictable demand catalyst for RBIC's core products. 
Secondly, shifting consumer preferences. As the market shifts towards premium cars, consumers 
are increasingly demanding higher safety standards. This translates directly to greater 
penetration of advanced safety systems and a higher value of content per vehicle for RBIC. And 
third is the OEM strategy. OEMs are increasingly using safety as a core brand differentiator to 
build consumer and customer trust. This is driving the standardization of advanced safety tech 
across platforms. 
 
Next slide please. Over the last 33 years, RBIC has built a strong domestic manufacturing 
footprint with three state-of-the-art facilities in key automotive hubs of Chakan, Manesar, and 
Sanand. Crucially, in-house manufacturing for majority of its portfolio gives RBIC tight control 
over quality, lead times, and cost. The operational excellence is consistently validated by leading 
OEMs like Tata Motors, Maruti Suzuki, Toyota, and Bajaj Auto, cementing RBIC's reputation 
as a trusted partner in the automotive industry. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Next slide. Coming to the financial performance, RBIC has demonstrated steady profitable 
growth over the years. Revenue grew at a 17% CAGR from INR2,900 crores in FY23 to 
INR4,000 crores in FY25. This was fuelled by strong market demand for safety products, an 
increasing mix of higher value solutions, and an established first-mover advantage in key 
technologies. By strategically localizing production to enhance cost efficiency, its EBITDA 
margin increased from 12.8% to 19.3% and net profit margin from 8.1% to 13.9% during the 
same period. 
 
Next slide please. This brings us to the core rationale for the acquisition. RBIC presents a 
compelling acquisition opportunity for Bosch Limited. This is a strategic move to create a more 
powerful and enhanced mobility solutions provider. We see a strong intersection of capabilities 
between Bosch Limited's mechanical engineering excellence and RBIC's market-leading safety 
systems. Our decision is based on key benefits. 
Firstly, an enhanced portfolio. By integrating RBIC's industry-leading portfolio of active safety, 
passive safety, and actuation systems, we will decisively strengthen our leadership position in 
the mobility sector. Second is the financial accretion. RBIC brings a highly profitable business 
with strong sustained demand. This transaction will immediately be accretive to our margins and 
accelerate our growth trajectory. 
And third, stronger operations. We are combining manufacturing excellence which will fortify 
our operational competencies and supply chain resilience. In summary, this acquisition 
empowers Bosch Limited to lead the future of mobility, delivering superior growth and creating 
significant long-term value for our shareholders. 
 
Next slide please. Right now, the mobility businesses at Bosch Limited are housed in separate 
entities. While power solutions and mobility aftermarket business is under Bosch Limited, the 
active, passive safety and actuation businesses are housed under RBIC. Hence the portfolios are 
complementary without any overlap, thus enabling Bosch Limited to combine these two 
offerings. By bringing RBIC into Bosch Limited, we are not just acquiring a business, we are 
creating a single unified powerhouse. 
We will be able to offer our customers enhanced scalable solutions for every vehicle segment 
and platform in the market. As discussed earlier, RBIC continues to witness strong demand from 
structural tailwinds including regulatory push. Evolving consumer preferences for premium and 
safer cars, OEMs focus on vehicle safety and India emerging as an export hub for automobiles. 
By acquiring RBIC, we are positioning Bosch Limited to perfectly capture this growing demand 
and lead the future of mobility safely. 
 
Next slide please. The proposed transaction is intended to enhance our mobility portfolio by 
adding the vehicle motion business under Bosch Limited. In India, we expect the mobility 
landscape to evolve radically by 2030 and beyond with sustainable, safe, and exciting 
technologies. To enable a customer-first mindset and pivot from supplying individual 
components to delivering future-ready platform solutions, it becomes imperative to unite our 
forces and adopt an integrated approach. This transaction empowers Bosch Limited to steer 
growth with a wider portfolio offering in the complete mobility tech stack. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
Next slide please. Bosch Limited continues to remain committed to create value for our 
shareholders in the future. In the recent times, Bosch Limited has taken deliberate steps at 
enhancing shareholder returns such as establishing a 50-50 joint venture to provide e-axles and 
electric motors for electric vehicles, committing to dividend distribution of 55% to 85% of PAT.  
RBIC acquisition immediately strengthens our financial profile with an expected pro forma EPS 
accretion of approximately 5% based on FY25 numbers. By uniting two strong cash-generating 
businesses, we are not only enhancing our current portfolio, but also building the financial 
capability to seize new growth opportunities in the future. 
 
Next slide please. Bosch Limited's consolidated revenue from operations will increase by 22% 
from INR18,000 crores to INR22,000 crores on a pro forma basis for FY25. Looking at the 
historical trend on a comparable pro forma basis, the revenue from operations CAGR would 
have been 11.2% compared with 10.1% over FY23-'25. The FY25 EBITDA margins will 
improve from 12.8% to 13.9% on a pro forma basis led by higher margins of RBIC. 
 
Next slide please. The purchase consideration for the transaction is INR9,068.70 crores. RBIC's 
valuation is at an implied 10.6x EV over FY25 EBITDA. We intend to fund the transaction 
through existing funds and internal accruals. The boards of Bosch Group, the Bosch Limited and 
RBIC have approved the transaction and we target to complete the acquisition by the end of first 
quarter of FY27, subject to shareholders' approval.  
The voting for the transaction and issue of equity shares on preferential basis has commenced 
on 9th of April and will continue up to 8th of May 2026. Next slide please. Thank you all for 
your contribution and listening patiently through the call. We will now address your queries. 
Thank you and open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Pramod Amthe from InCred. Please go ahead. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats to management for taking this bold step of 
acquiring the interesting business in the portfolio. I wanted to get your top-down thought process 
in terms of why this business was chosen when you also have Bosch Automotive Electronics 
which is also related and with this acquisition of chassis, the related party transactions will 
further go up with the Bosch Automotive Electronics. So how are you looking at the 
restructuring exercise? Will it be a step-by-step or the best is behind if you can explain your top-
down thought process? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Thank you, Pramod, for the question. I think the answer is as follows. Over the years we've been 
carefully looking at the product portfolio, what makes sense and how should we integrate it best 
in line with building a great mobility company as Bosch Limited. So that's been the focus and 
that's how we've looked at.  
And RBIC portfolio perfectly suits that and as you've seen through the slides and the presentation 
earlier, it's powertrain agnostic, it adds a lot of complementarity to the business and is margin 
accretive from day one. So everything ticks off and it's a good business case for us.  

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
The specific question on RBAI or the automotive electronics business that you brought up. Look, 
we have always looked at what value can be created for shareholders and RBAI as you also just 
said is a completely captive internal contract manufacturer for Bosch Limited and the target 
companies. So, all their supplies come to these companies at very low margin RBAI operates. 
 
But at the same time, RBAI has quite some requirements on capex and high investments over 
the next years. So, at this point of time, we did not find a good commercial logic to bring this 
business in when it does not add turnover, doesn't contribute much to the margins, and there is 
very heavy intensity on investments. So, we thought it's good to leave it out for now. You want 
to add something, Karin? 
Karin Gilges: 
Of course, going forward we all the time look at all opportunities and what makes sense from 
Bosch Limited point of view but also of course the Bosch Group is looking at the overall India 
view. So, therefore this is an ongoing process and review in the upcoming time and years. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Sure, interesting. And going forward for chassis business because it's going to be a new learning 
for all the shareholders even though you have made a detailed presentation, if you could disclose 
revenue mix or in terms of 2-wheeler, cars at any time either now or later, it will be helpful first. 
 
Secondly, with regards to outlook, can you talk about what are the synergy benefits we can 
expect from both these businesses coming through one either in terms of cost or sales team 
rationalization and how to build that into the model and also in terms of what is this entity's 
chassis localization and what's the capex requirement and intensity? Thanks. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
So, we generally do not disclose product segment wise details, that's one. And everything we 
can disclose pre-approval of a transaction we have disclosed and we have also uploaded in the 
portal so you have full access. But I am quite sure once the transaction is complete, we can invite 
you over to RBIC and show you a lot more about this and discuss this much more in detail. And 
your second part of the question was synergies. You want to talk a little bit? 
Karin Gilges: 
Yes. So, synergies, you have to see that Bosch Limited and also the chassis systems are all part 
of the Bosch Group. That means our processes, our frameworks are very much harmonized 
already. We have sales customer teams which we have intensive exchange, same on the vendor 
side. So, therefore for the time being and also for the business case we did not count any 
synergies. 
 
Nevertheless, after the approval of the transaction in the post-merger integration period, we will 
have a look if we bring these two companies as a mother company Bosch Limited and a 
subsidiary for the chassis systems under one roof let's say, are there further synergies, if we dig 
deeper into the process landscape etcetera. But for the time being and for the business case we 
were very conservative and did not count synergies. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Sure. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand 
Rathi Iquities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thank you sir for the opportunity. Sir just want to understand you have seen the number which 
you've shared in the PPD. Seen more than 25% growth. Just want to understand what are the 
factors driving the growth for this entity in near term sir? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Your question is why did we have such a growth and what are factors driving growth right? 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Right sir. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Okay. As I briefly touched during one of the slides, the safety and braking business is quite 
closely coupled with legislation. And that's how things started when the ABS mandate kicked in 
for passenger cars and 2-wheelers, there were two step jumps. 
 
We had the ABS introduction in cars and then came ABS introduction in 2-wheelers. And in the 
meanwhile, thanks to the safety norms getting tightened or appreciated by customers, we also 
start to see bigger introduction or heavy shift towards ESP systems. So now the largest part of 
our activity here is ESP systems. And Of course all this always couples with a lot of sensors so 
there is a huge amount of sensors getting introduced whenever there is a system upgrade and so 
more sensors brought in additional revenue and turnover.  
Then we have the new braking systems because EVs started to come in and new braking systems 
are a whole different generation of products and they have also added additional step jump on 
the turnover. What continues steady is the conventional actuation systems which have always 
been there and for products which do not fall under the general categories which are covered by 
legislation, ABS, ESP or other norms, conventional actuation systems still are there and of 
course also for the aftermarket.  
So this is the broad base on which multiple step jumps have happened. Of course there are 
potential growth opportunities with regard to higher penetration of these systems in vehicles as 
we go by. Volume increase of every category will yield more business opportunities. We will 
also potentially see some huge growth opportunities when the 2-wheeler ABS mandate come in 
additional categories so that could be another growth opportunity.  
We also see some new technologies getting introduced on safety and that could be another 
opportunity. So overall we are very positive that multiple new revenue growth opportunities 
exist as we go forward. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thank you sir for the answer. Just on this front for CVs also sir I just want to understand the 
upcoming regulation around the ADAS where the ESC, ABS systems can see implementation 
for more than 5 tonner trucks and buses. I just want to understand how we are placed to take that 
opportunity and how do you see the ability to capture those market share for that product? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes, just want to reassure that we are placed very well and we are working on this opportunity 
as well. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it sir. Thank you for this. Just on the margin side we have seen a notable jump over last two 
years. I just want to understand obviously with the driven by strong growth on revenue. On a 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
sustainable basis do you see the current kind of a margin FY '25 kind of margin should be 
sustainable and maybe even see further increase sir? 
Karin Gilges: 
If you look over the last couple of years and of course the scaling, new legislation, new products, 
additional safety features supported not only the growth in the top line but also the growth in the 
bottom line. In addition, the management of the chassis system did a very good job in the capex 
part.  
That means that we have carefully and cleverly put the capex and the lines in a modular way, 
used idle lines from the international production network within the Bosch Group to set up the 
capacities here in India. So and that leads overall not only to a growth in the top line but also to 
a growth and significant improve in the bottom line. And we see the margins as stable. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thank you so much for this answer. Just on this RBIC is it possible to share broadly how would 
be the revenue mix between the CV, PV, 2-wheeler if possible to share? 
Karin Gilges: 
We can say roughly one-third is 2-wheeler and the other one is 4-wheeler. So this is more or less 
the share in the revenues. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Mayur Parkeria from Wealth 
Managers (India) Pvt Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes you are. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
So sir first actually I had a slightly clarification question and sorry if I got this wrong and if I 
missed this. The issue of shares which we are doing is only 2,460 shares at a total valuation of 
sub INR9 crores. Is it right out of the INR9,000 crores? 
Karin Gilges: 
Yes, out of the INR9,000 crores roughly INR8 crores are in preferential allotment. I would like 
to give you the background. This is majorly a cash deal. Nevertheless, in the private group we 
have a philosophy. The former shareholders of the company Robert Bosch Netherlands and 
Robert Bosch US should still have a little bit skin in the game.  
And therefore because they were long-term shareholders of the company and supported them of 
course and therefore to make sure that there is a skin in the game also within the Bosch Group 
we went this way to have a very small preferential allotment for both of the companies in Bosch 
Limited. This is the background. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Right. So I just wanted to clarify because the issue of shares was only INR8.8 crores and I just 
wanted to clarify that. So it's majorly a cash deal. Sir secondly so before I actually wanted to 
comment congratulations on consummating this. We had been had some, I mean the 
management had mentioned that we were looking at other options for increasing value from the 
perspective of shareholders and how we can get more and more companies under the Indian 
entity? 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
So congratulations after a long time and valuation is also accretive so thank you for this. 
However I have a slightly different question from I am referring to the 1st April 2026 intimation 
to the stock exchanges which is where we mentioned under the caption about the issuance of 
equity shares on preferential basis.  
That was the -- and the board meeting on 8th of April referring to the board meeting to be held 
on 8th April and to consider a couple of matters one of which is a proposal for issuance of equity 
shares by the company by way of preferential issue. I am referring to that intimation which was 
given to the stock exchanges. I am sure I must have missed if any other there was no other 
intimation with respect to this transaction or organization which we had right? 
Management: 
I'll let Company Secretary respond to this. It's a little bit of a technical question so he is best 
expert. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
I will tell you the reason before the Company Secretary answer this. I will tell you the reason. I 
am coming to this. Firstly, the equity share issuance is the nature of the reference given in the 
intimation. Out of INR9,000 crores we are issuing only INR8.8 crores of equity shares by way 
of preferential issue firstly. 
Secondly, there is no mention whatsoever of any indication about such a large capital in terms 
of the acquisition proposal which is there. I understand because of confidentiality, but to mention 
the intimation as issuance of equity share at a proportion of some INR9 crores versus INR9,000 
crores firstly. 
Secondly this was an issuance of equity shares to the promoter company and that is also other 
than by way of cash because it is against the exchange of their shareholding. There was no 
mention of any of these aspects into the intimation which would have given us an understanding 
that there is something on the cards. It was simply issuance of equity share. 
I am sure there would be other explanation and if I missed any please clarify on side because it 
is a 20% acquisition to the revenue models and there was absolutely zero understanding of 
whatsoever came in a manner and especially the intimation -- reading in the light of intimation 
which we had given? 
Management: 
Hello, can you hear us? We had a technical issue. One moment. The Bosch Company Secretary 
will answer the question. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Hello. 
Management: 
Yes the announcement relates to preferential issue only. We cannot give all the information 
before the board meeting about the number of shares all these things. It is an UPSI matter for us. 
So that is why a broader agenda item has been given. And relating to the other agenda item it is 
an UPSI matter which is not mandatory to be informed. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt sir your voice is not audible. Sir if you are speaking right now we are unable 
to hear you. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Management: 
Hello. Sorry we again got disconnected. We are back. Maybe our Company Secretary will repeat 
the answer so that it's clear to everybody. Go ahead.  
Management: 
You can able to hear us now? 
Moderator: 
Yes you are audible sir. 
Management: 
See as per the regulations we had given a broader agenda item to the stock exchange because 
these are all subject to the board approval. So that is why we have not mentioned all the details 
in our communication. Especially relating to the first agenda item since it is an UPSI matter it 
was not mandatory at all to be informed to the stock exchange. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
But sir sorry just clarification even equity issuance of equity shares we could have at least given 
the understanding that it is other than by issue of cash and it is to the promoters. Even that would 
not have fallen under the disclosure requirements? 
Management: 
That's what I told you. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Because this is a preferential issue to the promoters.  
Management: 
not mentioned. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Fine sir. I hope this falls under the right governance practice.  
Management: 
No thanks for the hint we all the time try to improve our governance. Thanks for the hint and we 
will pick it up. Thank you. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Aniket Mhatre from Motilal Oswal 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity. A few questions. One was you indicated to us that there 
were step jumps in terms of growth drivers for Bosch Chassis Systems the acquired entity. Could 
you help us understand what are the kind of growth drivers that we envisage going forward from 
here in terms of regulatory changes that will come up? I mean if you could help us understand 
which are the upcoming regulation changes that this company will play a critical role in the next 
say three to four years that will help us understand what kind of growth we can expect this 
company to deliver? That would be my first question. 
Management: 
So I would say that there were several step jumps like I explained earlier which have brought us 
to a very good level in terms of regulatory changes and legislation. What will further propel 
growth for this sector is increased volumes, increased demand for safety norms and safety 
systems in vehicles and of course potential opportunity with 2-wheeler ABS expansion into new 
categories.  
Of course, CV is an area where we see some opportunities so that's another area to look forward 
to. So these would be the broad areas in addition to continued growth in safety systems across 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
all categories and of course volume increases. EV as I said is another opportunity where new 
braking systems get used and that would also propel further growth. 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Sure. Sir any update you would have on this ABS mandate on 2-wheelers that was supposed to 
come for up to 125 cc 2-wheelers? 
Management: 
No I don't have any new update that I can share with you right now. I believe the matter is under 
consideration and discussion. So whenever there is an update if we hear it we will certainly 
update you. 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Sure. Sir the next question was on this JV with Tata Autocomp that you have tied up. Could you 
help us elaborate on the scope of this JV and whatever you could share I mean in terms of how 
what is it beyond e-axle motors as well and how it will shape up between the two partners 
whatever details you could share with us? 
Management: 
We believe the JV is a very good step towards consolidation of volumes and of course also a lot 
of synergies between the two companies. Tata Autocomp comes with a great track record in this 
area. They've already been producing e-axles and they've also developed a very good supply 
chain around it.  
We have a huge amount of technology on e-axles and we feel at this point of time in terms of 
where the market is, how it's evolving, the volumes in the market today we feel a joint venture 
approach to build synergies, consolidate everything and take things forward would be the best 
way towards growth and creating customer value for this upcoming electrification wave. So 
that's how we look at it and that's the reason for the JV. And we hope that as we go forward, we 
will build on this continuously and improve the whole situation. 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Sure. Any sense of how would the revenue and profitability be shared between the partners? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
It's a 50-50 joint venture so we will share. 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Okay sure. And coming back to the question on this RBIC. The margin benefit that we have 
seen right over the last few years. I mean, I was just looking at the historic numbers revenue for 
this company has almost tripled since FY '19 but if I look at the cost excluding raw material 
which is employee cost and other expenses that sort of doubled in the last sort of between FY'19 
to FY'25? 
So just want to understand is this just the operating leverage led benefit that has flown through 
or are there any other benefits also that have accrued to this entity, and hence we have seen a 
very sharp improvement in margins or not a commensurate increase in the other expense line 
items. Some sense around that would help? 
Karin Gilges: 
Sure. I suppose you are referring to the net profit margin and to the improvement in the last 
couple of years. Right? 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Yes ma'am. Not just last couple of years to be honest since FY '19 to FY'25? 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Karin Gilges: 
Okay. So as mentioned before this is multi-dimensional. Of course growth helps all the time. If 
you have profitable growth and new products which also includes more safety features then you 
have an effect out of this as well. The third part is and you mentioned it already is the 
localization. And this is not only the localization of the finished goods which the management 
of this company did in a very good and capex friendly way let's say. 
But it is also secondly on the child parts and on the raw material. So therefore you have a multi-
dimensional and not to forget and if you look in the presentation of for example quality awards 
and the awards which this company won in the last couple of years, then you see a very good 
overall efficiency in the production. 
You see a very good quality level which of course helps you on the cost base as well. Very lean 
structures and this all together helped them in the last couple of years to significantly improve 
not only the top but also the bottom line. 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Sure. Thanks for that. Just one final thing could you help us understand any sense around the 
capex for RBIC say in the foreseeable future? I mean will if you could give any guidance around 
a percentage to revenue perspective or whatever details you could share? 
Karin Gilges: 
Okay. The capex, I mentioned it already there are two aspects. First of all that this company has 
the capability to make a modular -- has a modular approach in their products. That means you 
have a platform and this platform you can use again for different generations. This leads also to 
the fact that you have a modularity in the production and to have a modular setup also in the 
production. 
 
And I just mentioned you have a modular setup of the product itself. And therefore, you could 
partially transfer this also in the modular setup of the capex. In addition, we have the advantage 
within the Bosch Group that we can look into our international production network. And we are 
capable to relocate lines. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, ma'am. Your voice is not audible. 
Karin Gilges: 
Therefore, we have the advantage within the international production network. We stopped with 
the capex. So -- and I said we have a modular product partially because we are coming from one 
platform, which means that we partially can transfer it also into the production to have a modular 
setup also in the production. In addition, within the Bosch Group, we have the possibility if there 
are idle lines somewhere in the international production network, we can also relocate them to 
India, which has two advantages. 
One advantage is that of course it is a second hand line and we have an effect in the -- or as a 
base effect in the capex. And the second advantage is these lines were run already and ramped 
up and we have all the technical KPIs, we know the overall efficiency, we know the maintenance 
schedules. So we are very familiar with these lines which gives us the chance if we relocate them 
to have a very fast ramp up. 
So if you look at the capex overall and you can see it also in the report we have uploaded. And 
then we are for sure at a reasonable percentage of TNS in the capex. And we see this going 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
forward, whenever we have a change in the generation for example in the ESP or the new braking 
systems we are going ahead with the localization, then this is reflected of course in the capex of 
the upcoming years. 
Aniket Mhatre: 
Sure. Understood ma'am. Thank you so much for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Chetan Falke from Trithan Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Chetan Falke: 
Yes hi. Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. My question is for Ms. Karin. You 
just mentioned one third of our revenue is from 2-wheelers and rest is from passenger and 
commercial vehicles. So can you just clarify please if that was for Bosch India or for Bosch 
Chassis? 
Karin Gilges: 
This was for Bosch Chassis Systems. It's an estimation roughly please. 
Chetan Falke: 
Okay got it. And can you please talk about our market share in new braking systems or ABS or 
other key products that we have? 
Karin Gilges: 
Let's say we have in the products. Overall in this company we have a very good market share. 
We are competitive but please understand that we in general do not disclose KPIs on a segmental 
base. But we are well prepared and well placed in the market. 
Chetan Falke: 
Okay. And ma'am, we have a lot of other entities which are in automotive segment as well. Let's 
say for example we have Bosch Rexroth and other entities. So is there any possibility that these 
entities might be clubbed under the group structure eventually going forward? Or what's the 
probability that you see or any potential synergies that you see? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Bosch Rexroth is not an automotive company. It's a more heavy hydraulics and pneumatics 
company. No we do not see synergies of bringing Rexroth into the mobility fold right now. Even 
globally they operate completely independent. 
Chetan Falke: 
Okay. Any other entities that can let's say automotive steering systems or any other products or 
any other things? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
I mean, at this point of time, see the thing is this is a constant look into our portfolio on how we 
should rearrange and make the best for a very strong mobility company in India. That's an 
endeavour. We will continue. We are not ruling out anything at this point of time. 
Chetan Falke: 
Okay. That's it from my end. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Divyansh Gupta from Latent PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Hi. I joined the call a bit late. So a couple of questions. As per September balance sheet we have 
about INR10,000 crores of cash and investments and INR9,000 is being paid to complete this 
transaction which leaves about INR1,000 crores of cash balance. So the first question is does the 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
acquired entity brings any cash to the now consolidated entity? And how should we think about 
funding of any capex going forward by the company? 
Karin Gilges: 
Okay. So I would like to give you the following perspective. Out of the INR9,000 crores it's the 
equity value that means we have the enterprise value plus a certain cash consideration because 
you have of course a basis cash in the company left. So this is first of all, and this is we checked 
also the cash conversion cycle. This is sufficient for this company. 
The INR10,000 crores you seen in our balance sheet is of course at cost. If I look at this our 
funds at market value it is much better. That is the second thing. And the third thing is we are 
even after the deal well equipped with cash and both companies are highly cash generative. So 
Bosch Limited plus the new one have a very positive cash flow of course. So overall we made 
sure that we have afterwards both companies’ debt free and sufficient funds going forward for 
capex and other activities. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it. And what would be the cash flow generated by the acquired entity in H1? 
Karin Gilges: 
The cash we would at this point of time not disclosed. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it. Understood. Thank you. That's it. 
Karin Gilges: 
But one hint please have a look at there is a comprehensive PWC report for the valuation which 
we have uploaded. I don't know whether you had the chance already to have a look. This is really 
comprehensive and very transparent. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ajit from Nirzar Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Ajit: 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. Ma'am what is the current order book in Bosch Chassis? 
Karin Gilges: 
Yes, see the current order book is very full. It's the market leader, very good market share across 
all categories and very good project pipeline for the next four to five years. So we are very 
comfortable with the order book situation. 
Ajit: 
Okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen due to the lack of time we will take that as a last 
question for today. I now hand the conference back to the management for closing comments. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Okay thank you everyone for participating, sharing your perspectives. We believe at Bosch 
Limited this is a great synergy of integrating this company. Adds a very good future proof 
portfolio to Bosch Limited which is quite agnostic to the powertrain choices the industry will 
make moving forward. 
And safety and braking are very critical as we go forward. So this adds a lot of complementarity 
while bringing in significant cash and margin accretion effect right from day one of the 
transaction. So we are very positive that this will do well for Bosch Limited and thank you for 
your interest and good questions today. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
April 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Karin Gilges: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. On behalf of Bosch Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining with us today and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
NOTE: This document is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate 
and may contain misspelling and other inaccuracies. While the transcript has been edited for clarity, the Company takes no 
responsibility for such errors. 
 
