 
 
 
February 21, 2026 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532684 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Symbol: EKC 
NSE Series: EQ 
                                             
Dear Sir(s), 
Sub: Transcript of Earning Group Conference Call pertaining to the 
Financial Results for the quarter and nine months ended December 
31, 2025. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith the transcript of 
the Earning Group Conference Call held on February 17, 2026 for 
discussion on the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2025. The same is also uploaded on the website of the 
Company.  
 
This is for your information and record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Everest Kanto Cylinder Limited 
 
 
 
Vishal Totla 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. 
EVEREST
KANTO
CYLINDER
LIMITED
Manufacturers
of High Pressure
Seamless
Gas Cylinders
Registered Office :
204, Raheja Centre,
Free Press Journal Marg,
214, Nariman Point,
Mumbai -400 021.
CIN L29200MH1978PLC02O434
Tel. : +91 22 4926 8300101
Fax : +91 22 2287 0720
Website : www.everestkanto.com
ISOITS 1694»
BUREAU VERITAS
CemhcatHM
VISHAL 
SURESH 
TOTLA
Digitally signed 
by VISHAL 
SURESH TOTLA 
Date: 2026.02.21 
15:10:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
Everest Kanto Cylinder Limited 
Q3 FY26 Conference Call Transcript 
February 17, 2026 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Earnings Conference Call of 
Everest Kanto Cylinder Limited.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, and 
over to you, Mr. Poojari. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Everest Kanto 
Cylinder's Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today, Mr. 
Puneet Khurana, Managing Director; and Mr. Sanjiv Kapur, Whole Time Director and 
Chief Financial Officer of the company. 
 
We will initiate the call with opening remarks from the management, following which, 
we will have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, I 
would like to state that some statements made in today's call may be forward-looking 
in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the results presentation 
shared with you earlier.  
I will now request Mr. Puneet Khurana to make his opening remarks. 
Puneet Khurana: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining our earnings conference call. I will 
begin by sharing an overview of our performance for the quarter, followed by the Q&A 
session. 
We delivered a strong performance in Q3 FY26, with a notable improvement in 
profitability driven by improved realisations, favourable product mix, and continued 
focus on cost discipline. Consolidated revenues stood at Rs. 365.1 crore. EBITDA 
(EKC
EVEREST KANTO CYLINDER LIMITED
Clean Energy Solution Company

Page 2 of 9 
 
grew 48% YoY to Rs. 59.2 crore, with consolidated margins expanding to 16.2%, an 
improvement of 534 bps. PBT stood at Rs. 53.6 crore, and PAT for the quarter came 
in at Rs. 35.7 crore, reflecting a growth of 98.9% YoY. 
On a standalone basis, revenues for the quarter stood at Rs. 247.0 crore. EBITDA 
margins expanded to 23.1%, compared to 14.9% in the same period last year, 
reflecting strong operating performance during the quarter. Standalone profit after tax 
stood at Rs. 36.0 crore, registering a growth of 57.6% YoY. For the nine-month period 
ended FY26, standalone EBITDA margins stood at 17.3%, and our endeavour 
remains to build upon this performance over time. As margins are influenced by the 
product mix executed in any given quarter, we remain focused on optimising both 
volume and value to drive sustainable and profitable growth. 
Our India operations remained the primary contributor to overall performance, 
supported by steady demand across CNG and industrial applications. In the US, 
performance continues to reflect the order-driven nature of the business, with healthy 
progress on a year-to-date basis supported by a strong order pipeline. To support 
future growth opportunities, we have approved a capex of USD 5.5 million in our 
wholly owned subsidiary, CP Industries, to enhance manufacturing capabilities, with 
a focus on larger diameter and Type 4 cylinders. This investment will strengthen our 
positioning to address emerging clean energy and industrial applications and support 
growing demand across North and South America. Our operations in Dubai remained 
subdued during the quarter; however, we continue to focus on strengthening market 
engagement and improving operating performance in the region over time. 
On the capacity expansion front, we have successfully commenced operations at our 
greenfield Mundra facility, with one production line now operational. The remaining 
two lines are expected to be established over the coming months. We have also 
approved additional capex of Rs. 30 crore to strengthen capabilities and enhance 
operational readiness at the facility.  
In addition, our Egypt facility is progressing steadily and is expected to commence 
operations by May 2026. The facility will focus on addressing domestic demand while 
supporting regional market requirements and will further strengthen our global 
manufacturing footprint. 
Overall, we remain encouraged by the improving demand environment and the 
progress on our strategic initiatives. With new capacities coming online, a strong order 
pipeline, and continued focus on operational efficiency, we believe we are well-

Page 3 of 9 
 
positioned to support future growth while sustaining healthy profitability. 
 
With that, I conclude my opening remarks and request the moderator to open the floor 
for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. First 
question is from the line of Chirag Gothi from NV Alpha Fund Management. Please 
go ahead.  
Chirag Gothi: 
Hello, sir. I have one question. What is leading to margin expansion in India? Second 
about the product mix changes. And what is the mix that you are doing currently? 
Puneet Khurana: 
Our focus is on a little higher end products. We have some products in CV market, 
some products in defense, some products in the semiconductor industry. So that has 
been the product mix and that is why the margins in this quarter have been quite good. 
Chirag Gothi: 
Okay. And how much it is contributing approximately, those kind of products? 
Puneet Khurana: 
I do not have the breakup, but these have contributed to bettering the margin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anubhav Mukherjee from Prescient 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Anubhav Mukherjee: Sir, can you give some more colour on the improving product mix because there is a 
significant margin improvement, what happened to the product mix? Like did we see 
a significant uptick in the cylinders for commercial vehicles or what happened, sir? 
Puneet Khurana: 
There is a mix. There is definitely an offtake, the commercial vehicle business has 
been quite subdued over the last 2 years. There is definitely now the growth of CNG 
infrastructure, definitely, the CV volumes have increased compared to the previous 
quarters. And we think this trend is going to continue. And there is a new segment 
also in semiconductor where we have entered and there also, we have seen some 
good order book coming our way. So this is all contributing to the margin. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: Okay. And sir, will it be possible to share like the contribution of auto cylinders in this 
quarter, like the mix between auto and industry? 
Puneet Khurana: 
No, we do not have that with us. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: And sir, this trend that you are witnessing in like pickup in commercial vehicle 
cylinders, do you find it sustainable? 

Page 4 of 9 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, of course, it is sustainable because it has come after a period where the 
consumers were also trying to gauge the CNG prices because sudden rise in the CNG 
prices also had pushed them back. But now with their getting used to the CNG price, 
even diesel prices are high, petrol prices are high. The consumers are more or less 
now are accepting and of course, the infrastructure of CNG stations have been 
increasing every year. So with more and more availability, ease availability of CNG is 
just putting more vehicles and also the OEMs now have more models that they are 
offering to the customers. 
 
The choice for customers has increased, infrastructure has increased and customer 
acceptability on the fuel pricing has also been there. So all these things are coming 
together. So we feel that this is kind of a good sign and sustainable. It has come after 
some time where the CV market is coming back. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: Yes, sir. It is also driven by somewhat revival in commercial sales that we are 
witnessing. So it is also driven by that? 
Puneet Khurana: 
I do not know about the overall space of CV, but I can only talk about CNG that is 
where we are finding that this business of CNG segment of the CV is growing. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: Got that. And sir, in the domestic market, are we also into like composite cylinder? 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, we are. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: Can you share some more details on that, like what products we are in? Are we in 
type 4? 
Puneet Khurana: 
We are in type 3 composite cylinders. This is a new market and so we are slowly 
making some headway into this market. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: Okay. And are we entering into type 4 as well? 
Puneet Khurana: 
No. Not right now. We have more focus on type 3 right now. In the future, definitely, 
as you know, this composite business grows, we are also learning and evolving, and 
we are making type 4 in the company in the U.S. So definitely something that is there 
for us in the future to plan. And as the market evolves and things become more 
mature, definitely, we will also look into development of type 4 for Indian market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Please go ahead.  

Page 5 of 9 
 
Gunit Singh: 
I would like to understand that are the 16% EBITDA margins sustainable going 
forward. 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, I think they should be.  
Gunit Singh: 
All right. We have done margins of about 24% in the past as well. According to you, 
what are the sustainable sales base margins going forward? And I mean do you 
believe that going forward, 17% would be margin? 
Puneet Khurana: 
15% - 17%, you can consider, with the product mix and everything, I think it should 
be. 
Gunit Singh: 
And what are the capacity utilization across our plants currently? 
Puneet Khurana: 
About 75%. 
Gunit Singh: 
Can you give plant wise utilization? And also the revenue potential from new plants 
and coming capex, where commercialization timeline as well as any potential from 
them as well? 
Puneet Khurana: 
It is more or less the same, but it is difficult to give you the numbers over a call. I will 
keep it a note, and maybe we can work on this and give it to you. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. And do you have any internal targets in terms of top line and bottom line for 
FY27 that you starting with the new facility coming in the current product mix? 
Puneet Khurana: 
I think about 15% - 20% is what we are targeting. We would like to grow at that. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. And maintaining the margins? 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, of course. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Jatin Damania from Svan Investments LLC. Please 
go ahead.  
Jatin Damania: 
Softness on the domestic performance, but if I want to understand in the UAE 
business, from the last couple of quarters, the numbers have been subdued, and we 
are working on the shunting product like averaging the market. When can one actually 
see benefit of the effort that has been put in the UAE? 
Puneet Khurana: 
I think in the coming quarters, we were expecting some businesses to come up in the 

Page 6 of 9 
 
Middle East and in Africa region, but things have just been slow. Hopefully, in the 
coming quarters, we should expect that the business should come up. 
Jatin Damania: 
But do we expect to break even in the UAE business in FY27?  
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, of course. 
Jatin Damania: 
In terms of the contract, I mean, are we looking at to sign up any decent size contract 
with the Middle East or South Africa?  
Puneet Khurana: 
There was always running customers and things like that. It is just a little bit of a 
slowdown that has happened in the last 2-3 quarters. Hopefully, this thing will turn 
around in the new year, and we will be seeing it in the business. 
Jatin Damania: 
At what sort of profitability or what sort of revenue contribution one can expect that 
UAE to be breakeven? 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, I mean whatever they are doing, at least 10% higher would be breakeven. 
Jatin Damania: 
Over 10%, probably we expect that to come into FY27. 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes. 
Jatin Damania: 
Coming on to our U.S. business. Now after a long time, we are probably doing an 
incremental capex of $5.5 million. What sort of visibility do we have in the U.S. 
market? Or is this particular capex backed by any contracts that you are signing up 
with the customer?  
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes. U.S. business, what is happening is that most of the larger vehicles have been 
converted into CNG. We are already working with an OEM who wants us to expand 
capacity. So this capacity expansion is exactly as per the customer contract. We 
expect that about additional Rs. 100 crores should be added to the top line once the 
expansion is complete in FY27-FY28. So this is all backed with customer contracts 
and with Type 4 expansion in the U.S. 
Jatin Damania: 
So then it is right to assume that FY28, there should be Rs. 100 crores incremental 
revenue coming up from the U.S. business with a margin of upward of 20%, given the 
type 4 cylinder? 
Puneet Khurana: 
See, margin in the U.S. have always been very good. 

Page 7 of 9 
 
Jatin Damania: 
And on the Egypt front, now once the capacity comes in month of May or June, will it 
take time for the customer to approve our product. 
Puneet Khurana: 
The customer approval is already there because the same customers were buying 
previously also. Customer approval is not such a big challenge. And most of the 
customers are like fleet owners and Egypt is not so much on like an OEM customer 
where approval processes take a long time. I am probably sure that they have orders 
already in hand. It is just the customers are waiting for the facility to start. 
Jatin Damania: 
Which is expected in the month of May, right? 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes.  
Jatin Damania: 
And what sort of revenue one can expect? 
Puneet Khurana: 
For the first year, I think about Rs. 50 crores - Rs. 60 crores. 
Jatin Damania: 
And margin will be similar to the domestic business, or it will be on the lower end? 
Puneet Khurana: 
First in the beginning, maybe the margins will be a little low, but when it ramps up, 
definitely, the margins will be much better. 
Jatin Damania: 
So that means it is probably if one can look then FY27 could be more of a 
consolidation and FY28, while we can think more benefit coming on from the U.S. 
with a higher margin, Egypt and UAE to contribute profitability. Am I right? 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, correct.  
Jatin Damania: 
And on the India business, other than Mundra, the remaining two lines when are we 
expecting? And what sort of capacity that will increase to? 
Puneet Khurana: 
Maybe by next quarter. 
Jatin Damania: 
Okay. And it will increase our capacity by what percentage? 
Puneet Khurana: 
Around 15%. 
Jatin Damania: 
Around 15%. Sure sir. That is all from my side. I will come back if you have any more 
questions. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of let Reet Jain: from First Water Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead.  

Page 8 of 9 
 
Reet Jain: 
Sir, I wanted to know what is the order book for USA? 
Puneet Khurana: 
Around $75 million. 
Reet Jain: 
Okay. And execution time? 
Puneet Khurana: 
Maybe 2 years. 
Reet Jain: 
Okay. And I wanted to ask about the product mix since we are supplying into defense 
and semiconductor industry, and these two industries are growing in India. Sir, do you 
feel that the product mix would be sustainable going forward? Or there will be up and 
down in the product mix? 
Puneet Khurana: 
See, there will definitely be up and down because defense and all is long term. So 
definitely, some projects will come, and we will have these maybe something special 
but there is good visibility from the customers that there will be good requirement in 
these segments. 
Reet Jain: 
Okay. And also regarding the U.S. capex that you have announced, $5.5 million. So 
I believe that the volatility of the USA revenue will reduce because the incremental 
revenue will be sticky every year. 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes. Definitely, this expansion will give the company a more consistent in revenue 
model. 
Reet Jain: 
Okay. And any update on the GST case, which we had in India? 
Puneet Khurana: 
No update as such. 
Reet Jain: 
But any timeline which you have like when we can hear some update? 
Puneet Khurana: 
No, we are also waiting on this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chhajed, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead.  
Chhajed: 
We have seen that UAE sales has grown up by Rs. 33 crore, UAE plant.  
Puneet Khurana: 
You are talking about quarterly sales?  
Chhajed: 
Yes. Is it Rs. 33 crore is for only supplied to UAE market or is it exported to other 
countries? 

Page 9 of 9 
 
Puneet Khurana: 
Exported to other countries. 
Chhajed: 
I would like to know the Type 3 sales and the percentage value in overall years in 
India? 
Puneet Khurana: 
India is not so significant. It is quite small. 
Chhajed: 
Okay.  
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Puneet Khurana: 
Thank you once again for your interest and support. Should you need any further 
clarification, or would like to know more about the company, please feel free to contact 
our Investor Relations team or CDR India. Thank you. 
Disclaimer: The transcript has been edited for clarity and accuracy. The Company takes no responsibility for 
such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
