February 18, 2026 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East) Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE Symbol: SHADOWFAX 
BSE Limited  
P J Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  
BSE Scrip Code: 544685 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on February 12, 2026. 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the Company’s 
Earnings Conference Call for Q3 FY 2025-26  held on February 12, 2026. 
The above information is also being made available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.shadowfax.in/investor-relations 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
For Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
_________________________________ 
Name: Krishnakanth Venkata Gangavarapu 
Designation: Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A17291 
KRISHNAKANTH 
VENKATA 
GANGAVARAPU
Digitally signed by 
KRISHNAKANTH VENKATA 
GANGAVARAPU 
Date: 2026.02.18 22:32:16 
+05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. ABHISHEK BANSAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. VAIBHAV KHANDELWAL – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER 
MR. PRAVEEN KUMAR KJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRASHAM SHAH – MORGAN STANLEY 

  
                        Shadowfax Technologies Ltd 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
Operator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to Shadowfax Technologies 
Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings Call hosted by Morgan Stanley. This event is not for 
members of the press. If you are a member of the press, please disconnect and 
reach out separately. 
 
For important disclosures, please see the Morgan Stanley disclosure website at 
www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures. Please note that this call and your 
questions will be recorded and may, in certain circumstances, be distributed to 
clients and/or made publicly available. By participating in this event, you consent 
to such recording, distribution and publication. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Prasham Shah from Morgan Stanley. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Prasham Shah:  
Thanks, Dru. I'd like to welcome the Shadowfax management for the first ever 
analyst call post listing. The management today is represented by Mr. Abhishek 
Bansal, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer; Vaibhav Khandelwal, 
Whole-Time Director and Chief Technology Officer; and Mr. Praveen Kumar KJ, 
Chief Financial Officer. Handing it over to Abhishek, who will talk about the Q3 
results. Abhishek, over to you. 
 
Abhishek Bansal:  
Thank you, Prasham. Good evening, everyone. My name is Abhishek. I'm the Co-
Founder and CEO of Shadowfax. It is my privilege here to welcome all of you to 
our first ever earnings call as a publicly listed company. We successfully listed on 
January 28, completing our INR 1,000 crores primary capital raise. This transition 
marks a new dawn of our growth story. Given this is our first ever call, we'll give 
a quick introduction to our business and take you through the quarterly results. 
And post that, we'll move directly into question and answers. 
 
Shadowfax, we started in 2015. We are a new age technology-led third-party 
logistics company, enabling digital commerce penetration in this country. What 
we do is we serve all kinds of industries where delivery is happening to 
customer’s doorstep, be it e-commerce or be it quick commerce, anything and 
everything that is getting delivered to customer’s doorstep is something that we 
deliver and we fulfill. We are category agnostic, platform agnostic, and we are 
also the fastest-growing third-party logistics company in this country. 
 
As you would have heard and seen in our shareholder letter, one of the things 
which has made us succeed over the years has been our entire moat around 
innovation. Over the years, we have built complex high retention services and 
built our leadership into some of those services, be it reverse logistics, be it same-
day delivery or be it new age logistics like hyperlocal. 
 
Today, we are the go-to partner for e-commerce marketplaces, D2C brands, 
horizontal quick commerce companies or the upcoming vertical quick commerce 
companies to create innovative solutions and to continuously raise the bar in 

  
                        Shadowfax Technologies Ltd 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
terms of how last mile logistics or how end customer fulfillment needs to happen. 
Crucially, large portions of our business thrive on doing what we call our value-
added services, which remains our biggest differentiator and also the biggest 
margin protector that we have in the business. 
 
Moving a bit into our quarterly performance. We'll first talk about our revenue 
trajectory. Historically, between FY '23 and FY '25, we were growing at about 
32% CAGR for the last few years. FY '26 has been a landmark year for us. Every 
quarter for the last three quarters, we have been growing at a 65% plus year-on-
year basis. Q3 was no different. We have seen a record 65% growth in terms of 
our revenues year-on-year. 
 
In Q3 alone, we have delivered INR 20.6 crores orders to the end customers 
across hyperlocal and e-commerce logistics, generating INR 1,160 crores of 
revenue. As I said, we have been growing at an exceptional pace, beating our own 
internal expectations for the third quarter in a row. Now if we were to break down 
our business and understand where the growth is coming from, our business can 
be broadly divided into three large levers. The #1 and the most important 
business, which comprised of 75% of our business last quarter is what we call as 
express parcel. 
 
This is typically the e-commerce intercity parcels where you pick it up from a 
seller doorstep or from a warehouse and deliver it to the end consumer. This also 
includes all businesses where we do same-day delivery, reverse logistics, 
exchange as a service and some of the other new age kind of services come in 
this. You would understand that in our sector, over the last three quarters, there's 
been active consolidation that has happened. Due to that, we have rapidly gained 
market share in the short term. 
 
What we believe is that the next four to eight quarters, we will continue gaining 
market share. In the first three quarters, we were growing at north of 60% in this 
business. Q3 alone, we grew 72% year-on-year in terms of revenues in Express 
Parcel as a business. Given what we are hearing from our customers, given the 
kind of services and new customers we are acquiring; gaining market share in 
Express Parcel is going to be paramount strategy for us as a business unit. And we 
believe that our market share expansion will continue for the next six to eight 
quarters. 
 
Moving over from Express Parcel business. Our second major line of business is 
hyperlocal, which typically comprises quick commerce and food delivery. Last 
quarter, this was about 17% of our business in terms of revenues. We grew in the 
last quarter at about 43% year-on-year pace. In hyperlocal, we service all kinds of 
hyperlocal companies, be it food delivery companies, be it quick commerce 

  
                        Shadowfax Technologies Ltd 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
companies, be it the new age vertical quick commerce, which is a very, very 
interesting segment that is coming up in our country. 
 
Typically, in all these customer bases, we provide last mile as a service through 
our platform business. So any of these businesses can basically outsource their 
last mile fulfillment from a seller or from a dark store to the end customer. Just to 
give a view, we are the largest third-party operating in this space in this country. 
If you look at the nine-month figures, hyperlocal year-on-year is growing at about 
66% pace, driven largely through the advent of quick commerce and our working 
relationship with almost every single customer in this space. 
 
The third bucket, which is the smallest bucket in our business is what we call 
OLS, Other Logistics Services. This comprises of a small acquisition we made 
earlier last year. It deals with critical logistics, which is a small part of our 
business today, but a very fast-growing and an interesting bet that we have taken 
towards value-added services. OLS also includes a bunch of experiments that we 
keep on doing with our customers, which typically we do not categorize because 
they're in the early stage in either Express or hyperlocal as a business. 
 
So OLS basically comprises about roughly 8% of our business. Thanks to the 
acquisition that we did, we grew about 65% year-on-year in that. Broadly 
speaking, again, last quarter has been quite interesting for us. And given we all 
went through the festive season, it was a very, very exciting quarter. We saw 
some new peaks, and we continue to grow really, really fast in this ecosystem. 
Now shifting gears from revenue to our margins and our profitability. Just to give 
some context, Shadowfax has been adjusted EBITDA positive consecutively for 
the last 11 quarters. 
 
Q3 was no different. Q3, we saw significant margin expansion in our business, 
where we delivered an adjusted EBITDA of INR 49 crores. This was nearly INR 
18 crores last year same time. Our margin has gone up to 4.3% at an adjusted 
EBITDA level. At an Ind AS EBITDA level, this is about 5.7% margin that we 
delivered in the last quarter. Again, we have gained 170 basis points improvement 
in our EBITDA during a very, very eventful year. 
 
Now as you understand our margins, as you understand our business profitability, 
one needs to be really careful to also note that we are still a very young supply 
chain setup. We are still rapidly investing in pin code coverage. We are still 
investing in a lot of sort centers, that we have not even commissioned yet. So 
typically, when you're working with long-term projects, long-term sort centers, 
which are not commissioned, the rental and the cost start flowing into the P&L 
even before the operations go live. 
 

  
                        Shadowfax Technologies Ltd 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Even today, every single month, we are launching 80 to 100 last mile facilities. 
Every time you launch a facility, a truck as part of our network will go to that 
facility and we will service that network. When you are looking at our 
profitability, our profitability includes the cost of all of this expansion. Another 
important point to note about our profitability is that a business like us has been 
built through enterprise customers, which still continue to give a majority of 
revenue to our businesses. 
 
Now as a business, using our Prime services, using our new age services, as we 
are expanding into D2C brands, we believe some of these smaller customers, 
SMEs, D2C brands is where you have huge pricing benefit coming in. And 
typically, as those customers increase as a percentage of business, there is a 
natural EBITDA improvement that you will see in this. Using all these caveats 
and at the current scale of the business, we have generated an adjusted EBITDA 
of 4.3%. 
 
If you look at our net profit margin, which is PAT, we have delivered a INR 35 
crore PAT in the Q3 of this year, which roughly translates to about 3% PAT 
margin. As an organization, we continue staying extremely frugal, extremely 
efficient. That is the DNA of the organization. That is the culture we follow of 
capital efficiency - of questioning every rupee that we invest in the business as we 
went public, and as we have got capitalized - One thing which will remain 
constant about us is the way we drive efficiency as we continue scaling up. 
 
There is a lot of operating leverage that is still to be unlocked in a business like 
ours. Now before we move on to the Q&A, a quick final comment on the 
operating model that Shadowfax runs. Shadowfax started in 2015. When we 
started, we started as a last mile only business. Over the subsequent few years, we 
built our entire competitive advantage on how we do last mile, and we built the 
largest crowdsourced network in the country in the 3PL ecosystem, which gives 
us a significant cost advantage. 
 
From there, we went backwards and we created the entire network and the 
intercity commerce business that you see today. As part of our strategy, we 
believe in what we call as the right asset strategy. By that, what we mean is we 
continue to invest in assets in the business. And if you go through our 
presentation, there is a lot of details around the kind of Capex that Shadowfax 
invests in. But for everyone in this group who's attending this call, for Shadowfax, 
what matters is to own every element of the supply chain, which is happening 
under the roof. 
 
So be it sort centers, be it last mile facilities, those are the Capex opportunities we 
continue to invest in. Today, Shadowfax leases and operates 4.5 million square 
feet of real estate across our sort centers and across our last mile facilities. We 

  
                        Shadowfax Technologies Ltd 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
continue strengthening our ownership of assets between these facilities because 
that is where you control the customer experience, you control the speed of the 
shipment and you can efficiently deploy your algorithms. 
 
To close this conversation and before we move on to the Q&A, we have seen 
some explosive growth in the first three quarters of this year. As a team, we are 
completely energized as we enter into the public markets. We have gone from a 
lean strategy to where we want to lead now. We are very, very excited for the 
next few years to come as part of our business. Thank you. 
 
Operator: 
 
Our first question today comes from Sachin Dixit from JM Financial. 
 
Sachin Dixit:  
Congratulations on a great set of results and a successful listing. My first question 
is with regards to -- there's been this chatter about a large marketplace getting 
onboarded with you. If there is any update on that and as the orders have started 
manifesting, can you please share any details on this as well as the D2C side, if 
there are any wins? 
 
Abhishek Bansal:  
Thank you, Sachin, for the question. On the large marketplace, which is coming 
in, it's a great question because that one large marketplace was one customer 
which we didn't have in our portfolio. And the reason for everyone's reference 
was because one of their core competitor used to be our strategic investors. Now 
with that competitor partially exiting in the IPO proceeds, the large customer has 
finally got onboarded. The good news is that across both quick commerce as well 
as e-commerce, the integrations are done. 
 
On the e-commerce side, we are in the final phases of testing. On the quick 
commerce side, we have started scaling up the business. And all of that has 
happened over the last couple of months only. In Q3, you won't see any revenue 
benefit in the numbers that we are looking at. It won't have any meaningful 
revenue benefit in that quarter, but we expect subsequent quarters to have revenue 
benefit from that. On your second question around D2C, now that is the most 
important bet as an organization we are taking today. 
 
We have created what we call as Prime delivery services, which is the fastest-
growing vertical today for us as a company. Two years back, our market share in 
D2C was barely anything. Last year, it was in single digits. Today, it's become at 
an early preteen sort of a level. We are constantly onboarding new customers and 
gaining market share. D2C as a segment for us is growing at a triple-digit basis on 
a year-on-year basis. And the same-day delivery model and the next-day delivery 
model that we have cracked is something which is the fastest-growing vertical for 
us as an organization. 
 
Operator: 
 
Our next question comes from Meet Mehta from Prasun Exponentials. 

  
                        Shadowfax Technologies Ltd 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
 
Meet Mehta:  
Congrats on the good set of numbers. So there are two questions that I want to 
ask. One is I want to understand about the seasonality of the business. And also, is 
the Q4 going to be much heavier than Q3? And what's the seasonality over there? 
And second question is about the Bharat Bandh. So will that have a negative 
effect on our business? So yes, that's two questions. 
 
Abhishek Bansal:  
So I think on the seasonality front, if you look at our business today, we definitely 
see a seasonal jump. Last quarter was the festive season that we saw a major jump 
and it happens every year. Typically, the right way to think about e-commerce as 
a business is that, in e-commerce, post season, the subsequent quarter, you end up 
retaining anywhere between 90% to 92% kind of revenue. Hyperlocal and quick 
commerce is something which is actually quite interesting. 
 
Hyperlocal business typically grows for us in Q4. Because of Valentine's Day and 
the entire February as a month, we typically see a sort of a jump versus Q3 in Q4. 
Q3 also in hyperlocal business because of the winter vacation, there is a mild dip 
that you start seeing in the business in the second half of it. Net-net, at a business 
level, we expect anywhere between 90% to 95% of the revenues coming in Q4 
versus Q3. 
 
On your second question on Bharat Bandh. See, typically, these kinds of aspects 
continue happening in our business. India is a complex nation, be it weather, 
demographic, be it some of these labor union issues keep happening over here. 
Our supply chains are fairly resistant to such kinds of localized changes, and that 
is something that has become a business as usual in terms of managing such crisis 
for us. Overall, the business does not have any sort of an impact through some of 
these things. 
 
Operator: 
 
Our next question comes from Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. 
 
Gaurav Rateria:  
Congrats on great numbers. I have a couple of questions. My first question is on 
your comment that you made on your continued confidence on market share 
expansion in the Express Parcel business over the next six to eight quarters. So if 
you could elaborate more on what are the drivers behind that and why you think 
the market share expansion will continue even when the consolidation activity is 
already done in the industry? 
 
My second question is on your philosophy around the capital efficiency in the 
business. At some scale, would it make sense to invest behind your own assets 
and go from lease model to ownership model for vehicles and for other assets in 
order to gain more sort of a return on those investments. 
 

  
                        Shadowfax Technologies Ltd 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
And that basically means that the fixed cost structure of the business will go 
higher and the operating leverage of the model will increase. That's the second 
question. And third question is that we have seen significant increase in Capex 
this year. How should one think about where are we in the investment journey 
from a next two to three year point of view? 
 
Abhishek Bansal:  
Thank you, Gaurav for such detailed questions. I'll try to answer them one by one, 
and some of those might require a bit of a detailed answer as well. Coming over 
to the market share expansion. Our customers, and that is what we continuously 
hear from them, want to diversify. If you look at logistics as a sector, this is not a 
winner-take-all market. Our customers don't like depending on any pin code, in 
any service line on one single large player anywhere. And this is true across large 
customers as well as very, very small customers. 
 
Using this hypothesis, our key market share expansion strategies can be divided 
into three, four areas. Our most important strategy continues to be pin code 
expansion. Today, we are present in about 15,000-odd pin codes. India has about 
19,000 pin codes. We believe we still do not serve about 15% to 16% of the 
customers, and that is an area where we are completely missing out on demand. 
Today, we are continuously investing into pin code expansion capabilities. 
 
As I said earlier, 80 to 100 last-mile facilities, we are launching every single 
month. So we will continue to expand into newer geographies going into every 
single city where the customer is present. Our second large bucket of market 
share expansion is coming from new customer acquisition. As I said, D2C and 
SME remains the largest growing bucket for us. And primarily, it's not like the 
growth over there is going to come from existing customers. 
 
We are heavily investing into basically building large sales teams, expanding our 
sales footprint in about 100-odd cities of this country and ensuring the smallest 
sellers, maybe even those selling on Instagram, getting access to Shadowfax. We 
are also launching some new age products, which will ensure that any seller can 
start placing an order on Shadowfax and have a nationwide access in about 30 
minutes from knowing the name Shadowfax. Acquisition of these new customers 
is going to be a massive, massive driver. 
 
We have built our network through anchor customers. We have achieved a 
stability and profitability through our anchor customers in the last few years. Now 
taking our existing service to new customers is a big market share expansion 
strategy that we are going after. Thankfully, our investment into interesting 
strategies like same-day delivery, prime services is a big, big driver and a catch 
for these new age brands to come and start working with us. The third important 
driver for our market share expansion is entering into newer service lines. 
 

  
                        Shadowfax Technologies Ltd 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
There are broadly two specific service lines that we are looking at to enter and to 
basically scale over the next couple of years. And this is something we have been 
doing for the last three quarters now. One of the most important strategy is about 
getting into volumetric shipments. So we've launched our volumetric supply chain 
about three quarters back. Today, only 20% of our pin codes are servicing 
volumetric. We are at a INR 50 crores sort of ARR in this business today, where 
using our existing set of networks, we have enabled volumetric shipments. 
 
But we have not even scratched the surface over there. In FY '27, we are going to 
launch white goods as a category. So when I say volumetric, typically, we would 
be delivering suitcases, diapers, small furniture, electrical appliances. Delivering 
white goods is something now we are venturing into in the next couple of 
quarters. And large as a unit is a big, big category for us to grow. In this category, 
most of our growth is going to come from existing customers. So we don't even 
need new customers over here. 
 
Our existing customers want to diversify, want to give us this growth. So at a very 
high level, these are the two, three large levers where we have a high confidence 
of market share expansion, and this is something that we have been seeing over 
the last couple of quarters as well.  
 
Taking your second question around capital efficiency. See, we have built our 
entire network by first principle design. We have invested in areas where we 
believe we will have long-term operating leverage. 
 
And that is why you see us disproportionately investing into sort centers and last 
mile facilities. If you think about our gross asset book, more than 80% of our 
gross asset is actually for elements which are under the roof. We believe in a 
country like India, having this kind of infrastructure, having this kind of a 
network design gives you long-term operating leverage. Coming over to, let's say, 
more specifically, what we do not do or what we don't intend to do is - buy trucks 
right now. 
 
Based on whatever first principle analysis we have done, we don't foresee at least 
in our business model that buying trucks is going to help us create better 
operating margins. Having trucks is something that creates a poor ROCE business 
in a case like ours. I mean, India, if you look at it, has an abundance of truck 
supply. Today, till date, we have never faced any crunch in finding truck supply at 
the right cost. 
 
With roads getting developed in a country, with average speed on the highways 
going faster, we view trucking abundance to only grow over a period of time. 
Coming to your third question on Capex intensity or Capex increase. Yes, this 
year, we have seen a higher Capex spend. While in the first nine months, you 

  
                        Shadowfax Technologies Ltd 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
would look at our Capex intensity as 4.5% of our revenues. But on a full year 
basis, it's going to be roughly about 4% odd as a number. Historically, our Capex 
intensity has been around 2% - 2.5%. 
 
This year, because we had to grow so fast, we had to invest in capabilities ahead 
of time, specifically for this year. Again, if a year like this comes again, our 
Capex intensity might go up. But our view is - a business like ours over the next 
couple of years should be rightfully investing 2.8% to 3% over the next two years 
as a percentage of our revenues and gradually come down to anywhere between 
2% to 2.5% in the long term. So that is the broad guidance that we can give as of 
now. I hope it answers the question. 
 
Operator: 
 
Our next question is a follow-up from Sachin Dixit from JM Financial. 
 
Sachin Dixit:  
Sorry, I got cut off. So my second question was on the lost shipment piece, right? 
So we saw that number had spiked probably because we got very rapid volumes 
in the earlier quarters of the year. But this quarter, despite servicing even a higher 
number of volumes, it still dipped from 8.6% last quarter to 6.3% this quarter. So 
if you can provide color around what drove this improvement? And should we be 
assuming this trend to continue in the coming quarters? 
 
Praveen Kumar KJ:  Yes. Sachin, see, historically, our lost shipments have been at around 5%. There 
are two components to this lost shipment that we had explained on our road 
shows as well. Roughly half of it is actually relates to our reverse product where 
we charge a premium for doorstep QC. And if we pick up a wrong product, we 
bear the cost of the shipment. So there is a corresponding revenue to that. There's 
a corresponding premium we collect and there's a cost associated with that. 
 
So it's really wrong to call it as lost shipment, but it's actually the quality check 
cost. The other half of it is actually shipment debits. This happens largely because 
of the damages that happen in the network on the shipments or in some cases, the 
shipments get misrouted and things like that. During the first half of the year, we 
ventured into large category, volumetric category, and because of this, we had 
seen a higher incidence of shipments getting damaged. 
 
But we started working on it as soon as we saw these incidents happening, right, 
from Q1. Q2, of course, the impact was not felt. But in Q3, we saw the results of 
the network changes that we had done to take care of these losses. And hence the 
losses have come down. In fact, 6.3% in our view is also high. We want to 
continue working on it. We continue to tweak our product, deploy multiple things 
in the network so that this cost as a percentage of revenue comes down in future. 
 
Operator: 
Our next question comes from Nilesh Jain from Astute Investment Management 
CBT Limited. 

  
                        Shadowfax Technologies Ltd 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
 
Nilesh Jain:  
Congratulations on listing and for the good results. My first question is I wanted 
to understand on the realization side. You mentioned, obviously, we now want to 
focus more on D2C side and SME clients. So broadly, can you help me 
understand what would be the realization difference catering to the anchor clients 
or enterprise clients versus D2C and SME? 
 
And my second question is on the cost side. How do we plan to bring in more 
efficiency? And if you can talk about strategy in terms of which part of the cost is 
where we are going to drive efficiency? Because for the nine months, if I look at 
the numbers, the EBITDA margin improvement has largely come because of the 
higher realization per order what we have achieved. 
 
And lastly, on the employee addition side, if you can talk about how should we 
look at it going forward this year because it's a higher growth, the employee side - 
there has been some investment. So broadly, if you can speak on these two 
questions. 
 
Praveen Kumar KJ:  Yes. Thanks, Nilesh. So your first question on realization, right. So first half of 
the year, we had our realizations going up because we launched volumetric. But 
in quarter 3, what happened, the percentage of shipments of small parcels went 
up. It's not that we defocused on volumetric. We continue to focus on volumetric 
shipments, but the large part of the festive sales was driven by smaller shipments 
and hence, the mix changed. However, please note that there is no impact on 
profitability because of this. 
 
Now coming to D2C. D2C today is still a very small percentage of our overall 
revenues. We are continuing to focus on it and grow this to further improve our 
market share. Now D2C and SME typically have about 20% to 25% higher yields 
than our regular large horizontal or vertical platforms. So as we gain market share 
in D2Cs and SMEs, our realization should go up. 
 
And in line with that, our margins also should go up. In fact, not only that, as we 
focus and actually improve our market share in volumetric shipments and large 
parcels, our realizations will further grow up over the next few years. That was on 
the first question. Second, on the cost breakup, specific cost breakup like 
employee additions and where are the efficiencies coming from. So if you broadly 
look at it, between quarter-to-quarter, if you go to our Slide 24, you can see a 
nine-month comparison of this year versus last year. 
 
The employee benefit expenses have come down from 9.4% to 8.8%. This 
quarter, while it has gone up, it is also due to specific incentive provisions that we 
have made because of higher performance in quarter 3. That's a onetime cost. But 
the employee cost will continue to kind of remain same as a percentage of 

  
                        Shadowfax Technologies Ltd 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
revenue for the next few quarters as we add teams that will work and build on 
these new categories that we are working on. The way to look at efficiencies, 
there are two, three buckets which will bring us efficiencies. 
 
One, we already answered earlier to a question on lost shipments. We still believe 
that while we have brought down our lost shipments from 8.6% to 6.3%, we look 
at other benchmarks in the industry and, we feel there is still a lot juice left here. 
And as we improve our processes, this cost as a percentage of revenue should 
come down.  
 
Transportation cost is another bucket where classic operating leverage plays out. 
 
Today, the network is largely at a very high level divided into two different 
networks, the national network and the zonal network. National network is better 
utilized than the zonal network, but I think there is a lot of utilization still left to 
be captured in the national network. Zonal network is currently suboptimal as we 
continue to add pin codes, continue to expand our geographical presence. The 
trucks still run very sub optimally. So as densities increase, volumes increase, 
efficiencies will come in from the transportation cost. 
 
But the largest cost line item is partner expense. So, our real differentiator here is 
technology-led gig management. We try and maximize rider earnings per day and 
not per order. So what happens is as densities improve, our routing and clustering 
algorithms optimize them automatically. So the rider ends up earning more, we 
end up paying less per order. 
 
So, it's a win-win situation for both of us. We believe as densities improve, our 
partner expense as a percentage of revenue will come down. As you can see, in 
quarter 3 of FY '25, this was about 54.7% of our revenue. Again, as we have 
grown in the last few quarters at a very high pace, it has come down to about 
52.3% of our revenues in this quarter. 
 
Operator: 
 
Our next question comes from Dhruv Jain from Ambit. 
 
Dhruv Jain:  
So, my first question is on CriticaLog, right? So, if you could just talk a little 
more about it? And how should we think about this offering of yours over the 
next few years? And what are the key challenges that you're trying to solve? So, if 
you could just talk about that a little bit. 
 
Abhishek Bansal:  
Yes. This is Abhishek. I'll take this one. CriticaLog, we acquired in Q4 FY '25. 
The whole thesis of acquisition of CriticaLog was about getting into extremely 
high-value time-sensitive deliveries. CriticaLog is a very interesting asset through 
which we serve more than 500 customers today on a monthly basis, extremely 
small D2C brands and smaller customers. This category has a unique opportunity 

  
                        Shadowfax Technologies Ltd 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
where essentially you can now deliver right from jewellery to very, very 
expensive apparels to electronics. 
 
We believe in India, either the growth and the penetration is coming at the bottom 
of the pyramid through value-driven commerce or completely at the top end of the 
pyramid, which is luxury-driven e-commerce. Acquisition of CriticaLog is giving 
us a head start into offering these luxury clients a pathway to deliver fast to their 
end customers. Now if you look at this segment, this is a massive, massive 
problem which exists in this industry. 
 
If you want to deliver a mobile phone, there will be a few companies to deliver 
that. But if you want to deliver jewellery or, let's say, a gold coin, these are things 
which no supply chain or express parcel company in this country currently is 
doing. We wanted to tap into this gap. This is a massive market that we are 
looking at and something which again comes very well into our value-added 
services sector as a category to serve. 
 
Operator: 
Our next question comes from Saisujith Vanimisetti from Stater. With adjusted 
EBITDA margins improving to 4% to 5% and free cash flow turning positive, 
what EBITDA margin range does management believe is sustainably achievable 
over the next three to five years at higher revenue scale? 
 
Abhishek Bansal:  
That's a good question. Thank you for coming in with this. See, again, as we said 
earlier, we are still a very young network, and we are still investing a lot into 
building capacity, pin code reach and scale. Along with that, we are yet to, again, 
do a lot on the D2C side where the realization and margins are a lot higher. 
 
Looking at express parcel companies globally, having a steady state early teen 
EBITDA margin is a realistic number to keep from a guidance standpoint. Having 
said that, given we will actively be investing over the next two years, one should 
assume for the next two years, our margins will only be going up by about 1% - 
1.2% on a yearly basis. And post FY '28 is when we will see a rapid expansion in 
our margins towards the steady state. 
 
Operator: 
Those are all the questions we have time for today. And so I'll hand the call back 
to Mr. Prasham Shah from Morgan Stanley. 
 
Prasham Shah:  
Thank you. Thank you, Shadowfax management. Any closing comments from 
your side? 
 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Thank you, first of all, for organizing this call. Again, as we think about our 
business, as we look at it, I think there are a lot of great opportunities that we are 
seeing in the sector. While in e-commerce, I think we all know about the great 

  
                        Shadowfax Technologies Ltd 
 
 
February 12, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
story. I think one thing which keeps us really differentiated is our play in 
hyperlocal. 
 
Hyperlocal and quick commerce continue being one of the fastest-growing areas 
of market penetration in this country as well as high-growth areas for us. If you 
think about hyperlocal, be it the Zeptos, the Blinkits or the Instamarts of the 
world, we continue seeing increased traction because each one of them is fighting 
for the right customer experience. It is impossible for any of the large platforms to 
be the best-in-class at every pin code every time of the day. 
 
Having a player like us is enabling them to cut down their shutdowns, reduce their 
delays, which end up creating a great business for us as well as for them. One 
thing interesting we are seeing in India today is also the advent of the new age 
vertical quick commerce, which, again, it's still far away from the public markets, 
but the early traction is that the entire offline market is getting replicated online. 
We are today working and enabling players right from quick baby wear to quick 
apparel, to quick gourmet food. 
 
You name a category; everyone is coming up with replicas of the offline world in 
this quick commerce enablement space. We believe, given our head start, some of 
these aspects will continue to keep us differentiated and continue to power a high-
growth strategy for us as an organization. While we are profitable, we are lean, 
we continue to believe that we will grow through market share expansion, through 
exposure to these fast-growing categories. 
 
We continue to believe that we will have a growth pace of anywhere between 
25% to 30% year-on-year for the next couple of years while continuously 
expanding margins. As an organization, as a team, we are pretty excited by this 
thought. And we look to interact with each one of you as part of our public market 
engagement over the next few years. Really appreciate all of you joining in. 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: 1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
