 
 
 
19th February, 2026 
 
Stock Code: BSE: 500696 
 
       NSE: HINDUNILVR  
 
      ISIN: INE030A01027 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the quarter ended 31st December, 2025 
 
 
This is further to our letter dated 13th February, 2026, whereby the Company had submitted the 
link to the audio/video recording of the Earnings Call held post announcement of Financial Results 
for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with sub-para 15, Para A, Part A of Schedule III of the                        
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed 
the Transcript of the said Earnings Call, for your information and records. 
 
The transcript of the Earnings Call is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.hul.co.in/files/hul-dq25-earnings-call-transcript.pdf.  
 
Please take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
 
Radhika Shah 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A19308 
 
 
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Radhika 
Kartik Shah
Digitally signed by Radhika 
Kartik Shah 
Date: 2026.02.19 18:26:30 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 34 
 
 
 
“December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of  
Hindustan Unilever Limited” 
February 12th, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Speakers: 
Ms. Priya Nair - Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
Mr. Niranjan Gupta - CFO, Executive Director, Finance 
Mr. Yogesh Mulgaonkar - Head of Investor Relations & Head of Finance, 
Personal Care 
 
 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 34 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Hindustan Unilever Limited 
conference call for the results of the quarter ended 31st December 2025. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by 
pressing the star key followed by zero on your touchscreen phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yogesh Mulgaonkar, Head of Investor 
Relations and Head of Finance, Personal Care. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the conference call of 
Hindustan Unilever Limited. This evening, we will be covering the results for the 
quarter ended 31st December 2025. On the call with me is Priya Nair, CEO and 
Managing Director, and Niranjan Gupta, our CFO. We will start with prepared 
remarks from Priya and Niranjan, we expect this to take around 20 minutes, 
leaving us with approximately an hour for the Q&A session. We will look forward 
to end the call at 5:15 pm. 
Before we get started with the presentation, I would like to draw your attention 
to the Safe Harbor statement included in the presentation for good order sake. 
With that, over to you, Priya. 
Priya Nair: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. I will 
begin by outlining the operating context for the quarter, followed by our 
performance highlights and key actions that we executed during this period. 
Subsequently, Niranjan will take you through our in-quarter results and conclude 
with the outlook. 
As we look at the operating environment for the quarter, we are seeing a steady 
improvement in underlying demand. Lower inflation over the last few months, 
especially the meaningful easing in food inflation has supported the stability. 
Consumer confidence, as evidenced by the RBI consumer survey is also seeing a 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 34 
 
consistent improvement signifying a recovery in consumer sentiment and 
willingness to spend. 
Macro policies remain supportive with the RBI implementing its fourth repo rate 
cut over the past year. Following the rollout of GST 2.0 last quarter, prices have 
now stabilised in the market. Both of these developments are expected to 
improve disposable income and boost consumption going forward.  
The input cost landscape has, however, remained volatile; depreciating rupee 
increased cost pressure on imported materials, while commodity trends remain 
divergent. Palm oil, though stable in recency, is inflationary if viewed over a 
longer term. Tea has been deflationary for the season, but plainers showed mild 
inflation this quarter. Crude-linked derivatives like kerosene and benzene have 
been benign to deflationary, but non-feedstock commodities and sulfuric acid 
are inflating, impacting our Home Care portfolio. Given the evolving geopolitical 
dynamics, we will continue to closely monitor currency and commodity 
movements and take calibrated price increases wherever necessary, while 
continuing to drive strong savings delivery to minimise impact to consumers.  
In this backdrop, we delivered an Underlying Sales Growth of 5% driven by an 
Underlying Volume Growth of 4%. This growth was broad-based with all 
categories contributing and it was competitive as we continued to gain turnover 
weighted market share. 
As you are aware, we have completed the demerger of the Ice Cream business 
this quarter. The numbers on this slide reflect performance of the continuing 
business, excluding Ice Cream. EBITDA at Rs. 3,788 crores was up 3% year-on-
year, while EBITDA margin at 23.3% was within the range that we have previously 
guided to. Profit After Tax before exceptional items at Rs. 2,562 crores grew by 
1% year-on-year. 
Reported Profit After Tax for the period at Rs. 6,603 crores grew 121% year-on-
year. This includes several one-off impacts arising from the Ice Cream demerger 
and OZiva fair valuation in the quarter. It also includes the base effect of the 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 34 
 
income from the sale of the water business in December 2024. Niranjan will 
double-click on the financials later in the presentation. 
In our last earnings call, I had outlined the key strategic priorities that will shape 
the organisation's agenda moving forward. We are reshaping the engines of 
growth with one clear goal: competitive volume-led revenue growth, fuelled by 
desire at scale. 
Our 4 priorities reflect this ambition: consumer segmentation with deeper 
precision, crafting brands that are modern and have stronger relevance, future 
proofing our frontline marketing and sales engine and doubling down on fewer, 
bigger bets to accelerate growth. 
I will talk about a few examples from the actions that we have already taken in 
our pursuit to drive this agenda. 
 Let me first take an example on how we are building SASSY brands. The term 
SASSY stands for five pillars that guide our product development, marketing, 
consumer engagement and persuasion models. The new TRESemmé hydramatrix 
range showcases SASSY in action. 
The product category has category-leading science-backed ingredient, 
polyglutamic acid that delivers 5X more hydration. The campaign has been 
brought alive through dynamic visual demonstration and is strengthened by 
celebrity stylist authority. Its contemporary aesthetics shifts beauty from polished 
perfection to authentic achievable glamour while sensorial and immersive 
storytelling make hydration cues come alive. We are building strong credibility 
and cultural relevance through diverse gender-inclusive representation and 
clutter-breaking communication. This is the playbook that will guide all our 
brands going forward, anchored in deep consumer insight, powered by science 
and designed for strong consumer resonance. 
We are investing to build the future moats of our marketing and sales engine, 
while rewiring our current moats. On marketing, we are focusing on social-first 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 34 
 
demand generation while equally ensuring that we continue to leverage 
traditional media more effectively. 
Similarly, on sales, we are investing behind fast-growing channels while ensuring 
we also modernise and step-up execution in general trade. Winning in India will 
always require an “and” strategy rather than an “or” strategy.  
At the forefront of channels of future is quick commerce, the fastest-scaling 
route to market and a structurally critical channel for the future. It is doubling 
every quarter and reshaping how consumers discover, shop and replenish. While 
it contributes around 3% of our business today, we expect it to scale meaningfully 
in the near term. 
To capture fully this opportunity and lead the channel shift, we have established 
a dedicated quick commerce organisation. In this structure, the quick commerce 
lead directly reports into the HUL sales head, enabling faster decisions, sharper 
execution and higher focus on this high-growth channel. In parallel, we are 
elevating category captaincy through deeper customer partnerships, stronger 
joint business planning and consistent relevant activations.  
As quick commerce expands, the operational complexity of serving the channel 
will increase materially. We are deploying our advanced supply chain 
capabilities to build an adaptive operating model for this channel. From 
collaborative forecasting and inventory management to real-time data 
integration we are creating a highly agile, efficient and connected supply chain 
designed for the speed and precision that this channel demands. We are already 
seeing very encouraging outcomes with service levels improving by 1,400 basis 
points over the past year and lead time taken from PO generation to servicing 
reducing by 20%. 
Our ability as HUL to scale brands and formats and develop markets continues to 
be one of our strongest competitive advantages. We are leveraging this strength 
to shape our next engines of growth. 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 34 
 
Masstige and within that D2C is a critical part of our fewer, bigger bets agenda, 
and we are scaling our presence in this segment with speed and intent. We have 
been expanding our presence, both through organic and inorganic routes, 
leveraging HUL scale to accelerate growth by building a strong D2C playbook 
that can be replicated across other brands. 
With Minimalist, we are unlocking the next phase of growth by expanding into 
offline channels and by realising synergies through media effectiveness, 
procurement and manufacturing. OZiva is another such example. The brand has 
scaled up significantly in the last 3 years, supported by a robust science-backed 
innovation portfolio. Between these two brands, we have now built an ARR of Rs. 
1,100 crores business.  
With Kissan, we are extending the master brand into newer demand spaces such 
as chutneys. Based on an internal study, chutneys offer significantly broader 
consumption potential with nearly four times as much consumption occasions as 
ketchups. This represents a significant opportunity to convert scratch cooking 
moments into branded package formats and thereby unlocking a large runway 
for growth.  
Bodywash is a core strategic priority, and we have strong differentiated portfolio 
across Lux, Pears and Dove that addresses multiple consumer needs across price 
points. Our sharp execution and sustained brand investment has helped us triple 
our turnover over the last 3 years and firmly establish leadership in this fast-
growing category.  
In laundry powders, while we have enabled a large cohort of consumers to 
upgrade to premium laundry brands and formats, a significant section of market 
still continues to use mass powders. To accelerate premiumisation here, we have 
intensified our activations with the Rs. 99 Surf excel pack this quarter. With an 
accessible price point and activations that highlights this, we intend to bring more 
first-time users into this premium segment and expand the category. 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 34 
 
Starting January, we have made a few important changes to the HUL 
organisation. The intent is to build a simpler, more agile organization that can 
execute our priorities with greater speed, accountability and precision. All 
Business Unit Heads will now directly report to me instead of the earlier dual-
reporting structure. This will strengthen empowerment, accelerate decision-
making and ensure more India for India choices are taken closer to the consumer. 
There will also be a Chief Marketing Officer appointed under each of the 
Business Units who will pay a pivotal role in building desirable brands and landing 
superior innovation. Aligned with this unified India strategy, Unilever R&D 
organisation has also created an India-focused R&D category design and deploy 
organisation. This strengthens our ability to accelerate science-led consumer-
centric SASSY innovations, build stronger local design and deploy capabilities 
while ensuring India R&D stays fully connected with Unilever R&D to leverage the 
best of global science and technology and global innovations for India. 
I believe these changes will underpin our growth ambitions by improving agility, 
driving sharper execution and strengthening the fundamentals that matter for 
sustained momentum. At the same time, we will continue to maintain an 
important and mutually interdependent relationship with Unilever and will 
benefit fully from Unilever's global science, R&D technology platforms, brand 
trademarks and central services like procurement, manufacturing excellence to 
name a few. 
With that, let me now hand over to Niranjan, who will take you through our in-
quarter results in detail. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Thank you, Priya. Good afternoon, everyone. Let me share a detailed overview 
of our quarterly performance, followed by our outlook.  
We delivered, as you would have seen through our press release, a Revenue 
growth of 6%, which comprises of 5% Underlying Sales Growth and 4% Underlying 
Volume Growth for this quarter. 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 34 
 
Gross Margin remained healthy at 50.8%, which was plus 30 basis points year-on-
year. The improvement in Gross Margin majorly reflects positive portfolio mix 
following the inclusion of Minimalist, which operates at structurally higher margin 
and was not part of the base. 
EBITDA margin of 23.3% remains within our guided range, excluding Ice Cream. 
While absolute A&P increased, at 9.4% of turnover, on a bps basis it was down 30 
bps year-on-year due to phasing. If we look at year-to-date level, our A&P 
remains same as 10% of revenue. We have invested, on an absolute basis, Rs. 185 
crores higher versus last year and coupled with the buying efficiencies we 
continue to get, the impact is even higher, and we continue to remain 
competitive in terms of share of voice with the share of market. 
Overall, EBITDA grew 3% year-on-year, while PAT before exceptional items grew 
by 1%. This reflects the impact of lower net other income due to softer interest 
rates combined with lower investable surplus post recent acquisitions and 
payout of special dividend in November'24. 
We also accounted for a gratuity impact of Rs. 113 crores in the quarter, and this 
was accounted for in the normal items under employee benefit expenses. If you 
were to add that back, then our EBITDA would grow by 5%, and our PAT before 
exceptional items adjusted for that would grow by 4%. 
Let me take a couple of minutes to walk you through the bridge from PAT before 
exceptional items to reported PAT. As I mentioned, PAT bei at Rs. 2,562 crores 
grew 1% year-on-year after factoring the gratuity impact. The reported PAT 
includes the following items:  
Number one is the impact of increase in fair valuation of OZiva and Minimalist 
versus exceptional income from sale of Pureit business in the base. The higher 
fair valuation is a reflection of OZiva and Minimalist’s continued strong 
performance over the last year.  

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 34 
 
And the second item is one-time non-cash gain arising from Ice Cream demerger 
accounted for in accordance with the approved scheme of demerger and 
applicable accounting standards. The detailed amounts on each of these is there 
in the notes to accounts. Consequently, the reported profit after tax for the 
period stood at Rs. 6,603 crores, up 121% year-on-year. 
Moving on to our segment-wise performance for the quarter.  
Home Care posted mid-single-digit UVG on a base of high-single digit UVG. USG 
at 3% reflects the continued impact of price reductions, which were taken 
previously, which would get anniversarised by June quarter.  
The segment fundamentals remain strong, underpinned by superior products, 
robust brand equity and market development actions. As a result, the segment 
has continued to gain market share and has achieved its highest ever market 
share, further strengthening our leadership position.  
Fabric wash within this delivered competitive mid-single digit UVG, while 
Household Care continued its strong momentum delivering double-digit UVG. 
Our Liquids portfolio, spanning laundry liquids, fabric conditioners and dishwash 
liquids, accelerated its growth trajectory recording strong double-digit growth 
driven by market development actions taken by us.  
While UPG for the segment remains negative due to pricing actions taken during 
the year and as you have heard from Priya, we are taking calibrated price 
increases given currency depreciation and sustained inflationary pressure in 
non-feedstock for commodities. 
Moving on, Beauty & Wellbeing delivered 6% USG, driven by outperformance in 
Hair Care and Health & Wellbeing.  
Hair Care delivered double-digit growth, supported by high-single digit UVG. 
The growth was led by outperformance in premium brands such as Dove and 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 34 
 
TRESemmé. We also continued to strengthen our market-leading position during 
the quarter. 
In Skin Care and Colour Cosmetics, winter portfolio continued its strong 
performance led by Vaseline. The winter portfolio delivered double-digit 
growth for the entire season, which includes part of September quarter as well. 
This was offset by a weaker performance in the non-winter portfolio. Driven by 
our focused efforts to deseasonalise the moisturizers category, our light 
moisturising portfolio comprising Ponds and Lakme recorded double-digit 
growth. Our decisive investments in Channels of the Future continues to unlock 
strong double-digit growth this quarter, while we continued to strengthen our 
market shares.  
Health & Wellbeing posted another quarter of robust performance with high 
double-digit growth. On trend, science-backed innovations remain a key growth 
engine for us, enabling differentiated product superiority and greater consumer 
trust.  
Personal Care delivered 6% USG led by double-digit growth in premium Skin 
Cleansing and Oral Care. Skin Cleansing posted mid-single digit growth, driven 
by outperformance in our premium brands, Pears and Dove. We continued to 
reinforce our market leadership with double-digit growth in Bodywash, another 
category where we are accelerating our market development activities.  
Oral Care delivered double-digit growth supported by both price and volume. 
During the quarter, we further expanded our freshness portfolio with Closeup 
intense cool formulated with zinc and cooling beads for an instant burst of long-
lasting freshness.  
Our Deodorants segment has grown in double-digits, albeit on a small base. As 
official sponsors of ICC women's cricket, Rexona continues to champion for and 
elevate female athletes providing a platform to encourage young women to 
participate in sports, break barriers and pursue their potential. 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 34 
 
Moving on to Foods. Foods delivered 6% USG. This performance was broad-
based and driven by high-single digit UVG.  
Within this, Tea delivered mid-single digit UVG. Revenue recorded low single-
digit growth, which reflects the impact of price reductions taken in a deflationary 
commodity environment earlier. Coffee continued its strong momentum of 
double-digit growth, supported by both price and volume. 
Lifestyle Nutrition grew high-single digits, driven by Boost and Horlicks both. As 
market leaders in this segment, we remain committed to our initiatives towards 
increasing consumption. In this quarter, we continued to modernise the Horlicks’ 
brand and strengthen its relevance with consumers through the launch of 
Horlicks Superfoods in two states. Horlicks Superfoods brings together our 
proprietary Nutrimax technology which enhances nutrient absorption and super 
foods that support gut health and immunity. We also introduced a zero-added 
sugar variant with no artificial sweeteners or added sugar, aligned with emerging 
nutrition and wellness trends. Through this re-launch, we are combining the 
trusted taste of Horlicks with advanced science and modern nutrition.  
Packaged Foods delivered high-single digit UVG. The performance was 
supported by Ketchup, Mayonnaise, Soups and Unilever Food services. We 
continued to deliver strong competitive double-digit growth in modern trade 
and e-commerce. 
Coming to portfolio transformation. An update on the transformation agenda.  
With Minimalist our current focus is to unlock the next phase of growth for the 
brand by realising synergies. For instance, we already expanded the brand into 
25,000-plus offline stores from 3,000 since acquisition. We have also seen a 
marked improvement in brand awareness and media effectiveness as we move 
to a full funnel marketing playbook. Lastly, we are also leveraging HUL 
technology to support creation of a robust pipeline of meaningful innovation. As 
a result of these actions, the brand has delivered strong double-digit growth in 
the quarter. 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 34 
 
In line with our strategy of focusing on fewer and bigger bets, the Board of 
Directors has approved the acquisition of remaining 49% stake in OZiva at an 
investment of Rs, 824 crores. The brand has scaled up significantly in the last 3 
years, driven by a steady flywheel of innovation and effective digital first 
demand generation. The Health & Wellbeing segment presents significant 
headroom for growth, and we will strengthen our participation here through 
OZiva. 
Continuing with our intent of sharpening portfolio, we have decided to divest our 
minority stake in Nutritionalab Private Limited, we are selling the stake to USV 
Private Limited for a consideration of Rs. 307 crores.  
We also recently concluded the Ice Cream demerger process in December. With 
a dedicated management team and singular focus, we are confident that KWIL is 
well positioned to capitalise on the growing market opportunity in India and 
deliver sustained performance. The KWIL listing, as you would have seen from 
the BSE notice will be listed on 16th of February.  
We will continue to evaluate and transform our portfolio on an ongoing basis to 
ensure we are focusing and investing disproportionately in high-growth demand 
spaces.  
Now coming to outlook. As you could see from our quarter results, it reflects a 
step-up in growth, and we are moving with speed on our strategic priorities.  
Our growth has also been broad-based as reflected by growing all the segments 
and across our portfolio. Looking ahead, we expect the operating environment 
to remain conducive for a sustained recovery in consumption.  
Coupled by our internal actions which has been outlined by Priya just now, we 
expect growth in financial year'27 to be better than financial year'26.  
Growth will continue to remain our number one priority. We will invest in the 
business as needed to support sustained growth, and hence, we expect 
consolidated EBITDA margin to stay around the guided range.  

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 34 
 
With this, we conclude our prepared remarks, and I will now hand back to you, 
Yogesh, to commence the Q&A session. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Thank you, Priya and Niranjan. With this, we now move to the Q&A. We request 
you to kindly restrict the number of questions to a maximum of 2 at a time. Incase 
you have any further questions, please join the queue again. In addition to the 
audio, our participants have an option to post the questions for the web option 
on your screen. We will take those questions just before we end. With that, I 
would like to hand the call back to Dorwin to manage the next session for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
Our first question is from the line of Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, Priya, Niranjan and Yogesh, Good performance and more importantly good 
commentary. I just want to double-click on the comments, honestly the positive 
comments from HUL after a fairly long period of time. You did allude to the macro 
factors and some internal actions you have taken in the presentation as well? 
Just a couple of points beyond that, if you could just help us understand. One, 
let's say, what's the tonnage growth between UVG? Are you finding early signs 
to, let's say, have a forecast of 2H better than 1H and FY’27 better than FY’26,  
based on your internal green shoots or inferences or analysis?  
Point number two, are there any early signs of elasticity gains which are finding 
in the, let's say, if you can call it discretionary part of your, let's say, stable 
portfolio? 
The reason I'm asking because there are certain parts of the portfolio where the 
replacement cycle is probably 3 months or higher. To that extent, it's just an 
assessment at this point. So, just if you could elaborate more on the optimism, that 
this would be helpful? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes, I can start and then Niranjan will add. I think, firstly, what I 
want to say is that we have outlined two real key areas of the reason why we 
believe we are beginning to see the gradual improvement in our performance. 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 34 
 
The first is the macro conditions, as we mentioned, I think that is very critical as 
well to understand the company of our scale and size that spans across length 
and breadth where we reach 9 out of 10 consumers. The macro conditions indeed 
play a significant role, whether it is the lower inflation, more liquidity in the 
market, overall consumer sentiment change indeed makes a huge difference, 
along with all the reforms that have happened in the country. This plays a big 
role.  
But coupled with that is the actions that we have taken and these are - whether 
it is in the fewer, bigger bets that I called out, the sharper segmentation of our 
portfolio or the double-down in our channel capabilities, continuing strength in 
general trade while improving our strength and our resource allocation towards 
the future channels. This, combined with our continued portfolio transformation 
is indeed the reason we are beginning to see this acceleration. And this is where 
we will keep doubling down on driving volume-led revenue growth.  
Our UVG for the quarter is the highest UVG that we have recorded in the last 12 
quarters. So, this bodes well for us, and this is where we will keep focusing. And 
Niranjan, if you would like to add? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Yes, absolutely, Priya. And on the macro factors, if I just add like what you said, 
even the union budget which is focusing on more investment-led growth and 
focus on manufacturing and employment, even that augurs well moving forward 
over the long term on the consumption part of it. 
Manoj Menon: 
Just a couple of things I was just trying to get was are you finding actually, let's 
say, in categories which are, mass market oriented, are you finding tonnage 
growth also giving you that confidence? And secondly, as we see, early signs 
elasticity gains as well from the price panel? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. Actually, our growth is quite broad-based. So, I think that's the best way to 
see it across our categories, whether it is Home Care, Personal Care, Foods or 
Beauty & Wellbeing, what we feel happy about is the growth is broad-based, 
Manoj. 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 34 
 
Manoj Menon: 
Yes. And the second question is there's a mention about category partnership 
with the q-commerce players and interestingly, all three of them are mentioned 
there. Is there anything more you could tell us quantitative and qualitatively what 
does it mean? The reason I'm asking because one example which comes to your 
mind is probably 20, 30 years back Proctor & Gamble used to have a partnership 
with Walmart, which included a lot of data sharing, which actually helped both 
the parties. What sort of magnitude we could think of this partnership? What does 
it mean for Unilever and also for those players, predominantly for Unilever from 
your side? 
Priya Nair: 
So firstly, what I want to say is we are in an omni-channel environment in India. 
And all our channels are critical to us, especially given the scale of HUL and the 
number of brands we have even in a single category portfolio, it is important that 
we win across channels. And in India, all channels grow. What is true is that the 
new channels grow faster, of course, the quick commerce growth is more at this 
moment of time. And that's the reason why we are doubling down behind that. 
But it's also because, as you mentioned and you alluded to, the capabilities that 
you require for each channels are different, and we are doubling down to build 
the capabilities for each channel. So as regards to quick commerce, what we 
have done is that we have set up a new organisation for quick commerce.  
It is now 3% of our business, growing almost 100% quarter-on-quarter. And we are 
stepping up investments not just in people dedicated to the channel, but also in 
bespoke supply chain, tech and digital marketing capability. Our partnerships, 
like you were saying, Manoj, are really working with these partners because the 
data system exchange that we can now do to enable stronger forecasting and 
really deeper platform exchange that we can have is ensuring that we drive up 
our availability, which in quick commerce is very key to success. 
We are happy to see the early joy because we have seen our 1,400 basis points of 
improvement in availability over this period as we have put these changes into 
play. So, it's absolutely partnership, which is data based but much more than that 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 16 of 34 
 
as well. Maybe I'll just add one thing, sorry, Manoj, it's also the opportunity to 
innovate now for SKUs, brands and really segment our portfolio into the channel. 
So yes, that's what I wanted to add. 
Manoj Menon: 
Loud and clear. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. 
Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on Beauty & Wellbeing. So, I see two different poles of 
performance. So, Hair Care double-digit growth, largely volume-led, while if I see 
Skin Care and Colour Cosmetics, you have called out that ex of the winter 
portfolio, it has been a bit weak. Is there any takeaway from Hair Care, which can 
be taken to Skin Care and Colour Cosmetics? And is the D2C competition much 
higher in Skin Care and Colour Cosmetics, is that the reason? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. I think firstly, let me comment on our Hair Care business. We are distinct 
leaders in Hair Care, Abneesh. We have very strong positions that really straddle 
the pyramid right from now Nexxus at the top of the pyramid, which we have 
brought in recently from our Unilever stable, Dove, TRESemmé to Clinic Plus at 
the bottom. And really, we have been driving premiumisation over time, 
developed the market. We are the leaders in conditioners. That's really our 
playbook of success. And our playbook is well written and continues to play out 
for us in Hair Care.  
In Skin Care, we have actually had a story of two halves, as we mentioned. Our 
winter portfolio we have had over the season, a very strong double-digit 
performance. Our summer portfolio has been relatively challenged. It's been a 
very harsh winter. And whether it's talcum powder, sunscreens or our mass skin 
brightening portfolio, this has been relatively challenged in the quarter. 
We believe this will bounce back as the season comes. And really now we have 
a portfolio even in Skin Care which spans from Minimalist and Simple at the top 
of the pyramid to Vaseline, Lakme, Ponds in the middle to Glow and Lovely at the 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 17 of 34 
 
bottom. So, we now feel like we have the portfolio of brand. And we have built 
also the segments in which we play from moisturisers, mass skin brightening, 
sunscreens, serums, we now have the entire play of segments and demand 
spaces across Skin Care as well. 
And that's what we will double-down, very simply, what is being built at the top 
end of India amongst the top 80 million to 100 million consumers with the Skin 
Care market segmenting, our opportunity will be to democratize this at scale, 
and this will be our focus going forward. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My second question is on the overall strategy. Two parts to that. One is you 
called out fewer, bigger bets multiple times. So, wanted to understand any more 
portfolio rationalization? Is it under consideration? And what was the thought 
process when HUL had acquired, say, three years back Nutritionalab and within 
three years, what changed? 
Was growth a challenge because it was such a small acquisition, you could have 
continued to hold it on and then see, why within three years because in three 
years, we never see HUL do this kind of a change? 
And second, on your question on your new step of direct reporting of category 
heads, any other big global market of Unilever, has it seen similar change? And 
when and how do you see this impacting growth for HUL in India? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So, Abneesh, what I'll do, I'll pick up the portfolio part of it and organization part, 
I will let Priya answer. So, on the portfolio, Abneesh, what the theme of 
sharpening portfolio, rotating it continuously, that will continue because this is a 
dynamic world. And therefore, what we do is you put money on bets and then 
you see which one you need to double-down. 
Actually, I would say that we are being swifter in our actions and more decisive 
in terms of moving forward. So like OZiva, as you heard, has done exceedingly 
well. We had put money in both OZiva and WBN at that point in time. We saw 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 18 of 34 
 
OZiva, we had acquired 51%. So, we decided now to double-down on OZiva and 
put the money there and move decisively with that. 
Now it doesn't mean that we will not do any bolt-on acquisition in this category, 
we will do. But we will continue to rotate the portfolio and we will be decisive 
and swift in our actions that we do. This is a minority stake, and therefore, we 
decided to divest. So, nothing to do with the performance of the WBN as such. 
Priya Nair: 
As regards to the organization, I think our focus firstly is to simplify the 
organization and create speed and agility for the organization. And that's really 
our focus. We had a dual reporting structure. What we have moved to is a 
simplified reporting structure.  
And we continue to benefit from all the advantages we have as a global 
corporation whether it is in technology, R&D, the brands, trademarks that we 
enjoy as a global corporation with a simplified speed of decision-making and 
agility, and that's really our focus. Of course, HUL is a listed entity, and we have 
always had with HUL, the CEO of HUL taking decisions, we have just simplified the 
organization for speed and decision making. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks. That’s all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Arnab Mitra: 
I had a couple of questions. My first question was, you mentioned in your outlook, 
you expect a better FY'27 compared to FY'26. Should we expect this to be a 
consistent improvement trend starting from what we delivered in December 
quarter? Or there could be ups and downs in the path? 
Why I ask this question specifically is we are not sure if there was any restocking 
benefit in this quarter, also the base was quite low for this quarter. So just trying 
to understand how we should think about a consistent improvement from here 
on. 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 34 
 
Priya Nair: 
So firstly, Arnab, the way you should think about the guidance we have given is 
second half of '26 will be better than the first half '26 and '27 will be better than 
'26. So that's the guidance that we are providing. When it comes to this quarter 
the way you should think about this quarter, October, we continue and we had 
guided you in the previous quarter, that we continue to see some transitionary 
effects of GST, we have seen the restocking into November. But the way to look 
at it overall in this quarter, we should see this quarter as normal as regards to GST, 
and that's really our guidance. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My second question was on Home Care. So, if you look at the Home Care 
numbers now for a pretty extended period of time, USG has been below UVG. 
Now you did mention pricing as a lever as commodities have gone up a bit. But is 
that pricing being negative for an extended period of time, largely that? Or is it a 
lot to do with also competition and in that context, the shift towards liquids, is it a 
headwind or a tailwind for pricing given that it's a more premium format, and we 
are seeing a sharp shift? So again, if you could help us understand the moving 
parts on pricing and therefore, can that move positive going head? 
Priya Nair: 
I think firstly, on our Home Care performance, the first thing I want to mention is 
that we are at the highest ever recorded market share of Home Care as we stand 
in this quarter. So, for us, that's been a good milestone.  
We continue to have good mid-single-digit UVG. The pricing has been benign, 
and that is a bit linked to commodities, and a bit linked to competitive pressure. 
We are seeing some non-feedstock commodities now inflate, and we mentioned 
that, and we have already begun to price in Home Care, and we will continue, 
albeit low-single digit pricing, but we will continue to price in Home Care 
gradually, staying competitive.  
As regards our overall liquid strategy, liquid firstly is at a price premium to 
powder. This augurs well for us. We are the leaders of liquids. Our biggest focus 
is on market developing liquids to scale. Still only in India, 7% of the market is 
liquid. There's a huge headroom to grow. And this is our focus to really grow 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 20 of 34 
 
liquids substantially and market develop the liquids category as the leader of 
Home Care, there is still also significant headroom in powders. There's still a very 
large tonnage of mass powders in the country and continuing to premiumie the 
powder category is a key focus for us as well.  
The other thing I think worth mentioning is that we will begin to anniversarize 
going into next quarter, competitive pricing decisions we had to take, and that 
augurs well for pricing growth coming into next quarter for Home Care. 
Arnab Mitra: 
 
Thanks so much for your detailed answer. That’s it from my side. All the best 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan. 
Please go ahead. 
Latika Chopra: 
My first question was on pricing itself, but at an aggregate portfolio. You just 
mentioned Home Care could see some bit of pricing coming back. But when you 
look at the rest of your portfolio, if you could share colour on how we expect 
pricing to play out in the coming quarters given some of the other commodities 
are relatively benign? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So if you look at the commodities, you have a divergent trend, you heard all the 
crude base, crude sequentially is up. You can see that non-feedstock on the 
crude, they have gone up. We also see Palm, which is stable to inflationary, tea 
which was deflationary is also showing signs of the plainers moving up.  
So, while we don't see hyperinflation, but we do see a stable to an inflationary 
kind of stuff coming back. And therefore, while I would not guide for a quarter, 
but overall, for the year, if you look at it, we do expect a low single-digit price 
increases over the year. 
Latika Chopra: 
Understood. The second question I had was on specific segments. The first one 
was Personal Care, where you saw mid-single digit growth of Skin Cleansing. Just 
wanted to understand the way the quarter progressed, do you expect that the 
volume growth has potential to accelerate here sequentially as some of the GST 
rate cut benefits start to flow fully from Q4 onwards? And if you could also 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 21 of 34 
 
comment on competitive dynamics and market share trends for key brands in 
this portfolio? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So, if you look at it, Skin Cleansing, firstly, within Skin Cleansing, our premium 
brands have been growing very well, double-digits. So, we have Dove, we have 
Pears and therefore, that augurs very well for the mix of the portfolio. And as far 
as the GST-led benefits are concerned, see, the GST-led benefits will pan out 
over a long period of time. Not just on Skin Cleansing, but across the GST 
portfolio, which happened because overall, it leads to an increase in the 
consumer confidence, consumer sentiment and over a long term, consumption 
increases do happen. So, you will see a long-term benefit coming out and not a 
short-term price based on GST. 
Latika Chopra: 
Yes. I'm just trying to understand whether the re-stocking benefits are still to 
show up in the numbers. Or they were already there in November and 
December? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So, the December quarter, you can assume that all the benefits have come in. And 
also, because it came in November itself, it can be treated as a normal quarter of 
growth as a platform for future. 
Latika Chopra: 
All right. And just lastly, sorry to include, but on Nutrition, Horlicks saw high-single 
digit growth. I just wanted to understand how sustainable this is and the 
confidence on growth revival here. And if you could share some of the key 
interventions which seem to be working for you? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. So, Latika, this is firstly our third consecutive quarter of positive UVG on our 
Lifestyle Nutrition business. So, we see that there is much more work ahead, but 
we are in the right direction and trend. Overall Boost, which is 20% of our business 
has been growing strong double-digit.  
Horlicks has done very well this quarter, and we are both in terms of correcting 
our price pack architecture, which was challenge for us. We have also 
relaunched Horlicks in two states with Horlicks Superfoods and the proposition 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 22 of 34 
 
really has a technology, which is the new NutriMax technology that allows for 
much better nutrient absorption. And we have also launched a Horlicks no-
added-sugar variant which uses a technology to enhance taste without the 
addition of sugar or artificial sweeteners. 
So, with this, we are going to roll this out across the country. It's currently gone 
into two states, and this is an area we will keep doubling down. We have also 
launched Horlicks into in the ready-to-drink format. And we really will extend in 
this manner, the Horlicks nutrition brand into whatever is relevant for consumers. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Mihir P Shah from Nomura. 
Mihir P Shah: 
Just a few clarifications. First, post the divestment of the ice cream business, what 
can be considered as the margin guidance range? It used to be 22% to 23%. So, 
should one expect it to inch up further or are you holding on to that range still? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So, our guided range has been that 22% to 23%. We also outlined that the range, 
therefore, you will see a benefit of the ice cream demerger to the extent of 50 
basis points. So basically, we remain with this guidance that we have provided. 
Mihir P Shah: 
Sorry, so it should be 22.5% to 23.5%, is that how much should be understood? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Well, that's the implied number. 
Mihir P Shah: 
Understood. Secondly, just wanted to understand the new launch that you 
highlighted in the dets business on 99 on easy wash pack. What is the grammage 
here? Is there any price change that we are noticing in this pack? 
Priya Nair: 
No. I think the focus of this pack is really to bring the put down price close to the 
put down price of mass powders with a focus on a monthly consumption pack. 
So really, that's the focus. It's a new price point at which we have launched an 
easy wash pack, and that's really the focus of this particular packaging. 
Mihir P Shah: 
Understood. Got it. Secondly, just wanted to understand while December quarter 
is a normalized quarter post the October and the November-December de-

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 23 of 34 
 
stocking-re-stocking impact, should one consider in the near term similar growth 
on volume front to continue or there can be a case for volumes to go down 
because there is just about a re-stocking that has happened in November and 
December? So maybe there can be some softness in the coming quarters? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes, we have guided clearly that we see second half to be better than the first 
half of '26, and we believe '27 will be better than '26, and we'll maintain this 
guidance. 
Mihir P Shah: 
Got it. And lastly, just wanted to understand if you can help us break down the 
algo for the double-digit earnings growth that highlighted earlier? Because low 
single-digit pricing growth, volumes probably where we are and you are holding 
on to your margin guidance, which is not shifting. So how can one triangulate to 
the double-digit earnings growth guidance in the coming year? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
I think let me just reiterate what we have said is, first of all, growth will continue 
to remain our Number 1 priority. And we will continue to invest whatever it takes 
to ensure that volume-led growth happens and competitive growth happens. 
And as far as our margins are concerned, we will stay within the current 
guidance. And overall, our guidance for the top line is for fiscal year '27 to be 
better than fiscal year '26. So as of now, this is what our guided framework is. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA. 
Aditya Soman: 
So, a question on Skin Care. And I think you briefly sort of responded to this 
earlier. But when I look at your growth on Skin Care and Cosmetics, let's say, 
relative to a platform such as Nykaa, we find that the growth is meaningfully 
lower than the brand and even some of the private brands that they have. Now 
is this something largely a function of mass Skin Care growing slower or is there 
anything more or context in which we should understand these numbers? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. I think it's very important when you look at our Skin Care business, look at the 
scale and size and the depth of the portfolio that we have that spans across the 
country. We are the largest Skin Care business in the country, spanning from right 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 24 of 34 
 
at the top of the pyramid right up to the mass rural consumer with brands that 
we have. I won't comment on what other people's growths are. 
What I want to say is that what our focus is. So, our focus, as I mentioned, and I will 
repeat, is we now have a portfolio that spans from the D2C brands like Minimalist 
at the top, we are building Simple, which is our Unilever brand. We always have 
the optionality of bringing other Unilever brands into our portfolio. We have 
Lakme, Ponds, Vaseline that play in the middle to the top of the pyramid, and we 
have Glow & Lovely that plays right up to the bottom of the pyramid. 
We will keep democratizing new formats and benefits across the length and 
breadth of India. This, as a market leader, is our key focus and continue to play 
with the changing aspirations, as consumer aspiration change will continue to 
play in each of the segments and demand segments in the country. So that's 
really our focus in Skin Care. 
Aditya Soman: 
No, I understand. And I think the context for my question was actually more from 
a perspective, are you seeing a difference at price points in terms of the growth? 
I mean would it be fair to say that growth at lower price points or at the more 
mass price points is lower than the premium ones or there isn't that much of a 
difference? 
Priya Nair: 
I think the growth across channels tend to be different because of the size of the 
channels. I don't want to comment on price points, but it is absolutely correct that 
you will see Channels of the Future growing faster than the core channels and 
consumers across the pyramid. It really depends on which geography, which 
segment, so that would not be correct for me to guide to. 
Aditya Soman: 
Understand. No, that's very clear. And then secondly, on Home Care. So, one of 
the things you indicated was obviously, we are seeing sort of an entry level Surf 
excel product also come in at a more affordable price point. But between liquids 
and powders are we consistently seeing liquids for the same brand being priced 
the same or lower if you were to calculate it on a price per use basis? So, some 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 25 of 34 
 
of the work that I did suggested that let's say, for Surf excel like-for-like front load 
or a top load machine wash, the price per use on liquid now is lower than powder. 
Priya Nair: 
No, the price per use of liquids on average is higher than the price per use of 
powders. It also depends on the consumption. I think what you are not taking into 
account is how consumers consume products. The consumption at a minute you 
move into machine wash is totally different from a bucket wash. The minute you 
move to liquids is totally different from powders. So, I don't want to get into a 
complex math equation on what it is. But what I want to suffice to say is that the 
price per use of liquids is higher than the price per use of powders. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Percy from IIFL. 
Percy: 
I just wanted to check on the pipeline, both on, not just distributor level, but even 
retailer level. As of December end, would it have normalized in the sense that 
would it be at the same level as it was in August end? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Yes, we can safely assume that. 
Percy: 
Understood. And given that October was a bad month for you, but you still did 
organic growth, excluding Minimalist of like 5% for the quarter, which would 
mean that November, December is at a higher rate. So, should we expect that 
higher rate of November, December, that kind of run rate to continue for the next 
few months? Would that be the right way to sort of analyse it? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
I think the right way will be to take our overall December quarter numbers as the 
normalized numbers for the foundation to be taken as a platform, moving 
forward. 
Priya Nair: 
And just clarifying maybe because we saw down-stocking in October month, we 
saw a re-stocking in November from trade. So therefore, we are seeing that it's a 
normalized quarter because there is the effect of the down-stock, but there's 
also an effect of the re-stock and therefore, is a balance between the two, we're 
saying, treat the quarter as normal. 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 26 of 34 
 
Percy: 
Just help me understand what is really hindering growth? Because we are at, let's 
say, 3%, 4% volume growth, 5% value growth, per capita consumption and 
incomes in India are much lower compared to developed countries. And if this is 
the growth that we are seeing, not now, but since a very long time, what really is 
the missing piece for us to, in terms of understanding to be bullish on FMCG 
consumption in India? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. Firstly, I want to say we have delivered our highest ever UVG in the last 12 
quarters. And I just want to emphasize that with 6% revenue growth. So that's the 
first thing I want to emphasize. We are seeing macros overall in the country 
improving and a company that is as deep and wide as we are in the country, that 
plays a key role. And we are definitely seeing, as we mentioned, an improvement 
in macros, whether it is in terms of consumer sentiment or indeed, in all the 
measures that have been taken. 
That combined with the steps that we have taken have resulted in this 
performance for the quarter. And we continue to share the outlook that we had, 
which is that second half of '26 will be better than first half of '26 and FY'27 will 
be better than FY'26. 
Percy: 
Would it be a stretch for us to expect double-digit top line growth from HUL? And 
if so, I mean, if that has to happen, what really has to happen? Does the macro 
have to sort of improve significantly more than what we are expecting it to? Or 
do you think that it is within the realm of possibility with a gentle improvement in 
macro plus the steps that you are putting in place to sort of boost the growth at 
your end? This is something that we can sort of at least have within the scope of 
imagination. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
As of now, what we can say is that A, the external or macro or the operating 
environment on economy as well as the consumption scenario is on the 
improving trend. Equally, our own actions have started to play out based on our 
strategic priorities. Based on all of that, as of now, what we are guiding is fiscal 
year'27 to be better than fiscal year'26. 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 27 of 34 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Harit Kapoor Kapur from Investec. 
Harit Kapoor: 
So, my first question was on margins. I just wanted to understand why we are still 
fairly focused on that 12.5 to 13.5 range -- implied range. This quarter, we've done 
13.7 if you adjust the Labor Code, close to 14 in your calculations. Also, you have a 
situation where there's modest inflation. Historically, HUL or large FMCGs have 
done well from a profitability standpoint in modest inflation because that's when 
kind of pricing power kicks in. And hopefully, there is more operating leverage 
in revenue. So what am I missing? Is it that reinvestment rates will sharply go up 
as we focus on growth? Just wanted to understand your thought process here? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
As we have outlined already that top line growth will remain our number 1 
priority. And within that, our strategy is volume-led growth. So that's why we have 
prioritized growth over margins, and therefore, margins we have said will remain 
within the guided range. I would say margin is best to look at EBITDA margin, not 
to look at our margin, which is a PAT margin because the rest is a derived number. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes, I was talking about EBITDA margin only, 13.7 is your number after the Labor 
Code adjustment. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
EBITDA margin, sorry, if I may correct. Our EBITDA margin is 23.3%, which is 24% 
after charging the Labor Code impact of Rs. 113 crores. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Correct. What I was trying to -- sorry, what I was trying to say was if I adjust -- if I 
ex the Labor Code impact, we are already in high 23s this quarter and almost 24 
this quarter. So, the question was, with all these factors, couldn't we land at a 
higher number, but I got your point? 
The second one was on the ad spend bit. So, if you look at the standalone entity, 
you have seen a little bit of a dip on the absolute ad spend number. Is there 
something in this quarter that we have spent slightly lower on the cohort which 
will adjust going forward, the ad spend number will increase? How should we 
kind of look at that? 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 28 of 34 
 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So first of all, we should look at all our numbers on a consolidated basis. Now if 
you look at a consolidated basis, you are right, as far as quarter A&P is concerned, 
that looks to be 30 basis points lower. Although on an absolute basis, it's not gone 
down. 
Having said that, the best way to look at A&P is to look at a longer period horizon 
because quarter-to-quarter, the activity, launch phasing, all those keep 
happening. When you look at the 9-month of this fiscal, our A&P to percentage 
revenue is 10%, which is same as the previous year. In fact, on an absolute basis, 
our A&P has gone up by Rs. 200 crores approximately.  
And plus, if you combine that we are buying efficiencies, that means that in 
effective terms, it's gone up even more than Rs. 200 crores. As we move forward, 
obviously, we will continue to invest behind brand and therefore, there would 
be that step up whatever is required to happen behind A&P, or any other brand 
investment will happen. 
Harit Kapoor: 
My minimum point was here was that it seems like the A&P increase is all driven 
by the D2C portfolio, the 2 new brands is what it seems like in your numbers. And 
just the last question was on the liquids and detergent piece. Just wanted to 
understand, Home Care margins are at peak levels -- I mean, are at the highest 
levels ever that you've seen.  
If you could just give us a sense of how that defers between liquids market share 
and detergent market share? Any sense on that because competitive intensity is 
higher across, but more so in liquids. So, any colour on that would be helpful. 
That's my last question. 
Priya Nair: 
Yes, I'll just begin on the liquids and then Niranjan can take over. We are leaders 
in liquids, powders and in bars and our focus is on growing the market towards 
these premium formats. And so, therefore, we are well placed across formats. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Yes, absolutely. And in terms of looking at the margins, yes, we are at a 
reasonably healthy margins. I wouldn't say something which is over the top, but I 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 29 of 34 
 
would say, healthy margins. And the way we look at it is that we are within those 
the price value equation with the consumers has been maintained. We stay 
competitive on that front. And the inflation that is happening benign or small 
inflation that's happening is offering us the opportunity for calibrated price 
increases as well. 
Priya Nair: 
And our mix in Home Care is a premium mix is what you must keep in mind and 
it's premiumizing even more, so our margin shift in Home Care is very structural, 
and it is not based on what our price competitiveness challenge that we will find 
ourselves in. So, it's a very structural shift over time that has taken place because 
we have become a much more premium Home Care business over time. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak. 
Jay Doshi: 
Just pressing a little bit on Percy's question. What has to change for HUL to deliver 
10% revenue growth? So, is it primarily a macro constraint or a portfolio issue? 
And in that context, are street expectations of double-digit earnings growth 
misplaced? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So, let me just repeat what I said to the earlier similar question is that when you 
look at the macros, they have, in the recent times, shown improving trends. So, 
when you look at a consumer sentiment, consumer confidence, the operating 
environment, we all talked about in the earlier part of our presentation that we 
are seeing an improvement in that. 
Second is our strategic actions which we are taking have also started to play out. 
It is based on these 2 combined factors. And this quarter, we have delivered a 
revenue growth of 6% and the highest UVG across the last 12 quarters. So based 
on all of that, we are guiding right now is that fiscal year'27 to be better than fiscal 
year'26 on the top line and the margins to stay in the guided range because 
growth will be our number 1 priority moving forward. 
Jay Doshi: 
Okay. If I may just ask so if you are already at 6% revenue growth in second half, 
if we assume this as a normalized quarter, so second half this year will be 6% and 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 30 of 34 
 
if you're expecting a better FY'27 with low-single digit pricing, then double digit 
earnings growth should not be very difficult, right? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Fiscal year'27 better than fiscal year'26 is on the top line and margin to stay within 
the guidance. So, it's not based on a quarter. The second half of FY'26 better than 
first half of FY'26. I repeat, the top line in FY '27 to be better than full year '26 and 
the margin to remain within guidance. So, we stay with that as of now. Beyond 
this, we will not be able to guide any number. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Nihal Jham. 
Nihal Jham: 
This is Nihal Jham from HSBC. Two questions. First is on Beauty & Wellbeing that 
when you say looking at better growth in FY'27, fair to assume that Beauty & 
Wellbeing will be the segment that will drive the highest growth among the 4? 
And within the Beauty & Wellbeing segment, how do you look at the portfolio ex 
of OZiva, Minimalist and Hair Care which was sort of the better performing 
portfolio, but how do you see the growth in the part of the portfolio other than 
these 3 parts? 
Priya Nair: 
I think firstly, all 4 of our categories drive growth for us. Of course, we have 
different growth rates across categories. But just like this quarter, all 4 of our 
categories are critical for us to drive growth. For Beauty & Wellbeing, our total 
business is critical across the pyramid given the size and scale of our leadership 
in both Hair Care and in Skin Care, we need our entire portfolio to go. 
And of course, we keep moving our portfolio towards high-growth spaces. This 
includes some brands that you are mentioning but also includes high-growth 
spaces of existing brands. So let me talk you through it just to be clear. So, for 
example, we entered sunscreens with Lakmé. We have light moisturizers with 
Ponds and Vaseline. And we have in Hair Care, masks with Dove and serums. 
So, our existing brands also extend into higher-growth spaces. So, we grow both 
through the premiumization of our existing brands into higher growth spaces 
through the rotation of our portfolio into high-growth brands and through 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 31 of 34 
 
continuing to develop and democratize the market down the length and breadth 
of the pop strata. So, I hope that gives you color of how we see our business. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sure, Priya. Second question was on quick commerce. Now just a conceptual 
understanding here, would it be fair to assume that, if I look at your portfolio, say, 
ex of some parts of foods, which could be classified as indulgence. Most of QC 
for us is sort of just a demand shift, it's now that there is an incremental demand 
generation that happens given the categories we operate in. So that's one 
thought. 
And if you could just comment on how to think of the profitability of this segment 
versus our traditional general trade profitability that incrementally, as this 
channel sort of keeps going up, is there any questions on the profitability that 
could come up? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Yes. So as far as quick commerce demand is concerned, it's a combination of the 
2. So, you can't assume that it's completely a cannibalization. So, A, there will be 
a part which actually move from the current demand and also parts which 
generate demand because our portfolio in quick commerce is different. It is more 
margin-accretive, it's more premiumized portfolio. 
And that takes me to the margin part of it. And therefore, when we look at from 
a Gross Margin perspective, q-com generates better margin than the modern 
trade which generates better margins than the general trade, which is a function 
of the portfolio that we play. 
Priya Nair: 
And just to add to what Niranjan is saying, essentially, we find in all our categories 
that consumer regime starts to change and grow as we are able to discover new 
products and formats. And therefore, if they were buying, say, 1 beauty product, 
2 beauty products, they start buying 6, 7 beauty products. 
And therefore, the regime starts to expand. It's also the nature of the consumers 
that who are today on quick commerce versus the consumers who are in general 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 32 of 34 
 
trade, mass down the pop strata. So that's the other way for you to think about 
how quick commerce actually aids discoverability of brands and formats. 
Nihal Jung: 
 
Understood. That is, it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Manish Poddar from Invesco Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Manish Poddar: 
Yes. I just had 1 question, so probably an extension to the things which other 
particulars were asking. So, ma'am, you see the let's say, cut down at the margins 
by about 2% would it entail getting higher growth? Or is it right to understand 
Unilever is actually doing whatever investments are required? And given the size, 
scale and the categories where we are, the growth outcomes are good 
outcomes? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So firstly, let's start by putting that our strategy is, firstly, its growth is number 1 
priority. That's number one. Number two, we are saying that the growth will need 
to be volume-led and that's the entire plank of the strategy. Then we are saying 
we operate at a huge scale. 
So as you operate on volume, there are scale efficiencies, operating leverages, 
all that kick in, across the spend line that we are talking about, which is what gives 
us the confidence, that while ensuring that we are fully funding our big bets and 
our growth, we can remain within the guided margin range. 
Manish Poddar: 
But would that mean, let's say, if you do 2% higher spends, would that entail, let's 
say, if there's one factor you can get 2% higher growth? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
It doesn't work that way actually because eventually, you have to maintain the 
price-value equation and price competitiveness. Otherwise, it becomes zero-
sum game very soon. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay, got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Tejas Shah from Avendus Spark. 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 33 of 34 
 
Tejas Shah: 
My first question pertains to this one India R&D initiative that we are trying. So, in 
the last Analyst Day at your office, you showcased your R&D capabilities, which 
looked quite impressive to most of us nonspecialists. So what were we missing 
that this change is now expected to fix? And will it fix more of a growth issue, 
premiumization or its more cost efficiency as well? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. I think firstly, we benefit from all our global technology capability and 
knowledge across our categories, and that's what you would have seen, and I am 
glad it was impressive last year and continue to be so. I think what we want to 
focus on is speed, agility and customization for India. So, I would like to use 3 
words that we want to further dial up. It is speed, agility and customization for 
consumers in India. 
Tejas Shah: 
Sure. But as an analyst, where should I see the benefit of this? Will it be more on 
higher. 
Priya Nair: 
Speed, agility and more relevant consumer innovation for India. Based on all the 
technological platforms that we continue to enjoy and benefit from as a global 
corporation. 
Tejas Shah: 
Fair point. Second, this is a kind of labouring the previous point that we have 
explicitly guided that FY'27 will be better than FY'26. But then we also called out 
that we can't decouple much from macro. So just wanted to understand, what 
kind of macro scenario have we kind of budgeted for now? And then what kind 
of tolerance level that budget has for us to kind of hold on to our guidance? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Yes, the macro scenario of budgeted is what is happening today, which is 
essentially an improved consumer sentiment, consumer confidence and the 
overall consumption demand as you see increasing both across rural and urban. 
So that's what is being plotted not any different from current momentum. 
Tejash Shah: 
Niranjan, just when I see that our finance minister has kind of projected 10% 
nominal GDP growth rate for the economy. And we are hesitant to kind of commit 
to double-digit growth even at the EBITDA level. So just wanted to understand 

                            December Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 34 of 34 
 
that let's say, if that number has to come down, should we expect, that will be 
kind of worse off from where we are today in terms of guidance? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So, there is a way that we guide our numbers, and we will stick with FY'27 to be 
better than FY'26. And we have factored in the risk-adjusted scenarios on both 
macros and our internal actions. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar to take up any questions from the web. Over to you, sir. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
So, we don't have any questions on the web. With that, we now come to the end 
of the Q&A session. Before we end, let me remind you that the playback of this 
event will be available to the Investor Relations section of our website in a short 
while. Thank you, everyone, for your participation, and have a great evening. 
Thank you very much. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Thank you. 
Priya Nair: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Hindustan Unilever Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of 
English language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
 
