 
 
 
 
 
 
(Formerly known as 
Raymond Consumer Care Limited) 
 
 
  
 
Corporate Office 
JEKEGRAM 
Pokhran Road No. 1, 
Thane (West) - 400 606, 
Maharashtra, India. 
Phone: +91 2261527000 
Website: www.raymondlifestyle.com 
Registered Office 
Plot G-35 and G-36, 
MIDC Waluj, Taluka Gangapur, 
Chhatrapati Sambhajinagar - 431 136, 
Maharashtra, India. 
CIN No: L74999MH2018PLC316288 
Head Office 
New Hind House, 
Narottam Morarjee Marg, 
Ballard Estate, Mumbai – 400 001, 
Maharashtra, India. 
Phone: +91 2240349999 
RLL/SE/25-26/85 
 
February 02, 2026 
 
To  
The Department of Corporate Services - CRD 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001                                            
Scrip Code: 544240 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051                           
Symbol: RAYMONDLSL  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) – Conference Call Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of the conference call held on January 27, 2026, with respect to the 
financial results of Raymond Lifestyle Limited for the Third quarter and Nine months ended December 
31, 2025. 
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website (www.raymondlifestyle.com) 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
 
 
Priti Alkari 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl as above 
 
Priti 
Nitin 
Alkari
Digitally signed 
by Priti Nitin 
Alkari 
Date: 2026.02.02 
18:21:38 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
Q3 FY26 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 27, 2026 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. S L POKHARNA – NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
 
MR. RAKESH TIWARY – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. SATYAKI GHOSH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL – PRESIDENT OF CHAIRMAN'S OFFICE  
 
MR. E C PRASAD – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. SUNNY DESA – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ADITYA BANSAL – MOTILAL OSWAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Raymond Lifestyle Limited Q3 FY26 and 9-
Month FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aditya Bansal from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Aditya Bansal: 
Thank you, Danish. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services, I 
welcome all the participants to the Q3 FY26 and 9-month FY26 Earnings Call of Raymond 
Lifestyle Limited. Today, we have with us from the senior management, Mr. S L Pokharna, Non-
Executive Director, Mr. Rakesh Tiwary, Group CFO, Mr. Satyaki Ghosh, Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Amit Agarwal, President of Chairman's office, Mr. E C Prasad, Chief Financial 
Officer and Mr. Sunny Desa, Head Investor Relations. Without taking further time, I would like 
to hand over the call to Mr. Rakesh Tiwary for his opening remarks. Over to you, Rakesh sir. 
Rakesh Tiwary: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us for Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
Quarter 3 and 9-month FY26 earnings call. I would like to begin by wishing you all a very happy 
Republic Day. Republic Day stands for strong institutions, long-term thinking and responsible 
leadership, values that are deeply embedded in the Raymond legacy.  
I thank you for your continued trust and engagement within the company. I trust you have had 
the opportunity to review our financial results and investor presentation, both available on the 
stock exchanges and on our website. Let me begin by briefly setting the macro and the industry 
context before moving to our performance.  
India's economic momentum strengthened meaningfully during Quarter 3 Financial Year 26, 
with GDP growth expectations revised upward to around 7.3%. Domestic demand remained 
resilient, manufacturing activity was robust and policy support through fiscal measures and 
income tax relief translated into higher discretionary spending. The festive and wedding season 
further accelerated consumptions, particularly in Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets, which continue to 
be important growth engines for the lifestyle category. 
 
From an industry standpoint, we are seeing clear structural shifts, premiumization of the demand, 
continued formalization post-GST and strong price inelastic consumption around weddings and 
occasions. These trends are highly aligned with the Raymond Lifestyle's brand strength and 
portfolio positioning. Against this backdrop, Quarter 3 Financial Year 26 was a landmark quarter 
for the company. 
 
We delivered the highest quarterly revenue in our history, with total income of INR 1,883 crores, 
EBITDA stood at INR 271 crores, reflecting a 23% year-on-year growth, with margin expanding 
from 12.3% to 14.4%. For the nine-month period, revenue grew 9% to INR 5,223 crores, with 
EBITDA increased to 18% to INR 652 crores, with margin improving from 11.6% to 12.5%.  

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
This performance was driven by strong volume growth in our core textile and apparel business, 
margin expansion through premiumization and product mix improvement and operating 
leverage from higher capacity utilization. Average selling price increases by about INR 26 per 
meter, reflecting the growing contribution of premium and technical fabrics.  
Importantly, this was achieved while investing meaningfully in brand building and future 
capability. A key pillar of our growth continues to be product innovation. During the quarter, 
we expanded our techno-series in fabrics, designed specifically to address modern consumer 
needs.  
These fabrics offer features such as stretch, wrinkle-resistant and stain-resistant, catering to 
evolving workwear and lifestyle preferences. Demand for such functional yet premium products 
continue to grow and this range is gaining strong traction. Our centenary year also marks the 
launch of distinctive brands such as Spectra and Royal Soft, offering 100 shades in a single 
quality, a proposition that strengthens choice, recon and differentiation at the retail level.  
In the super premium segment, we further strengthened our suiting portfolio through Regio 
Italia, Bello Italia, Super Luxe and Draped Coat under the exotic wool collection. These 
offerings reinforce our leadership in luxury fabrics, supported by innovations such as Woolrich 
Luxura and multi-directional stretch wool blends. 
 
Ethnics continue to play an important strategic role in our portfolio. It is not a standalone 
business, but a natural extension that complements our suiting and shirting franchises. The 
expendable festival and wedding collections, along with a growing focus on smart ethnics and 
fusion apparel, allow us to participate meaningfully in occasion-led consumption while adapting 
to modern sell-outs and preferences. 
 
We also recognize that casualization of dress code is a structural trend. Our response is not to 
retreat, but to adopt, by focusing on premium casuals and fusion wears that blend comfort and 
craftsmanship and also brand appeal. Apparel performance during this period reflects ongoing 
investment in brand-building and new stores, which we expect to mature and contribute more 
meaningfully over the time. 
 
On the retail front, our expansion strategy remains calibrated and disciplined. We expanded 
selectively across formats and geographies, with a clear differentiation in store formats for Tier-
2 and Tier-3 markets. Shorter format stores, an asset-light franchise-led model, and capital 
partnering enable us to grow efficiently while protecting returns. 
 
At the same time, we continue to rationalize the network by exiting low-performing stores, 
ensuring that footprint expansion is aligned with productivity and profitability. Back-end 
capabilities are another area of sharp focus. We are strengthening analytics and supply chain 
systems to stay ahead of the demand curve. 
 
Store-level inventory planning, auto replenishment systems and real-time demand tracking are 
improving responsiveness and efficiency. Inventory built during the quarter reflects festive 

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
demand and new store expansion rather than structural inefficiency. That is an investment we 
are doing for building modern capabilities. 
 
Turning to sports, global headwinds, particularly the US tariff uncertainty, impacted the 
garmenting performance during the quarter. Our response has been proactive and strategic. Over 
time, we have reduced our dependency on the US market from about 50% to 35%. We are 
increasingly focusing on UK, Europe and Asia-Pacific regions, supported by recently signed 
FTAs.  
We are also shifting from fabric exports to higher value-added finished and semi-finished 
apparel, upgrading product mix so that tariff impact can be absorbed through margins rather than 
volumes. Supply chain diversification, including Ethiopia and cost structure optimizations are 
further strengthening export resilience. 
 
In this context, the India-EU free trade agreement is structurally positive for Raymond's 
Lifestyle. Reduced tariff on textiles and apparel improves competitiveness in premium European 
markets and aligns well with our focus on high-value fabrics and finished garments. This 
agreement strengthens India's position as a global sourcing hub and we believe Raymond is well-
placed to benefit as the agreement moves towards full implementation. 
 
Despite input cost volatility, including a nearly 25% increase in wool prices, our margins have 
remained resilient, driven by product mix, pricing discipline and cost control. Industry growth 
remains amid single digits, while the trade channel -- in fact the Raymond Lifestyle trade channel 
is growing in double digits, reinforcing the shift towards organized, branded players.  
From the balance sheet perspective, the company remains on strong footing. Net debt is 
effectively at INR 15 crores, cash stands, I mean, operating cash I am talking about the net cash 
is close to INR 155 crores and working capital investment reflects the growth initiative, which 
is in including new stores, your inventory and deposits rather than stress. Capital allocation 
remains focused on debottlenecking, automation and selective expansion.  
As we look forward, financial year 2026 represents a pivotal year in our journey. While global 
uncertainty persists, India's consumption story, particularly in Tier-2 and Tier-3 markets, 
continues to provide a strong runway. Our priorities are clear, drive volume growth in textiles 
and apparel, expand margins through premiumization in scale, leverage interest in future 
capabilities and compound value with discipline.  
Raymond Lifestyle today is not just participating in India's consumption growth, we are shaping 
it and strong brands, premium products and disciplined execution, and a clear path to long-term 
value creation. Before I close, I would like also to briefly touch upon ESG, which remains 
integral to how we run the business.  
From a governance standpoint, all our entities operate at 100% independent directors, ensuring 
strong oversight, transparency and accountability. Even though from a LODR point of view, we 

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
are not required to have 100% independent directors, but in order to have a clear-cut governance 
mechanism, we have taken a step ahead in this direction. 
 
On the people front, we continue to maintain single-digit employee attrition, reflecting a stable, 
engaged workforce, with women comprising approximately 40% of our employee base, 
underscoring our commitment to diversity and inclusion. On the environmental side, we have 
laid out clear measurable targets of 15% reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas 
emissions, 25% renewable energy mix by 2030 and a commitment to zero waste to landfill and 
zero liquid discharge by 2030.  
These are not aspirational statements mind it, but it's an operational commitment that are 
embedded into our capital planning and execution roadmap. As we look ahead, our priorities 
remain clear, strengthen our leadership in branded textiles, scale apparel with discipline, deepen 
our presence in high potential markets and continue investing in the product innovation and 
supply chain excellence.  
With a near zero net zero net debt balance sheet, strong cash generation, a brand that resonates 
with evolving consumer preferences, Raymond Lifestyle is well positioned to convert India's 
consumption growth into consistent and long-term value creation. Thank you all for your 
continued support. We will now be happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll begin with the question-and-answer 
session. The first question comes from the line of Sucrit D Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sucrit D Patil: 
Good evening to the team. I have a following question for Mr. Ghosh. As consumer demand in 
lifestyle and apparel remains selective with a visible tilt towards more exclusive products, how 
is Raymond Lifestyle sharpening its brand portfolio, product innovation and channel tactics to 
drive sustainable growth? In this context, how do you balance investments in brand building and 
retail expansion, while ensuring agility in responding to the ever-changing fashion cycles and 
consumer demand? Thank you. 
Satyaki Ghosh: 
Satyaki Ghosh here. Thank you for the question, a very relevant one. But just to come 
transparently to you, I have joined the organization last Monday on 19 January. And I may not 
be best placed at this point in time to answer all the questions because it's a very deep question. 
And I would request Mr. Pokharna, to take it on my behalf. I will come back to you next quarter 
in a much better prepared manner. I have just done four days of office here. 
S.L. Pokharna: 
Thank you, Satyaki. And as you rightly said, the question is very deep and a big one, but we'll 
try to answer it. One is that Raymond stands for a very trustworthy brand and we have a big 
customer portfolio with us. Now, as you rightly said, dynamics are changing continuously and 
we are in the opening statement of Mr. Tiwary mentioned, we are continuously working on 
innovation. 

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Also working on our strength of promoting worsted shooting fabric, which we have successfully 
done it. Then, as you have said, per capita income of this country is going up and we are 
expanding our footprints in Tier 2, Tier 3 in a big way to regain the market share and meet the 
customer aspirations of the Tier 2, Tier 3 customers also.  
On the branding side, we are continuously innovating the product and communicating to the 
consumer in a big way through social media and through our electronic media communication. 
Also, keeping in mind the pricing strategy that which market needs which kind of price, we are 
working on that and meeting the aspirations of the customers.  
Further, as you know, Prime Minister has a vision of promoting Desi, so Swadeshi. So, we are 
working on that and we are creating products to compete with the requirement of domestic 
customers in a big way. 
 
So, we are completely aligned with the Prime Minister's vision of Swadeshi, promotion of 
Swadeshi and that is helping us. So, in this year, when we are closing quarter 3, we had the best 
result. We had better growth than industry average and also expanded our market share in 
worsted shooting and also expanded our market share in Tier 2 and Tier 3 towns in a big way. 
 
So, there are -- since this question is long, I think strategically these are the inputs and we are to 
meet the customer expectations. We also can give the authenticity to the customers that these 
are authentic products available from Raymond. We are expanding our retail network also in the 
Tier 2, Tier 3 towns and we are getting the result out of it. 
 
So, the strategy is very clear. Expand market share, meet the customer expectations, 
communicate rightly to the consumer and also expand our footprints in Tier 2, Tier 3 towns in a 
big way which is emerging and consumer aspirations are being met. Also, we are taking note of 
per capita income going up in the country. So, these are so many factors which are putting us 
together and giving us confidence to grow at a faster rate.  
Sucrit Patil: 
Question. You just mentioned that you are promoting, I think, Make in India or type of apparel. 
So, I just want to understand, this particular set of style apparel would be targeted to your regular 
customers or you would be targeting them to some specific customers that you have in your 
mind? 
S.L. Pokharna: 
We have customers also in the mind who are currently not our customers where maybe because 
of product strategy and because of pricing. So, we are entering into -- we are studying it and 
being commissioned to identify the needs of the customers who are not presently coming to us. 
Maybe because of their perception of Raymond that it is a costly brand and we cannot afford it. 
So, all those communication strategies are being worked out and being communicated to the 
consumer. 
So, we are seeing the results are flowing through and expanding our, like say, international 
brands are available in metro towns and second level towns and semi-metro towns. While in 

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Tier 3 and Tier 4, Raymond still stands a very big brand for them. And if we offer them product 
of their affordability range and all, they are with us. So, we are working on that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Avinash Karumanchi from Motilal Oswal. 
Avinash Karumanchi: 
So, my question is on the working capital. So, we can see the working capital increase both on 
a quarter-on-quarter and YOY basis. So, the store expansion is also only 1% of the stores 
recorded during this quarter. So, where is this working capital? Is there any lag between the 
primary and secondary sales? 
S.L. Pokharna: 
Amit, you would like to answer it? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. I will answer. So, basically, if you see the working capital primarily, what has happened is 
because of the change in the trend, the way U.S. sales are happening, your inventory, which used 
to be in the form of receivables and the cycle would be shorter, we have now to keep a larger 
inventory in order to ship out the goods to the U.S. So, that is one very large reason for increase 
in the working capital. The second is just the volume. 
We have increased shares more in the apparel segment. And in the apparel segment, as well as 
in the domestic market, you will have a longer cycle vis-a-vis the garmenting cycle. And 
garmenting always has to be our lower working capital cycle, which is an export business. So, 
therefore, these are the two changes. And we are continuously at it. And by March, you would 
see the working capital further reducing. 
Avinash Karumanchi: 
Okay. Can you throw some light on how the channels are working, primary and secondary? Is 
there any difference in the gap between the growth rate across these two channels? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Actually, if you see the domestic markets, and as you all know, that the tax benefit, direct tax 
benefit by putting money in the hands of the consumers to the tune of INR1 lakh crore, as well 
as the GST benefit, which is primarily seen for the car and the white goods, people have more 
money to spend. And we have clearly seen this Diwali or the wedding season has done very, 
very well in the tertiary segment. 
We get reports directly from all the -- across the society, across the markets, and we have seen 
a very healthy movement. And accordingly, we have managed the primary. So, there is actually, 
if you see, at the secondary level, the inventory levels have come off compared to going up, 
which was the case in the last year. So, therefore, we are seeing a clearly improvement in the 
consumption cycle in the third quarter. And that is reflected very well in our numbers also. 
S.L. Pokharna: 
So, Amit Ji, I'll add a little bit here again. Also, moving forward, we are seeing very strong 
wedding seasons, wedding dates are very high, and trends are going up. So, that will also help 
us in getting a better traction of the sales in secondary markets. 
Avinash Karumanchi: 
Okay, okay. Got it. And since you have spoken of regarding the weddings, how is the ethnic 
segment performing? So, in the first half, we have seen the growth rate is somewhere in the 

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
range of 10% to 12%. How was the growth rate there? And point number two is regarding the 
store expansion. 
 
If you look at it on an analyzed basis, this year, we have net close somewhere around 10 to 15 
stores. So, when this would number be turning positive, and how would be the outlook for FY27 
and 28? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So, let me go one-by-one. If you talk about the ethnix, if you see the first few months, there 
has been a lackluster across the industry. We have seen in the ethnix market, there has been a 
weaker growth compared to the other apparel segment and such things. But based on our base, 
I think we have seen still high single digit growth on the ethnic side. 
And we continue to stabilize this business by providing the right kind of product, advertisement, 
communication to the market. And as we had said not today, long back, that it is a journey of, 
let's say, four years or so. I think we are in that journey. We have just completed one and a half, 
almost two years in this journey. 
 
And it would take another two years to really see a decent growth in this ethnix business. As far 
as the store expansion is concerned, you know, we did expand a lot of stores. And considering 
the slowness, the weakness in the economic demand, we have started to see some rationalization, 
which was also known that we would do some rationalization of stores. 
 
And I think over the next 18 months or so, you would see a bigger expansion on the stores, 
because we want to be very careful as the stores opening. Today, the mall rentals and everything 
is going up. We want to make sure that consciously the stores become profitable over the 36 to 
42 months. 
 
And accordingly, we would open the stores. But right now, you have used it rightly that we have 
shut many of the stores which were not profitable or which we had the envisage that they would 
not get profitable. Okay. 
Avinash Karumanchi: 
Is there a rationalization done yet or are we going to see it going into the FY27 as well? 
Amit Agarwal: 
We will have some more rationalization to go. 
S.L. Pokharna: 
Rationalization includes expansion of network also. So, we will be coming out with new stores 
for locations which are ideal for us. And also, we are working on it. Like say, wedding was our 
strength at Raymond. So, we will say we will be working on it that who knows better of wedding 
needs than Raymond. So, accordingly, we will be designing our strategies to capture the wedding 
customers for ethnics. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Deepali Kumari from Arihant Capital Markets. 
Deepali Kumari: 
I have just few questions. The company recorded a substantial expense loss of INR57 crores due 
to implementation of new labor code. Is this a final one-time impact or do you foresee further 
revising in this? 

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, this is the final impact because we got it done from the actuarial evaluation. Primarily, it is 
a non-cash. It is on account of the gratuity as well as on the leave because this being a 100-year-
old business, you will have quite a number of employees who were structured on their basic 
salary differently. So, therefore, this impact has come. And I think there would not be any 
significant impact. Few small could be, but otherwise, it will not be significant impact going 
forward. 
Deepali Kumari: 
And so, what is the current revenue for sleepwear and innerwear and what is incremental? Is it 
that you expect from this segment? 
Amit Agarwal: 
As we talked about, both the innerwear and sleepwear are very small businesses and this business 
was started as our main motto being the Complete Man. And when you take the Complete Man 
journey, it is not just only with the suits, shirts, and trousers, the formal wear. You are also 
participating in the life of a individual, of a man, whether it is in the beginning of the day or at 
the end of the day when he is sleeping. 
 
So, therefore, these products have been put into the system or into our bouquet in order to ensure 
that the man buys and sleeps with and does take all the Raymond products. And that was the 
journey. So, therefore, you would not see a very significant revenue coming out of these things, 
but it was to complete the portfolio of the Complete Man. 
Deepali Kumari: 
Okay. And, sir, in the garmenting segment, we have witnessed de-growth and margin decline. 
So, beyond UK, India, FTA, what specific strategy you are implementing to mitigate customer 
concentration rates and stabilize the international order book for the remainder FY26 and 
beyond? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, you look, garmenting, as you all know, that for everyone in India, the largest export in terms 
of textile happens to be U.S. markets. And U.S., all of us are aware that we are sitting with a 
50% tariff. And there are countries who are also in the garmenting exports, which are currently 
at 20%, 25% also. 
 
So, therefore, very clear distinct advantage people have in the U.S. to buy from such countries. 
But we don't have that advantage. We are hoping from today to tomorrow, every day, that when 
this punitive 25% goes away. But on the other hand, you know, this business of garmenting is 
for white label, for third party customers, where the businesses are being booked on a season-
to-season basis. 
So, it is an autumn venture or summer, spring. So, every time when you change the customer or 
go to a newer customer, you will take at least 12, 18, 24 months. And if we talk about the U.K. 
FTA, actually, so far, only the sentiment has become positive. There has not been any even a 
conversation completed in the U.K. Parliament to clear this proposal. So, therefore, these FTA 
announcements are done good for the sentiment in an immediate basis. 
 
However, to convert into the volume, it takes a little longer. We have -- though we have 
diversified into many of the European countries, and unfortunately, the quantum of orders which 

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
you get from the European customers are much smaller, vis-a-vis what you get for the U.S. 
orders. So, a complete substitution, say, from the U.S. to the European markets or to the Japanese 
markets will not be possible. 
But we have started the journey and we have started not this journey now. We have been trying 
to do this journey for the last three to four years, and therefore, our share from the European 
market is to the tune of 35%-40%. 
And I think our endeavor would be that hopefully the tariffs would go away. If not, it would take 
at least another 18 months or so when you are in a position to really say that we have successfully 
substituted the U.S. market demand. 
S.L. Pokharna: 
So, Amit, would you like to add? Cost rationalization, we have done it in the garmenting 
industry? Amit Ji? 
Amit Agarwal: 
I think you have said it. It is true that in spite of the challenging situations, we are working hard 
on the cost rationalization. But you know, the kind of gross margin which you get because we 
have our own top-quality wool fabrics, worsted fabrics, which gets converted into high-quality 
stitched fabric for the U.S. customers. 
That gives a much stronger gross margin. But your ability to control the cost is quite limited. 
Therefore, you will not be able to earn that kind of a margin. And that is why it is reflected in 
the margins in this quarter vis-a-vis last year where the duty on the tariff was not existent. 
Deepali Kumari: 
Sir, what is the U.S. contribution in revenue? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, as I said, U.S. is close to 45%-46% in U.S. contribution. 
Deepali Kumari: 
Okay. And so, how do same-store-sale growth trends differ from EBO, MBO, LFS, and Conline? 
And which channel is seeing the fastest recovery? 
Amit Agarwal: 
In India, I think our EBOs have done very well. We have seen a good mid-double-digit, mid-
chain growth in the like-to-like stores. So, that is very, very attractive. Even the LFS are seeing 
good 11%-12% growth, like-to-like basis. Plus, we still have a lot of room to go with the MBOs. 
We have been expanding with the Multi-Brand Outlets. And that is helping the sales. And that 
is clearly reflected, if you see, in our apparel sales that it has grown very well. 
Deepali Kumari: 
Okay. So, one last question. Can you please share the medium-term revenue growth and margin 
guidance for the segment as its capacity utilization improves in branded textiles? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, in branded textiles, we are utilizing our facility to the full. And that is why, which Mr. 
Pokharna also mentioned about the cost rationalization that has helped clearly in terms of 
delivering superior margin and delivering over 21% in this quarter. So, we are utilizing the 
facility in full. 

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
I think the journey going forward is clearly optimizing the right product mix. And we are not 
going to give the guidance right now. I think what we are working on is consistent growth in the 
domestic market and capitalizing on it. And if you look at the domestic growth, it is more than 
12% overall in the business, which is very, very healthy compared to many of the peer groups. 
Deepali Kumari: 
Yes. Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chetan from Systematix Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Chetan: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a healthy set of numbers. My 
first question is on an exclusive brand outlet. So, our EBO number, if we see, has somewhat 
remained a bit stagnant over the year. So, how should we look at, say, brand-wise EBO 
expansion going ahead? Or is there any specific brand where we expect to see, say, a higher 
number of store additions? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Okay. If you look at all the four brands which we have in terms of the apparel and then the 
ethnics, I think all are broadly in that 100 numbers of each brand. And as I mentioned in response 
to an earlier question, that we are working clearly on an optimization strategy for the years 
because we have, so to speak, a captive TRS channel. 
 
TRS is almost 1,000 stores plus, which is also available for the distribution of our product and 
exclusively for our product. So, therefore, we look at it. Overall comparable number is we are 
talking 1,500, 1,600 stores, which we have across the country to service our customers. 
 
Now, what has happened is we did open more than 400 stores in the last 3 years, and you would 
never see that all the stores which you opened will do well. And that rationalization was required. 
We have done some bit of rationalization and further some more rationalization has to be done 
going forward. 
 
I think in the next 6 months or so, we will be done with the rationalization part of the story, and 
then we will work out very, very carefully in terms of store expansion. But the whole philosophy 
is that the customers will have the product availability reach very well across the country. We 
have today got more than 1,700 MBOs across the country who are taking care of our products. 
 
We have got more than 1,600 LFS doors, which are taking care. So, to that extent, and many, 
many small retail outlets. So, to that extent, I don't think that we have a challenge in terms of 
distribution reach. 
 
And it is the methodology, whether you sell through your TRS EBO route, or you sell through 
the MBO route, it is one and the same, the product should be reached to the last mile customers. 
And online is also quite well. We have been working hard. And if I look at this year, I think we 
should be achieving over 10% of our revenues on the online side as well. 

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
S.L. Pokharna: 
So, actually, if you look at that, as Amit ji rightly mentioned, there are EBOs and there are 
Raymond Shops, and there are MBOs. And there are smaller MBOs which are being fed through 
our distribution network through wholesale channels. So, while we put up new MBOs or new 
Raymond Shops or anything, we need to take into account that cannibalization doesn't happen 
and we just land up into cost escalation and no gain in the consumer. So, there is a very proper 
system to study the catchment area, and then put up an outlet on that side. So, we are doing that 
way. 
Chetan: 
Right, got it. And lastly, can you put some light on where are we in terms of distribution and 
presence in our sleepwear and innerwear segments? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So, actually, as we mentioned, both innerwear and sleepwear are clearly available in our 
TRSs, EBOs, clearly available. And because the product is such that we have identified some of 
the MBOs and we have appointed dealers and distributors all across the country, which are 
primarily in, let's say, top 50 to 60 cities in the country where we have put the product, because 
we want to ensure that the product is rightfully placed, the supply chain is getting stabilized. 
And therefore, we wanted to focus on the 50 to 60 cities where we have put our products right 
now through the dealer and distributor network. 
Chetan: 
Got it, sir. Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hitaindra Pradhan from Maximal capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, my question is again related to the apparel segment. So, 
you yourself mentioned during your opening remarks that casualization is a structural trend and 
I guess, most of our portfolio aren't kind of positioned for that. So, what is our turnaround 
strategy and what is our, like organic growth expectation, long-term organic growth expectation 
from our apparel segment? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So, very clearly and I think this is very clearly evident if I take the era pre-COVID and 
post-COVID and Raymond is known very well to catch the trend. I'm a 100-year-old company, 
so I know exactly how the trend changes and shifts and adapt to that. 
 
So, pre-COVID, we were sub 5% in terms of casualization. Now, we have reached close to 15% 
to 17% in terms of casualization. Plus, in terms of the fits and I would really encourage all of 
you to visit the Color Plus stores, which was a very, very different product range. 
 
Now, we have brought a product range, which is much more, what a trendier, thicker and for 
slim fit and such things, which was not available in the past, which was only for a regular or a 
contemporary fit. 
 
So, the journey of casualization is on and there is a brand ethos under which we need to work 
and we are going to continuously improve the percentage of casualization, but very carefully 

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
that don't dilute the brand where people have a pride in wearing a Raymond ready-to-wear shirt 
to the office or a Park Avenue shirt or a suit to the office. 
 
So, we need to keep a right balance because there are some very dedicated, loyal customers for 
us who keep buying for their office there as well. So, it is an added product bouquet, which we 
have considered in the casual line. 
S.L. Pokharna: 
Also, we have a brand, Parks, which is much on the affordable range side and we are purely a 
casual brand, which is also doing well now. So, we are working on the product line, which is a 
requirement of current generation and current trends. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
In terms of your geographical presence in Tier 1, Tier 2, if you can give any color on your 
strategy, what is the current mix and do you want to change that? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, we are clearly present in Tier 1 to Tier 6 cities. You would find our product and I'm sure if 
you travel across the country, the Raymond Board, the sign of the neon Raymond Board, you 
would find even a small Taluka, small town district. And I think that is the beauty of this, that it 
is practically impossible to replicate the Raymond Distribution Strength. 
 
And that is what we have a big advantage and we enjoy the customer relationship, the trade 
relationship for more than 60, 70 years. So, in terms of reach, we are already there. Obviously, 
as things continue to expand, India gets more economically moving forward, you will see much 
more towns and Kasbahs are getting much more affluent. 
 
And there you have the possibility to keep expanding their own stores, either TRSs, EBOs, or 
the MBOs keep coming up, we will be there to place the products. And we have a very unique 
system of a wholesaler and a distributor model. So, places where we cannot reach directly, our 
wholesalers and distributors are there in order to provide such product to a smaller customer in 
a very small town. So, our suiting are practically available in more than 15, 18,000 points of sale 
across the country. So, you can imagine how wide is the distribution. 
S.L. Pokharna: 
We have -- we call them tech dealers. So, we identify small dealers who are located in smaller 
towns or within even big cities. The location is such that the catering can be done only by smaller 
dealers. So, we take them to our wholesaler and we recognize them as a tech dealer and give 
support of distribution. So, that's the mechanism. So, almost about 20,000 distribution networks 
we are working on, small or big, put together. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
Okay, sir. So, my third question is related to the ethnix brand and the outlet in their growth. So, 
last quarter, you mentioned that, usually urban, winter, all these occasions and marriages and all 
that can add to your growth. But this quarter seems to be a little on the low side. You mentioned, 
I think, HST high single-digit growth this quarter. 
 
So, what is your outlook on the ethnics, you know, growth in Q4 and beyond? Like, do you see 
that picking up? And also, like, there has been a slight margin uptick in your overall apparel 
segment. So, was it due to some seasonality mix or was it due to your full price throughput, if 
you can comment on that? 

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Well, look very clearly, October-December quarter is characterized by two things. One, you 
have the Dussehra Diwali, which is the festival which keeps buying in a good manner, healthier 
manner, followed by weddings. And we have seen, as Mr. Pokharna rightly pointed out, that the 
weddings, number of weddings were very, very high. 
 
And over the next 6 months, 5 months we should say, is also going to be very, very strong. So, 
I think that clearly helps us to improve the product. And in a wedding scenario, what happens 
always, that people tend to upgrade themselves. And that is one reason why you will see a 
healthier quarter in the third quarter for Raymond and for most of the such players, which we 
have seen in this quarter. 
 
Now, as far as going forward, very clearly, we have driven, and as we mentioned in the opening 
remark, that we have been aggressively spending on the advertisement. So, you can make a great 
product, but if you do not communicate to the customer, your product won't sell. 
 
And I think that is where, which we have taken an effort in terms of investing behind the brands 
and putting right money on the advertisement sales promotion, and which is actually working. 
So, that is one of the other reasons why your margin continues to be little lower. And we are 
considering this as a strategic move and not for 6 months. 
 
We are not into the business of 6 months or a quarter or 2, 3 quarters. We are on a long-term 
sustainable business to grow, whereby we are investing behind these brands, apparel brand, in 
order to make it much stronger. So, that is one on the apparel side. 
 
Second thing, if I look at the ethnics, ethnics is into a nascent stage. It is not in a business that 
right now, it has become a matured business. We will take, as I said, another 4, 3 to 4 four years 
in order to build this business strongly, and then you will see it bearing the fruit. 
 
Otherwise, right now to say, this is the margin or this is the growth, I think it will take its own 
time, because this is something which is a little decent, expensive buy for a customer. So, 
therefore, he wants to assure himself that it is the right thing which I should go and pick up. So, 
it is a brand building exercise. 
The quality of the product is already established because anything which comes out of Raymond 
is a quality product that I don't think so there is any question mark. It is also the design and 
everything which people need to get more accustomed to, and over a period, you would see a 
growth in this product as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Madhavendra, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. Mr. Madhavendra, please proceed with the question. 
Madhavendra: 
Yes, I'm audible. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sure. 

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Madhavendra: 
So, I have one question. This employee benefit expenses will come every quarter till next day, I 
mean, in FY’27 till the base pan out or it will be in one quarter, just this? 
Amit Agarwal: 
It will be in this quarter only, because this is the entire catch up, which has been done for the 
past years, because of the change in the labor code. 
Madhavendra: 
Okay, sir. And another question is, this branded apparel segment is very old, like we have 
reputed brands, Colorplus, Parth Avenue. So, why this is struggling to means for growth? 
Because this is not something new. So, I want to understand that. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, no, absolutely. I think you have a very fair comment. These are brands which have been in 
existence for a very, very long period of time. But I think what has happened is that you need to 
make adequate investments behind the brand. And since these brands were having not the 
adequate sales, and you have in this business, keep getting end of season sales. 
So, we have taken a conscious call in the last few years, that we will go ahead and put money 
behind the advertisement and innovation in the product. And we are taking a little bit hit on the 
margin right now. And as I said, this is more like an investment. When you put up a plant or a 
manufacturing facility, you show it as a capex. 
But in an operating business, you put it into advertisement sales, which is an opex line item. And 
I think that is the journey which we are on. So, therefore, you would see for some period of time, 
the margin to be slightly weaker. But it is an investment, which will turn out to be a very good 
investment with a very high return going forward, when you see a much higher growth in terms 
of the branded apparel, revenue growth, as well as the profitability growth. 
Madhavendra: 
Okay. And sir, the other question is, let's assume that the US-India trade deal don't go through 
for next two, three quarters also. So, do you think more pressure in the garmenting division or 
you expect this to remain as it's going through right now? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, I think one, obviously, none of us want that to continue for two, three quarters, because it 
has a significant impact. And you know, textile is the largest employer in the country. And it is 
the whole supply chain, right from the cotton production, and conversion, garment, yarn, 
everything. So, it's a massive impact in terms of employment. 
But on the other hand, for us, at a narrow basis, what we have started to do is started to get out 
to more domestic customers, some of the domestic customers we have started to make, as well 
as we have started to go to even smaller customers who give orders to the tune of 5,000, 10,000 
pieces, which we were not prepared to take earlier, where we were getting from the US more 
like a 40,000, 50,000 pieces order. 
 
So, I think that is a journey which we are on. So, it will be a little bit more, what you call, a 
difficult task to comply with smaller orders. But if that being the case, so be it, we have to go 
out and do such orders. 

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
S.L. Pokharna: 
And we are successful in getting domestic orders, that's the point. So, capacity utilization is full 
and better going to be in the near future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, anyone who wishes to ask a question, press star and 1 on the 
telephone. Our next question comes from the line of Portugal Das an Individual Investor, please 
go ahead. 
Portugal Das: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, Amit, can you just explain like, what kind of benefits are we 
seeing from currency depreciation? Because over the past year, there has been very significant 
currency depreciation, even euro or pound or even the dollar. And also given that we import 
wool from Australia. So, how is that differential playing out? Because we also have imports of 
wool. So, can you please explain this? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So, it's a real mixed bag and it's a good one. Because what has happened is, if I take the 
raw material side, I'm sure you are aware that Australian wool in terms of the commodity has 
increased the price by almost 30% over the last four months, as well as the currency, Australian 
currency has vis-a-vis rupee has been consistently appreciating. So, there is a huge negative 
impact on account of that. 
As far as the rupee and US dollar and euro is concerned, clearly, we have got the benefit. But 
our exports, as I said, had it been the full normal business without the US tariff, I think it would 
have given a substantial gain in our garmenting business, and we would have seen the benefits 
going through. But it got really majorly offsetted because of the lack of volume and lack of gross 
margin. So, that is unfortunately the reason for this year's garmenting business, though it is an 
export driven business, not doing well. 
Portugal Das: 
Okay. Yes, that helps. And what kind of peak revenues can we generate using the current 
garmenting capacity that we have both in India and Ethiopia? Like, if you can just give a ballpark 
number. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Can you repeat the question? I couldn't follow your question. 
Portugal Das: 
What kind of peak revenues can we generate in the garmenting division, given the capacity that 
we have both in India and Ethiopia? 
Amit Agarwal: 
I think comfortably, you see, we have expanded the capacity in Indupur, which you recall, we 
have been speaking about. We have invested decently on that facility. We have added 10 lines 
there. So, I think overall, from a current context, at least 50% more revenue can be garnered 
from the same capacity, which is available today. Okay. 
Portugal Das: 
Thank you. Thank you and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Since there are no further question from the participants? I would like to hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. Thank you. And over to you sir. 

 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Satyaki Ghosh: 
Thank you for all your participation and interest in our organization. The first question had come 
to me, but Amitji and Pokarnaji have really tried and given very good answers. Next quarter, I'll 
try to come back to you with my thoughts and try to answer your question. But thank you very 
much for participation from all of our side at Raymond Lifestyle Limited. Thank you. 
S.L. Pokharna: 
Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
