 
 
 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
Listing Manager, 
 
 
 
 
 
The Secretary, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,  
 
BSE Limited, 
(Through NEAPS) 
 
 
 
 
 
(Through BSE Listing Centre)  
Symbol: EMIL 
 
 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543626 
Series: EQ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ISIN: INE02YR01019 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Subject: Disclosure of transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter and 
Nine Months ended 31st December 2025 held on 09th February 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call held on 
Monday, 09th February 2026, at 04:00 P.M. IST to discuss the Un-Audited Financial Results 
for the Third Quarter and Nine Months ended 31st December 2025. The same is also available 
on the website of the Company at the below-mentioned link: 
 
https://investors.electronicsmartindia.com/earning-call-transcripts-and-investors-presentation 
 
We request that you take this information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
For and on behalf of Electronics Mart India Limited 
 
 
Rajiv Kumar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Date: 12th February 2026 
Place: Hyderabad 
ELECTRONIC58 
MART 
AUDIO & BEYOND' 
KITCH: N' 
STORIES 
BAJAJS 
ELECTRONICS 
EAsv· 
KITC:1-1: NS 
Regd. Office: 6-1-91 , Shop No. 10, Ground Floor, 
Corporate Office: M.No. 6-3-666/A1 to 7, 
Zonal Office : 35 - Link Road, Lajpat Nagar Ill, 
Next to Telephone Bhavan, Secretariat Road, 
Opp. NIMS Hospital, Punjagutta Main Road, 
New Delhi - 110024. Ph: 011-45546292 
Saifabad, Hyderabad - 500004 
Hyderabad - 500082. Ph : 040-23230244 
ELECTRONICS MART INDIA LIMITED I CIN No.: L52605TG2018PLC126593 
E-mail: communications@bajajelectronics.in 
Website : www.electronicsmartindia.com 
Rajiv 
Kumar
Digitally signed 
by Rajiv Kumar 
Date: 2026.02.12 
18:00:51 +05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
“Electronics Mart India Limited 
Q3 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KARAN BAJAJ – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
PROMOTER – ELECTRONICS MART INDIA LIMITED  
 
MR. PREMCHAND DEVARAKONDA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ELECTRONICS MART INDIA LIMITED 
 
STRATEGY GROWTH ADVISORS, INVESTOR 
RELATIONSHIP ADVISORS – ELECTRONICS MART 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
.Electronics Mari India LJ'mlted 
EM/;,.. 
Electron/cs Mart lnd;a Umfledr, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Electronics Mart India 
Limited Q3 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded.  
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on the date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of the 
future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bajaj, CEO and Promoter. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Good evening, and a very warm welcome to everyone present on the call. 
Along with me, I have Mr. Premchand Devarakonda, our Chief Financial 
Officer. We have uploaded our results and investor presentation for the quarter 
and nine months ended 31st December '25 on the stock exchange and the 
company's website. Hope everyone has a chance to go through it.  
The quarter began on a positive note with the festive season with Diwali falling 
in October alongside the implementation of the GST rate cut during the period. 
While our sales mix remained broadly in the same line with the same period 
last year, demand across categories, particularly in large appliances, was 
supported by the GST reduction and further aided by festival-led consumption.  
Importantly, on festival to festive comparison, we delivered robust growth of 
approximately 25%, indicating a strong underlying demand. At the same time, 
we saw operating leverage play out, resulting in an improvement in operating 
margins. 
 
Despite the continued additions of new stores, overall, the absence of a 
prolonged festive season, we delivered a steady growth performance with the 
GST cut providing an additional tailwind to consumption trends.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
During Q3 FY '26, we added 4 new stores, 2 in NCR region and 2 in Andhra 
Pradesh. I would like to highlight that our Andhra Pradesh market has seen a 
strong recovery, delivering approximately 14% growth in Q3, and we continue 
to grow our market share. 
 
Over the last 2 years, we have added nearly 100 stores, which now account for 
approximately 50% of our total store portfolio. As a result, a significant portion 
of our network is relatively young and still in the early stages of maturing, yet 
to reach optimal throughput. Consequently, fixed costs and such as manpower, 
marketing and promotional spends are not yet fully absorbed, while finance 
costs and depreciation remain elevated, partly due to Ind AS 116 adjustment. 
 
This has had a short-term impact on overall profitability. As these stores 
continue to ramp up and move up the maturity curve, we expect operating 
leverages to play out, leading to a gradual improvement in profitability and 
ROCE as they mature. To give a clear perspective on our store portfolio, for 
9MFY '26, we operate 219 stores, out of which 83 stores are over 4 years old 
and 136 stores are less than 4 years old. 
 
In the first 9MFY '26, the mature store base generated product revenue of 
approximately INR3,523 crores, while the newer stores contributed to around 
INR1,528 crores. From a profitability standpoint, the mature stores continue to 
demonstrate strong performance with an EBITDA margin of 7%, whereas the 
new stores are currently operating an EBITDA margin of 3%.  
I would like to highlight our geographical performance. We witnessed a broad-
based recovery in demand across our key clusters during this quarter. In Q3FY 
'26, our core market of Hyderabad delivered a year-on-year revenue growth of 
6.4% with SSG of 3.3%, supported by the revival of real estate projects across 
Hyderabad, which has impacted performance in FY '25.  
In the Telangana up country market, revenue grew by 2%. Andhra Pradesh 
reported a strong performance with a revenue growth of 18.2% and an SSG of 
4.9%. Lastly, our NCR cluster continued to scale up well, recording a revenue 
growth of 30%, along with an SSG of 7.1%.  
Turning to cluster-wise profitability. We continue to maintain a healthy 
EBITDA margin of around 6% in our southern cluster despite 70% of our new 
stores being added across Andhra Pradesh and Telangana in the past 2 years. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
We are also pleased to share that our NCR operations remained EBITDA 
positive on a nine-month basis, delivering an EBITDA margin of around 0.5%, 
translating to around INR2 crores. 
 
This performance would have been stronger for the nine months ended if we 
have experienced normal summer season up north. We expect margins in the 
region to improve further as we continue to enhance store level throughput, 
which will drive better absorption of fixed costs such as manpower, marketing, 
rentals.  
Moving to category-specific performance. In terms of contribution, large 
appliances accounted for about 42% revenue in Q3 FY '26 and around 43% in 
the 9MFY '26. A positive trend we are observing at the store level following 
the GST reduction is a gradual shift in consumer preferences toward large 
televisions and high-value appliances such as front-loading washing machines 
and dishwashers.  
Notably, washing machines' demand has remained stagnant over the last four 
quarters, registered a growth of approximately 11% during the current quarter. 
We are also seeing increased traction in new categories such as dishwashers, 
air coolers and other categories. This growing presence of premium products 
has helped us sustain our average selling price during Q3FY '26.  
Coming to the mobile categories, mobile contributed to around 44% of our 
total revenue in both Q3FY '26 and the 9MFY '26. The mobile phone segment 
recorded a growth of approximately 10% in Q#FY '26. Looking ahead, we 
believe that the category is entering the next phase of demand driven by 
upcoming technologies, upgrades and feature enhancements. 
 
Several OEMs are actively working on the next-generation AI-enabled 
devices, which we expect will further stimulate consumer interest and support 
growth in both ASPs and volumes. This positions us well to benefit as the 
replacement and upgrade cycle gains momentum. We believe the broader 
environment remains supportive. GST rates have come down and the 
government has reduced income tax slabs previously, which is expected to 
boost disposable income. 
 
Together, these factors are likely to create a compounding effect on 
consumption and drive long-term structural demand for consumer durables. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
Several categories in our portfolio continue to remain unpenetrated, offering 
significant growth potential.  
As our newly opened stores mature and reach steady state performance, we 
expect margins to progressively normalize, setting a strong foundation for 
sustained and profitable growth in the years to come.  
With this, I request Mr. Premchand Devarakonda, our CFO, to update you on 
financial performance. Thank you all. 
Premchand Devarakonda: Thank you, Karan sir. Good evening, and warm welcome to all the participants. 
Now moving on to the financial performance of Q3 and 9MFY '26. First, I 
would like to start with Q3 FY '26 performance. Our revenues for the quarter 
stood at INR1,939.7 crores versus INR1,805 crores in Q3 FY '25, a growth of 
8%. EBITDA for Q3 FY '26 stood at INR119 crores versus INR102 crores in 
Q3 FY '25, witnessing a growth of 17%. EBITDA margin for Q3 FY '26 stood 
at 6.1% versus 5.6% of last year. 
 
Pre Ind AS EBITDA for Q3 FY '26 stood at INR82 crores with a margin of 
4.2%. PAT, including exceptional items for Q3 FY '26 stood at INR30 crores. 
Same-store sales growth for Q3 FY '26 was 2.54%. Now moving on to 9 
months of FY '26 financials. Our revenues for 9MFY '26 stood at INR5,270 
crores versus INR5067.1 crores in 9MFY '25, a growth of 4%. EBITDA for 
9MFY '26 stood at INR311 crores. EBITDA margins for 9MFY '26 stood at 
5.9%. 
 
Pre Ind EBITDA for 9MFY '26 stood at INR204 crores with a rate of 3.9%. 
PAT including exceptional items for 9MFY '26 stood at INR67 crores. For 
9MFY '26, SSSG stood at 0.19%. ROCE and ROE on an annualized basis for 
9MFY '26 stood at 11% and 5.8% respectively. The working capital days as on 
31st December '25 stood at 60 days. Pre-Ind AS cash flows from operations as 
on 31st December for the 9-month period stood at INR500 crores.  
With this, now I open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Aditya Bhartia from Investec. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
My first question is on SSG growth in up country Telangana, wherein it 
appears to be a little on the weaker side. I think there's been a slight decline on 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
an SSG basis. And even -- I mean, from a slightly longer-term perspective, we 
are not really seeing that business scaling up -- that part of the business scaling 
up very sharply. So what's the outlook in that region? And what do you 
attribute the SSG decline to? 
Karan Bajaj: 
If you actually look at the number, it is -- when we look at category-wise sales 
or if you look at the overall number, firstly, the revenues are up, but with a 
marginal 2% up, including a new 6-7 stores that we opened up compared to 
last year Q3. But if you look at overall demand, there's a little slowdown. So I 
would not attribute or be at a spot where we want -- things are under control. 
 
We are not losing market share. How is the productivity portion going on? So 
if you look at the overall sentiment of the market, it is a little weaker compared 
to the other clusters that we're operating in today. So I would attribute that de-
growth to that. But if you look at overall number, there was a good positive 
sign in January as well in that cluster. 
 
And this is predominantly the other categories. The cooling products have not 
started yet at the full pledge. But looking at the big days of January, looking at 
the festival there of Sankranti/Pongal and the 26th  of January did really perform 
well there. So, I think it is a matter of time. We will definitely see a positive 
SSG in Q4 there. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Perfect. And my next question was on the demand trends that you are seeing 
in January pretty much across the country and how things shaping up between 
North and South clusters in January? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So things look good for now, no complaints. I think we have finished the bad 
quarter that we had in the last financial year. And I think we're only looking 
for the positive upside coming in the coming quarters, especially with the AC 
base being -- or the cooling product base being quite low in the last quarter -- 
the last few quarters, I think the coming summer quarters are going to be good. 
So no complaints of that. We're already ready for it. We started buying and 
started shelving our stores with the newer inventory for the new rating as well. 
So, I think we are quite optimistic on the upcoming season. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddarth S from Vittae Money. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
Siddarth S.: 
So, I would just like to understand that this could be in previous 2-3 quarters, 
and I'm just taking you through the previous 2-3 quarters. Sir it was said that 
since there was a lot of credit scrutiny going around, there was a lot of issues 
or the sanctions of the credits that was issued as a proportion of funded was 
going lower because banks were rejecting a lot of, what do you say, the EMI 
eligibilities of customers due to strict underwriting policies.  
Just want to understand how is the outlook on that, or how is it going on right 
now? Because most of the sales that's being done or sanctioned by you is going 
to be credit sales only, and this could be an important factor impacting the 
same. So just want to understand that note. 
 
And how would the -- since you very convenient you know very good 
experience in the expansion and there has been a lot of expansion that's been 
going on. How would you give us an outlook in terms of how the future 
expansion is going to be? And when are these stores respectively, going to 
contribute to the revenues, respectively as majority of the stores right now are 
non-maturity stores? 
Karan Bajaj: 
To answer your first question, usually, every year, after the 2 big seasons of 
festival and the summer season, we would see a little slowdown in approval 
rate from the NBFCs. That is a normal trend in the industry. So definitely, after 
Diwali, we did see that trend going a little slower. But then usually once like 
the Christmas days always starts off well. 
 
And now they are -- they already would get ready with the upcoming summer 
season. So that is a trend that we see always where the approval rates go a little 
lower, not too low. But I think going back again to the summer -- upcoming 
season, we'll have a higher approval rate coming back on also all the NBFCs, 
so that is how it works for them. 
 
And for your second question on future expansion, currently, we are looking 
at opening the set number of stores in NCR, AP and Telangana that are lined 
up already in the pipeline yet to open up. So by 31st March or maximum second 
week of April, we'll have additions of new stores in this geography, which were 
already under construction or already for which we've signed up. 
 
And as we stick to our plan of further expansion into a new territory, that 
probably after the Q1FY’27 is when we would venture out into the new 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
geography that we are currently looking into, could be Odisha, could be 
Western UP, and some of the newer markets that we're exploring right now. 
So, between me and the teams, we are looking at a further newer cluster that 
we will definitely add up in probably the Q2 or the Q3 FY '27. 
Siddarth S.: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. So I just -- I did get some clarity on this. I just have 2 
follow-up questions on the same line. So the next thing is the majority of the 
sales mix makes up -- it is made up of white goods and electronics. So the thing 
is that when we look at AC as a good in terms of the sales, there is some reports 
or there is some studies suggesting that this summer is not as hot as it is 
expected to be in the previous years going ahead. 
 
How would you think that would impact the AC sales of the company in 
general? Or what is your outlook from -- on -- as an opinion of yours or 
something? So that's one question from my end. The next thing is that there is 
a lot of talk going around in terms of the increase in RAM prices, which is 
going to translate into a higher, say, final sale price of the mobiles and other 
electronics since electronics also makes up a huge mix of books at the moment 
-- sales book at the moment. 
 
What do you think is going to be the impact in general that can be attributed to 
the price increase in the electronics and the slower-than-expected summer this 
quarter, which will essentially -- how can it have an impact on the AC sales as 
well? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Okay. So I wish what you said is not true that the summer season is not going 
to be good. Let's not hope for that. But what we experienced last year in the 
Q1 or, say, mid of March, we got the flavor of the weather not supporting us 
for the season. But that being a low point, I would still put in the base at that 
level and expect at least some growth from that number from there on. I think 
that has also delivered at a higher number from the last year's base, I think we 
are sorted. 
 
We don't need to look at 70%, 80% kind of a jump, right? So we are still 
optimistic on the category because the penetration is still very low. The new 
rating has also come in. We don't see a drastic increase in pricing from the AC 
brand. It is a nominal price increase, and that would get mitigated with the EMI 
offers and the cash backs that the brands provide during the summer period. So 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
I think we're looking at an optimistic sale, and we are ready to go ahead for the 
season, and we've aligned our inventory accordingly so that we... 
Siddarth S.: 
Sorry to interrupt, just to stop you there. So you're also positive in terms of 
how the underwriting is going to be from the NBFCs and banks, right, coming 
up on the quarters as well? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes, absolutely. The NBFCs are also ready. Currently, all the NBFCs that we 
work with IDFC, Bajaj Finserv, and HDB. So all are lined up and geared up 
for the season as well. So they're also looking forward because cooling 
products on a whole contributes to a bigger book size for them as well. 
Siddarth S.: 
Yes, yes, correct. So you expect them to have some softer underwriting policies 
in general, unlike how it was multiple quarters back. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Absolutely, absolutely. 
Siddarth S.: 
Yes, yes. Got it. So I did get some. So in general, you are also positive on how 
the AC sales is going to roll out in general, considering the fact that we are not 
going to hopefully not see a worst season in terms of the slowdown in the AC 
segment. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Correct. Because January base was not high last year, but the January also seen 
a positive uptrend in the category. But last year, if I actually attribute the AC 
sale in Q 4, it was majorly February and a couple of weeks in the March month 
that did well. But then after that, after March 28, we definitely saw a downfall 
up till May. So usually, that is the peak season for us for AC sellout, AC and 
cooling product sell-out. But hopefully, this year, we do -- might have a longer 
winter in place, but so we expect a longer summer going forward or at least an 
unanticipated summer with no rains in between. 
Siddarth S.: 
Got it. Got it. Next as a follow up, as I already -- I'd just like to reiterate on the 
question of how do you feel the RAM prices, which as an expectation, we are 
saying the mobile and the electronic prices in general is expected to go by 8 to 
10 percentage. And there's a lot of proxy companies and the companies which 
is directly -- that can be impacted by the sales is expected to see some 
slowdown. How do you view that? And what is your outlook in general of how 
we are going to navigate or how the numbers are going to play out for the 
electronics segment in general? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Right now, we don't see a drastic change in the pricing from any OEMs right 
now. It could be a minuscule change going forward. But as I told you earlier, 
EMI schemes are available up to 24 months, brands are forwarding that. There 
are cash-back offers. There are 1 EMI or 2 EMI coming in from the OEMs as 
well. So eventually, the price is going to be in line with what it is currently 
operating at. So there would be a major jump there as well because a lot of 
these OEMs do absorb the cost as well. So, not necessarily that they always 
keep on increasing the price to the end consumer. 
Siddarth S.: 
Okay. Okay. Okay. Understood. So in general, it is also expected to have a 
good view. And just to catch you on the last point there, you're also saying that 
apart from the soft underwriting, there is also a lot of customer-friendly 
policies that are going to come up like cash back and a lot of offers in general 
to incentivize the customer. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Absolutely. Until, unless there's a new technology chain. For example, if it is 
like a 4K technology moving towards 8K or something better in any phone 
devices with the AI coming in. So, if there is a new add-on on the technology, 
definitely the price goes up. But apart from that, there is no price increase for 
a like-to-like product. 
Siddarth S.: 
Sure. No, I just asked it on the front of the memory and RAM, which is the 
existing same technology of electronics just upgrading due to the RAM price 
hike in general, which was observed and which is a hot talk that's going on 
around in market now. So yes... 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes, for that particular product, yes. Definitely, yes. 
Siddarth S.: 
Sure. Understood. And the last question, I'd like to know which are the major 
NBFCs partners or major bank partners that you guys have tied up with? And 
in terms of basically, let's take account of funded and there is going to be credit 
sales of you guys in general, which NBFC or banks takes up the major portion 
of the customers of yours who have availed for the EMIs. As a mix, I would 
like to understand that for some better clarity on that. 
Karan Bajaj: 
The NBFCs that are prevalent in our industry in consumer durables are Bajaj 
Finserv, they are the biggest players. So our share or any retailer share is in 
line with what -- they are as market leaders, number 1. Number 2 would be 
IDFC, then would be HDB, ICICI and TVS Finance, especially for mobile 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
phones in a few of the markets. So that IDFC is not present in a lot of up 
country stores, for example. So then it is -- there it is Bajaj and HDB, TVS. So 
it all depends on the market reach of these NBFCs would have. But 
predominantly, the 4-5 companies that are prevalent in the market across all 
retailers. 
Siddarth S.: 
Okay. Can you just take me through who is that HDB? I'm unaware of all the 
other parties... 
Karan Bajaj: 
Split from HDFC Bank. HDB is a subsidiary of HDFC Bank. 
Siddarth S.: 
Okay. Got it. Sure, sure. So yes, thanks a lot for the clarity from your end and 
I'm looking forward for the upcoming -- I mean, business to go well. And yes, 
hopefully, it is expected to do so. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Pray for the summer to go well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Awais Bakshi from Sundaram Mutual 
Fund. 
Awais Bakshi: 
Sir, just first question on the pricing side. You mentioned that the new BEE 
pricing are in. So what's the differential, sir, right now versus the earlier SKUs? 
Karan Bajaj: 
I think it's not much. It is like 1%, 2% plus or minus and not more than that. 
Awais Bakshi: 
Okay. Sir, just one follow-up here. Given that the price differential is not much 
versus others, wouldn't it somewhere affect the sale of existing non-BEE 
products in our portfolio? What's your sense? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So the difference on pricing is not much, but the rating and -- so if you're 
comparing it, the lineup right now is still in a transition of having a complete 
range of the new BEE rating on the storefront because it is hardly a month in, 
because the production plus the stocks are not completely available across all 
brands. So -- and then we also are left with some older inventory. 
 
Though we started buying the newer ones now, but we are left with some older 
inventories also. So by, say -- and the summer season has not picked up yet. 
So if I look at second week of March, that is when we'll have a complete 
transition of the newer models on the store front. So by then, it will be hardly 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
left with some 10,000, 20,000 units that will sell through the summer period 
after that. 
Awais Bakshi: 
Okay. And sir, just one question here. On the overall inventory, what would be 
the AC inventory right now in our system? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Right now, AC, we've already picked up for the season, right? So we are 
already at the same current levels of usually what we would have for our 
beginning of summer season. So a little upwards of 300,000 units. 
Karan Bajaj: 
No, no, sorry. 
Karan Bajaj: 
No, no, one second. One second. Yes. So in terms of units, we are around 
250,000 units ready for the summer season. 
Awais Bakshi: 
250,000 units. Got it. And this will be more or less the older non-BEE norms, 
right? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sorry, sorry, I didn't get your question. 
Awais Bakshi: 
These 250,000 units, this will not be the new BEE norm ones, right? 
Karan Bajaj: 
No, no. Almost 50% of this inventory is the newer rating. 
Awais Bakshi: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, just one more question in terms of discounting 
intensity this quarter, what was the status coming in from, say, the September 
quarter to December? Any changes there? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sorry, I didn't hear you. Can you repeat your question, please? 
Awais Bakshi: 
Sure. In terms of discounting intensity, September, we had a higher instance of 
discounting, right, given the GST, etc. So is that continued in December or that 
intensity has cooled down. 
Karan Bajaj: 
No, no. So that was up till the Diwali, would end up probably the first week of 
October, that's when Diwali ended up. And then after that, we did see an 
increase in pricing again or the discounting was reduced to the minimal during 
that period again. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Karan, Hyderabad cluster has seen a good pickup over the last couple of 
quarters. So wanted to check what is the confidence on sustainability of this 
growth for this cluster? You did mention that some of the real estate projects 
are picking up, but if you could give some confidence on the sustainability of 
this trend. 
Karan Bajaj: 
So if you look at -- definitely, there's no store addition in this cluster. We 
already captured the market here. The market would organically grow from 
here on. But the newer product categories like dishwashers, audio has picked 
up here, accessories are doing really well. The attachment has definitely gone 
up, especially in mobile phones and television. 
 
And post the cutdown on GST, we have definitely seen an uptrend on sellout 
on televisions. So looking at that number, I think going forward, but not a big 
jump from here on. I think it will be in line with what the numbers are for this 
cluster. The SSG would remain under 3%-4% kind of a number. So I think that 
on such a big base, that kind of an SSG without new store opening, all mature 
stores, I think it is a good sign that it is sustainable for the coming quarters as 
well. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Fair enough. Fair enough. And from Delhi perspective, sir, the growth is a tad 
lower, right, 7%, 8% SSG, while this cluster particularly should see very high 
SSG, right, just because the maturity of stores is relatively lower. What's your 
expectation from this cluster maybe going into FY '27? What is the kind of 
growth minimum we should see in this cluster? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So if you actually see Delhi would also have an extended cooling product sale, 
which we didn't see this year at the level that we would see in the previous 
year, we would attribute a little SSG growth slowdown to that as well. But 
overall, if you see our contribution in the premium is definitely increasing 
there. The ASPs are going up. The ticket sizes are going up Y-on-Y. And 
especially for the new stores that we opened up are in the major clusters like 
Janakpuri, Pitampura and Golf Course Road. 
 
So I think in Faridabad, we opened a store recently. So the new stores that are 
there actually are more prevalent and more bigger clusters. So the SSG that 
you would see a drop in, especially for older markets like Daryaganj, Karol 
Bagh or in Punjabi Bagh where the market size has not increased much because 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
they are -- there's no new construction in that area. So the market size remains 
muted there, the growth in the market size. So overall, I think if you look at the 
number, it is up by 30%. 
 
But I think in the coming quarters, you'll definitely see a higher growth coming 
in from this region because on a daily level, when we look at the sales, so 
January also did very well for us in that cluster or every weekend that we look 
at the sales from every productive store, it's growing Y-on-Y. So we are quite 
impressed on the growth coming in. But definitely, Delhi would need another 
year or so to stabilize further. And at the same time, a good summer season 
would boost the sales from there on because it would create a huge customer 
base for us during the summer period as well. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So just to better understand, are you indicating that maybe FY '27 would also 
be like a breakeven kind of a year for Delhi market or we will see some kind 
of a profitability...? 
Karan Bajaj: 
We will definitely see a profitable FY '27 in Delhi. But what I was suggesting 
was that if we have a great summer in that region, then you will see a better 
profitable margin for that cluster. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Fair enough. And sir, lastly, I noticed that the inventory levels are about 15 
days higher versus last year. You did mention that you have stocked up for the 
upcoming season, but that would be the case last year as well, right? So I 
wanted to check as in -- because in the channel also, every player would be 
having higher inventory this time around. So any opinion in terms of, say, 
competitive intensity from sale of these cooling products in the upcoming 
season, can that impact our margins to some extent? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So the margins, just to answer your first question, yes, you will definitely see 
an increase in number of days of inventory. But that is in line with what we 
had planned, especially with the television stocks because we picked up a lot 
of television stocks post Diwali as well because the sellout was good, and we 
were seeing, of course, a drop in GST. There was shortage of the stock. 
 
So we had to pick up a little more stocks there. And definitely, yes, we were 
sitting on a higher inventory of air conditioners. But compared to that particular 
quarter in FY '25, we would not see the inventory of ACs at that level. So ACs 
of inventory were lower, but the purchase will start off in January or so. So that 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
is why you would see that number coming in Q4 rather than Q1 for cooling 
products. So this would include a little bit of ACs that were still stuck from the 
summer of Q1FY '25. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Anything on the competitive intensity, sir? Do you foresee there may be some 
extra discounts that we may have to offer to liquidate...? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Really not. That is in line. So whatever -- wherever it is needed to discount, 
especially to liquidate the stocks of ACs that we -- whatever support we got 
additionally from the brands is what was passed on. So we didn't go ahead in 
discounting a lot from our end, 1% here or there in terms of gross margin for 
that product category, but everything else remains intact. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So just to summarize, so FY '27 ideally, if summer goes well, should see return 
of double-digit growth in the business side? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Hopefully. Hopefully. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from PhillipCapital. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Karan, you mentioned that festive saw 25% growth. But ex festive, the growth 
would have been pretty much flat or low single digit. So what happened in ex 
festive days that the growth was so dismal, while in festive, you saw 25% 
growth if I add Q2, Q3 together? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Ankit, firstly, there were 9-10 days of split between Q2 and Q3 in terms of the 
festival sales. Dasara, up to Navaratri and all went up to Q2, whereas beginning 
of Dasara till Diwali was in Q3. And by the first week of November, we were 
done with the season. So post that, November definitely saw a huge drop, 
which we usually see. So there was no surprise to us. But the recovery, which 
was, say, 2 weeks or 3 weeks down of -- slowdown of sales went up to almost 
second week of December. 
 
That's when we started seeing an uptrend coming back again and then the 
Christmas and New Year sales were really fantastic. So that's why that is what 
you would see usually as a trend. But there were no external factors for us to 
push the sales back, especially after the festival period when they grew at 25% 
and the offers were really great. So they were really on the televisions and 
appliances as a category, there were huge discounts, cash back, freebies offers 
from the manufacturers, which ended up by the first week of November, right? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
 
So definitely, you would see a lot of preponed sales also getting booked during 
that period for the offers that were on the floor for the manufacturers. So these 
are normal trends. But I think the recovery was a week later, 10 days later in 
November, December transition and picked up after second week of 
December. That's when we saw the uptrend in all categories pushing up to the 
first week of January. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Karan, but even Q2, Q3 together is just 12% growth, right? And if festive is 
25% growth, that too because of the GST push, which came in. And going 
forward, if summer is just normal and not very harsh, do you think double-digit 
growth rate can come back? 
Karan Bajaj: 
If you look at the trend that is going on right now, there is nothing that is going 
to stop us from that. The market trends that you would have seen for Q1, Q2, 
Q3, FY '25 versus what we anticipate going forward is quite positive than what 
has happened in the past. And if I look at the base on the cooling product 
categories, Feb and March last year was a very normal sale that I would look 
at. 
 
That is very organic that we would do rather than not attributing it to a double-
digit or a higher number of growth because if I break up and give you that 
number, January last year, which is INR38 crores, February was INR104 
crores. March was INR168 crores. So it was around INR340 crores, INR350-
odd crores in quarter 4, which we see that that's going to definitely grow on in 
the quarter 4 this year. 
 
And going forward, April was really bad again, and there was no sale 
practically in May and June again in quarter 1 last year. So I think we're quite 
positive. Same thing with refrigerators or air coolers are practically no -- next 
to 0 in terms of what we would deliver during that period. So we're quite 
optimistic on how the season is going to pan out. But this time, we're a little 
cautious on inventory pile up so that even if the season goes at a double-digit 
growth, we still don't need to suffice the need for high inventory risk that we 
had throughout the FY '25 year. 
Ankit Kedia: 
My second question is on the Delhi market. It's been 3 years for the first six 
stores which we opened, right, or we will complete three years now. When do 
you think would be the right trajectory for us to achieve company level margins 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
from a Delhi market perspective? I'm not looking at the full breakeven because 
obviously, you're continuing to expand stores in the region. But at least the 
earlier stores which we have opened the first 10-2 stores, when do you think 
they can breakeven. 
Karan Bajaj: 
If I look at those numbers, they are quite optimistic and quite positive on the 
throughput that you would expect from them. So I think if you look at -- I think 
if we do this same question at the end of Q1, I think we'll have a better answer 
for this because we'll have a good summer and hoping that Delhi is going to 
have a good summer this year. 
 
Then we'll have a -- we'll understand how the contribution of cooling products 
in Delhi as a market can change the whole year compared to what it happens 
in the southern market. So the throughput is going to be surviving the need for 
a few quarters there. So that is how it's going to be. And hopefully, by Q2 FY 
'27, we should see that numbers going up in terms of profitability from that 
region. 
Ankit Kedia: 
So from a store economics perspective, earlier you had clearly mentioned that 
it takes three years for the store to breakeven, right, and more than that actually 
to achieve company level margins. Now do you think as a unit economics, 
given the competitive intensity and the season change, which is more frequent 
now and dependence on season change is much higher, do you think that unit 
economics doesn't hold true today for the new stores opening? Or you'll still 
stick your neck out and say no in three years for the new stores, we can break 
even or achieve company level margins? 
Karan Bajaj: 
We stick to the same concept and the same numbers. They're still prevalent if 
you look at the numbers. If I break down Delhi in terms of the first 6 to 8 stores 
that we opened up in August '22, they are in line with the same numbers. But 
then the attribution, majorly in Delhi as a region, if you look at, comes at the 
depreciation and interest level because the cost is a little higher because we did 
a lot of capital investment in buying a property there. 
 
But if I look at the store level EBITDA or if I look at the store level 
performance for these stores, the store economics for the set of 8 stores, in fact, 
the other ones that we opened up also are showing up results much sooner than 
expected. So the burn is much lesser. The marketing cost is all divided, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
absorbed between all the stores. So if I look at the revenue going up there, it is 
a matter of the delta coming through, which definitely you will see not only for 
the set of 8 stores, which are 3 years old, but even for the newer ones that we 
recently opened up in the coming quarters. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Karan, I don't know if you answered this question on store opening. I joined 
late. Just wanted to know for this year and for next year, what is the store 
opening guidance we are giving? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So this year -- this quarter, we've ended up opening another 4 more stores. So 
the store count definitely from 219 will -- if I finish making of the stores, this 
summer is usually when we -- if you remember, every 31st or 30th of March, 
every year, we add up at least 7-8 stores. So that is in line. So in case we finish 
making the stores both up north and down south, we will add up another 5 to 6 
stores by the end of March. 
 
That is the plan, probably if not in first week of April, there will be a delay. 
But once the quarter ends, the first quarter ends in FY '27, that's when we plan 
to venture out to a new geography, either could be Odisha could be Western 
UP, and we are evaluating a couple of more areas there up north also. So if 
things work out, we'll definitely -- after the good summer season, we'll 
definitely venture out to a new geography as well. 
Ankit Kedia: 
So this year, the store opening is lower than last year on gross basis also, if not 
net. Is this a conscious call because of summer being poor this year? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Absolutely, absolutely. So we have to make sure that the store count that were 
added last year, we were seeing -- at the same time, see Delhi was a newer 
market for us. So if you look at Delhi, all the new stores have been added. Tier 
3, 4 towns have been added in Telangana, where we were not present. 
Currently, we are all present in the markets that we look at. So, organically, if 
you look at, there are 1-2 markets left in AP and Telangana, where we are 
adding up stores. 
 
And it's not just to increase the store per se, this number, but we have to 
evaluate the market, make sure the markets are big enough. In fact, after a very 
long time, Hyderabad might see another 2 or 3 stores coming up in the next 
couple of quarters. We are looking at areas and peripheries of Hyderabad to 
add up new stores because that is where the market would demand them. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
 
And right now, if you look at the stores which are in pipeline, there will be a 
similar number of stores, but a lot of these stores, especially the stores in Delhi 
took a longer time to finish because of the drop again there, which happens 
every year. So we got delayed with the stores. So if you see Faridabad second 
store and Budh Vihar is what we were able to end up opening up. 
 
But if I look at the pipeline there, again, we have 6 to 7 stores in the pipeline 
in Delhi, which are getting ready, which will open up in the coming times. So 
the overall expansion plan that we had is in line with around, say, 20-odd stores 
that we opened up this year. Another 10 probably will add up in the next couple 
of months. 
 
So I think while making that, there was a delay. But rest, definitely, we were 
cautious after the bad summer that went through. We were cautious not to -- 
otherwise, by now, we would have been into a new geography. And 
automatically, you've seen a much higher addition of store count with a new 
geography as well. 
Ankit Kedia: 
So if the summer is poor this year, the new geography can get delayed further? 
Karan Bajaj: 
No, no, no, irrespective of how the summer pans out, we are ready to expand 
further. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Last year, you delayed. So I'm just thinking that this year, again, could you 
delay if the summer is bad? 
Karan Bajaj: 
No, no. Irrespective of how the summer pans out, we are ready for it. And we 
hope that all of you also pray that the summer goes well because an optimistic 
mindset will definitely change the weather for us. 
Ankit Kedia: 
And from Odisha or Western UP between the 2 clusters, which you would plan 
to add, where do you think is the biggest opportunity and where is the less 
competition for you? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sure, sure. Apart from this, we are definitely evaluating a lot of other regions 
in and around our Southern markets as well as some Western and Eastern 
markets as well. So -- because we have time on hand, we've got one more 
quarter to go. So we are -- because Western UP will be more organic because 
we already have presence in Noida, Greater Noida from there on expanding 
into Western UP is much easier. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
 
But both Odisha and Western UP will not be more than a 10-store count that 
will increase our footprint in the geography. So apart from that, because we'll 
be ready to expand further by quarter 3 next year. So we wanted to make sure 
that we at least enter one more new geography on a newer cluster altogether. 
Ankit Kedia: 
And obviously, they will not be ownership model like we went in Delhi, right? 
Because I don't think they would have such flagship locations we would need 
to invest in that land. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes, exactly, exactly. And most of the market would have lower rentals, longer 
leases available. Until unless there is an opportunity for us, but majority of 
them are going to be -- in fact, in Delhi as well also, if you see now, the 
peripheries, Budh Vihar, we opened Faridabad, one more store, all are around 
rental only that we are trying to open apart from the stores that we've already 
secured, which are under construction, like Saket is under construction, 2 stores 
in Golf Course, 2 stores in Gurgaon are under construction. So those stores will 
take time because we're constructing from scratch. We bought the land out. 
Apart from that, there's no further acquisition up north as well. 
Ankit Kedia: 
My last question, if I may. On the average ticket size, do you think the price 
cuts taken or the discounting given is impacting our SSSG growth overall? Or 
do you think volumes today are good enough for us to sustain the drop or the 
promotions which are being offered by the brand? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Definitely, the volumes are going to have. So more than the value trend, we 
definitely see a very constant volume growth as well across all categories. So 
that is an upside, right? But then as a technology seller that how do you upscale 
your product value as well in case the values remain constant or the values 
keep de-growing. That's what we always keep discussing that we push 
customers to more premium, especially after post GST drop in the televisions. 
 
In Tier 3, 4 town cities, we've seen the penetration of 75 inches and above also 
growing drastically. Front loading going. Front-loading has nothing to do with 
washing machines, also have seen a drastic change from semi-automatic or 
automatic towards front loading. Dishwashers have become prominent, 
dishwashers though the category is small. But since the drop in GST month-
on-month we've seen 100% growth in the category, though the base was very 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
small. But overall, we see a good volume demand setting up across all 
categories. So that is a good positive. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nimish Shah from Fortune Finance. 
Nimish Shah: 
This is Nimish Shah here. I had a question which doesn't relate so much to the 
operations, but just a very quick one. About 18 months back, you had -- or 16 
or 18 months back, you had offloaded -- the family had offloaded equity at 
around INR220-INR230 to SBI and Mirae or some such fund. The stock price 
has not reached that level then for a variety of reasons, and we won't go into 
that. At the price of INR100, don't you think you all should be doing some 
form of creeping acquisition at least for tokenism or for confidence building 
measures for shareholders who stuck on? 
Karan Bajaj: 
I think you have raised the point where we -- not only today, but every month, 
every investor meet, every quarter, CFO, me, the team, Dad, everybody keeps 
discussing it. But I mean, I don't know what is right or what is wrong because 
we get a mixed review on this of giving news out in the market that we would 
be picking up something or continue the same way. So it is always a mixed 
review that we've got. But just to answer your question, personally, I would 
say 65% of the company is still owned by us. So that itself is a good... 
Nimish Shah: 
No, I understand. Sorry for butting in, but I understand where you're coming 
from. I know 65% is a very, very robust and a very, very healthy equity stake. 
So your skin is completely in the game. I'm not taking away anything from 
that. My only question... 
Karan Bajaj: 
If you guarantee me that I put some money on the table tomorrow if it's going 
to help somebody or give out a positive... 
Nimish Shah: 
Yes, yes, 101%. 101% you know... 
Karan Bajaj: 
But when I discuss it with other people, when I discuss that. I mean, like you... 
Nimish Shah: 
No, no. Karan, let's cut this chase. Tell me one thing. How will it harm anybody 
if you buy your own shares, maybe 2 lakh shares or 3 lakh shares at INR100? 
It just gives me confidence that the promote -- I bought at INR225, okay? The 
price has not reached that level. Today, the promoter sold at INR225. Today, 
the price is INR100. Promoter feels that -- if promoter is buying at INR100, so 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
obviously, he sees some value at INR100. It just inspires me to buy more at 
INR100. That's about it. 
Karan Bajaj: 
No, I do agree... 
Nimish Shah: 
This cannot harm. You can reach and ask 100 analysts. I've been in this 
business since 40 years in investment banking at Fortune. So I... 
Karan Bajaj: 
Let me complete, I'll answer your question. I would love to... 
Nimish Shah: 
Please, please, please. Sorry, please go ahead. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sorry to cut you, but let me answer... 
Nimish Shah: 
No, no, no. All yours. 
Karan Bajaj: 
After that, it is a number that we also have lost. So whenever we -- with 4 
quarters in the time, we have discussed this with multiple investors. So usually, 
it is like the promoters -- that's what I also had an intent of picking up 
something, but there's always a confusion statement that I got, that's sure it 
would create a confusion out in the market. 
 
But as you said correctly, if you feel that like you, a lot of other people have 
said, yes, but a lot of other ones that I spoke to also said, no, so I always had a 
mixed review of whether to go ahead with that or not because the money that 
we've raised is still lying with us. It's not that I've invested in 10 other 
companies where I've lost money or doing something else or I've gone to real 
estate. This is the only business that we do. 
 
So the money is lying with us. I can definitely pick up a stake back to give the 
confidence to the market. And if time permits, I will definitely take in -- once 
we finish a couple of more investor rounds -- investor meetings in the coming 
months, I would definitely take a call. And much sooner than that, probably 
before the end of quarter one results, we would definitely have positive views 
on this as well. 
Nimish Shah: 
Yes, it's just a tokenism. It's a confidence building measure... 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes, I get your point. I got your point.  
Nimish Shah: 
Yes. And... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Nothing to do with -- see, it is personal to me, but has nothing to do with what 
the market takes it positive or negative, but it is just a token of appreciation to 
the market that we are still there with you, and we are going to turn things 
around, definitely work harder from where we are today and give a positive 
sign to the market. 
Nimish Shah: 
Absolutely something if the owners of the restaurant also eat here, it will just 
help. If the promoter has taken this amount then what is wrong with that? It's 
just about that. There is nothing else. It won't move the needle if you buy 4 
lakh, 5 lakh shares. That's it. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Definitely, definitely. Point taken on that. 
Nimish Shah: 
And all the best in your endeavors. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Karan Bajaj: 
I would like to thank you all for joining the call. I hope that we were able to 
answer all your questions. And for any further queries, you may get in touch 
with us or our SGA team. We will be happy to address all your queries. Thank 
you once again. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Electronics Mart India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
