OLA ELECTRIC MOBILITY LIMITED 
 CIN - L74999KA2017PLC099619 
(Formerly known as Ola Electric Mobility Private Limited) 
Registered Address: Wing C, Prestige RMZ Startech, Hosur Road, Municipal Ward No.67, Municipal No. 140, Industrial Layout, Koramangala, 
Bengaluru – 560095, Karnataka, India | Landline: 080-35440050 | companysecretary@olaelectric.com | www.olaelectric.com 
February 18, 2026 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Address: Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051, 
Maharashtra, India.   
To,  
BSE Limited  
Address: Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street Mumbai- 400001,  
Maharashtra, India.  
NSE Scrip Symbol: OLAELEC 
BSE Scrip Code: 544225 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on February 13, 2026, for the Unaudited 
Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the Quarter ended December 31, 2025. 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call with analysts and investors held on Friday, 
February 13, 2026, in respect of the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the 
quarter ended December 31, 2025. 
The above intimation will also be hosted on the website of the Company i.e., www.olaelectric.com. 
We request you to take the above on your record. 
Thanking You,  
For Ola Electric Mobility Limited 
Abhishek Jain 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A62027 
Place: Bengaluru 
Encl: As above 
ABHISHEK 
JAIN
Digitally signed by 
ABHISHEK JAIN 
Date: 2026.02.18 
23:05:05 +05'30'

Ola Electric Mobility Limited
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call
February 13th, 2026
Management:
Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Founder, Chairman and Managing Director,
Ola Electric Mobility Limited
Mr. Deepak Rastogi - Chief Financial Oﬃcer,
Ola Electric Mobility Limited
Mr. Abhishek Chauhan - Director, Corporate Communications & PR,
Ola Electric Mobility Limited

   
 
Ola Electric Mobility Limited 
February 13, 2026 
1 
 
- 
Moderator: 
 
- 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ola Electric Q3 FY26 earnings 
conference call. As a reminder, all participants will be on the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. Before we begin, a few quick 
announcements for the attendees. Anything said on this call which reflects our 
outlook for the future or which could be construed as a forward-looking statement 
may involve risks and uncertainties. Such statements or comments are not guarantees 
of our future performance and actual results may differ from those statements. 
 
- 
To begin with, I would like to request Bhavish Aggarwal, Chairman and Managing 
Director of Ola Electric to begin the conference.  
 
- 
Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- 
Good evening everybody. It's a Friday evening but thank you so much for joining us. 
Actually, I want to start by introducing our new CFO Deepak Rastogi. He is also on the 
call with me. Welcome, Deepak, to the company. The news was made public about a 
month back. Deepak, I'll request you to make some opening remarks and then we will 
open it up to Q&A. Looking forward to the interaction today.  
 
- 
Mr. Deepak Rastogi - Chief Financial Officer, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- 
Thank you, Bhavish. Good evening everyone and thank you for joining us for this call. 
So let me start with Q3. Q3, this quarter marks a structural reset for Ola Electric. As EV 
penetration growth slows down and we identified gaps in service execution, we made 
a deliberate choice to realign our retail footprint, cost structure and operating model 
to a sustainable steady state. We chose to fix the fundamentals rather than optimize 
for short-term volume. The result is a structurally lower breakeven business with 
significantly improved operating leverage.  
 
- 
Now let me start with the key numbers. For Q3, we delivered ₹470 crores of 
consolidated revenue. This is the highest ever gross margin, consolidated gross margin 
we have achieved, which is at 34.3%, which is 16% points higher on a year-on-year 
basis and 3.4% points higher Q-on-Q. We have also delivered 32,680 deliveries during 
this quarter and we have produced ~72,500 cells. The performance reflects the 
strength of our vertically integrated model, Gen 3 platform economics and disciplined 
execution. We continue to see gross margins stabilizing in the range of 35% to 40% 
during the financial year 26-27. Over the last few years, we have invested 
approximately ₹5,300 crores across manufacturing, battery innovation and R&D. This 
has created full vertical integration across motors, batteries, cells, electronics, and 
software along with scalable manufacturing infrastructure and a strong product 
roadmap. The heavy Capex phase, which we have been investing so far, is behind us 
now. Our current footprint supports 1 million vehicles and 6 gigawatt hour of cell 
capacity and the focus now shifts to scaling into this capacity.  
 

   
 
Ola Electric Mobility Limited 
February 13, 2026 
2 
 
- 
Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- 
Actually Deepak, I want to highlight this point for everybody that the company has 
been in investment phase since pretty much the inception about 4-5 years ago and we 
have created capacity and this is covered in our shareholders letter in detail, about a 
million units a year in the automotive side and by March, which is next month, about 
6 gigawatt hour will be installed. So now after that, our Capex cycle finishes and there 
will be no new Capex requirement until we grow into that and the revenue potential 
is about ₹15,000 to ₹20,000 crores. And on gross margins, like you said, for the last 
few quarters, we have been guiding or forecasting that we will get to the 35% range 
and this quarter is more or less there. This also actually has been possible because of 
this vertically integrated business model of ours. The benefit in gross margin that we 
are seeing today is because of the step-by-step investments that we have been doing 
in Capex and R&D for the last 2-3 years. And we still see through FY27, this gross 
margin going between that 35% to 40% range. And just for context for everybody, this 
is much higher than even ICE industry where the gross margins are typically around 
high 20s or 30%. So this has been a meaningful advantage and even on our capital 
investments, if you see in the shareholders letter, we actually give you a comparison 
between us and others. 
 
- 
There is no other Indian OEM who has invested this much into pure EV-centric 
technologies and EV-centric manufacturing. And this is a very important strength of 
ours and the good news is that the capital cycle is now, investment cycle is now largely 
behind. Now onwards, like Deepak mentioned, we are focused on doubling down into 
growing into this. And we will also cover, Deepak will cover and I will also give some 
commentary on the service challenges faced, which we want to be very clear and 
acknowledge that and then how sales recovery we see happening.  
 
- 
Mr. Deepak Rastogi  - Chief Financial Officer, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- 
Thank you so much, Bhavish. So as Bhavish mentioned, you know, on services, we 
acknowledge that execution gaps impact brand trust among prospective customers. 
However, this is a service scale issue and not a product quality issue. Independent 
survey indicates over 90% product satisfaction. And that is expected, to result in the 
warranty provisions for the current financial year are expected in a range of 2-3%, 
which is among the lowest in the Indian EV industry. Through our hyper service 
initiative, we have redesigned parts availability, expanded technician trainings, 
strengthened governance and deployed AI automation. As a result, service backlogs 
have reduced nearly 50% from 14 days to around 7-8 days now, and we are now 
completing 80% of service tickets on the same day. As service metrics stabilize, we 
expect our underlying strength to reassert itself. 
 
- 
Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- 
I think on this topic also, Deepak, like you mentioned, many times we get asked, is 
there an issue in your product or in your service? And then firstly, like Deepak said, we 
do have a service challenge which we are working through that has impacted brand 

   
 
Ola Electric Mobility Limited 
February 13, 2026 
3 
 
trust and hence sales are down in the last couple of quarters. But the good news is 
that, firstly, we have improved our service operations meaningfully in the last 3-4 
months or so. Deepak mentioned the numbers. But more importantly, our engineering 
and product strength is very meaningfully real and much better than our competition. 
Most customers, when I meet them across stores and when I travel, they say, “Your 
product is very good. We want to buy your product. But please improve your service 
accessibility and service turnaround times.” That's what we've been focused on. And 
like Deepak mentioned, one of the things we've been telling the street is that, the way 
to assess product quality between us and competition is to just look at the warranty 
costs. 
 
- 
Now, for our Gen 1 platform, because that was the first platform we had, was higher 
than industry averages. But now, actually, we are much better than our Indian OEM 
peers and actually in line with global benchmarks in terms of what kind of repeat rates 
or what kind of failure rates or warranty costs we are having to take in our P&L. And 
in the shareholders' data, you'll see that at about 2-3%. 
 
- 
So the headline here is, yes, there's a service challenge. We are fixing it. We are fixing 
it and it's meaningfully improving. We do have some journey to cover and brand trust 
will take its time to recover. But as a result of our cost improvements and the 
structural operational model improvements, we've actually been able to create 
enough headroom and a lower breakeven point. So as we improve our service and as 
sales recover, we will see a faster roadmap to profitability. 
 
- 
Mr. Deepak Rastogi  - Chief Financial Officer, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- 
Thank you, Bhavish. So during this quarter, we have executed a comprehensive 
operating model reset. Consolidated quarterly OPECs, including leases, reduced from 
₹840 crores at peak expansion to ₹484 crores during this Q3 and we expect steady 
state between, give or take ₹250 to ₹300 crores over the next couple of quarters. At 
this level, our EBITDA breakeven reduces to approximately 15,000 units per month, 
with 85% or 90% of OPEX being fixed cost, which means we would have to just put in 
some incremental fixed cost, when we actually grow our business over time, which 
actually will drive a very, very strong margin through this.  
 
- 
Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- 
Before that, Deepak, one more thing I want to just bring to everybody's notice is in 
the shareholders letter, page 5. We have given a very clear roadmap for sales recovery 
and growth. And basically it's three themes. First, we have to fix our service and 
rebuild the brand trust with that, which the company is in the middle of doing. It will 
take us another quarter or so to fully institutionalize service. And this time, what we 
have done is, really taken the foundational building approach to fixing the front end 
operational challenges that we faced. And we are seeing good results in that, in terms 
of service improvement as well as cost structure improvements. So the roadmap to 
recovery is fixing service. That will actually let the product advantage shine. And I want 
to highlight a very interesting chart that we've put in here for all of you on page 6, 

   
 
Ola Electric Mobility Limited 
February 13, 2026 
4 
 
which is actually the, you know, I'm sure when you guys also do your channel checks 
and all, you'll see the customer, fundamentally a two-wheeler customer wants range 
in his product. And our products deliver the best range by far in the industry. And you 
can see there, a chart where our range to price index. And this is real range, not 
certified range. Our real range to price index is almost 50 percent higher than 
competition. It's a very meaningful benefit that our product has, which the customer 
acknowledges. Our existing customers definitely acknowledge it, but the prospective 
customers who are holding back due to the brand noise around service, once that goes 
away, they will also start acknowledging it.  
 
- 
Another important thing is, we have the largest customer base in the industry, given 
the fact that, you know, till date, whatever number of two-wheeler EVs have been 
sold, almost 30 percent are actually Ola vehicles. So 11 lakh customers use Ola, and 
they actually have always referred us well. And as service improves, we are very 
confident that they will start referencing Ola again.  
 
- 
Another important point, which Deepak mentioned, is the structural cost reset that 
we have done and you see that in Page 7. You know, about a year ago, our cost, Opex 
cost, was about ₹850 crores. And, you know, one of the feedback we took on the street 
was that because we were talking about segmented financials earlier, it confused the 
street. So this time what we've done is actually, focused all our commentary on 
consolidated financials, while we give segmented financials to the public for 
transparency. So all the numbers we talk about here are consolidated financials, which 
means even with the Gigafactory ramp, these costs are actually under control.  
 
- 
And the second thing is, since our business model in the front end is a fully company-
owned model, we've added lease expenses to our operational expenses in the 
commentary. So one year ago, it was about ₹844 crores. And now with our cost actions 
in Q3, we are reporting ₹484 crores. But we've taken a lot of cost actions in Q3, which 
is in a couple of quarters going to take us to about a ₹250-300 crores level in terms of 
Opex. So a very meaningful improvement. Now, this is a large change. And like Deepak 
said, a large part of it is actually fixed in nature. So as we increase volumes back up to 
the 20,000, 30,000 levels, the cost will not increase linearly. That variable cost is only 
10-15 percent. So what this does is actually, in a period where the industry penetration 
is growing slowly and where we've had our own service challenges, it actually lowers 
the threshold of breakeven and arrests the cash burn in the short term. But also as we 
improve ourselves, it gives us very strong operating leverage as we come back in our 
volumes.  
 
- 
Mr. Deepak Rastogi  - Chief Financial Officer, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- 
Finally, on the Gigafactory, Q3 marked the key milestone wherein we doubled the cell 
production to ~72,500 cells, achieved the first commercial deployment in-house, 4680 
Bharat cells and launched Ola Shakti. We are currently at 2.5 gigawatt hour install 
capacity, scaling to 6 gigawatt hour by March 2026. This positions us uniquely as the 
only Indian company to operationalize a scaled Gigafactory and strengthen a long 
term cost and integration advantage.  

   
 
Ola Electric Mobility Limited 
February 13, 2026 
5 
 
 
- 
Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- 
I'm just going to add a little bit, Deepak, on the Gigafactory. So the Gigafactory, you 
know, we are the only Indian company, I want to underline that and write that in bold 
letters, only Indian company to have operationalized the Gigafactory. And actually 
outside of China, one of the very few companies which have operationalized the 
Gigafactory. And it actually highlights the company's strong capabilities, talent and 
execution strength as far as manufacturing and R&D go. And the Gigafactory is 
ramping up and this quarter was a highlight because we put ourselves into commercial 
production in this quarter. Before that, it was all pilot production. This quarter Q3 was 
into commercial production. We gave our customers vehicles with the 4680 Bharat 
cell and the feedback has been quite amazing. 
 
- 
And like I mentioned in the past, the range benefit that customers want, our 4680 cell 
enhances that meaningfully. And you cannot deliver the range that people want 
without this level of a cell. And in addition, 4680 is not the end of it. In fact, it's the 
start of it. We give on page 9 a roadmap of our cell technology where we go from, in 
the next 12 to 24 months, 4680 goes to 4600 goes to 46120. Each next generation of 
cell actually gets us more energy density and more fast charging performance. 
 
- 
And, you know, this is a kind of a technology R&D loop that we've already proven with 
our automotive business where over three generations, our gross margins went up 
from 10 percent to 35 percent now and our product quality improved meaningfully. 
Similarly, on the cell, this will have a similar journey on gross margins as well as 
manufacturing scale and hence competitive advantage. 
 
- 
So this is something which we believe is going to be a very significant lever for strategic 
strength as well as optionality in revenue in the future. I'm sure everybody is following 
how globally the energy storage industry is also growing. And the Gigafactory for us is 
going to obviously feed our own auto business, but also really get revenue and growth 
into this energy storage opportunity, both in India and globally. 
 
- 
That's the future optionality. And the first product we launched there was Shakti. 
Shakti has gotten a very good response. We are ramping it up in a step by step way as 
the Gigafactory ramps up. But this really improves the kind of optionality and I 
personally believe the energy storage business globally and even in India is going to 
be a much bigger business than automotive. Although automotive is our current focus 
and our focus is to stabilize that business by solving the service challenges and by 
getting back into sales growth. But the Gigafactory, from the foundation of this 
company was a very core part of our vision to both build strategic control and margins 
in automotive, but as well as really grow into the larger energy storage opportunity.  
 
- Mr. Deepak Rastogi - Chief Financial Officer, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- To conclude, Q3 was about strengthening the foundation, restoring service execution, 
resetting cost, deepening vertical integration and advancing our self-strategy. The 

   
 
Ola Electric Mobility Limited 
February 13, 2026 
6 
 
heavy build phase is behind us with a structurally lower breakeven and embedded 
operating leverage. We are well positioned to enter the next phase of growth with 
significantly improved economics. 
 
- Thank you so much and I look forward to your questions now.  
 
- Moderator: 
 
- Thank you, Bhavish, and thank you, Deepak. We will now begin the question and 
answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may use the ‘Raise hand’ option. 
If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press the raise hand 
option once again. Participants are requested to unmute themselves before asking the 
question. Before asking the question, we request you to introduce yourself with your 
full name and organization. 
 
- Now, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
 
- Thank you, everyone. We will now take the first question from Mr. Arvind Sharma of 
Citi. Please unmute yourself and ask a question. Mr. Arvind Sharma, you may ask the 
question now.  
 
- Mr. Arvind Sharma - Citi: 
 
- Yeah, hi. Hi. Can you hear me?  
 
- Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- Yes, Arvind.  
 
- Mr. Arvind Sharma - Citi: 
 
- Hi. Hi, everyone. Thank you for taking my question. The first one would be more on 
your aspirations for the sales. The production you said has been around 32,600 
deliveries and 15,000 is a break even. Given the enablers on the sales part, by when 
do you think that Ola would be closer to this breakeven at least?  
 
- Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- Arvind, we will not be giving a time target of when we will get to either 15,000 a month 
or higher. But I want to say that we acknowledge the service challenges, we have to 
solve them, brand trust will take some time to recover. But the inherent strengths of 
the company in manufacturing, R&D and product are very well intact and they are so 
far ahead of competition that I don't feel it's so easy for anybody to catch up. So, in 
that sense, we don't worry about short-term market share. We are fixing the service 
challenges in a very structural institutional way. It will take some time but I do hope 
to give you guys some positive news. 
 

   
 
Ola Electric Mobility Limited 
February 13, 2026 
7 
 
- Actually, you don't even need to wait for the quarter. Sales numbers of our vehicle, 
you can track every week. I'm sure you guys do. So, we are seeing that goodness in 
regional sales metrics where we have solved service challenges more deeply. Like, for 
example, in the South, etc., maybe in some markets in the North, we see volumes have 
improved almost 2X-3X in some markets wherever we have more meaningfully solved 
service challenges. So, we expect that to play out across the country as over the next 
few months we more meaningfully solve some of these challenges. 
 
- Mr. Arvind Sharma - Citi: 
 
- All right, thanks, Bhavish. The second question would be more on the accounting 
thing. There was a fairly sharp increase in the employee cost this quarter, even if one 
was to adjust for the one-off expenses, and from 550 million going to almost 920 
million, what do you attribute this to because last quarter you had said that it would 
structurally be going down given the optimization efforts that you have undertaken? 
It kind of nullifies the gross margin expansion at the EBITDA level. 
 
- Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- No. See, the one-off employee costs will be largely linked to the exits. Like I said, we 
have done a lot of this cost actions in this quarter and those costs are front-loading 
and the scale of those cost actions actually you will start seeing in the OpEx benefit in 
the coming quarter. 
 
- Deepak, do you want to add to that?  
 
- Mr. Deepak Rastogi - Chief Financial Officer, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- No, I think, Arvind, I will take this question offline because we do not see the way you 
are looking at the data right now. So, we can take this question offline and then 
obviously resolve the query, if there are any, which are basically there.  
 
- Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- Because if anything, it will be linked to this one-time thing. But I also don't see the 
data like that.  
 
- Mr. Arvind Sharma - Citi: 
 
- Sure, Sir. Just one final question. Just a statement that you made that Ola is past the 
big CapEx part. On the cell part, you are still expanding beyond 6 gigawatt hour, right? 
The one goal that you told about last time, that still remains?  
 
- Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- See, Arvind, we have a PLI allocation of 20 gigawatt hour.  
 

   
 
Ola Electric Mobility Limited 
February 13, 2026 
8 
 
- Mr. Arvind Sharma - Citi: 
 
- Correct. 
 
- Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- Our Phase-1 in that was 5 gigawatt hour, which will be done with this. Now, as you 
know, we are the only guy in the PLI scheme who has done anything, the other guys 
have not done anything. So, we are in talks with the government to either elongate 
the timelines of the PLI or if we need to do anything, we will think of capital in that 
case separately. But, hence, for our business priorities, we don't expect any more 
gigafactory expansion as far as the current roadmap goes.  
 
- Mr. Arvind Sharma - Citi: 
 
- So, this would be enough to cater to both the automotive as well as the BESS needs?  
 
- Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- Yeah. Just as a rule of thumb, Arvind, 6 gigawatt hour installed capacity means, let's 
say, practically you can get 5 out of it with the yields, etc. So, 5 gigawatt hour, if each 
product takes 3.5-4 kilowatt hour, that's about 1.2 million products. So, between our 
Shakti business and our Auto business, that's the headroom we have in our own 
gigafactory.  
 
- Mr. Arvind Sharma - Citi: 
 
- Got it, Sir. Thank you so much for taking my question, that's all from my side. Thanks.  
 
- Moderator: 
 
- Thank you. We'll take the next question from Mr. Ishan Bhargava of Bank of America. 
You may unmute yourself and please ask your question.  
 
- Mr. Eshan Bhargava - Bank of America: 
 
- Yeah, thank you for taking my question. The first one is more fundamental in nature. 
The EV industry has plateaued around 6%-7% adoption for a while now. As you've 
addressed in your Shareholder letter as well, the industry is entering a more mature 
phase now. So, what, in your opinion, would trigger this next leg of growth ahead?  
 
- Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- Eshan, see, firstly, like any technology adoption industry, and EV is a technology 
adoption industry, there is actually this notion very well established in the valley called 
the ‘Crossing the Chasm’ in terms of market adoption. I'm sure some of you analysts 
would have read the book there. So, basically what happens is, the early adopters 

   
 
Ola Electric Mobility Limited 
February 13, 2026 
9 
 
adopt and then the followers need more education and more stability in terms of 
product experiences to adopt. It's exactly what happened in the EV industry. We have 
been focused on penetration. The incumbent players don't really focus on 
penetration, they focus on just having a product just to play in the industry. So, as we 
have in the last few quarters focused on our own operational view, focus of service, 
we've not communicated in a very meaningful way the benefits of EV to the customer. 
The reality is the benefits of EV are very strong. OpEx savings, 90% lower cost of 
operations and for the 2-wheeler customer that matters in a meaningful way. So, this 
next level of a customer, which is a follower customer, needs more education and 
marketing of that. And you'll see the company, you'll see us do some meaningful steps 
in that direction very soon. 
 
- Mr. Eshan Bhargava - Bank of America: 
 
- Got that, thanks for that. Secondly, last quarter we had guided for OpEx stabilizing to 
around ₹350 crores by Q1 FY27, while now our target is more aggressive at around 
₹250-₹300 crores in the same time horizon. So, presuming that the structural drivers 
that are highlighted in the letter have been placed for a while, our OpEx has been 
range-bound over the last 3 quarters between ₹470-₹500 crores. What particular 
measures provide us the confidence that we can attain this revised and more 
aggressive reduced OpEx within the next 2 quarters?  
 
- Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- So, Eshan, the actions that we've taken are written there, so I'll not go over that again. 
But a lot of those actions have been taken towards the end of Q2 and Q3. So, in that 
direction these two quarters have some of these one-off costs, so you don't see the 
clean cost structure yet. You'll start seeing it in Q4 and you'll see more of it in Q1. 
 
- What we've also done is, in this last quarter and including in the last month, January 
and February, we've really gone deep into some structural changes across the board 
so that our operating leverage potential improves. So, you'll see that all things play 
out. I don't want to jump the gun here and give you too many micro details or give 
you any very sharp numbers for the coming quarter. 
 
- But I also want to highlight, Eshan, I think the last one you were referencing was only 
the Auto segment, right, whereas now what we're seeing is actually consolidated. So, 
we've been able to now scale our gigafactory with a much lower cost, we've been able 
to optimize the productivity in the field of our service technicians, we've been able to 
optimize some of the corporate costs, we've used a lot of AI in our back office 
processes to really optimize the cost structure there. So, all of these things have 
actually converged at this time. Because, like I said in the beginning, we've used these 
operational challenges as an opportunity to really optimize the business model and 
position it right for the next phase of growth so that we hit profitability faster and the 
cash generation happens after that. 
 
- Deepak, do you want to add anything to that?  

   
 
Ola Electric Mobility Limited 
February 13, 2026 
10 
 
 
- Mr. Deepak Rastogi - Chief Financial Officer, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- No, I just wanted to just say that we are very confident of achieving these numbers. 
That's all I can tell you.  
 
- Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- If I can add, we've already done all the actions.  
 
- Mr. Deepak Rastogi - Chief Financial Officer, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- Yes. 
 
- Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- Deepak, now you just have to count the numbers.  
 
- Mr. Deepak Rastogi - Chief Financial Officer, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- Yes. So, Ishan, we are on course to deliver this. 
 
- Mr. Eshan Bhargava - Bank of America: 
 
- Got that. Those were my questions, thanks for taking.  
 
- Moderator: 
 
- Thank you, Ishan. We'll take the next question from Mr. Arun Kejriwal of Kejriwal 
Research & Investment Services. Sir, you may unmute yourself and ask questions. 
 
- Mr. Arun Kejriwal - Kejriwal Research & Investment Services: 
 
- Thanks, Bhavish. During our last interaction, youinformed how the company would 
lower its breakeven point through a calibrated mix of cost rationalization, improved 
operational efficiencies and resource optimization. With Ola now positioned as a lean 
and agile manufacturing hub for E2Ws and cells, how do you plan to leverage these 
structural efficiencies to further strengthen financial performance, enhance margins 
and drive long-term shareholder value creation?  
 
- Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- Arun Sir, good question. I think the fundamental answer is what's covered in the letter 
that because we are a vertically integrated operations, both on the backend and the 
front end, and our backend, which is the manufacturing and R&D and supply chain, is 
so efficient because for the last 4-5 years we've been hammering away at it and we 
have three generations of our platform, we have 2 factories built out. So, the benefit 

   
 
Ola Electric Mobility Limited 
February 13, 2026 
11 
 
of that vertical integration is already seen in our gross margins and even in our OpEx, 
which is not as transparent to the street but are operating costs. So, basically, the cost 
to manufacture per unit of our vehicle or, let's say our Shakti product, is actually fairly 
low and maybe in the future we will talk more about that. 
 
- Same we are doing on the front end now because it's all company-owned. The 
efficiencies we can drive on repair per technician, sales per executive, sales per square 
feet, sales per store is fairly high. Now, in the last one year we had expanded our stores 
to 2,000 plus but we've now come back to the same level of stores as we were in the 
first couple of quarters post-IPO, about a year or so back. And that is where largely the 
EV industry is and where we were also fairly deep in penetration. So, we do expect a 
higher operating leverage even on the frontend of the business model. 
 
- Now, the way this plays out is, if you look at our gross margin today, per product our 
gross margin is almost ₹50,000 rupees per product. And, hence, breakeven is close to 
about 15,000 units on a consolidated EBITDA. And this consolidated EBITDA includes 
all lease costs, there is nothing below this now. So, we've started reporting adjusted 
EBITDA, which is actually adjusted for adding lease costs into the operational expenses 
so that the street can get a very clear, fully loaded operating profitability lens. 
 
- And at that level, we feel very confident of breaking even in this 15,000 odd volume 
level. Obviously, the focus is on the company to quickly get there by rebuilding service 
and brand trust and letting the product benefit shine in the customer, which already 
is there. It's there in the customer sentiment as well as in the product reality.  
 
- Mr. Arun Kejriwal - Kejriwal Research & Investment Services: 
 
- So, Bhavish, thanks for that really detailed answer. Just one small thing. Anything that 
keeps you worried?  
 
- Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal - Chairman and Managing Director, Ola Electric Mobility Ltd.: 
 
- You know, we have done a lot of good things in this company. We have built a lot of 
strengths, which is not going to be easy for industry to catch up on. So, you know, our 
competitive positioning is not really of concern or a risk to us. Today, the numbers are 
low but that is because of the fundamental loop of delivering good service and, hence, 
letting the product shine. 
 
- So, the whole company, the leadership, me, we are super sharp focused on the 
consumer, on making sure we raise our service and quality and service quality levels 
for the customer so that, you know, the honest truth of the product can shine through.  
 
- Mr. Arun Kejriwal - Kejriwal Research & Investment Services: 
 
- Thanks, Bhavish, for taking my questions.  
 
- Moderator: 

   
 
Ola Electric Mobility Limited 
February 13, 2026 
12 
 
 
- We'll take the next question from Mr. Chandramouli Muthiah of Goldman Sachs. You 
may unmute yourself and ask your question.  
 
- Mr. Chandramouli Muthiah - Goldman Sachs: 
 
- Sorry, no, I don't think I raised my hand. Sorry, I'll just step back into the queue. 
 
- Moderator: 
 
- Okay. We'll take the next question from Ms. Gayatri. You may unmute yourself and 
ask the question. Ms. Gayatri, you may unmute yourself and ask your question. 
 
- If there are any final questions, we'll wait for that. If not, then we'll conclude the 
meeting post that. 
 
- Participant: 
 
- Hello? Am I audible? Hello? Hello? 
 
- Moderator: 
 
- Hello, we can hear you properly but due to a shortage of time we have to conclude 
the meeting now. We appreciate your time and all of your questions during the call 
today. Thank you so much for joining us and we look forward to meeting you all during 
our next Earnings conference. Thank you for joining us. You may logout from the 
conference call now. Thank you. 
 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
