BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                       
 
 
 
Registered Oﬃce: BSE Limited, Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001, India. T: +91 22 2272 1234/33 | E: corp.comm@bseindia.com 
www.bseindia.com | Corporate Identity Number : L67120MH2005PLC155188 
 
 
 
BSE - PUBLIC 
February 13, 2026 
 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Symbol: BSE   
 
 
 
 
 
                          ISIN: INE118H01025 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on February 9, 2026. 
 
 
Dear Madam/Sir, 
 
With reference to our letter dated February 2, 2026, intimating about the results conference call 
with Analysts/Investors held on February 9, 2026, please find attached transcript of the aforesaid 
conference call. 
 
This intimation will also be available on the website of the Company: www.bseindia.com 
 
This is for your information & record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For BSE Limited 
 
 
 
Vishal Bhat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS- 41136 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
Vishal 
Kamalaksha 
Bhat
Digitally signed by 
Vishal Kamalaksha 
Bhat 
Date: 2026.02.13 
17:39:17 +05'30'

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
BSE LIMITED 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
February 9, 2026 
BSE LIMITED 
25th Floor, P.J. Tower, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
1 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to BSE Limited Q3 FY '26 Investor Conference Call. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Sethuraman from BSE Limited. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Anand Sethuraman: 
 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you so much, Danish. A warm welcome to all of you for participating 
in Q3 FY 2026 earnings call for BSE. My name is Anand, and I'll be the host for the call. Today we are 
joined by BSE's leadership team consisting of Mr. Sundararaman Ramamurthy - Managing Director and 
CEO; Mr. Deepak Goel - Chief Financial Officer; Smt. Kamala K -  Chief Regulatory Officer; Mr. Sunil 
Ramrakhiani - Chief Business Officer; Mr. Viral Davda - Chief Technology Officer; Smt. Radha 
Kirthivasan - Head of Listing and SME; Mr. Rudresh Kunde -  Chief of Product Strategy and Policy; Smt. 
Vaisshali Babu -  MD and CEO of ICCL. Also present here are senior members of our business, finance, 
and investor relations team. The results for the quarter ended 31st December 2025 have been 
announced, and the data pack consisting of financials and investor presentation is available on the BSE 
website. We will begin today's call with remarks from BSE's MD and CEO on the business and financial 
performance. All participant lines will be muted for the duration of the call. There will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the management remarks. Please note that some of the remarks made 
today may be forward-looking in nature and are subject to risks and uncertainties. The company does 
not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. With this, I would now like to invite 
BSE MD and CEO to share his views. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Thank you, Anand. Good evening, everybody, and a warm welcome to all of our esteemed stakeholders 
for joining the call today to discuss Q3 FY 2026 earnings. Warm wishes for the New Year to all of you. 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
2 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Let me first talk a little bit about the macroeconomic environment. The global landscape has become 
more volatile with geopolitical tensions, trade and tariff uncertainties have weighed on global investor 
confidence. We have seen unprecedented movement of gold and silver prices and outflows from India 
by FPIs. However, the Indian economy continues to demonstrate strong and stable growth with the year 
starting on a good note. I take this opportunity to congratulate Honourable Prime Minister Narendra Modi 
ji for successful agreement of the trade deal with the United States. Together with the trade deals with 
EU and UK announced earlier, the move to progressively lower tariffs and non-tariff barriers has the 
potential to enhance market access, boost trade, and enable deeper strategic collaboration while 
further strengthening India's position as a trusted partner. This will enhance the global competitiveness 
of Indian products while catalyzing manufacturing growth, employment creation, and the development 
of resilient supply chains, directly advancing the vision of Viksit Bharat which bodes well for the Indian 
capital markets. I also congratulate Honourable Finance Minister Shrimati Nirmala Sitharaman ji for her 
ninth consecutive budget, articulating a clear shift towards ecosystem-driven industrial strategy and 
long-term capital formation. For capital markets, the budget offers a blend of structural reforms, 
liquidity-enhancing measures, and regulatory fine-tuning aimed at shaping deeper, more resilient 
financial architecture. By expanding foreign investor limits, strengthening the corporate bond 
framework, and maintaining fiscal discipline, the budget enhances liquidity and broadens participation. 
The STT adjustments also appear to be realigning investor focus towards long-term equity investments 
and healthier market liquidity. Additionally, the rationalization of the buyback tax removes distortion that 
previously encouraged tax arbitrage. 
Moving to Indian capital markets, the defining feature of 2025 was the composition of capital flows, not 
their absolute size. When Foreign Portfolio Investors retreated during 2025’s geopolitical turbulence, 
India's Domestic Institutional Investors, comprising of mutual funds, insurance companies, banks, and 
others deployed Rs.7 lakh crores during the calendar year, representing a 33% increase from Rs.5.25 
lakh crores in 2024. This represented a fundamental change in market microstructure. The year 
demonstrated that domestic capital could manage foreign outflows without systemic disruption. 
Equally encouraging is the unwavering commitment of India's retail investors. SIP flows touched a 
record high of Rs. 3.34 lakh crores in 2025 from Rs. 2.68 lakh crores in 2024, reaching new all-time 
levels and reinforcing the deepening culture of disciplined long-term investing across the country. 
Against this backdrop, I am pleased to share that BSE delivered its 11th consecutive quarter of record 
revenue with consolidated revenues of Rs. 1,334 crores, surpassing the previous quarter’s record of Rs. 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
3 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
1,139 crores and marking a robust 62% year-on-year expansion. Moreover, with cumulative revenues 
reaching Rs. 3,518 crores during the first nine months of the current financial year, BSE has already 
exceeded the total top line of Rs. 3,236 crores recorded for the entire previous fiscal, underscoring the 
strong and sustained growth momentum across its business segments. 
I will now share some of the key financial numbers on a consolidated basis for the quarter ended 
December 31, 2025 as compared to the corresponding quarter previous year.  
BSE's operational revenues have grown by 62% to Rs. 1,244 crores from Rs. 768 crores. Transaction 
charges, comprising revenues from the equity cash, equity derivatives, mutual fund, and clearing house 
segments have registered a substantial increase of 86%, rising to Rs. 953 crores from Rs. 511 crores, 
reflecting robust growth in core trading and settlement-related activities. Other operating income, which 
includes enhanced data dissemination fees, colocation, index services, have increased by 56% to Rs. 
92 crores from Rs. 59 crores. Income from investments has increased by 47% to Rs. 84 crores from Rs. 
57 crores. Operating expenses increased by 40% to Rs. 511 crores from Rs. 364 crores. It may be noted 
that 51% of the total operating expenses are attributable to regulatory fees and clearing and settlement 
expenses, all of which is directly correlated to increasing transaction volumes. The operating EBITDA 
including contribution to core SGF has more than tripled to Rs. 732 crores as compared to Rs. 236 
crores with margins expanding to 59% from 39%. The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the 
company has demonstrated a significant acceleration, more than doubling to Rs. 602 crores from Rs. 
220 crores, representing a robust year-on-year growth of 176%. 
This marked improvement across both top line and bottom-line performance underscores the 
company’s enhanced operational resilience, disciplined execution, and sustained financial momentum. 
The continuation of this trajectory further reflects the breadth and depth of participant engagement 
across our platforms, the effectiveness of our strategically aligned initiatives, and the progressively 
increasing confidence that India's capital market ecosystem continues to repose in BSE. 
As highlighted in our previous earnings calls, the SGF contributions recorded during the quarter reflect 
the implementation of BSE’s revised policy whereby 5% of transaction-linked revenue is allocated to 
the Core Settlement Guarantee Fund on a monthly basis. The policy framework incorporates an upper 
limit mechanism to ensure prudent capital management while simultaneously maintaining robust and 
adequate risk coverage. As of Jan 2026, BSE’s core SGF balance stood at Rs. 1,202 crores, inclusive of 
an incremental contribution of Rs. 45.6 crores made during the quarter arising from the application of 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
4 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
this new policy. Furthermore, employee expenses for the period increased by Rs. 22 crores primarily 
attributable to the enactment of Government of India's new Labor Codes notified on November 21, 
2025, which introduced a standardized wage definition and revised regulatory provisions relating to 
gratuity, leave encashment, and other employee benefit obligations. 
Let me now highlight a few of the many business milestones in Q3 FY 2026.  
BSE's SME platform achieved a significant milestone with the successful listing of its 700th SME 
company on February 1, 2026. The pace of listings has accelerated meaningfully with the most recent 
tranche of 100 companies added within a span of just 179 days, marking the shortest interval recorded 
to date. Collectively, these 700 SMEs have mobilized Rs. 14,735 crores in capital and together represent 
a cumulative market capitalization of approximately Rs. 1.8 lakh crores, reflecting the platform’s 
growing depth, scale, and relevance within India's evolving capital markets ecosystem. The total 
number of investor accounts registered on BSE has surpassed 24 crores, with 10 states individually 
contributing more than 1 crores registered investors, reflecting a broad-based deepening of retail market 
participation across regional demographics 
On the investor education front, BSE conducted 4,841 investor awareness programs during Q3 FY '26, 
aimed at enhancing financial literacy, strengthening informed decision-making, and furthering the 
protection of investor interests within the capital market ecosystem. BSE signed a Memorandum of 
Understanding (MoU) with the Department of Posts (DoP) to enable the distribution of mutual fund 
products via India Post's vast network of post offices. 
Under the agreement, selected postal employees will be trained and certified to act as mutual fund 
distributors using the BSE StAR MF platform to facilitate transactions. This partnership aims to enhance 
financial inclusion, specifically targeting rural and semi-urban areas by leveraging the BSE StAR MF 
platform. 
SEBI, along with BSE, launched the first-ever bond issuer outreach program, introducing the new 
identity, Bonds -- Ek Sashakt Bandhan. This initiative strengthens our collective push to deepen India’s 
corporate bond market. At BSE, we remain committed to building a transparent, digital, and issuer-
centric ecosystem that broadens participation, enhances trust, and positions corporate bonds as a key 
engine of long-term capital formation. 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
5 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
BSE's fundraising platforms continue to remain the preferred choice by Indian companies to raise 
capital by enabling issuers to raise Rs. 22.4 lakh crores in FY‘26 by means of equity, debt, bonds, 
commercial papers, mutual funds, Q3 FY ‘26 proved to be an exceptionally strong quarter in terms of 
capital mobilization. A total of 39 companies raised a record of Rs. 95,272 crores, reflecting the depth 
and resilience of fundraising environment on BSE. The strong uptick in the IPO pipeline since early 2025 
continues to reflect the vibrancy of India's primary market, reinforcing BSE's position as a preferred 
listing venue across both the main board and SME segments. 
Moving on to our trading segment.  
It continues to maintain strong growth momentum, supported by healthy volumes and increased client 
participation across key business lines. Cash market trading volumes remained at long-term normalized 
levels at Rs. 7,645 crores in Q3 FY 2026 against Rs. 6,800 crores in the same period last year. On the 
regulatory front, SEBI directed exchanges to introduce a closing auction session to be implemented 
from 3rd August 2026, replacing the existing methodology of determining closing prices through the 
volume weighted average price of trades executed during the final 30 minutes of continuous trading. The 
shift is anchored in the objective of ensuring a fair, transparent, and representative closing price, 
particularly given its critical role in derivative settlement, index computation, and mutual fund net asset 
value calculations. In addition, SEBI has aligned the pre-open auction session with the CAS framework. 
The pre-open session will remain 15 minutes long, allow market and limit orders, follow a similar 
equilibrium price discovery mechanism with random closure, and improve transparency through 
dissemination of indicative prices and other imbalances. BSE is preparing to implement the changes to 
ensure a smooth transition for all market participants.  
The BSE index derivatives segment continued to exhibit a strong and sustained growth trajectory during 
the quarter, with the average daily premium turnover reaching a new record of  Rs. 19,459 crores, more 
than double recorded the corresponding quarter of the previous year and representing a sequential 
increase of 30% Q-o-Q. Following the transition to a Thursday expiry cycle, we have observed a 
pronounced expansion in open interest, deeper market participation, and a broadening of the contract’s 
liquidity profile. Sensex index options has consequently advanced to rank among the most actively 
traded contracts in 2025, with continued momentum observed in 2026 so far. In addition, BSE has 
revamped the Bankex index to make it broad-based and representative of the evolving banking 
landscape. Following this enhancement, we are witnessing a marked increase in market participation 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
6 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
and liquidity, further strengthening the index relevance as a benchmark for investors and market 
participants.  
We remain focused on further enhancing market depth by expanding participation, evolving our product 
suite, particularly through the promotion of longer tenor contracts, and strengthening our technology 
infrastructure through systematic upgrades to data center capabilities and connectivity framework. 
Colocation continues to constitute a strategically significant component of our broader diversification 
agenda, serving as a critical enabler of enhanced market access, latency-sensitive trading 
infrastructure, and long-term revenue stability. During the quarter under review, colocation revenues 
stood at Rs. 48 crores, broadly in line with the previous quarter. The revised throttle charge framework 
introduced in July 2025 continues to support the steady performance with utilization trends remaining 
healthy. 
Turning to our mutual fund distribution business, BSE StAR MF continues to serve as a strategically 
important pillar of our market infrastructure ecosystem, playing a critical role in facilitating retail 
participation at scale and strengthening the efficiency and transparency of mutual fund transactions 
nationwide. During the quarter, the platform delivered yet another period of record performance with 
revenues increasing 14% year-on-year to Rs. 72.5 crores. Transaction volumes also exhibited strong 
momentum, rising 21% to 21.7 crores transactions in Q3 FY ‘26. Notably, the platform achieved a new 
monthly peak of 7.97 crores transactions in Jan 2026, further reinforcing its position as a high-growth, 
systemically critical distribution channel within India's mutual fund landscape. 
Moving to our subsidiary business now. BSE's clearing house, Indian Clearing Corporation Limited, 
ICCL, continues to grow in Q3 FY ‘26, with equity settled turnover at Rs. 8.14 lakh crores and equity 
derivatives premium turnover at Rs. 12.57 lakh crores, while number of equity derivatives contract 
settled stood at 364 crores. This was enabled by major tech upgrades including re-engineering of our 
real-time risk management system and scaling trades per second per member from 3,000 to 27,000. 
BSE Index Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of BSE, offers a comprehensive portfolio of 200 plus 
indices spanning broad-based, thematic, factor, and strategic equity categories, serving over 350 
marquee clients both domestically and globally. As of December 2025, passive products tracking our 
indices has surpassed Rs. 2.7 lakh crores in AUM with 85 passive schemes benchmarked to our indices. 
Since the acquisition of 50% stake from SPDJI, the company has launched 50 new indices, significantly 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
7 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
accelerating innovation. Additionally, the company has obtained RBI approval for two debt indices, 
expanding our product suite beyond equities. 
Overall, this quarter, we recorded our strongest performance to date across multiple dimensions, 
including top line and bottom-line expansion, new listings, transaction-linked revenue, clearinghouse 
activity, market data services, and index-related revenues, underscoring the scalability, resilience. 
These outcomes reaffirm the effectiveness of our strategic initiatives and the deepening trust placed in 
BSE by participants across the financial ecosystem. As we move forward, BSE remains firmly 
committed to strengthening India's capital market architecture with integrity, innovation, and resilience 
at its core. Supported by a healthy IPO pipeline, sustained retail participation, and the expanding 
adoption of our trading, clearing, and settlement platforms, we are well-positioned to enable the next 
phase of market development. Our strategic focus will continue to centre on broadening opportunities, 
simplifying market processes, and upholding the highest standards of governance and institutional 
discipline. Together, we will continue to build a more vibrant, inclusive, and future-ready market for all 
stakeholders. 
Thank you for your continued trust and support. And sorry for the disturbances and noise which you 
might have encountered during my speech. With these updates, I now hand over the call back to Anand. 
Anand Sethuraman: 
Thank you so much, sir, for the remarks. We will now open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, Danish. 
Moderator: 
Our first question come from the line of Sucrit D Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Sucrit D Patil: 
Good evening to the team. I have two questions. My first question to Mr. MD sir is, how do you see BSE 
balancing between expanding new product offerings, strengthening technology infrastructure, and 
protecting the profits? As investor participation and competition evolves, what will guide your decision-
making process on which of these areas should get the strongest focus in the coming quarters? That's 
my first question, I'll ask my second question after this. Thank you. 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
8 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
S. Ramamurthy: 
Thank you first of all for asking this question. I'm not sure whether these objectives that you are talking 
about are conflicting. Actually, I feel they are complementary. As MII, we don't strive hard to protect the 
top line or bottom line. We try to provide services which will suit the market's requirement and fulfill the 
market's demand for products and better the economy in terms of capital creation. When we adhere to 
this process, naturally and necessarily infrastructure building becomes part and parcel of it, and profits 
becomes an automatic outcome, and therefore we don't have to go towards making profit as a specific 
goal. So our focus will continue as what it was. It will be deepening and broadening market, enhancing 
customer delight, and in the process help in the capital formations for the economy. All our product 
introductions will be keeping in mind these broad strategic objectives and this is what will be guiding. 
We are very confident and sure when we pursue these objectives, profit is a natural corollary that will 
be happening. Thank you 
Sucrit D Patil: 
Thank you. My second question to Mr. CFO is, again along the similar lines. As BSE plans for the next 
few quarters or next few years, which financial signals or metrics will be most important in guiding 
decisions on cost control, cash flow management, and capital allocation for technological 
investments? How do you see these particular levers shaping BSE's ability to protect the margins and 
deliver sustainable value as the exchange business grows? Thank you. 
Deepak Goel: 
So, thank you for this question. Protecting margin and managing cost is a continuous process. So it 
doesn't get driven by any one particular objective. Ultimately, the overall objective what MD sir 
mentioned is what guides us in terms of maximizing capital formation, maximizing providing best 
infrastructure to the market, and we get guided by the development of the market. As it's mentioned, 
cost control, is a guiding regular process which we continue to manage 
Anand Sethuraman: 
We request all participants to please limit there question to one per person and please follow the queue. 
Sucrit D Patil: 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
9 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Thank you and best wishes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Our next question come from the line of Swarnabh Mukherjee from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand in terms of the Core SGF contribution. 
So the limit that you have in mind, so how much runway for that is left if you could give some colour on 
that, that would be very helpful. Thank you. 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Thanks for this question. At this point of time, if you recall, we decided to contribute 5% till we reach a 
threshold of 150%. In this quarter, we have reached the threshold of 150%, limiting therefore the 
requirement to contribute the amount to lesser than 5%. That is where we stand. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Okay, sir. Very helpful. I'll come back in the queue. Thank you  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Supratim Datta from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. What we have seen in the last few months is commodities has emerged 
as a key segment of interest for both HFTs as well as retail traders. Just wanted to understand how are 
you seeing that category, and is that -- this a category of interest that you would like to build in the next 
coming years? Thank you. 
S. Ramamurthy: 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
10 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Datta ji, thanks for this very valuable question that you have asked me. As you would recall, BSE 
commenced its journey in derivatives very late and very recently, somewhere around some 30 plus 
months back. We started it from scratch, and therefore we needed to consolidate ourselves, put 
ourselves in a growth path, and the policy of deepening and broadening of markets and customer delight 
were to be achieved. So, I think slowly and steadily we are reaching there. And we do recognize the fact 
that commodities are very important underlyings from a nation's perspective, and its overall economic 
development. So clearly, once we feel well-stabilized in what we have started to do and once we feel 
we are resilient, we will certainly be embarking on all the available opportunities including commodities, 
with the same seriousness with which we took derivatives for equities. Hope this answers your 
question. 
Supratim Datta: 
Just, you know, sir, when would you think that you have become resilient on the equity derivative side so 
that you can pursue these, you know, new opportunities? 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Honestly, 30 plus months before when I started, I never thought I will reach this place in 30 months. So 
it's very difficult to put a timeline. It can be anything. So, the passage of for us in equity derivatives has 
been really swift. We hope the same way we progress further, so that we can take up other areas. 
Supratim Datta: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Our next question come from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Chandra: 
Yes, so thanks for the opportunity. So my question is on the strategic direction that you laid in terms of 
gaining market share in the cash segment, and also improving on the monthly contribution in the options 
side, and also the institutional participation. So where we are in that journey maybe you can update us, 
versus last quarter's commentary? And also, in terms of the market share that we see in terms of 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
11 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
colocation and clearing corporation, we are at around 14%-15%, in Clearing Corp, we have gained to 
around 25% to 27%. So is it fair to assume that these market share will converge to our options market 
share eventually ? 
S. Ramamurthy: 
On the cash market segment and in the monthly options to start with. As far as cash market segment, 
clearly we felt, there need to be a level playing field in the market, which was absent. So with lot of 
regulatory advocacy, common contract notes were brought in place. What we are understanding from 
the market participants is that, while they absolutely realize the benefits of common contract notes, 
when they seek algo approval, so that the SOR can be implemented and best price execution could be 
implement for the market participants. There are quite a few bottlenecks that they are encountering. We 
are very confident that wisdom will prevail and the market will be ready to embrace competitiveness 
with open mind so that the market participants get the benefit of best price execution and become 
exchange agnostic. I think it's a transformation and it's therefore a journey, all participants need to 
embrace what is good for the market without thinking what is good for themselves, and we are confident 
that it will happen. More and more participants are getting aligned with this, particularly mutual fund and 
insurance companies have started seeing the benefits of embracing this path and getting the benefits of 
best price execution.  
As far as long-term rather, other than, rather than always we used to measure it in terms of other than 
weekly expiry. Other than the current weekly expiry, our market share has started, market share means, 
the share of whatever we trade within that has started growing. And earlier we were nothing there in the 
next week and next to next week. Today we are very proud to say including the monthly, other than the 
current week, total volumes of around of our 5% comes from that. 
I think this is a starting process and we will be going further ahead. Amitji, I'm not actually remembering 
your second question. Oh, I think you talked about colocation. Colocation we never started as a profit 
center. As we earlier also stated, deepening and broadening of markets was a necessity for us, and 
without colocation, it could not have happened. It is incidental that we put in place colocation as a 
requirement and it has become a profit center. At this point of time, we are planning to allocate 80 more 
racks which is in the offing soon, which way and how will depend upon multiple factors. With that we 
will be having around 500 racks in place. Currently, the colocation revenue is somewhere around Rs. 45 
to Rs. 48 crores per quarter. We think it could get stabilized at that level if we are not planning to increase 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
12 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
any charges, which at this point of time will not be done ad hoc; it will be only at appropriate time, 
appropriate levels. 
As far as Clearing Corporation is concerned, we have put in lot of efforts to improve the technological 
supremacy and efficiency of Clearing Corporation. Traveling from 3,000 trades per second per member 
in clearing corporation, that capability to 27,000, I think, which we are doing now, in itself was a great 
achievement. And there is still a long way to go, we will strive hard to provide the best of services, 
therefore, so that there is a level playing field in the market in the area of clearing as well. 
Amit Chandra: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you and all the best, sir. 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Thank you so much, Chandra ji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes, hi sir. So my question is on stock options, how do we kind of scale up that segment? Is it linked to 
the cash volumes? And what are the efforts, and what are the plans for that particular segment? 
Because I think that’s a decent part of the industry volumes in terms of premium turnover, and the 
premium to notional is also significantly better there. So what are the thoughts on that particular 
category over the medium term? 
S. Ramamurthy: 
It's a very good question that you are asking. BSE always looks for product diversification in its portfolio. 
Certainly, therefore, stock options would be one of the areas which we will be looking into. As you would 
be knowing, comparatively stock futures were more attractive products for the market compared to 
stock options, and stock options were therefore getting slightly lesser attention compared to stock 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
13 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
futures. And as I said previously, we recently started our journey, just around 30 months before, and it 
was fortunate for us that we were able to grow to the level where we are. Now we have -- our primary 
focus has been at this point of time on our cash market volumes and bringing in level playing field there, 
and ensuring other than the current week options gaining traction. Slowly we are progressing there. At 
the appropriate time, like, what we talked about commodities, we will be putting in efforts for stock 
options as well to gain momentum at BSE, and use the existing infrastructure of market participants and 
technology, so that we can leverage on it, and provide a very good alternative competitive platform for 
the market participants. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, just follow up on that, is there any linkage between cash volumes having a low market share on cash 
volumes and stock options? Would there be any linkage in that sense? 
S. Ramamurthy: 
It is very difficult to say that because the market microstructure is not that easy to predict. Whether the 
stock market volumes will increase, stock options volume or vice versa will happen or they will continue 
to exist. See today, if you look at it, the cash market is fungible across exchanges. The stock options, in 
a way, are fungible across exchanges. So I don't know whether there is any prerequisite of one to be 
present in the same exchange or the other. So it's very difficult to give an answer in that sense. The stock 
as a underlying is very active in Indian markets. That in itself therefore should be sufficient for picking up 
stock options. Probably it may not be venue sensitive. That is one view, but we have to wait and see, 
how it unfolds. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Thank you so much, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, our next question come from the line of Deepak Ajmera from IGE India. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Ajmera: 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
14 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Thank you, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on great set of return, and also 
congratulations considering or looking at January number where Sensex is higher than the NSE in terms 
of notional turnover Nifty. So my question is on the charges. To my knowledge, premium compared to 
the turnover, we are charging lower than the NSE. So what is plan there to increase the same? Thank 
you. 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Ajmeraji, thank you for your congratulatory messages and thanks for kindly attending this call and asking 
this question. And thanks for noting the way in which Sensex is growing. At this point of time, the charges 
that we make are around Rs. 250 lower on a per crore basis. If you recall, we started our journey with no 
charges, then we went into Rs. 500 rupees, and then we slowly increased it to some mid-level, and then 
we ultimately landed up with the current charges that we are. Charges are not fixed and written in stone, 
certainly they have some scope for further increase. As I always say, depending on the market’s 
capability to bear the cost, there are multiple costs that are evolving in the market. Profit cannot be a 
sole objective for an MII, it also has other responsibilities. Keeping that in mind, any increase in charges, 
will be considered at an appropriate time for appropriate reasons, and after considering, what the voice 
of customer would be in this regard. 
Deepak Ajmera: 
Thank you, all the best. 
Moderator: 
Our next question come from the line of Dikshant Boolchandani from DB Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Dikshant Boolchandani: 
Congratulations management on the good results. What is the sort of impact… 
S. Ramamurthy: 
I am really sorry Mr.Boolchandani. Your voice is very low. 
Dikshant Boolchandani: 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
15 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Is it better? 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Dikshant Boolchandani: 
So management, what is it that we are thinking on the recent changes that the Government has made 
on the STT? What are the reflection in the markets that you have started to expect that what can happen 
now? What are your thoughts on it? 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Thank you, Mr. Boolchandani ji, for congratulating us and thanks for attending this call and asking this 
question. I think you are primarily referring to the STT increase. The other part of it is, of course, with 
regard to the buyback, the capital gains tax. I think that's a very wonderful change. Lot of people talk 
about the STT, so let me take the question to reflect to that area and answer you. It had two portions, 
one is increasing the STT for futures, and second is for options. As I have been telling the press also 
before, my experience from the past is that whenever STT charges are increased for options, it has not 
had any meaningful impact on the volumes, and volumes have continued as before. That is the 
experience that I have seen from my limited knowledge of what I have seen in the market. 
As far as futures are concerned, I think the thought process behind the move probably could be twofold. 
One is to encourage long-term equity investments among retailers instead of getting into the derivatives. 
And secondly, to encourage longer-term future contracts which may help mutual funds and other 
institutions which are permitted to trade derivatives. Both if materialized will be in the interest of the 
market. So I think, there will be some time to adjust and re-orient for the market. And once it happens, it 
will be in the interest of the market, as more retail people may move towards mutual fund and long-term 
equity investments, and mutual funds which are doing arbitrage funds and others, may think of a longer-
term option instead of monthly option, so that the cost that would be debited to the funds will get lower. 
Dikshant Boolchandani: 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
16 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Sir, just a follow-up here, a good chunk of our growth has happened because of the futures introduction 
by BSE. And if the charges go up more than double on STT, wouldn't that be a problem for our growth 
trajectory just from a basic perspective? 
S. Ramamurthy: 
It’s a very valid question that you are asking. But the truth is slightly different. The growth of BSE's 
derivatives has been based on Sensex options volumes. At this point of time, in comparison to the 
Sensex options, Sensex futures are still at a very nascent stages of growth. Because it is at a small level, 
I don't think it will have much impact because of any increase or decrease. If it had been a significant 
chunk, there is a probability for us, to rethink on what could be the strategy for futures. Since at this point 
of time, it looks like more a supporting volume for options that is happening in very nascent stages, we 
do not find any impact specifically coming on Sensex futures because of the change. 
Dikshant Boolchandani: 
So this is more of a neutral news for us, rather than a negative news for us or an impact on our direct 
business. 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Boolchandaniji, I think we should restrict it to one question. You had two questions, and if you are getting 
into three questions, I have replied you, I am sure you get what I am saying. You should get into the queue 
again. Yes? 
Dikshant Boolchandani: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Capital. Please go ahead 
Devesh Agarwal 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
17 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Good evening, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a very strong performance. Most 
of the questions have been answered, just two clarifications. First, did you say that, you are nearly at 
150% of your core SGF requirement and to that extent, the incremental contribution will not be there 
from the coming quarter, or it will come down? That is first. And secondly, the increase in the STT that 
has happened on the futures side, would that in any way directionally, can the volume shift from futures 
to either equity options or cash? Is that a possibility? 
 S. Ramamurthy: 
As far as the SGF, if you look at it, most of the time, what we talk about SGF is more on a retrospective 
basis. On a prospective basis, it is not very amenable for prediction. That is why a adhoc number of 5% 
and 150% were arrived at by us to prevent any shocks. In this quarter, with the type of parameters that 
we have seen, we found that there was no need for us to contribute the entire full 5% and we restricted 
somewhere around 3% plus, I guess, because we touched the top line of 150%. Will the same thing will 
continue, and therefore there will be no need for any contribution in the next quarter? No, it is not 
predicted that way. As we always maintained, the algorithm for computing the SGF requirement is a 
complex one, and therefore, depending upon what is the highest open interest and other things in the 
next quarter, there may be a need for contributing or there may be no need. The move is not to predict 
and prevent, the move is to normalize so that there are no sudden jerks. 
As far as the STT is concerned, your question was, will that result in move towards options, will that lead 
to move towards underlying equity volumes. My impression is that the way the futures STT is structured, 
I think it is more to encourage people, particularly retailers, to think of participating in longer term equity, 
and for mutual funds and others to think about longer term futures instead of monthly futures. So that 
could be the result. Options at this point of time, for various reasons in the growth trajectory, because 
of that, while the growth may be slightly slower compared to what it was, I think it will still grow and may 
not show any severe impact because of the STT increase. All these are what we consider could be truth. 
The time will tell, what is the right thing, and maybe we have to wait and watch to see what type of 
reaction the market has, because the market cannot be just predicted with our own understanding. The 
market is complex, and so we will have to wait and watch my reply to your question. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Thank you so much and all the very best. 

BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
 
18 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
S. Ramamurthy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Anand Sethuraman for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anand Sethuraman: 
Thank you so much, Danish. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. If you have any further 
questions, please feel free to reach out to us at bse.ir@bseindia.com. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Anand sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of BSE Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
