 
 
                  
 
निवेशक सेवाएँ कक्ष                                                                                                                   
INVESTOR SERVICES CELL  
 
 
                  
 
 
कॉर्पोरेट कार्ाालर् : 254-260, अव्वै षण्मुगम सालै, रॉर्र्पेट्टा, चेन्नै – 600 014 
Corporate Office: 254-260, Avvai Shanmugam Salai, Royapettah, Chennai – 600 014 
फोि Phone: 044-2813 4484/4698, ई-मेल Email: investors@indianbank.bank.in 
हमें फॉलो करें Follow us on 
 
Ref. No.: ISC/296/2025-26 
                                                                           Date: 30.01.2026 
 
The Vice President 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai-400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: INDIANB 
The Vice President 
BSE Ltd. 
25, P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code- 532814 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Post Earnings Concall / Meet  
 
 
In terms of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and in 
continuation 
of 
our 
Letter 
No. 
ISC/278/2025-26 
dated 
14.01.2026 
and                   
Letter No. ISC/286/2025-26 dated 22.01.2026 regarding Analysts / Investors Concall / Meet, we 
are enclosing a copy of Transcript of said post Earnings Concall / Meet held by the Bank on 
22.01.2026 on the Financial Results of the Bank for the Third Quarter and Nine Months period 
of FY 2025-26 ended on 31st December 2025. 
 
The Concall Transcript has also been uploaded on Bank’s website and the same can be 
accessed through below link: 
 
https://www.indianbank.bank.in/departments/audio-video-recording-concall-transcripts/  
 
This is for your information, record and dissemination please. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Indian Bank 
 
 
 
 
AGM & Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: A/a 
Dina Nath 
Kumar
Digitally signed by 
Dina Nath Kumar 
Date: 2026.01.30 
16:40:09 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Indian Bank Q3 FY’26 Results  
Post Earnings Conference Call / Meet  
Held on 22.01.2026 
 
Transcript 
 
 
Management:  
 
 
Shri Binod Kumar 
MD & CEO  
 
Shri Ashutosh Choudhury  
Executive Director 
 
Shri Shiv Bajrang Singh 
Executive Director 
 
Shri Brajesh Kumar Singh 
Executive Director 
 
Ms. Mini T M 
Executive Director 
 
Moderator:  
 
Shri Anand Dama  
Analyst, Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd. 
 
 
Disclaimer : 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Bank or the sender takes 
no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level 
of accuracy. 
 

 
Page 1 of 21 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)  
 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you all to Indian Bank's Post Results 
Conference Call for the Third Quarter of Financial Year 2026, hosted by Emkay Global. From 
the top management, we have with us Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO, Shri Ashutosh Choudhury, 
Executive Director, Shri Shiv Bajrang Singh, Executive Director, Shri Brajesh Kumar Singh, Executive 
Director, and Ms. Mini TM, Executive Director. 
 
First, I would request the MD sir to briefly summarize the key highlights from the Q3 FY26 results and 
also provide strategic direction on growth, margins, and asset quality, post which we'll have the Q&A 
session. Over to you, MD sir. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
 
Good evening, all. Thank you, Anand, for hosting, and all the participants for joining. We have 
just published our results, and the total business of the Bank grew by 13.34%, Rs 14.30 trillion. 
Deposits reached Rs 7.91 trillion with a YoY growth of 12.62%. CASA also, with a growth of 
9.86%, reached to Rs 2.96 trillion. 
 
Advances also, one thing I will highlight, my bulk has remained at the same level whatever it 
was in the September. Global advances grew by 14.24% and reached Rs 6.39 trillion. 
Corporate grew by 8.16% and crossed Rs 2 to 2.01 trillion. RAM grew by 16.65% and reached 
Rs 3.90 trillion. Retail grew by 18.54% and reached Rs 1.36 trillion. Agriculture also grew by 
15.14% and reached Rs 1.49 trillion. MSME grew by 16.41% and reached Rs 1.05 trillion. My 
CD ratio is 80.77%. 
 
Coming to P&L, net profit grew by 7.33% and reached Rs 3,061 crore. Operating profit also 
grew by 5.79% YoY and sequentially 3.87% and reached Rs 5,024 crore. First time we have 
crossed operating profit of Rs 5,000 crore. Net interest income, we have seen growth of 7.5% 
YoY and 5.27% QoQ, and reached Rs 6,896 crore. Domestic NIM has improved sequentially 
from 3.34% to 3.40%. 
 
ROA also, I mean, there is marginal decline from 1.32% to 1.30%, but that is well above the 
guidance whatever we have given of 1.20%. 1.32% is for the nine-month ROA. Provision 
coverage ratio is at 98.28%. Cost-to-income ratio of 46.90%. Credit cost 0.21%. Capital, we 
are well capitalized, 16.58%. Rs 2,000 crore of Tier 1 bond has retired, but we have not gone 
for raising fresh Tier 1, because we are still well capitalized. CET1 is 14.54%. Gross NPA has 
come down to 2.23% and net NPA 0.15%. 
 
Fresh slippage during the quarter has been Rs 997 crore, and recovery is Rs 1,453 crore. If            
I talk of the nine-month recovery, nine-month recovery is approximately Rs 5,200 crore, to be 
precise Rs 5,153 crore, against a guidance of between Rs 5,500 crore to Rs 6,500 crore. So, 
we are on track of that. Slippage ratio has come down from 0.79% to 0.69%, which is within 
the guidance. Slippage in absolute number is also only Rs 997 crore. SMA, it has come down 
substantially. There is substantial improvement in SMA, from 11.88%, it has come down to 

 
Page 2 of 21 
 
5.05%. SMA 2, on top of it, it seems like it has gone up from Rs 632 crore to Rs 3,689 crore. 
But there are two PSU accounts which keep on oscillating in SMA, at times it is in SMA 0, 1 or 
2. So, because of that, if we take out that number, SMA 2 is also very much under control. 
 
My MCLR-linked loan book is 46.07%, and out of that, repricing in this quarter is also due of 
around 37%, next quarter also, wherever quarterly reset or half-yearly reset is there, so that is 
20%. Deposit also, repricing is due 18% in this quarter and 53% in next quarter. 
 
Many initiatives we have taken for CASA. CASA, like salary account, as I have been discussing 
in previous quarters, we are focusing hugely on CASA. Salary account also, and this quarter, 
we have provided fintech solution to around 22 different state government departments. We 
have added non-SNA account of more than 1,000 accounts, and average balance in savings 
fund accounts has gone up from Rs 26,000 to Rs 36,000. Similarly, average balance in current 
account has also gone up from Rs 2.12 lakhs to Rs 2.44 lakhs and we have launched five new 
products in July. So, in that product, we have opened more than 5 lakh accounts and we have 
garnered business of Rs 1,500 crore in that. 
 
Account opening also, we are seeing good traction. Whatever it was opened last year, we have 
surpassed that in nine months itself. Savings fund, current account, and sanction also, 
whatever it was sanctioned in the last financial year, Rs 2.62 trillion. So far in these nine 
months, we have already sanctioned Rs 2.95 lakh crore. We are also focusing on non-fund 
business, and that's why there is improvement in the processing charges and LC/BG 
commission, there is improvement we have seen in our traction. AUC recovery, we have 
guidance of Rs 2,000 crore. We have already reached that figure Rs 2,000 crore we have 
already reached. NCLT recovery, one good account/ one chunky account has been recovered 
during this quarter. In that, around Rs 300 crore recovery has come, so through recovery 
through NCLT is Rs 338 crore. 
 
On digital front, we are investing hugely and going forward, I expect that benefit of that has 
already started, we are accruing, but not to the extent we desire. So, we are taking various 
measures for increasing our digital adoption so that benefit of that may come to us. Now I will 
request my colleague, Shri Ashutosh Choudhury, to discuss about the digital products and 
thereafter, we can proceed with. Last point, we have a good pipeline of around Rs 50,000 crore 
in the corporate credit. Over to Ashutosh. 
 
Shri Ashutosh Choudhury, Executive Director 
 
Good evening, all. The Bank's digital business footprint is at Rs 1.98 lakh crore for Q3, nine 
months ended FY26. That is a growth of 66% YoY and cumulative digital business has crossed 
Rs 4.52 lakh crore. So, our fintech partnership has gone up to 169. The digital transaction has 
grown by Rs 12.54 crore. We have 147 digital journeys now, and our mobile app rating is 4.4 
star. The digital transaction is 94% and the branch transaction is 6%.  
 
In digital Banking, the mobile Bank user and the transaction has grown 21% and 14%, 
respectively, YoY. The UPI users and transaction have increased by 21% and 28% YoY. So 

 
Page 3 of 21 
 
the users of internet Banking have grown by 5%, and the debit card has grown by 7%. So, our 
mobile Banking app has two features. One is for retail, and one is for MSME. In the retail, we 
have total number of 2.25 crore customers and having a financial transaction value of 50,000+ 
crore during this quarter. The best part is that our MSME app, which was launched last financial 
year in February '25, has a customer base of around 25,000, and the platform has a login of 
2.42 lakhs and their financial transaction value is 14,000+ crore during this Q3. 
      
So, the digital business, against a target of Rs.2,25,000 crore, we have already achieved                
Rs.1,98,350 crore till nine month ended, and we are pretty sure to surpass this particular target. 
If you see the digital adoption, it has consistently increased YoY. The liability has increased 
from 37% to 43%. The retail asset has increased from 74% to 92%, agri from 83% to 96%, 
MSME is from 86% to 94%. We have launched 10 new MSME journeys, so that is yet to pick 
up. That is why the overall is showing 73%. E-BG issuance has grown from 4% to 27%. 
 
So, last quarter, we launched a separate set of niche customers, that is virtual Banking 
experience customers. In a single quarter, we have reclassified 6.33 lakhs of customer into 
that segment. Then, with RBI-ULI, also we have sanctioned more than 1 lakh of loans, 
amounting to 12,000-plus crore against a target of Rs 9,000 crore. We have implemented 13 
initiatives in the last quarter, and the same kind of pipeline is there with us in the future also. If 
you see, for the customer engagement, we have launched a virtual ATM. We have launched 
a lot of things, but I'm only concentrating on virtual ATMs, where through an aggregator, we 
have tied up with 6 lakh-plus merchants, where the cash can be withdrawn. So, we have also 
introduced the new Fastag system during Q3, and there are some ongoing projects. The CRM 
project, two modules we have launched, another three modules we are going to launch soon. 
 
Employee Assist, it is a new concept that we have introduced in our Bank for our own 
employees to assist them about the process, guidelines of the Bank and Banking industry. And 
we are also started using agentic AI, and some of the use cases are in customer onboarding, 
corporate ecosystem, then lead nurturing and management, personal finance management 
segment, then grievance redressal system, and tracking suspicious transactions. So, these 
are the use cases where we are going to use, and you are using also. 
 
If you see, in the operational efficiency parameters, we have migrated to cloud for our optimum 
utilization of hardware. Then we are going for data like project, and some of the process, we 
are planning for robotic process automations. So, while we are going very fast on digital and 
also swiftly moving towards our intelligent Banking system, we are also planning to establish 
a resilience operation center in the near future. With that, sir, the digital part is over. Thank 
you. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
 
Before going to Q&A, the one thing I will add. Last quarter, I have made provision of 5% on 
SMA 1. This quarter, I have increased it up to 10%, so additional Rs 380 crore provision we 
have made on SMA 1. 
 

 
Page 4 of 21 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)  
 
Sure, sir. We will now open the floor for Q&A session. Anybody who wishes to ask question 
shall raise their hands. I request the participants to limit their questions to two per participant, 
and for further questions, please join back the queue. So, any participant, if you have a 
question, please use the Raise Hand option. 
 
Yeah, we have first question coming from Mr. Ajmera. Ajmera ji, please unmute yourself. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst 
 
Yeah. Thank you, Anand, for giving the opportunity first, as usual. And compliments to you, 
sir, for the fantastic quarter. I think you not only, according to me, not only surpassed the 
operating profit, the highest operating profit, but even the net profit also. I think post-tax 
provision also is the highest, as I see in 10 quarters. So, it is probably may be the highest ever 
even net profit also. So, my compliments to you and the entire team of Indian Bank. Even on 
other parameters also, you have performed very well. Your asset quality also has improved, 
and your net NPA now has gone to 0.15%, 15bps. So, below that, there is hardly any scope 
for getting it down. So, the provision may not be required so much. But having said that, sir, 
my first question is basically on the ECL that the provisioning will continuously still will be 
required to be made. And you said that you have made the additional provision on SMA 1 even 
in this quarter also of Rs 380 crore and some other floating provisions. So, where do we stand 
as far as our preparations for the ECL implementation, which is coming soon? And how much 
are you going to absorb everything before the April 2027, or you are going to take the benefit 
of those extended period allowed or permitted? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
 
See, we have assessed ECL requirement on various permutation and combination. So, not 
giving that number because that will not make sense. Because we have also, I mean, that draft 
guidelines was open for discussion and for comments. So, we have sent some comments to 
RBI and expect, I mean, I don't know, but let us see what comes finally in the guidelines. So, 
based on that, but as far as my preparedness is concerned, my endeavour will not definitely 
to take five years. So, first year itself, we will do whatever we have to do. Quarter-wise, we'll 
see, let us see how many quarters that will take. But definitely not more than one year. So, 
that much I can tell you, and this philosophy will continue, that wherever we can make some 
provision so that the quarter we shift to ECL impact is minimum. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst 
 
Sir, in your initial remark, you had covered some, I think, SMA 2, but as I see the total overall 
number of SMA 2 of this quarter is Rs 4,309 crore as against the last quarter of Rs 1,448 crore. 
So, I just couldn't hear properly. I mean, what is the explanation? You said you are comfortable 
on that. So? 
 
 

 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
 
Yeah, yeah. There are two PSU accounts where state government guarantee is available. So, 
last quarter, that was in SMA 0. This quarter, it has come to SMA 2. So, I mean, chances of 
slipping these account are, I mean, very less. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst 
 
How much is that quantum of these two state government accounts? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
 
Rs 3,000 Crore 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst 
 
Okay. So, basically, we are only 1,309 if you remove those state government accounts, and 
there is no chance of slipping them in NPA, isn’t it? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
 
Yes. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst 
 
Sir, as far as the overall business growth is concerned, of course, on annualized basis, still we 
are at comfortable this thing. But if you see the nine months’ numbers, on credit growth, we 
are 8.62%, and on the deposit side, we are 7.29%. So, you have a strong pipeline, you said. 
But at the same time, on the capital adequacy-wise, we are at almost nowadays, whatever the 
normal CRAR is there of the Banks guarantee, we are at the little lower side of, say, 16.58% 
of the CRAR. So, considering CD ratio is 80.77%. So, considering all this, whether you will 
reach the target, you will surpass the target given, and whether your pipeline and the other 
adequacy is available that you reach the target or cross, especially on the advances front? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
 
Yeah, yeah. Whatever guidance we have given, we'll surpass that. There is no doubt in that. 
Because see, even in this quarter, I have sold IBPC of Rs 7,000 crore. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst  
 
Yeah. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
If not sold, that will add to my growth only. 

 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst  
 
No, that is there. But I mean, where is it coming from? Like, your corporate, I think you said Rs 
50,000 crore 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Pipeline is there. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst  
 
In the sanctioned pipeline. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Yeah, yeah. RAM, we are seeing good growth. Retail also, if you see, we have grown by 18%. 
MSME also, we are seeing good growth of 16%. Agriculture also 15%. So, good growth is 
coming through RAM sector. And in few sectors in corporate also, we are seeing good demand, 
like green finance. There are various subsets of green finance, like EV, solar panel 
manufacturing, solar power plant itself. So, few sectors, we are seeing good demand. And then 
one logistics sector is also coming up. So, lot many proposals we are getting for the warehouse 
development. So, we are seeing good growth. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst  
 
The last question in this round, sir. On the treasury front, I think we are doing reasonably well. 
So, what is going forward in this remaining quarter of the FY26, where do we stand as far as 
our treasury performance is concerned? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
See, treasury, we should be able to maintain. I mean, although, if you see, yield has hardened 
as compared to the last quarter, but still we have generated profit of around including forex, 
around Rs 500 crore. So, treasury, next quarter, I am expecting somewhere around Rs 350 
crore. So, there will be/ I am expecting some moderation in the treasury income, so around Rs 
350 crore, I am expecting that. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst  
 
Okay. So, this will little bit taper down? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
But if you see, Q2 also was only Rs 330 crore. 
 

 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst  
 
Yeah, yeah. But in this quarter, it was investment, if you see in the other income also, it is Rs 
342 crore treasury. So, I mean, the estimate of Rs 350 crore overall looks a little conservative. 
And then, impact of this new labor code also will come, sir, now, I think. So, there also, the 
gratuity and the leave encashment, I mean, all those factors are there. Has that been assessed 
for the calculating the profitability? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Yes, assessed, and we have impact of only Rs 56 lakhs. To be precise, Rs 55.86 lakhs. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst  
 
Thank you very much, sir. And thank you, Anand, for giving me so much of time. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Thank you, Ajmera ji. 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)   
 
Thank you, Ajmera ji. Next question, we'll take from Kayuri. Kayuri, please unmute yourself. 
 
Kayuri, Analyst 
 
Hi. I just wanted to know whether the asset quality and loan growth will incrementally improve 
from hereon 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Got it. So, asset quality, we are already at very good level. Gross NPA, 2.23%, net NPA, 
0.15%. So, what improvement? I mean, we will maintain that. I have already given guidance 
of less than 2%. We'll maintain that. Net NPA, 0.5%. We can do 0, but then after 0, what to 
do? So, we will maintain that, and expecting slippage ratio, I may also expect that this level of 
slippage ratio will continue. Only aberration remains March. In March, because branches 
where people go for audit to the branches, at that time, some MOCs is being passed by them. 
So, to that extent, there will be some impact on the asset quality. But after that, it remains 
steady. Credit growth, I’m hopeful that credit growth is also a function of how economy is doing. 
If you see, most of the estimates for credit growth is also coming around this calendar year 
also, next calendar year also, they are giving good guidance of between 6.5% to 7%. So, my 
expectation is even next year, credit growth, whatever we are maintaining, we will be able to 
sustain that. 
 
Kayuri, Analyst 
 
Thank you, sir. 

 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)   
 
Sir, in that context, how do you expect the deposit growth to pan out right now? We have scope 
to improve the LDR, but deposit growth in the system certainly remains a challenge. So, what 
is that you think, like, how deposits will mobilize, how CASA is going to come through, and 
whether that's going to be a challenge for you? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Yeah, yeah. See, I am part of the industry, so I cannot be aloof of them. So, impact of that will 
come definitely on us. And already if you see, after December, already bulk rate has gone up 
by 20-30bps because credit growth is good, deposit is not coming. And CASA, what I am 
feeling, CASA is a structural change. Behaviour of the people is a structural change, and they 
will shift to other modes of investment. Having said that, we are taking so many measures on 
CASA, and we are instead of relying on one or two bulk, chunky deposits, we are trying to 
make it granular so that we can have float volume. That's why, if you see, a lot of efforts are 
being put on the technology side, QR code, salary account, cross-sell. So, because of that, we 
will be able to maintain or may be marginal decline, not only in this quarter, going forward, I 
am seeing. 
 
Not immediate future, but going forward, may be if deposit is not coming, bulk is very high, 
then we have to see other sources of deposit raising. Like, we may go for some bond, etc. So, 
these sources will come into play going forward. So, net-to-net there will be some moderation, 
some impact on the NIM. Ultimately even if we are giving so many facilities in our saving fund 
product or credit card, so ultimately, these are adding to our cost only. So, it will happen, but it 
will happen gradually.  It's not like overnight, it will drastically change. 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)   
 
Sure, sir. Sure. Next question, we'll take from Parth Gutka. Parth, please unmute yourself. And 
any other participants, you have questions, please use the Raise Hand option now. Parth, 
please unmute yourself. 
 
Parth Gutka, Analyst  
 
Yeah, hi. Thanks. Thanks, Anand. So, sir, on Slide 19, within the Opex line items, the insurance 
cost has gone up materially during this quarter. Any specific reason for the same? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Yeah, yeah. DICGC, they have changed some formula. I mean, a few accounts for which they 
were not asking earlier premium, they have added these accounts, and they have also asked 
for the yesteryears. So DICGC cost itself has gone up by Rs 128 crore. Out of that, Rs 82 crore 
relates to previous years, remaining relate to this quarter, which will also be going forward, that 
will continue. Around Rs 60 crore increase in DICGC premium will continue. 

 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Parth Gutka, Analyst 
 
Okay, sir. Thanks. And my second question is, within Opex, within the employee’s benefit, that 
line item has also gone up, as in, the increase in the line item is much more than the overall 
Opex growth. Anything to highlight there, sir? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
AS 15, we have made. If you see, from last quarter, it has gone up by Rs 102 crore. So that is 
purely based on the actuarial valuation. 
 
Parth Gutka, Analyst  
 
Okay, sir. Thanks. Thanks a lot. 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)   
 
Next question, we'll take from Darshil. Darshil, please unmute yourself. 
 
Darshil, Analyst  
 
Good evening, sir. Thank you so much for taking my question. Hopefully, I'm audible. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
  
Yeah, yeah, audible. 
 
Darshil, Analyst  
 
Yeah. Hi, sir. So, sir, we've previously given guidance in regard to NIM and ROA. But we are 
already outperforming that guidance. So, is there a positive upgrade that you would like to 
issue? Because I think we were saying around 3.1% to 3.3% in NIMs, and we're already at 
3.45%. And similarly, ROA is also, we are performing much better than what we've guided. So, 
may be for next year and this year, are we upping the guidance, sir? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
I mean, this year, even if I don't upgrade, already I think we will surpass that, both NIM and 
ROA. ROA also, I expect for the year also, it should remain around 1.30%, because in nine 
months, it is 1.32%. But this quarter may be 1 or 2 basis points NIM negative impact may come 
because MCLR book is repricing around 37% in this quarter, including three month, six month, 
all. Out of that, one-year MCLR is around 19%, is repricing. And impact of 25 basis rate cut, 
two months will come in this quarter. So, there may be some impact out of that. But part of that 
will be offset by deposit repricing, which is 18% in this quarter. So, may be 1 or 2 basis point 
may be it may go down in this quarter. 

 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Darshil, Analyst  
 
Okay, okay. And, sir, for FY27, so we can have the same levels or higher than this also? Like, 
can we try to mix it up? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Let us see. Because see, as I told, after December, already bulk rate has gone up by 20-30 
basis point. So, let us see how this quarter pans out. Then it will be better to give guidance for 
the next quarter/ I mean, next financial year. 
 
Darshil, Analyst  
 
Okay, okay, fair enough, sir. And sir, just wanted to understand, like, when you say that there 
is some cost of funds is increasing for you. So, structurally, what you feel that there'll be more 
intensity? Like, there'll be pricing issues, like from other Banks also that will push this cost of 
funds higher, or how do we see that, sir? Because our reach and network are there, we'll be 
kind of shielded from that. So, how do you see that intensity, sir? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
No, no, definitely, see around 18% of my deposit is through bulk. Even if you see, against a 
rate cut of 125 basis point, even term deposit rate cut has been around only 60-70 basis points. 
So, impact will come. We will also be impacted. If bulk rate goes up, then definitely we will also 
be impacted. Cost of fund will go up. 
 
Darshil, Analyst  
 
Okay, okay. So, we can for next year, may be we can expect some cost of funds going up. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
We will see. Because see, many things come into play. So, some strategies also evolve. We 
are also working, I mean, on how to at least maintain CASA share. So, many things we are 
working on. So let us see. But I mean, that will purely be the function of how deposits, I mean 
how term deposit and bulk deposit rate, how it comes out. 
 
Darshil, Analyst  
 
Okay, okay, fair. And the last question from my end, sir. Like, credit cost, what do we expect, 
sir, going forward, like, for this year and next year, sir? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Credit cost, we'll maintain this level. I think we will be able to maintain. Although I have given 
guidance of less than 1, but I think at least next quarter, I will be able to maintain, may be a 

 
Page 11 of 21 
 
little bit it may go up, because, as I told in last quarter, through some MOC, some slippages 
increase. So, may be a little bit, 1 basis point, 2 basis point here or there. 
 
Darshil, Analyst  
 
Okay, okay, fair enough, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you so much, sir. 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)   
 
Thank you. Next question, we'll take from Jai Mundhra. Jai, please unmute yourself. 
 
Jai Mundhra, Analyst 
  
Hello. Yeah, hi, good evening, sir. A couple of questions. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Yeah, Jai. 
 
Jai Mundhra, Analyst  
 
Sir, first is, this IBPC transaction that we have done, sorry, I missed the amount. What was the 
amount? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
This quarter, we have done Rs 7,000 crore. 
 
Jai Mundhra, Analyst  
 
Okay. So, sir, this Rs 7,000 crore you have sold. But you could have received some NII, right? 
Is there any positive, I mean, there will be some positive impact on NII. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
  
Yeah, yeah, definitely. 
 
Jai Mundhra, Analyst  
 
Can you quantify, sir, if possible? I mean, how much you would have earned without being in 
a denominator thing? Rough number will also be okay. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
  
Rs 240 crore. Rs 240 crore absolute number. 

 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Shri Shiv Bajrang Singh, Executive Director 
  
3%-3.25% for annual. So, half yearly, it was half yearly, so 1.87% roughly on Rs 7,000 crore. 
That would be roughly 1.6% annual. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
So, percentage, you can calculate around say, differential, you can say around you can take 
2%. So, on Rs 7,000 crore, 2% means around Rs 140 crore. 
 
Jai Mundhra, Analyst  
 
Right. So, 140 Crore is the additional interest earned on this. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Not interest earned, on interest saved. 
 
Jai Mundhra, Analyst  
 
Correct. Interest saved. Right. And there is no implication on the fee or other income, right? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
  
No. No implication. 
 
Jai Mundhra, Analyst  
 
Okay, sure. And secondly, sir, I was under the impression that some of the, let us say you are 
a mid-size to small-size Bank, and there is a lot of news flow about M&A merger. So, other 
smaller Banks- they are showing much faster growth, right, may be to avoid any likely M&A, 
right? And at the same time, you are actually shedding Rs 7,000 crore in this quarter, and last 
quarter, you also shed. So, I was thinking that may be you will show more base versus you are 
actually helping yourself. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
That decision of amalgamation will not depend on the one quarter growth. So that will of 
course, depend on long-term viability. 
 
Jai Mundhra, Analyst  
 
Okay, sure. Secondly, sir, if you can specify the total SMA. Now you have 10% provision on 
both SMA as well as SMA 2. And if you can specify, sir, what is the absolute amount of SMA 
1 and SMA 2 and SMA 0, if possible? 

 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Yes. Total SMA book is Rs 31,488 crore. Out of that, SMA 0 is Rs 12,000 crore, SMA 1 is Rs 
8,000 crore, SMA 2 is almost Rs 11,000 crore. So, Rs 11,000 crore and Rs 8,000 crore, on Rs 
19,000 crore, 10%. 
 
Jai Mundhra, Analyst  
 
Right. Right. Okay. And sir, on ECL number, so assuming, do you intend do you have a number 
in mind which you want to reach, or now you have 10% on both SMA 1, 2, you are there? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
No, no, not there. Of course, because, see, that guidelines say, simply one guideline. They are 
saying LGD of 65%. That itself huge demand will generate. Then they are saying on 
restructured, they said all 100% PD. So, huge amount will be required. So, many things. Let 
us see how it pans out. But yes, of course, I will be working on to minimize the impact going 
forward as far as possible in the first quarter itself or in the second quarter so that we can 
absorb all these. 
 
Jai Mundhra, Analyst  
 
Correct. Correct. So, sir, what would be your assessment? Let's say you have around                
Rs 10 to 19 hundred crore as standard assets provisioning. Where do you want to reach? I 
mean, would it be like Rs 5,000-10,000 crore? How much will be that amount? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
  
See, I mean, you cannot reach unless you have a profit. So, I have to worry of the ROA also. 
I have to see other parameters also. But any surplus whatever we are getting, maintaining 
ROA, etc. we will try to give cushion to the balance sheet. Not any specific number in mind. 
 
Jai Mundhra, Analyst  
 
Okay. Sir, other Banks have given, like, 1% of RWA number. So that is why I was just trying 
to benchmark. So, let's say, your RWA number would be around Rs 4 lakh crore. Other Banks 
have said around 1% of RWA. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Jai, I'm telling you scenario. Say, if they are accepting the request of the Banks that 
restructured asset not 100%, they still make, say, 50%, there will be huge impact. They accept 
to the request of, say, LGD from 65% to 60%, there will be huge impact. So, I mean, the Banks 
are giving their best-case scenario. There is worst-case scenario. So, who is talking what, we 
don't know. 
 

 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Jai Mundhra, Analyst  
 
Okay. Sure, sure. Sure. 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)  
  
Jai, please fall back in the queue. 
 
Jai Mundhra, Analyst  
 
Sure. Okay. Thank you. Thanks a lot, sir. 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)  
  
Next question, we'll take from Antariksha. Antariksha, please unmute yourself. 
 
Antariksha, Analyst  
 
Got it. Yeah, yeah. Good evening, sir. Sir, just two questions. One is, in the jewel loan or gold 
loan portfolio, can you tell us what is the incremental LTV that you're doing business in? Both 
in retail and in agri. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
  
Somewhere around 65%. 
 
Shri Chandrasekaran V, General Manager (RBD & FI) 
  
Sir, in agriculture, we are having 75%, sir, as of now. And other retail and MSME, it is ranging 
from 65% to 75%. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
But we have done one thing. We are taking price of the gold on the moving average. 
 
Antariksha, Analyst 
 
Okay. So, it's one-month, three-month moving average, something like that, isn't it? 
 
Shri Chandrasekaran V, General Manager (RBD & FI) 
 
Last 30 days or last day, whichever is less, we are taking. 
 
Antariksha, Analyst  
 
Okay. Okay, sure. And the second thing is, sir, you mentioned about bulk deposit rates going 

 
Page 15 of 21 
 
up incrementally. I'm assuming these would most likely be about three months, six months 
tenure, right? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Up to one year also. 
 
Shri Brajesh Kumar Singh, Executive Director 
 
Across all buckets. 
 
Antariksha, Analyst  
 
So, if you just do a blended duration, what would be the incremental bulk rate today? I mean, 
if you were to do fresh borrowings, be it six months, one year, whatever it is. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
  
Not less than 6.70% to 6.80%. 
 
Antariksha, Analyst   
 
So, then I was thinking, if your incremental borrowing of short-tenor loans is at 6.70% to 6.80%, 
and there are some loans which, your total yield on book today is about 8.1%. And so, fresh 
yield, I'm sure, would be less than that. There is a spread of 100-125 basis points on 
incremental basis for some loans, if you take the most expensive source of liability and the 
most cheapest cost of assets. So, if you load your costs and some credit cost on that, 
incremental basis, there are some loans which are hardly making ROA, no. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Yeah, yeah. That's why, that is the reason if you see our corporate. In corporate we are, I 
mean, very careful in giving the rates. 
 
Antariksha, Analyst  
 
But if that is the case with you, it should be true for the whole system, right? Why is pricing still 
so low is my question. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
See, everybody pursues their different strategies. Somebody pursues aggressive growth. 
Somebody thinks about moderate growth. Somebody thinks about bottom line. So, depends 
on the strategy of the person, I can say. And bulk if you see, for us, bulk is around only 18% 
of the total deposit. 

 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Antariksha, Analyst 
  
Yes, yes, you mentioned that. Correct. And that number should be going down, right? Because 
the rates are high. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Going down, I mean, depends. Going down, going up, cannot say. That will depend on the 
market situation. But endeavour will be to get it down or maintain at this level. 
 
Antariksha, Analyst  
 
Yeah. Okay. Thank you, sir. 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)   
 
Thank you, Antariksha. Next question, we'll take from Ajmera ji. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst  
 
Yes, sir. Sir, my one question was on, basically a general question, but it is impacting everyone 
today, that what is going geopolitically in the world. The kind of disturbances and of course, 
started with Trump tariff, and now so many things are happening, and it is affecting various 
businesses at various levels. So, first thing is that, have we made any assessment of a kind 
that all these sanctions and so many turbulences and the tariffs and other things, whether our, 
if we look at our customer profile, even a smaller businessman, MSMEs, or this thing that is 
there any sizable impact going to be anywhere, and are we prepared for that? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
  
So, I will, say, reply to you in two part. First of all, what will be the impact on growth because 
of the geopolitical tensions. This year also, a lot of geopolitical tensions are there, but still our 
economy is doing good. So, I expect our economy also, and if you see, most of the external 
agencies also are saying that Indian economy will be the fastest-growing economy and will 
grow in the range of 6.5% to 7%. So, don't see any challenge on the growth part. Number one.  
If you don't say any challenge on the growth part, I think impact on, I mean, asset quality should 
also be not huge. Next question, any particular impact to the tariff? Tariff, yes, we have 
assessment. We are not seeing much impact. Our total export business is very minuscule. 
Exposure to US is only 4% to 5%. So, I am not seeing any much of the impact of that. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst 
  
Okay, that's good to know. And sir, one last thing. On gold loan portfolio, and in that also, the 
bifurcation between the gold agri loans and non-agri loans, and what kind of yield are we 
having on the gold loans of both agri and non-agri? And in our growth plan, are we aggressively 

 
Page 17 of 21 
 
pushing gold loans? And similarly, our funding through the NBFC, or NBFC funding, whether 
co-lending or a direct lending, and what is the picture there, and are we, I mean, similarly 
bullish on that also? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
No. You see, gold loan is a very safe type of loan. Only risk we carry is that if some fraud 
happens. So, we have put in various measures to avoid fraud. And since we were traditionally 
doing, so our system is robust. So, don't see much of the challenge on that. Yield we are 
getting good yield. 8.70% we are getting approximately. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst  
 
That is overall or non-agri? 
 
Shri Chandrasekaran V, General Manager (RBD & FI) 
 
Overall. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst  
 
Okay. Good. I mean, it's a reasonably good yield. 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)  
  
Yeah, thank you. Ajmera ji, I think we'll have to move to next question. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst  
 
No, no. No problem, no problem. Thank you for even giving this much opportunity. 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)   
 
Sure, sure. Sure, sir. Next question, we'll take from Darshil. Darshil, please unmute yourself. 
 
Darshil, Analyst 
 
Hello. Yeah, hi. Sorry, all my questions are answered. Just one question from my end. Sir, in 
terms of credit growth, when we are trying to reach double digit, 10% to 12%, are we looking 
that may be next year, with good GDP numbers expected and good growth happening, can 
we aim for a higher, level of growth? Is that or may be just 15% or something? like is there you 
know any type of plan being formulated to reach that growth or are we you know willing to just 
have around you know topline growth of 10-12%. 
 
 

 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
I think 12% to 13% growth is good, Darshil. Because see, if you pursue very aggressive growth 
no, then you will start asking why your NPA is going up. So, because of that reason, we are 
pursuing very, I mean, growth so that our NPA should not go up. I am more remain more 
worried about that. Risk should not build up. See, because risk is always built up in the good 
time. So, I always remain careful of that. 
 
Darshil, Analyst 
  
Okay, okay. Fair enough, sir. Fair. Yeah, that's it from my side. Thank you. 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)   
 
Sure. Last question, we'll take from Sushil Choksey. Sir, keep your questions limited and sir, 
before, I think, when Ajmera sir was asking, one question which came in the chat box was that 
have you done or basically extended any moratorium to the MSMEs? And if yes, what's your 
quantum? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
MSMEs, you mean to the forex business? 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)   
 
The export-related disruption, which has come, yeah. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
So far, we have not extended. 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)   
 
Okay. Sure. Yeah, Sushil, you can unmute yourself and ask your question. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst  
 
Congratulations to team Indian Bank for excellent performance, and market is also rewarding. 
Sir, my first question. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Thank you, Choksey ji. 
 
 

 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst  
 
If I take 12-24-month outlook, what would be a balance between RAM and corporate book? 
Any Board policy or direction? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
We will like to maintain same ratio. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst 
  
65:35% 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
  
Yeah, 65:35. Reason I am telling you because, see, as a responsible Banking, we also need 
to participate in the building up of the country. And if you don't do corporate, then Banks don't 
do, then who will do? I mean, infrastructure lending, we have to do. So, as a part of a strategy, 
we like to maintain between 65:35. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst  
 
Second thing, sir, when you are working so efficiently on RAM, on the digital stack, you have 
announced many products. You have launched and spent a lot of money. What is likely capex 
for next 12-24 months to be more efficient, more connected system, tapping salary account 
host to host system many other systems, supply chain. What kind of spend will we do to garner 
a bigger pie from the existing wallet? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
  
Around Rs 2,000 crore per annum. Including both capex and opex. Because majority of IT 
expenditure is also coming in the shape of opex. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst  
 
Sir, it's a hypothetical question. Let's assume that our book value next year is Rs 600, and if 
your stock is trading at nearing 1.82 times book value, will you dilute equity, or equity is not 
required at all? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
No, no. Otherwise, equity is not required at all. But if that's why I have if you see, even this 
year, I have kept approval from the Board for QIP, up to Rs 5,000 crore. If you get opportunity, 
we can, of course. But as a part we don't need as of now. Already at 16.58%. So, in March, it 
will cross 18%. 

 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst  
 
You may not need equity, but the market? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Yeah, yeah, I may not need. That's why Enabling clause I have kept, which I would like to keep 
next year also. If some good opportunity is coming, we can, I mean, get good rate, why not? 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst  
 
So, anyway, on the international book, it seems a lot of opportunities are coming from Indian 
promoters, specifically in the geography we are present. What is our outlook on that segment 
specifically in financing the entities which are Pan-India but growing overseas, people are 
shifting from Bangladesh to Sri-lanka for textile, auto ancillary also repositioning some of the 
location you already said, EV you are doing, battery management led to solar and other things 
are coming, so, what kind of a situation we are in where these kind of pipelines are concerned? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
No, no, these type of pipeline, good number of people. If you see, I give you just one number. 
My growth in green finance itself is around 60%. So, we have good pipeline of that also, and 
we are open to get any opportunity. Only thing I remain cautious, only one thing always in 
green finance. I mean, good name, we will do. Because many new players are coming. I don't 
want to take that risk, and they don't have much expertise, and they ultimately would end up 
in trouble and bring Bank also into trouble. So, good names, good background, good proven 
history, we are doing, and we remain open to that. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst  
 
Sir, out of the  pipeline of Rs 50,000 crore corporate book, which you indicated, how much 
would be manufacturing? 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO 
  
That I will give you, Sushil ji.  
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)  
  
Sir, I think in the interest of time, we'll have to take that as a last question. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst  
 
Thank you, and all the best, sir. 
 

 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)   
 
With this, we come to the end of the Indian Bank's post-results conference call of Q3 FY26.  
I now request the management to give their closing remarks. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
I think we have already discussed so many things, and very relevant questions had come. But 
we have taken few initiatives and few things I would like to discuss as a concluding remark. 
We are investing usually in IT, and benefit of that is accruing, but not to the extent I desire. Lot 
of initiative we are taking how we can digitally onboard our customers. We are seeing good 
traction also, and good benefit also we are seeing. Like, my target is, say, my total digital 
business is 15%. I want to take it up to 50% in next two to three years. December to January, 
I have internally set a target that we will double the business figure in five years December last 
December. So that means more than 25 lakh crore by Dec-2029 and we are on track of that 
also. 
  
We have plan of using AI in various segment of the Banking. And we are already in discussion 
or in or at some stage, use of AI in current opening, cross-sell module, personal finance 
management, automatic grievance redressal mechanism, then suspicious transaction 
reporting. So, these are the few sectors we are working on where we can use AI and be more 
proactive rather than reactive. And we will continue focusing on RAM and CASA. As I told, my 
half of the time goes on CASA, but that is worth investing. If I can maintain this percentage of 
CASA, that will be worth investing. So, with that, I mean, whatever guidance we have given, 
we are on track in most of the parameters.  
 
Thank you. 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global)   
 
Sure, sir. So, yeah, on behalf of Emkay and the management of Indian Bank, I thank all the 
participants for joining. Happy evening, and a good day. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst  
 
On behalf of all the participants, I thank the management and to you also, Anand. 
 
Shri Binod Kumar, MD & CEO  
 
Thank you, Ajmera ji. I also thank all the participants for sparing their time and joining the 
conference. Thank you. Good evening. 
 
 
