 
Date: February 20, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
 
 
 
 
 
Dalal Street  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
 
 
 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Ref: NSE Symbol- RUPA / BSE Scrip Code- 533552 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on February 13, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated February 10, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript 
of the Earnings Conference Call held on February 13, 2026, to discuss the Unaudited (Standalone and 
Consolidated) Financial Results of Rupa & Company Limited (“the Company”) for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2025.  
 
The same will also be made available on the Company’s website at https://rupa.co.in/con-call-
transcripts-audio . 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rupa & Company Limited 
 
 
 
Sumit Jaiswal  
  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
SUMIT 
JAISWAL
Digitally signed by 
SUMIT JAISWAL 
Date: 2026.02.20 
15:37:27 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
 
“Rupa & Company Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 13, 2026 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIKASH AGARWAL -- WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
RUPA & COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. SUMIT KHOWALA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
RUPA & COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. OMKAR BAGWE – MUFG INTIME 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rupa & Company Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 7 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Rupa & Company Limited Q3 and 9 Months 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Omkar Bagwe. Thank you, and over to you. 
Omkar Bagwe: 
Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the earnings conference call 
to discuss Q3 and 9-month FY '26 results of Rupa & Company Limited. On behalf of Rupa & 
Company Limited, I'm delighted to welcome you all to this call. Thank you for taking the time 
out to discuss our latest financial results and performance. 
 
To discuss our results, we have with us from the management, Mr. Vikash Agarwal, Whole-
Time Director; and Mr. Sumit Khowala, the Chief Financial Officer. They will take you through 
the results, and then we will proceed to Q&A session. 
 
Before we proceed to the call, a small disclaimer. This conference may contain certain forward-
looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations 
as on date of this call. The actual results may differ materially. These statements are not 
guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
A detailed safe harbor statement is also given on Page 2 of the company's investor presentation. 
Now I would like to hand the call over to Mr. Vikash Agarwal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vikash Agarwal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Rupa & Company Limited, I 
extend a very warm welcome to all the participants joining us today for our Q3 and 9-month 
financial results year '26 results conference call. We appreciate your continued agreement, and 
I trust you have reviewed the financial results and investor presentation available on the stock 
exchanges. 
 
Our company delivered a steady performance this quarter with consistent consumption trend 
across our key markets. Revenue was driven by a favorable product mix with the mid-premium 
segment leading volume growth. However, pricing conditions are increasingly competitive 
across segments with heightened trade scheme exerting above normal pressure on net 
realization. Consequently, margins reflected the impact of these elevated competitive intensity 
during the quarter. 
 
On an overall basis, volume mix delivered 3% growth during the quarter, offset by a 3.8% 
adverse pricing impact. Revenues for the quarter stood at INR313.5 crores, marginally down by 
0.9% year-on-year. Revenue for 9 months stood at INR817.6 crores versus INR823.8 crores 
year-on-year. PAT margin for the quarter and 9 months stood at 5.2% and 4.4%, respectively, 
versus 7.5% and 6.4%, respectively, year-on-year. 
 
Exports continue to demonstrate healthy traction with year-on-year growth of 28%, contributing 
4% to revenues. Modern trade, including e-commerce contributed 6% to revenues during the 9 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rupa & Company Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 7 
 
months, reflecting the calibrated channel expansion in the competitive landscape. We remain 
disciplined on working capital management. 
 
Our company generated operating cash flow of INR49 crores during the 9 months. As of 31st 
December 2025, cash surplus stood at INR41 crores, reflecting our prudent financial 
management and strong liquidity position. While the company continues to prioritize volume-
led growth in near term, we believe this sets a resilient base for margin recovery as pricing 
pressure moderates anchored by a diversified brand portfolio and continued emphasis on 
operational efficiencies. 
 
With this, I would now like to hand over to our CFO, Sumit Khowala, to take you through the 
financial highlights of the quarter and 9 months. 
Sumit Khowala: 
Thank you, sir, and good afternoon to everyone. Thank you for joining us on the quarter 3 and 
9 months FY '26 earnings call. I will now take you through the key financial highlights for the 
period. 
 
For quarter 3 FY '26, revenue from operations stood at INR313.5 crores, registering a degrowth 
of 0.9% year-on-year basis. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR25.7 crores as compared to 
INR38.0 crores same period last year, registering a degrowth of around 32% on Y-o-Y basis. 
The EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 8.2%, down by 380 basis points year-on-year. The 
net profit for the period is INR16.2 crores as against INR23.8 crores in quarter 3 FY '25, which 
degrew by 32% year-on-year. The PAT margin for the quarter stood at 5.2%, down by 230 basis 
points year-on-year. 
 
Now coming to the 9 months performance. Revenue from operations stood at INR817.6 crores, 
registering a marginal degrowth of around 0.8%. EBITDA for the period stood at INR60.3 crores 
as compared to INR84.5 crores same period last year, registering a degrowth of 29% on a year-
on-year basis. EBITDA margin for the period stood at 7.4%, down by 299 basis points. The net 
profit for the period is INR36.2 crores as against INR52.7 crores in 9 months FY '25, which 
degrew by 31% year-on-year. 
 
We remain committed to maintaining financial prudence and cost control while continuing to 
invest in brand and growth opportunities. Our focus remains on improving profitability through 
better product mix, efficient channel management and disciplined working capital practice. 
 
With this, I conclude my remarks and open the floor for question and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Vriddhi Vora from SAS Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Vriddhi Vora: 
So industry is facing like continuous pricing wars among the players. The margins are getting 
squeezed post COVID. What do you think when the same will be stabilized? 
Vikash Agarwal: 
I mean, short term, we don't see, but once the export demand picks up, we feel once the yarn 
prices get more firmer, I think the trends would change, which might take another few quarters. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rupa & Company Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 7 
 
Vriddhi Vora: 
Okay. Okay. And why are we seeing sharp decline in margins? 
Sumit Khowala: 
Yes. The main reason for decline in margin is because of the intense price competition going on 
in the market and our company adopted a policy of aggressive pricing strategies, which impacted 
our realizations, resulting in lower gross as well as operating margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Preeti Agarwal from SK Associates. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
I wanted to know that what are your capex plans along with marketing expenditures for FY '26? 
Sumit Khowala: 
There are no major capex plan. There will be routine capex of INR12 crores to INR15 crores. 
And for advertisement, our yearly budget is around 6% to 7%. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jay from Star Investment. 
Jay: 
Sir, what is your working capital in terms of days for 9 months and FY '26? 
Management: 
The working capital days for 9 months is around 230 days. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shubhankar Gupta from Equitree Capital. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Two questions from my side. First is, I just wanted to have a deeper glimpse of what is leading 
to this pricing pressure, which we have been talking about for the last 3, 4 quarters. And in line 
with that, what are the trade discounts which we've offered for the 3 months and the 9 months 
period for FY '26? 
Sumit Khowala: 
Yes. Basically pricing pressure in terms of providing aggressive schemes to our dealers in order 
to be competitive in the market. And in order to match the price of the peers, we have to -- not 
only we have to pass scheme, but also we have to extend the credit period sometime. And the 
total discount or schemes would be around 12%. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
12%. So it's -- I think gone from around 8%, 9% to 12% now. So sir, ideally, how we are thinking 
about this is that ideally, it should have led to some sales growth as well, right? That is the whole 
purpose of giving heavy trade discounts. But even that is not happening. So why in that view is 
not happening according to you? 
Sumit Khowala: 
We have rationalized this price since last quarter. So we are expecting that the sales volume will 
get up in this quarter or quarters to come. It would take time because the price has been 
rationalized recently. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, second point is since this industry, as you said that has been on aggressive 
pricing, which is now translating to low growth across, right? So when and why should that 
reverse? And sir, of course, like exports are a very small part for us, as you mentioned. So like 
what except exports do you think will lead to a growth for us in the coming years, not quarters, 
but years? 
Vikash Agarwal: 
So we are focusing on other channels like e-commerce, export, modern trade, all these are new 
channels which we need to focus on and the new areas we are getting into and new ranges like 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rupa & Company Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 7 
 
Athleisure and Activewear. So those are the ranges and a lot into womenswear also. So women's 
wear also, we are launching a lot of new products, which are very reasonable in price. So a recent 
trend, we are seeing that price, market is becoming very price sensitive. 
 
So we are trying to create new portfolio where acceptance is more and we have a large number 
of market share, which is acceptable, not into GT, but Modern Trade also. So this is how -- of 
course, we need to grow with these numbers and business doesn't make sense for anybody to 
with such margins at all. So revenues, and I'm sure in coming quarters, we'll be able to have 
better performance. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
So you mentioned that like there are, I think, 4 areas, right, X-Factor areas, Modern Trade, 
Exports and Government primarily. So we have actually seen a degrowth in modern trade from 
INR51 crores to now INR50 crores in the last 9 months, right? So ... 
Vikash Agarwal: 
It's almost same, but we are increasing the team also. We are talking aggressively to a lot of 
chains and other formats also. So we are sure in coming quarters, we'll have a much better 
performance there. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Okay. Sir, any guidance on what -- like in terms of how we are looking at modern trade and 
what is the revenue growth we can anticipate from that? 
Vikash Agarwal: 
Next quarter, we'll -- because it's a new team and we have engaged a lot of new team for this. 
Maybe by next quarter, we'll be able to share a better concrete number. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Got it. And were we able to, sir, like hire the Head of Sales? Head of Sales, which I think there 
was some attrition on that front. So have we been able to find a replacement like, like-to-like 
replacement? 
Vikash Agarwal: 
Attrition for? 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Head of sales. 
Vikash Agarwal: 
Yes, Head of Sales, we have got one. We have got an experienced who has recently joined 2 
weeks back. So we'll speak about it maybe next quarter. So once we get settled and all. So -- but 
yes, somebody has joined in the senior position. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Isha Murthy from MAS Capital Investment. Please go 
ahead. The next question comes from the line of Rajiv Jain from Arcan Investment. Please go 
ahead.  
Rajiv Jain: 
So I just have a couple of questions. So firstly, the mid and premium products are driving growth. 
So how are the economy and premium segments performing in comparison to that? 
Sumit Khowala: 
This quarter, the economy segment didn't perform well compared to mid-premium and the 
premium segment. But going forward, we are sure that the growth will also come from the 
economy segment. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rupa & Company Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 7 
 
Rajiv Jain: 
Okay. And sir, secondly, gross margin fell to 26.3% in quarter 3 versus 29.4% a year ago. So to 
what extent is this decline attributable to mix or pricing or raw material cost? And what gross 
margin range do you consider sustainable for FY '26? Could you throw some light on that? 
Sumit Khowala: 
The decline is basically because of aggressive discounts and schemes floated in the market. And 
it will continue in the near term, but in the long run, it will be stabilized. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jiya Manik from JMK Capital. 
Jiya Manik: 
Sir, my question was given the flat revenue and pressure on realization, how are you managing 
the channel inventory? Is there any further risk of discounting? 
Sumit Khowala: 
I didn't get you. Can you please repeat? 
Jiya Manik: 
Yes. The revenue has been a little flat and pressure -- there has been some pressure on the 
realization. So how are you managing the channel inventory? Like is there any risk of further 
discounting? 
Sumit Khowala: 
No, these are all structural discount, not for clearance of inventory.  
Vikash Agarwal: 
And nothing to do with the channel -- with the current inventory now. 
Jiya Manik: 
Okay. And sir, how is Macroman MSeries, Macroman performing versus legacy Rupa brand? 
Like what is the revenue mix split across premium, mid-premium and economy? 
Sumit Khowala: 
The revenue mix for economy segment is around 31% - 33%, mid-premium is around 55% -
58% and for premium, it's around 10% to 11%. 
Jiya Manik: 
Okay, got it sir. And sir, the 9-month volume growth at 2%, what underpins your confidence 
that volumes can accelerate meaningfully in FY '27? 
Vikash Agarwal: 
As mentioned, we are focusing on other new channels like modern trade, e-commerce and all 
we have to focus on export as well. So of course, we -- our continued focus will be there on GT 
and the new areas. But for the new channels we are building up, we have built up a strong team 
and those numbers should come from other channels as well. And on top of that, we are building 
an aggressive portfolio, which is more price sensitive, which would be -- which has more easy 
acceptance in the market, seeing the current competitive scenario. 
Jiya Manik: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, what would be the anticipated time frame for this price normalization? 
Sumit Khowala: 
I didn't get it. It is very low. 
Vikash Agarwal: 
Next 2 - 3 quarters. 
Moderator: 
Ms. Jiya, when you are speaking, we cannot hear you properly. Your voice is very low. 
Jiya Manik: 
Sir, my question was that what is the anticipated time frame for your price normalization? 
Vikash Agarwal: 
Next 2 - 3 quarters at least. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rupa & Company Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 7 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Omkar Bagwe for closing remarks. 
Omkar Bagwe: 
Yes. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I would like to thank the management for sparing 
the time and answering all the queries. We are MUFG Intime, Investor Relations Advisers for 
Rupa & Company Limited. For any queries, please feel free to contact us. Thank you, everyone, 
and have a great day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Rupa & Company Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
