 
Regd. Office: E-18, Defence Colony, New Delhi 110024, Ph No.011- 44114411 www.medanta.org, info@medanta.org, CIN: L85110DL2004PLC128319 
   February 09, 2026 
 
   Ref:- GHL/2025-26/EXCH/103 
 
The General Manager 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543654 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: MEDANTA 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
held on Thursday, February 05, 2026, for the Third Quarter and Nine-months ended                    
December 31, 2025 financial results. 
 
The Transcript is also available at our website: https://www.medanta.org/investor-relation 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
 
For Global Health Limited     
 
 
 
Rahul Ranjan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A17035 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
RAHUL 
RANJAN
Digitally signed by 
RAHUL RANJAN 
Date: 2026.02.09 
18:12:33 +05'30'

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Global Health Limited – Medanta  
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 05, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. NARESH TREHAN – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED – MEDANTA 
 
MR. PANKAJ SAHNI – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
& DIRECTOR, GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED – MEDANTA 
 
MR. YOGESH KUMAR GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED – MEDANTA 
 
MR. RAVI GOTHWAL – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED – MEDANTA 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMEY CHALKE – JM FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONAL 
SECURITIES LIMITED. 

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Global Health Limited Q3 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Amey Chalke from JM Financial Institutional Securities 
Limited. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Amey Chalke: 
Thank you, Pari. Good afternoon and warm welcome to all the participants on Global Health Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call hosted by JM Financial. 
Today on this call, we have with us from the Management, Dr. Naresh Trehan – Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. Pankaj Sahni – Group CEO & Director, Mr. Yogesh Kumar Gupta – Chief 
Financial Officer, and Mr. Ravi Gothwal – Head of Investor Relations. 
I will now hand over the call to Dr. Trehan for his Opening Remarks. Thank you and over to you, 
doctor. 
Dr. Naresh Trehan: 
Thank you. Good afternoon to everyone and welcome to Medanta's Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call. I hope all of you have had the opportunity to review the Results and Presentations that were 
released yesterday. 
At Medanta, our primary focus continues to be on delivering high-quality, patient-centric care across 
our network, supported by strong clinical governance, robust processes, and continuous investment 
in medical expertise and infrastructure. 
During the quarter, the company remained firmly committed to strengthening its clinical program, 
expanding across tertiary and quaternary care, and ensuring consistent clinical outcomes across its 
hospital network. 
As doctors, we remain deeply concerned about the rising cancer burden in India, where early 
detection continues to be the most-effective intervention. In this context, we launched a large-scale 
cancer awareness program during the last six months, focusing on Breast and Prostate Cancers. The 
initiatives were aimed at dispelling prevalent myths, promoting self-examination, and encouraging 
timely medical intervention. 

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
To meet the growing demand for advanced oncology care, our Gurugram facility commissioned its 
5th Radiation Oncology Machine, significantly enhancing treatment capacity and adding some of the 
latest technology to this field. 
I would like to acknowledge the dedication of our doctors, clinical teams, and support staff, who's 
collective expertise and commitment remain central to maintaining the highest standards of care 
while delivering personalized, patient-centric outcomes across our hospitals. 
Our recently commissioned Noida Hospital completed its first full quarter of operations during this 
period. The hospital made encouraging progress across clinical onboarding, outreach initiatives, and 
infrastructure activation, thereby laying a strong foundation for the ramp-up of business operations 
and the delivery of high-quality healthcare services, not only to Noida city, but also across western 
Uttar Pradesh. 
I am also pleased to share that Medanta, Lucknow has received the Prestigious Joint Commission 
International (JCI) quality accreditation in January 2026. Medanta, Lucknow is the first hospital in 
the region to be accredited by JCI. This certification reaffirms our commitment to deliver the highest 
global standards of clinical quality and patient safety in the region where we operate. 
With that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Pankaj Sahni, our Group CEO, who will take you 
through the financials and operational performance in detail. Thank you. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Thank you, Dr. Trehan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our  
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call. 
Let me begin with the financial performance for Q3 FY26: 
Total income for the quarter stood at Rs.11,428 million, delivering a robust 19% year-on-year 
growth, driven by sustained momentum across all our hospitals and continued improvements in 
operating metrics. 
EBITDA, excluding Noida, grew by 11% year-on-year to Rs.2,814 million, with healthy margins of 
25.4%, underscoring the resilience and operating leverage of our balanced portfolio. EBITDA, 
including Noida, stood at Rs.2,494 million, with margins of 21.8%, reflecting the expected impact 
of early-stage operating losses from our newest hospital. 
Medanta, Noida, which commenced operations in September 2025, completed its first full quarter of 
operations during Q3. The hospital generated Rs.343 million in revenue and reported an EBITDA 
loss of Rs.320 million in line with the investment required to operationalize a facility of this scale 
and high standard. 

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
At Noida, we accelerated the ramp-up with the addition of 102 beds, taking the total bed count to  
328 beds, with 9 new operation theatres added this quarter, taking the total count to 14 operation 
theatres. This is also supported by significant strengthening of our clinical teams. We remain 
confident of steady improvement in utilization and financial performance over the coming quarters. 
Consolidated profit after tax stood at Rs.950 million, impacted by higher depreciation and finance 
costs related to Noida, initial operating losses and a one-time statutory impact of Rs.366 million, 
arising from the implementation of new labor codes classified as an exceptional item. Adjusting for 
labor codes impact, profit after tax was Rs.1,224 million. 
We also saw encouraging momentum in international business; international patient revenue grew 
by 30% year-on-year to Rs.703 million, driven by higher volumes, while our OPD pharmacy business 
grew 30% to Rs.465 million. 
Operationally, the quarter demonstrated strong traction across the network. We added 144 beds, 
including 42 beds in Patna and 102 beds in Noida. Inpatient volumes grew by 14%, while outpatient 
volumes increased by 20% year-on-year. Our average length of stay reduced to 3.02 days, a 7%  
year-on-year improvement, while occupied bed days increased by 7%, translating into an occupancy 
of approximately 59% on expanded bed days. ARPOB increased by 10% to Rs.67,361, supported by 
improvements in ALOS and case mix. 
Moving on to matured and developing performance update: 
Our mature hospital consisting of Medanta, Gurugram, Indore and Ranchi delivered steady 
performance with revenue of Rs.7,020 million, up 9% year-on-year and EBITDA of Rs.1,675 
million, up 7%, with margins of 23.9%. Matured margins during the period were impacted due to 
increase in employee costs and other operating expenses, including repairs and maintenance. 
Our developing hospitals excluding Noida continue to outperform, recording 22% revenue growth to 
Rs.3,651 million and EBITDA of Rs.1,156 million, growth of 13%, with strong margins of 31.7% in 
Q3 FY26. 
If we look at nine-months performance, both Lucknow and Patna facility continues to deliver double-
digit growth in revenue and EBITDA, with Lucknow margins registering over 150 basis points 
improvements year-on-year, while Patna margins remain stable. 
Developing hospitals including Noida stood at Rs.3,994 million, up 33% year-on-year, while 
EBITDA stood at Rs.836 million with margins of 20.9%, reflecting the expected drag from early-
stage operations in Noida. 

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Inpatient volumes across developing hospitals increased by 27% year-on-year, with overall 
occupancy at 62% and ARPOB rising 8% to Rs.56,853. 
Project Update. During the first nine months of FY26, bed capacity increased by 18% year-on-year 
with addition of 537 beds, comprising 99 beds at Patna, 110 beds at Ranchi and 328 beds at Medanta 
Noida. 
We continue to have meaningful headroom for growth within our existing network, with the potential 
to add 496 beds through Brownfield expansions, including 193 beds at Lucknow, 81 beds at Patna 
and 222 beds at Noida. These additions are expected to drive near to medium-term growth with 
minimal incremental capex. 
On the expansion front, our pipeline continues to progress well. In Guwahati, barricading is complete 
and drawings have been submitted for approvals. In Mumbai, land acquisition is complete, additional 
FSI approvals have been received and drawings submitted for approval. In South Delhi, construction 
activities are underway following the completion of site surveys and soil testing. Pitampura, New 
Delhi project is going through the regulatory approvals phase. 
Overall, nine months of FY26 reflect disciplined execution across the organization. Our core 
hospitals remain stable, developing hospitals continue to scale efficiently and Medanta, Noida is 
progressing in line with the expectations during its ramp-up phase. We remain confident that these 
investments will create sustainable value for all stakeholders. 
With this, I would now request the operator to open the line for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Tushar from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Tushar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, firstly the clarification, like in your opening remarks you highlighted 
about Lucknow and Patna margins. If you could just spell out again? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So, if you look at our developing hospitals performance, if you look at the presentation on the Investor 
Presentation, on slide #16, you will see that we have seen an income growth of 28% from the nine 
months’ period, this is excluding Noida, where the revenue has grown from Rs.813 crores to Rs.1,040 
crores. And if you look at the margins, that has also increased. In fact, the margins have increased 
from 30.0% to 31.1%, excluding Noida. And then if you factor in Noida, that is because of Noida 
loss, so that is coming to 25.0%. So, I hope that is the question if you are asking, Tushar. 
Tushar: 
Sir, on Lucknow particularly, how has been the margin scale up? 

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Pankaj Sahni: 
On Lucknow, we have done very well. Over the course of the last nine months or so, as I mentioned 
in the opening remarks, we have seen a margin expansion of over 150-basis points when you look at 
it on a nine month to nine-month basis. 
Tushar: 
Got it, sir. And secondly, now with respect to Noida, we have almost on-boarded 220 doctors. Are 
we more or less now done with in terms of on-boarding doctors or what is the sort of target as far as 
doctors are concerned, and how it has been like maybe the initial fillers with respect to Noida facility? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes, so as you are aware, we do not stop hiring doctors even after several years. But, of course, the 
hiring to be able to start the services is more or less underway. There are some departments which 
are still not active in Noida. So, some of the departments which are not active in Noida is that 
December 31st, would be the Pediatrics Department, the Obstetrics Department, Liver Transplant 
Department. Some of the departments is in some of the more niche specialties like Vascular Surgery. 
So, we are still continuing to look at these departments and hiring. But, I would say that the majority 
of the hiring has been undertaken, including adding in some of the talent to support the key teams. 
So, we now expect that most of that hiring is finished.  
But, like I said, if we do find that we need to bring in more talent, we will not stop that hiring that 
will continue. And wherever the departments are not there, as I mentioned, that hiring will take place. 
I do not know whether it will happen immediately in the next few months or whether that will happen 
subsequent to March 31st, but that will be as per our availability of beds and our availability of talent 
and our plans as we move forward. 
Tushar: 
Got it. And just lastly now that it is like three - four months into operation, so broadly, what kind of 
ARPOB is like as a starting point so to say, of course, this will further improve with the change in 
case mix, payer mix, but currently, if you could share what kind of ARPOB we are having at Noida 
Hospital.? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
ARPOBs in Noida Hospital are coming currently much higher than Gurgaon. But, I would not 
necessarily use this as a proxy for extending out into many months into the future, because we have 
just started, we have now signed up about four or five major insurance contracts, other insurance 
contracts are coming onboard. We have not yet taken any of the panels in Noida that may come on 
as we move forward in line with our broader philosophy of serving every strata of society and every 
category of patients. Right now, the ARPOBs are similar to Delhi ARPOBs, but I just caution that 
we should not assume that will maintain as we move forward. Once we have a more balanced, 
revenue mix, then you will see a slightly more balanced ARPOB as we move forward. 
Tushar: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devarsh Shah from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Devarsh Shah: 
Yes. Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to understand, like, could you typically state 
the employee-to-bed ratio for the hospital, because as per my understanding, the employee-to-bed 
ratio varies for the different specialty, so on the overall basis, what would it be for your hospital? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
I am not very sure, Devarsh, where you are getting these baselines from. We do not normally look at 
employee-to-bed ratios in any one area, because it varies very drastically depending on the nature of 
the specialty. So, neither have we ever published it, nor can I tell you that this is a standard number 
for a hospital. Just to give you a sense, a Liver Transplant department may have fewer beds, but very 
high number of clinical talent, whereas an Internal Medicine department may have a high number of 
beds and a very few number of doctors. So, it is not a very meaningful metric for us to look at in 
terms of any of the operational parameters. So, unfortunately, we do not have anything which we 
report out, which I can share with you. I am not sure if you have something deeper in mind in the 
question I can try to assist, but this metric, as such, we do not report. 
Devarsh Shah: 
Okay, sir. And the second question was, like, could you tell the total census beds for each unit? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Noida census beds right now is 187. Our total is about 2,665 as at December, and maybe I can get 
this send across to you from our investor relations team so we do not waste everybody else's time on 
the call. Each of the units will get the beds. Gurgaon is about 1,220 and Lucknow currently is 
operating at around 604. Patna the big facility is 386 is the census beds. But we will get this send to 
you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bansi Desai from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Bansi Desai: 
Thanks for taking my question. So, firstly, on Noida, how should we think about the losses from here 
on? I am assuming these would be the peak kind of losses that we report in the quarter given we have 
added doctors and a large part of commissioning expenses would be sitting in this quarter, and 
therefore, as the unit ramps up, should we see losses coming down? And also, given the fact that we 
are expected to add another 200+ beds here over the next one year, how should we see the loss 
trajectory? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes. So, I mean, I hope so that we have seen the peak of the losses. You are right. If you look at our 
scale-up of clinicians, we added in a whole bunch of clinicians from September to November. And 
even within this quarter, if I was to really see, the performance really was more in terms of volumes 
growth, more started towards the second half of this quarter. So, you do not even see complete three 
months of run rate. So, we are seeing now, especially December and as we move into January, a 
better run rate trajectory on the revenue. So, of course, that will help with the loss containment. I do 
not know exactly when it will be fully concluded.  

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
One thing I just want to clarify for one of the earlier questions I had mentioned on the specialties, 
one thing which I forgot to mention is our Radiation Oncology and our Nuclear Medicine department, 
which is onboard in terms of the talent and the machines, that has not started yet. So, that is another 
thing I forgot to mention that the department which is currently missing.  
But you are right. As we scale up, we should see now the business coming in, our insurance contracts 
coming onboard, our corporate empanelments coming onboard. And really now the question is, 
getting down and actually ensuring that we are able to service the people of Noida and Western UP. 
So, much of the initial work is done, although some of the project work is still undergoing. But the 
hospital is fully functional now, subject to the departments that I mentioned. 
Bansi Desai: 
And when we think of adding 200 beds here, I would assume those would largely get absorbed with 
these 300 beds ramping up by that time? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes. So the additional beds would largely get absorbed with the teams which we have, plus some 
element of the teams which we are adding. So, I can tell you, for example, that we are already 
underway of creating our dedicated Transplant unit. So, although it was not completed and 
commissioned by December 31st, that is one area which we will be having, so, some of these 
additional beds will come into that. So, with the exception of really Transplant, which has dedicated 
infrastructure and maybe Obstetrics or Pediatrics, the rest of the infrastructure will more or less just 
scale up as and when the need is there and will be part of the existing clinical team. So, we do not 
see that there is any real need to hire new departments for filling those beds. 
Bansi Desai: 
All right, that is clear. And my second question is on the matured units. We have seen significant 
decline in ALOS there; 2.9 days. Is it a quarter phenomenon or do we expect structurally ALOS 
coming off there? So, that is one. And the second is, you mentioned on margins. You had higher 
employee costs and certain maintenance-related expenses. So, with those behind, should we expect 
the overall unit to see improvement in margins from the next quarters as you see your revenues 
growing? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes, so let me take that in two parts. First, when you look at the ALOS, I think just picking up one 
or two quarters may not be always appropriate, because there is some effects of how the seasons play 
out, how the Diwali holidays play out, how the certain seasonal diseases like Dengue, etc., play out, 
sometimes it is more in September, sometimes it is more in October. So I would suggest we look 
more at the annual or a nine-month basis at a minimum rather than quarter-on-quarter, just to get the 
numbers correct.  
That being said, the ALOS reductions are also driven a lot by the increasing work for Cancer. And 
given the growth which you see on the sales mix, and I think it is a phenomenon across the country 
where Cancer treatment and Cancer detection is increasing. So, a lot of the Cancer work is in the 

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
nature of radiation oncology or medical oncology, which has a daycare component to it. So, there is 
an increase in daycare. There is also some amount of difference this year versus last year with respect 
to patients who are more in the Dengue and some of the other respiratory diseases, which tend to 
have a slightly longer length of stay vis-à-vis some of the shorter procedural departments. Other than 
that, I do not see any very significant structural change. I mean, we already have a very aggressive 
length of stay.  
That being said, we continue to work, especially in some of the units like Patna and maybe even in 
Gurgaon, to actually ensure that we are optimizing our length of stay, and we will continue to try to 
see if we can convert a lot of the work from night stay to daycare. So, we want to work on how we 
also do things like improving discharge processes, streamlining the discharges for patients who are 
credit-patients. So, I mean, there is still some operational efficiencies I think we can bring in, but I 
think that three days length of stay for an ecosystem as complex as ours is very, very robust. 
Bansi Desai: 
Understood. And just on margin, are we done with our investments into maybe adding employees 
and maintenance expenses or we expect that to recur? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes, obviously, the employee costs are recurring costs, they incur every month. But I think if you go 
back to last three, four quarters, I had been mentioning that there is some amount of war for talent 
that is coming, is likely to come. We are also aggressively hiring across the unit. So, there will be 
some amount of optimization and balancing out of this as we stabilize our hiring, as well as how 
other hospitals look at hiring in the market. We will also look at operational efficiencies where we 
can bring about as much as possible, both on the manpower cost as well as on some of the other 
expenses.  
Some of these are cyclical in nature. So, for example, we do notice in our P&L that repairs and 
maintenance costs is whenever we have annual maintenance contracts coming up, which is out of 
warranty, new equipment comes out of warranty after maybe three, four years of procurement. Those 
come in and then they balance out over time. So depending on which horizon you are looking at, they 
more or less balance out. I do not see any very significant structural issues on the margins. I do 
believe there are efficiencies, especially in some of the older units that we can eke out, and we will 
work towards that. You will see some of those efficiencies are already playing out on some cost 
items; so, material costs are currently in the process of being optimized as we move, and we have 
seen some of that captured in the numbers so far, we hope that will continue. So, there will be some 
up and down across cost items, but overall, I think that we will be looking at trying to see whether 
we can get a couple of hundred basis points of efficiency out of the system as well. 
Bansi Desai: 
All right. I have more questions. I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manish Poddar from Invesco AMC. Please go ahead. 

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Manish Poddar: 
Just one question. So you said, I hope so for the peak losses to be behind for Noida. How are you 
thinking actually of the ramp up the other way around, let us say the initial expectation versus what 
you would have seen in the last few months, how do you think about getting to utilization, let us say 
40%, 50%, 60%, and how is the journey faster than earlier expectation, just any color on that would 
be helpful? 
Pankaj Sahni:: 
So I think, Manish, the journey is very much as per our expectations. I think that as we look at getting, 
everything settled, not only operationally, but also some of the project teams moving out of the 
system. We started out this hospital while it is currently being constructed as well. So, some of these 
things will stabilize, like I mentioned, just as an example, our Radiation Oncology doctor is onboard, 
but the machine is not yet live because we are waiting for the approvals from AERB.  
So, there will be some teething issues around this next couple of weeks, maybe months. But I think 
that, for the most part, we are now ready to fire on full cylinders. What that time frame exactly will 
be? I am not sure, but I do not think that we have seen anything happen in Noida, which is totally 
counter to what our expectations were either on hugely negative side or on the hugely positive side, 
more or less moving in line with what we expected. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Hi. Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is again on Noida, where 
you mentioned it is ramping up as per your expectation. So, just to clarify, the bed addition plan 
which you have, that will only be done once you have achieved cost breakeven at the existing bed 
set, right? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
No, I do not think that is the right way to think about it. So, again, without getting into too much 
specifics, our Noida facility is a single tower facility as opposed to Gurgaon, Lucknow and Patna, 
where we had two towers, where we were able to build one tower, then wait and fill it, then 
operationalize the second tower. Because of the structure of this building, we intend to complete the 
project work as and when the project teams are able to do it. So, we will not actually demobilize and 
start again once occupancy increases, we will continue to build throughout. It just ends up being more 
efficient that way. And while it may be beds coming in a few months before we need it, we feel it is 
the most efficient way. So, we would not stop the build out is the answer to the question. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. What will happen simultaneously, right, the ramp up the adjacent beds? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Correct. We will ramp up the adjacent beds. We will build out, now you may not hire every 
department, you may not hire the nurses for running one ward if the ward does not have patients, but 
the infrastructure and capex and the fit outs and all, we will conclude, and then we will see as and 
when we move out. We may also have some things in the back pocket for maybe one floor or so, 

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
depending on whether we need more ICUs or more OTs. You may need to optimize there. We are 
now seeing this after about four years performance in Patna. We are actually realizing that we may 
have a demand for additional procedure rooms as opposed to beds. So, we may actually redeploy 
some of the spaces which are allocated for beds to procedure rooms. So, today, I believe Patna is 
about 560 plus beds. So from the remaining 80 – 100 beds, I may choose to redeploy some beds to 
procedure areas, or we are trying to find if we can optimize there. So, barring these small adjustments, 
we will continue to build out Noida. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Got it. My second question is on the update which we heard on the CGHS rate revision some time 
back. So, anything you are picking up on that part in terms of your operations? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So CGHS rate revision has of course been beneficial for the industry. It has been a long demand after 
many, many years. There has been positive movement across the group on that in terms of tariff 
increases. We have captured some of that in the nine month numbers that you see. I think, high single 
digit in terms of gross is the impact on that. And, hopefully some of that will fall to the bottom line 
also. As we roll out, because these increases, I think, in middle or late Q2, so it is not even a full  
12 months of impact yet. So, if I remember correctly, it was maybe sometime around October. And 
then, also what happens is some of the other institutional companies that follow CGHS rates, they 
then follow up with their own orders, like the railways will follow up, saying, we also will activate 
these rates and so on and so forth. And also, we are working with our partners in Bihar that those 
rates are where we have PPP, those rates also get adjusted. So, the full year impact of this, I think, is 
not yet played out, but so far it has been positive. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
And did you mention some high single digit impact? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
That is right. I think it is somewhere in the range of Rs.7 to 10 crores of impact in nine months. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
And my last question is on your plan for price increase, which is obviously not your focus, but as 
you focus more on the volume growth, but in terms of taking price hike for some of your units where 
you have not taken price hike for long, are those done? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So, if I remember correctly, from our last call in September till December, I think no real price 
increases have been taken in Patna. We have taken price hike in Gurgaon and Lucknow. But I think 
more important than that is that some of the insurance contracts, which were not renewed for almost 
two-to-three years, they are now getting renewed across the group. So, there will be some potential 
benefit for those price renegotiations as we move forward. So, I think, probably when we come to 
maybe June or September of next year, you will see more of a realistic picture of a full year of pricing 
impact across GGHS, our increases and insurance negotiations. 

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. Just a clarification on these rates, which you renegotiated with your insurance partners, what 
kind of hike you might have got, just some indication, say compared to the last contract, when you 
signed the new contract, what is the difference? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So let me put it this way. When we sign up the contracts with the insurance companies, they were on 
a tariff list, which I think was somewhere around two years or three years ago, I think 2023 – 2024 
tariffs. So, now when the insurance companies negotiate, they negotiated with our 2025 tariffs, which 
was what we had done last year. So, depending on how those tariffs increase, we kind of renegotiate 
basis that. So, it would be different in different units depending on when the insurance company 
signed up. But typically insurance companies will sign up for a two-year time frame and now it has 
already been a little over two years. So, you can say about two years plus of increases. And then 
insurance companies ask for, different levels of support in terms of discounting, etc., But on the 
whole, I think it will be a positive benefit for us from a tariff point of view. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashutosh Nemani from JM Financial Office. Please go ahead. 
Ashutosh Nemani: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir. My question is on the earlier answer you told that war of talent 
coming up in the next three to four years. So, I wanted to understand more about it, like particularly 
what locations do we see this doctor supply and nurse supply more severe as compared to other on a 
national level, if you could just highlight on that? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
I mean, I am not fully an expert to tell you at the national level in which city there will be more or 
less war for talent. I think this is a phenomenon the industry is facing, to the best of my knowledge 
across the board. I can tell you in the regions where we operate, which is more on the northern side. 
There are two ways in which we look at it, one way is where there are existing facilities, where there 
are lots of doctors and there is lots of demand for talent. There, it is a little bit driven by, some forms 
of competitive intensity. Doctors are trying to get pushed by the other hospitals. Obviously, we would 
be also looking at hiring doctors from other institutions, some amount of retention also. We have 
been very lucky, we have been able to retain most of our senior doctors, if not all, even after 15-years 
in Gurgaon.  
Then when you come to units which are in cities where there may be a slightly shorter tail of talent 
in terms of super specialists, we have been able to get in doctors from other cities, sometimes you 
have to pay for getting doctors to move into certain locations or you are actually looking at building 
up a talent base over there vis-à-vis taking time to build that specialty. So, just to give you an example, 
if I bring in a very talented Robotic Surgeon from one part of the country, they may not have a patient 
base, say, in Bihar or in UP. They build up that. So, that takes a little time to build up. So these are 
the kinds of things that we have seen from my conversations with colleagues in the industry. I think 
this is a phenomenon everybody is facing. Obviously, there is a lot of talk about hospitals, everybody 
getting very excited. One thing, though, we have seen is that I think clinical talent understands the 

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
value of strong brands and strong institutions. Medanta has been very lucky to be a kind of what we 
believe is a preferred employer for clinicians. So, we have been lucky on this front. But I do believe 
that given the talent is scarce, this is something that the industry and the country will face for some 
years to come. I do not think this is something that is going to get solved in the next quarter. 
Ashutosh Nemani: 
Understand. My second question is, in the next two to three years, what should be the ARPOB growth 
that you could assume for Medanta? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Again, in the next two, three years, I do not know how things will play out. But, we have always 
maintained that ARPOB's growth is 5% - 7% a year as opposed to what we have seen maybe in the 
last three, four years where we have seen much higher growth. Again, ARPOB is a little bit dependent 
on length of stay and case mix. But, we do not predict anything more than 5%, if we are very 
enthusiastic, maybe a 7% growth in ARPOB on an annual basis. In fact, Medanta typically projects 
much lower, 3% - 5% is what we try to think about. But again, that is more for us on tariff or 
realization side.  
ARPOB again, if you optimize length of stay, then ARPOB will grow. But I think that base of 10% 
-15% ARPOB growth or realization growth, which we were seeing maybe a year and a half to two, 
that has already stabilized. You can already see it in the results of all companies. Last, maybe, a year 
to 18 months, you will see a significant slowing down of the ARPOB growth that was there two, 
three years ago. I think 5% - 7% is a reasonable number to project out if you are thinking about 
building a model. I would not go more aggressive than that, definitely, not double digits, I would 
keep it to single digits. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Thanks, sir, for taking my question. Sir, on the Noida hospital for, let us say, these 300 odd beds 
which we have operationalized, what kind of an exit occupancy we would have seen either for the 
December month or the January month? And if you can also talk about the occupancy which you 
need to achieve to, let us say, hit EBITDA break-even on these 300 beds? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So, we do not normally look at occupancy from a breakeven point of view because of the fact that 
we believe much more in the volumes and the procedures rather than the midnight occupancy. So, at 
least, Medanta does not necessarily look at that. That being said, I think normally what we find is in 
a big system somewhere in the range of 40% to 50% or maybe 40% plus, occupancy typically breaks 
even on a long run basis for the kind of fixed cost model that Medanta employs. It may be very 
different in other industries.  
Our goal is very simple in Noida. Our goal is that we have put everything that is required to deliver 
the highest standard of care; that is investment in infrastructure, the technology, the clinical talent, 

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
the processes, the IT systems, etc., Our goal is to drive this occupancy to drive these volumes and 
this business through and through. Once we do that, whatever occupancy falls out of that, it falls out 
of that. Our focus is that we must be ensuring that we invest to deliver the highest standard of care, 
we have done that. And basis the trajectory we see in the last few months, including post-December, 
we are pretty happy with how things are moving and pretty confident of the success of this institution.  
So, whether this occupancy will breakeven at 30% or 40% or 50%, I do not know. It is also not a 
percentage number which we are chasing. Our goal is to ensure that we are able to drive as much 
patient volumes into the system. And we are pretty confident, given our track record, these things 
will then work out well. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. And for, let us say, these another 200 beds which you would commission at Noida, how 
many incremental doctor hirings would we need to do, given that, obviously, for the initial phase of 
300 beds, we have already on-boarded 200 odd doctors? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So, not many. As I mentioned, I think in response to an earlier question, we have some departments 
which we may add. So, they, of course, are not linked to beds, and they would have additions of 
Obstetrics which is an example of that, which is a totally new department. The rest of the departments, 
all the seniors or most of the senior talent is already there. So, when you add in beds, it is really more 
of the junior staff who need to do more of the maintenance management and taking care-of-the-care, 
nurses, of course, will get added and other staff. But the senior doctors, I do not think, are necessarily 
linked to the bed addition. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. So, the incremental OPEX for these another 200 beds, obviously, would then be lower? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes, correct. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. In terms of the matured hospitals, where we have seen some sort of a margin pressure this 
year, while you alluded to higher employee and maintenance costs, is the Ranchi O&M hospital also 
led to some sort of a margin drag for the mature units? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
I mean, definitely, the new Ranchi Hospital also has a little bit of impact. I am not sure it will play 
out in the numbers which you are seeing because it is very small; it is only about 100 beds on a 2,000-
3000-bed overall base. So, I do not think it has an impact as to what you see. Of course, it is a drag, 
but I do not think it is significant on material, on the financial, on the absolute rupee amount. Just to 
let you know, obviously, Ranchi and lower margins are of course lower than Gurgaon. But other than 
that, I do not think it is a very significant drag. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thanks for taking my question. Over the last few months and quarters, we have had a multiple sort 
of media items, news flow around increased difference between hospitals and insurers. I mean, two 
questions here. One, is there a change in relationship between insurers and the corporate hospitals, 
in the sense as insurers become larger in clout? And two, what kind of implications does it have for 
rates and business as we go along? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes, so I think maybe I will give three, four specific points on this. I think, first of all, as with many 
things, the media likes to sensationalize things much more than they are in reality. So I would not 
always necessarily go with either the substance or the tone of what we hear in the media. That is 
point 1. Point 2 is just again at a higher level. See, every player in this industry, whether it is a 
provider like us, whether it is an insurance company, or whether it is even the government authorities, 
including at every level of government, they all understand that our collective responsibility is first 
and foremost towards the patient. Neither can we survive without the insurance companies, neither 
can the insurance companies survive without the providers. And by the way, the same logic applies 
to the pharmaceutical and medical device companies, which are also part of this ecosystem and also 
part of some of these conversations that you are alluding to, right? So I think we all get it. And 
everybody is reasonably mature in that.  
That being said, there is always a commercial negotiation and a commercial discussion that happens 
between any two parties engaged in a commercial conversation. Now, we have so far been very, very 
clear on our approach that we are open and ready to talk to anybody. And we have. We have been 
successful in those activities. And all conversations in good faith between two parties in a 
professional and in a non-collusive manner are something that we stand for. And we have been 
successful in moving that forward. Of course, if I would like to pay Rs.10 and you would like to pay 
Rs.5 or I would like to charge Rs.10, you would like to charge Rs.5, of course, we will negotiate on 
that price. Nothing wrong with that. And we have been successful in closing out many of these 
contracts and many of these negotiations. I think that we could have been faster and more efficient.  
I think that some of the players in the industry who are maybe trying to project that we will only talk 
as one body or only it is only the hospitals that are making money and the insurance companies are 
not making any money, I think these are facts which are being a little bit manipulated one way or the 
other, I think the truth is obviously somewhere in the middle, as with most cases. We do realize that 
the insurance companies have challenges, but many of those challenges are also linked to their 
operating model and some of the issues in the industry. Similarly, I think they understand that while 
you look at EBITDA many times, but the real money at the bottom line coming on the profit after 
tax, which is the money that has to go into capex refresh and investing in all of these areas, is required 
for hospitals to be able to grow, and, frankly speaking, people like us to invest in places like Patna, 
Bihar, Ranchi and Northeast. And the government also understands that it is very important that they 
encourage private investment in all these areas because that is how the care will get delivered.  

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
So, I, frankly speaking, see that there is no long-term relationship impact between the two parties. 
We have been very comfortable interacting with everybody. But, of course, we will negotiate on 
price. I do not see that stopping this year, next year or anytime in the future. As any entity feels they 
have more power, they would like to be stronger in a negotiation position. It is exactly the same thing 
that I would do with my suppliers. So, it is normal. I think some of it is blown out of proportion and 
some of it as few stakeholders in the ecosystem on both sides are probably mischaracterizing, 
misusing one party or another party on their side of the industry for their own personal benefits, 
which is also not correct. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Very helpful. And secondly, if I missed it, did we guide to a time period when we expect Noida to 
breakeven on EBITDA? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
No, we do not guide on future earnings as a policy. All I did allude to was the fact that we are pretty 
hopeful that we are now in a position to see strong positive momentum into the system. I do not know 
when that breakeven will happen. But, we are not worried that it is all slipping south or something 
like that. It is very much as per our expectations on how the ramp up of these units will do. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
But, is it fair to say that this quarter EBITDA loss is kind of close to the peak EBITDA loss will do 
on the asset? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
And that is the question which I said, I hope so. I do not want to commit to you one thing or the other. 
But I leave that to you guys to figure out. But yes, we are feeling confident that things are moving in 
the right direction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naman Bagrecha from IIFL Capital Service Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sorry to press on the mature hospital margins again. So, if you look 
earlier, we used to make almost around 24.5% - 25% kind of margins, but is it because of now the 
incremental cost or war on talent, once should look at, let us say, lower margins structurally, let us 
say, 100 bps lower versus what was the strategy earlier for mature hospitals? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
No, I would not necessarily agree with that, right? I mean, if you look at the margin profile, which 
we have in the nine-month period then the mature facilities, it is just under 24%. We have maintained 
for a long time and I have maintained for a long time that anything in the range of 22% to 25% is 
very strong performance for a system like this, especially such a big system like the ones which we 
have. I think that, 100, 90, 80 basis points swing here and there, especially in one period over the 
other is fairly insignificant. I mean, our industry, you have to look over three to four years, not nine 
months or even one year. And even within the nine months, the swing to me does not seem very 
significant.  

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
So, I do not think there is a structural difference. There was a structural reset post-COVID, which we 
have talked a lot about on various calls. I think we are now in a fairly balanced way around that. I 
also had always maintained that I do not see this margin profile jumping up every year 30% or 300 
basis points to head towards the 30% margin. I had always said that those were expectations that 
were being incorrectly set in the market. This number is a fairly balanced range, 22%, 23%, 24%, 
25% this number is a very balanced range. You do a little bit, better, it could go up, but I do not think 
there is any big structural issue. Between one period or the other, you try to eke out as much 
efficiencies as you can. We will see this stabilize in these ranges only. I do not think they are going 
to change significantly.  
The only thing in Medanta's case in this, how we report out is, which is a little different, just so that 
you are aware, is all our corporate costs are loaded in our Gurgaon unit. So, what you see as the 
margin of the individual units is a little bit deflated because of the corporate costs. Probably, if you 
took out those corporate costs and you allocated them across, you would see a slightly more balanced 
margin profile between all of the bigger units at least in our group. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
Fair. Thanks. And just one book-keeping question. What would be our net cash position as of 
December? 
Yogesh Kumar Gupta: 
We have a loan of about Rs.600 crores and a cash position of over Rs.1200 crores, so, net cash is 
about Rs.600 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abin Benny from JM Financial Institutional Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Abin Benny: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. While you did allude to the kind of ARPOB growth that we 
can be expecting, but my question was regarding the newer clusters. While we add more complex 
specialties, we add on to the newer ones, what kind of dynamics do you see regarding the kind of 
ARPOB that can change in these specifically, if you can give some color on that dynamics? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So, I mean, I do not have a number for you, but let me just give you a little bit of perspective, right? 
So, one of the things the industry has been commenting on for the last couple of years or maybe, six 
quarters, is this entire shift to, say, robotics. Now, robotics means a higher realization, but also 
potentially a lower length of stay because a patient gets to go home faster. So, obviously, that has a 
disproportionate increase on ARPOB because your ALOS will fall and your realization will increase 
both. So, it is one example of something that may boost up when you look at it at a ARPOB level 
rather than a ARPP-level.  
The second thing, as I said earlier, was that when you get into increasing work in Cancer, especially 
if it is Cancer work in the daycare nature like Radiation Oncology, where you may not admit the 

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
patient or Medical Oncology where the patient just stays for one day for treatment, you will find a 
disproportionate growth to ARPOB, because the occupancy is not that long as opposed to, say, 
somebody coming in for Cardiac surgery. So, I think that these things are actually in favor of ARPOB 
growth because ARPOB is a derived metric.  
I think if you look at it and step back towards realization, which is what the patient will actually is, I 
think, as I mentioned earlier, you will see a more balanced realization growth, there will be some 
growth towards realization because of complex work, some amount of increase in complex work 
across our newer units in Patna, even in Noida as that gets ramped up to some of the services, 
including Transplant and things like that. We are also starting to see some of this complex work 
coming into places like Indore with robotic surgery happening there now reasonably well. So, you 
will see some of this and then some of the changes of the CGHS rates, as I mentioned earlier, which 
happened in October, and the tariff increases will play out over, maybe the course of the next six to 
12 months. So, you will see some positive trajectory towards this, but I think, again, it will be 
measured. I would not assume you would see 10%. I would say single digit is a fair number to be 
looking at. 
Abin Benny: 
Got it. Thank you. And, sir, if possible, can you give us the kind of expectations on CAPEX outlay 
for next year, given that majority of the expansion will be there? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes, I think there was a slide, correct me if I am wrong, Yogesh, on the CAPEX plan in the 
presentation, slide #23 lays out the CAPEX. We have been somewhere in the Rs.1,000 crores range, 
I think, on next year CAPEX. So, this is Rs.3,000 crores over the next five years. Next year, maybe 
a bit less, actually, now that a lot of the cost goes to Noida. So, last year we had, I think, announced 
about a Rs.1,000 crores CAPEX in the year, out of which almost Rs.600 – Rs.700 crores was Noida. 
And I do not see that this FY27 CAPEX will be much lower than Rs.1,000 crores, maybe some 
maintenance CAPEX in the older units, some CAPEX on the margin in Noida. There will be not 
much CAPEX on the other units, because they are still in the digging and construction phase. So, a 
lot of the CAPEX in the new projects is back-ended towards maybe two, three years from now. So, 
next year CAPEX is probably, below Rs.500 crores would be our estimate. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Gupta from Allegro Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Gupta: 
Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to understand why the margins in your developing 
facilities are higher than your mature facilities? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So, as I mentioned I think to one of the earlier speakers, one reason, of course, is that our corporate 
costs are fully loaded in Gurgaon, which is part of the mature facility. The second, if you look at our 
historical performance, is that our Lucknow unit and our Patna units have been doing an exceptionally 

 
Global Health Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
good performance right through-and-through, barring one or two quarters in Lucknow. So, what we 
have actually seen is a good amount of growth, a good amount of operating leverage come in.  
So, just to contextualize for you, Lucknow is about a six-year-old asset, Patna is about four years old 
now, and we have continually been adding beds to these facilities. So, what you are seeing in these 
facilities in addition to the strong growth in these regions, you are also seeing improvements in newer 
specialties getting added; just to give you an example, we have added three or four robots, including 
orthopedic robots in Lucknow. So, we are getting more complex work. We are adding more complex 
work into our facility in Patna, and you are also seeing the benefits of operating leverage kick in, 
depending on which year you are looking at, after a couple of years, Patna would have kicked in, 
Lucknow would have kicked in, plus, we would have added, I think, last year or 18-months ago, we 
added almost 200 additional beds, taking Lucknow from about 400, 500 to about 700 census beds. 
So, those beds operating leverage also kicks in after some months.  
So, I think these are the three or four reasons why there is a difference between the developing and 
the mature. And then the last reason, although it may not be very significant in absolute terms, is that 
our matured units also include Indore and Ranchi, which are significantly smaller scale and have a 
significantly lower margin profile. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was last question for today. I now 
hand over the call to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Thank you, everyone, for your questions and for joining us today. Please feel free to reach out to our 
investor relations team in case you have any questions that remain unanswered. Thank you once 
again, and we look forward to speaking with you all soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Notes: 
1. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of Global Health Limited 
