 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G, 
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra €, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: HPL  
Secretary 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, New Trading Ring, Rotunda  
Building, PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 540136 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/Analysts 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
In continuation to our earlier intimation dated February 09, 2026 regarding 
outcome of Investors/Analyst’s Conference call held on Monday, February 09, 
2026 at 12:00 Noon. (IST). A copy of transcript of the conference call held with 
the Investors/Analysts is enclosed herewith for your record. 
 
The transcript of aforesaid conference call is also available on the Company’s 
website at www.hplindia.com 
 
Yours Faithfully 
For HPL Electric & Power Limited 
 
 
 
Vivek Kumar 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As stated above 
VIVEK 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
VIVEK KUMAR 
Date: 2026.02.13 
16:07:39 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcribed by ElevEase  
1 
HPL Electric & Power Ltd. 
Q3 & 9M FY2026 Earnings Webinar Transcript 
Monday,  February 9th,  2026 @ 12:00PM IST 
Answered by Management: 
Mr. Gautam Seth- Joint Managing Director & CFO 
Moderator,  Ms. Shankhini Saha (Director,  Investor Relations,  Dickenson World): 
Ladies and gentlemen, very good afternoon to you all and welcome to HPL Electric and 
Power Limited's Q3 and 9 months earnings webinar produced by ElevEase. I'm 
Shankhini, and  I'll be moderating our call today.  
Joining us from the HPL management team will be Mr. Gautam Seth- Joint Managing 
Director and CFO of HPL.  
Please note that this conference is being recorded and that some statements in this 
call may be forward-looking based on current expectations and subject to risks that 
may cause results to differ materially. So, we'll get started. I'd like to hand over to Mr. 
Gautam to start with some opening remarks. Take it away Gautam. 
Mr. Gautam Seth:  
Yeah. Thank you Shankhini. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. 
Before getting into the financials, I want to briefly share how the last nine months have 
shaped our direction and how we are positioning HPL for the next phase of growth. Over 
the last few years, we have benefited from a strong B2B order pipeline. At the same 
time, we have worked steadily to scale our branded consumer and industrial 
businesses. Alongside this, we have focused on improving the quality of our earnings 
through better product mix, differentiation, and disciplined execution across the 
portfolio. These efforts are now showing clear results. In Q3, our revenue grew by 
about 21% year-on-year to roughly 475 crores. EBITDA increased by about 29% to 
nearly 72 crores. Steady revenue growth combined with better margins is 
strengthening our earnings profile quarter after quarter. Let me now walk you through 
our two key business verticals. 
 
Smart metering continues to be our long-term growth driver. We currently have an 
order book of over 3,000 crores, which gives us clear multi-year visibility. After a 
relatively flat first half, execution picked up meaningfully in Q3. Deliveries increased by 
around 25% sequentially and were up about 11% year-on-year. Our focus on execution 
discipline and product quality helped us support higher deployments during the 
November to March period after the monsoon season.  
 
Alongside this, a consumer and industrial business is steadily becoming a second 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcribed by ElevEase  
2 
core growth pillar for HPL electric. The business has delivered continuous year-on-year 
growth over the last two years supported by faster business cycles and a diversified 
demand base. This puts us in a strong position to benefit from India's long-term 
consumption and industrial growth. Switchgear grew by over 33% year-on-year in Q3 
to roughly 68 crores and by 25% in the first 9 months to 233 crores. Wire and cables 
recorded strong growth of nearly 60% year-on-year in Q3, while lighting and 
electronics returned to growth at around 20%. This growth was supported by our 
expanding distribution network. We now work with over 900 authorized dealers and 
more than 85,000 retailers, which is helping us improve reach, improve conversions, 
and build repeat demand across markets. Let me now touch on how we are preparing 
for the next phase of growth.  
 
We will continue to strengthen both verticals through focused R&D and product 
engineering while maintaining discipline on capital allocation. In line with this, we have 
recently launched NRAM plus smart water meters, expanding our metering platform 
into water infrastructure. This is a natural extension of our capabilities in our metering 
segment and opens up a large new addressable market as data-driven infrastructure 
adoption accelerates. To summarize our growth roadmap, electricity meter and 
industrial products gives us scale and visibility. Water metering adds a new growth 
engine for the future and the consumer and industrial business provides a strong 
growth momentum that we believe can more than double over the next 3 to 4 years. 
With this, we will open the floor for questions. Yeah. So, over to you Shankhini. 
Shankhini: Thanks, Gautam. We'll now begin with the Q&A session. So, we'll get started 
with the Q&A session. Our first question will be from the line of Sahil Patani. Sahil, you 
can go ahead and unmute your mic and ask your question, please. 
Sahil Patani: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So couple of questions, Gautam. So our 
nine month segmental share shows like consumer industrial services picking up from 
like 37 to 44% and smart meters kind of dropping from 63 to 56%. So over the next 2-3 
years, what is the steady breakup you see between these two verticals? Would it still be 
between 45% for consumer industrials, 55% smart meters or how do you see that? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yes. So you know fortunately now we are seeing growth in both the 
segments and of course the consumer and industrial in the 9 months and almost every 
quarter has seen a very healthy growth year-on-year growth. Metering is, as we said in 
my opening remarks, a long-term story again; quarter-on-quarter we've had almost 11% 
growth, sequentially it was 25% growth, so metering is also now going to see a good 
growth. So in a way for us both these verticals are important. We will see both of them 
really grow henceforth from here. But on a steady basis I would see these to be maybe 
metering in the next 2-3 years remaining 55%, and consumer being 45%. Although 
the basis will change, maximum up to 50/50, but in a longer term if you look at the last 
decade or last 15 years it's practically been almost like a 50/50 sometimes depending 
on the business cycles. Right now metering has a very strong growth cycle in the next 3-
4 years, but now since the consumer and industrial has also caught up with that with 
higher growth rates, we would see both these segments continue to grow, but broadly 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcribed by ElevEase  
3 
to answer your question I would say maybe 55 to 45 could be a ratio which will kind of 
remain. 
Sahil Patani: Got it. And my second question is around the water smart meters. You 
know congratulations on that launch earlier in the year. So three parts to that. So one is 
what is the TAM for smart water meters? How much revenue contribution do you see 
from this vertical let's say over the next 2-3 years? And is there an export opportunity 
as well or would you be looking to just cater to the domestic market? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yeah. So you know if you look at the, you know, we have of course 
we've done our work and we do see a huge opportunity going forward in the smart water 
meters. Now if you look at globally also, I'll just put it in a perspective and then probably 
I'll answer specifically the three questions. If you look at the global market in the smart, 
like any metering company globally, the big companies are into electricity, water, and 
gas meters. So with HPL electric also, you know we've been dominating the electricity 
meters and we feel and we have that kind of ambition to be a global player in metering. 
So our step into this has been that we do see a very big addressable market in the 
country right now. 
 
 Probably we don't have figures or there are a couple of figures available from various 
agencies, but nevertheless the market is huge. The consumer base is huge. The 
government has been talking off and on about what can be done in this and we feel that 
it's a huge segment to enter and obviously the technologies are available with 
companies like us also where we see that the basic communication or the AMR or the 
kind of metering accuracies are required. So we have also leveraged our strengths in 
the general metering we have and we have come out with this one. But in terms of 
revenues, in terms of exactly what will happen, I think it's a little early because there will 
be trials and approvals by various agencies as we go forward. But the time taken let's 
say for us to establish the electricity meter probably will require much lesser time 
because of the kind of resources the company already has, the kind of manpower, the 
strengths we have already in our R&D, so the time taken to launch this will be far lesser. 
And I think the clarity and execution what we see generally in the government, once the 
policies are fully in frame, once they are there, I would say the implementations would 
be pretty good. So in terms of revenue we should start seeing something probably in 
the second half of next year because there are approval processes and others, but we 
have already initiated those.  
 
So we do have certain setups with us to get started in such a huge industry and it's I 
think it's a very big plus for HPL because like we have been in electricity meters, we will 
be present and hopefully we should be dominating in future in this segment as well. But 
exact revenues what will happen I think it's too early for us to say that, but as we go 
forward I'm sure we'll keep you updated on how we can exploit this. 
Sahil Patani: Okay. And is there an export opportunity as well with this? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yes there is. Of course the specifications country to country might 
be different but the basic technologies of metering and communication are pretty much 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcribed by ElevEase  
4 
the same globally. So we will be exploring that but right now I think the start will have to 
be in India because until we gain experience we understand the industry in a better 
manner. But yes, the global opportunities will be available or are available already. 
Sahil Patani: Got it. Thank you Gautam. That's all from me. 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yeah. Thank you. 
Shankhini: Thanks for your question Sahil. Our next line of questions will be from the 
line of Viraj Mahadevia. Viraj you can go ahead and unmute your line and ask your 
questions please. 
Viraj Mahadevia: Hi Gautam, how are you? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: I'm fine thank you. 
Viraj Mahadevia: Very quickly Gautam I wanted to check, you know smart metering has 
had a bit of ups and downs over the last many quarters in terms of deliveries. Are you 
seeing most of the industry challenges behind you and from here expect to see a more 
particular trend in smart metering deliveries over the next two to three years? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yeah. So if you look at the earlier challenges what were there, some 
of them could have been more on the policy side but right now I think the challenges 
from the policy perspective or any clarity of go-no-go, those types of challenges are not 
present. I don't see that happen in the industry. So right now the policy is clear. I think 
if you look at the government data, the tenders, a lot has been already given out to the 
AMISP, even the last bit of tenders are all on the table waiting to be given out to the 
AMISP. So I think those challenges are not there today. The challenges in the last let's 
say 9 months or 12 months have emerged mainly, I believe so, from the execution part 
which are being faced by the AMISPs. So I think those are also getting addressed, 
although maybe like a monsoon or certain things which are out of control of everyone 
probably those challenges may remain. 
 
 But I think the skill set for implementation, the challenges what are being faced on the 
ground level due to the support of either the utilities or the meter manufacturers, or 
getting in better skilled manpower to implement, I think those challenges are now 
getting overcome. And certain states I think have been doing pretty well now; at least 
three to four states are doing a good level of implementations and I think certain new 
states are also now joining in for the implementation part. So I think overall certain 
challenges will always be there whenever such large scale implementations are 
happening, especially when it involves the last mile connectivity with the end consumer 
and the utilities. So certain things will always remain, but overall I think the progress is 
much better than what it was. And for us as I said earlier also, the Q3 has seen a much 
better execution. We do expect Q4 to be probably the best quarter in the current 
year in terms of metering supply and installation also from the AMISPs. So overall I 
think we are moving into a good phase where I think in the next two to three years the 
bulk of the implementation should be taken care. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcribed by ElevEase  
5 
Viraj Mahadevia: So does that mean you expect say let's say five to six cr smart meter 
execution per annum for the next two to three years and consequently hopefully 
based on your market share of 20 odd% maybe you would be pulling up in capacities at 
1.2 to 1.4 cr smart meters sold from your end? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yes. So if you look at, you know, purely going by the run rate of the 
government data and the kind of projection, so I think that seems to be a possibility of 
having at least 5 cr meters being implemented. Of course I cannot talk for the AMISPs 
or the government but just my sense of the way we read the market, I think that should 
not be a big problem for the industry to achieve those figures. And if that happens we 
are very confident of our supplies to the AMISPs. We have the orders, we are currently 
also even as we talk we have a lot of our materials going to various AMISPs so that is 
better. So as a company or as an industry it's not only one or two AMISPs which are 
actually performing, it's multiple AMISPs and multiple circles where the work is going 
on. So I think yeah that should be a possibility and we ourselves should see a steady 
growth in revenue and our dispatches should improve. 
Viraj Mahadevia: This last question, are you seeing a pressure on your gross margins 
given copper prices because you know Q1 had very good gross margins of about 38% 
and in the latter quarters you've come sort of around 37-36%. Is copper playing a big 
role there and is there a lag because these are fixed price contracts and copper prices 
moved up, and will you be able to pass on these higher copper prices in future 
contracts? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: I'll just, so if you look at the copper or other metals, they are mainly 
affecting our consumer and industrial business. So the smart metering part is not 
actually affected so much by the copper prices. This is one. Second, if you look at it, 
yes, the prices get passed on. So any increase in the cost is getting passed on to the 
consumer but with a lag. So the maximum impact would happen in the wire and cable 
where typically it takes two to three weeks to pass on the cost to the consumer. But 
over the last couple of months, let's say if you look at the 9 months, there might have 
been at least six to seven price increases which the industry or even a company like us 
have affected on our consumers. So lags are there. Let's say if there is an increase 
today, maybe it may take 2-3 weeks for those prices to come.  
 
So in a way that does put an adverse effect on the margins, but it gets passed on. When 
you look at switchgear, because again lighting is not so much impacted by that, but if 
you look at switchgear yes, certain part of switchgear has copper playing a big role 
because copper and silver both are the current carrying parts. And so the passing on 
cannot be done on a monthly basis, generally the industry is doing it after 3 months 
or 6 months depending on that. So there of course we have seen certain pressures on 
the margins, but eventually the cost gets passed on. 
Shankhini: This is helpful. Thanks for your questions VIRAJ. Our next line of questions 
will be from the line of Rishab Hingre. Rishab you can go ahead and unmute your mic 
and ask your questions please. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcribed by ElevEase  
6 
Rishab Hingre: Yes. So am I audible now? Gautam first of all congratulations for 
delivering robust results. Now I have a couple of questions from you primarily on the 
strategy part. So one is are we strictly restricting ourselves to the low to medium 
voltage market where we are operating? Reason I'm asking this question is if you look 
at HPL we have strong connect with the utilities desks. So a natural extension is a 
product like EHV cables which is a natural extension for the wires and cable segment. 
So do we have any such plans in future to venture into these type of segments? Second, 
my question is regarding the next generation product line. Our competitors such as 
Genus Power have got solar inverters, they're working on solar storage solutions or 
on the consumer industrial side, solar panels. So there are a lot of next generation 
product lines which our competitors are working on. Has HPL got any such plans to 
augment these type of product lines? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: So Rishab, if you look at our main major portfolio, whether we look at 
energy meters which go into the distribution segment through the utilities, if you look at 
the switchgear part and the wire and cable we have been into the low voltage, not 
even in the medium voltage. But as a strategy, if you look at the low voltage market, we 
are covering the entire switchgear basket which goes from starting from an air circuit 
breaker which is the main incomer, then it goes downstream up to the modular switch. 
So every kind of switchgear, whether it is an automatic transfer switch, changeovers, 
MCCBs, contactors, relays, MCB distribution board, the entire chain we have it. When 
you look at lighting again, right from a street light up to the LED bulb. There are over 200 
products what we make, whether it's the panels or what you see in the offices, 
downlighters, everything we make. Similarly in the wire cable we have extended. So that 
has been our major strategic USP, a one-stop shop for any kind of home, industrial, 
and commercial requirements. Now going forward we are already evaluating, we do 
realize that it's a huge market like you were talking about EHV but it's a general 
progression. We have been studying the market to go into the higher kind of cables 
going up to HT and then EHV.  
 
It's a progression which typically for any good company would take 3 to 5 years to 
actually come out with those ranges. But yes we are actively looking at it and to come 
into the higher set of cables because our wire and cable over the last 3 years has seen 
very good growth. We have seen a big margin improvement and market expansion and 
there is a big demand coming in from our own dealers, distributors, and customers to 
come out with a higher cable. So those are the LT power cable and probably going into 
the lower HT cable. We are looking at it very actively and maybe down this calendar year 
we should be able to update you on how we look at the market and what kind of 
investments and opportunities we see in that. Now when you're talking about solar or 
other things we already have a solar division. If you look at the top 10 solar companies 
who are doing big projects, we are already supplying to them. We have a very strong 
solar product portfolio starting with solar cables. We do net metering which is again a 
very strong product of ours, but when you look at the switchgear on the solar side, on 
the DC side, we have the complete distribution boards. So a lot of products on the solar 
markets are already addressed. We are already developing a lot of newer products to 
cater to that. In fact, in the last four five years we already have a complete solar division 
and we are growing into that. In HPL with over 180 engineers in R&D, which covers all 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcribed by ElevEase  
7 
things, not only meters but also switchgear, wire and cable, lighting, and then into lot of 
common technologies like electronics or communication and other things. So we are 
continuously developing lot of new age products in each of our product segments 
which address the consumers. Whether any kind of cables or switchgear would 
probably go into a data center, we are looking at those. 5G we are already doing a 
good sizable business with all the three major telecom players, whether it is Jio or 
you have Vodafone or you have, so lot of new age opportunities what we see we are 
working on that. The revenue obviously gets split into the various divisions what are 
there. So yes we are hopeful on that, and including the higher-end cable layer. As we 
have more info we'll come back to you. 
Rishab Hinger: Sure. Thanks. 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Thank you. 
Shankhini: Thanks for your questions Rishab. Just a note to our participants if you have 
any more follow-up questions you can keep your hand raised and I'll join you into the 
follow-up queue. Great. So our next question will be from the line of Pranjal Mukhija. 
Pranjal, you can go ahead and unmute your mic and ask your questions. 
Pranjal Mukhija: Yeah. Hi, am I audible? I have a couple of questions. So just wanted to 
understand a little bit more about your software piece. I think in the last call also I 
asked this question. So any clarity on like what we are doing on the software piece? This 
is regarding the metering we are talking about right for the whole AMI piece or maybe 
the whole energy transition piece also, maybe grid solutions like wherever you guys are 
working like would love to understand in greater detail. 
Mr. Gautam Seth: No, so I had offered you last time also that I can arrange a separate 
call but you know apart from the meter supplies what we are doing, we are working on 
both the billing software as well as the headend system. And so we've been working 
on that because we are also, at least with two of our big customers we have been doing 
the AMISP as a system integrator. We've been using our own solutions and now in a 
limited way we have started offering the solutions to even the regular AMISPs wherever 
required. Moving beyond the meter, we do have certain solutions but if you want to 
understand it more technically and just to see what it is, probably I can ask Shankani 
and we can, I can connect you in the next two days with our team so you could 
understand. 
Shankhini: Thank you Pranjal. Our next question will be from the line of Kunal Dubey. 
Kunal you can go ahead and unmute your line and ask your questions please. 
Kunal Dubey: Hello. Hi Gautam, congratulations for the good set of numbers. My 
question, I have joined the call a little late. I have couple of questions for you. First in 
the last call you had mentioned that we would be in the pin code of around 1,900 
crores for total revenue. Is that number still on? My second question to you is on the 
new metering system which we have launched, water metering, what is the revenue 
pipeline or GTM go to market strategy for it? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcribed by ElevEase  
8 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yeah. So in terms of revenue, I won't give a specific number but 
definitely we look at a much stronger quarter coming into the Q4. Right now the way 
we look at it and the schedules what we have from the various AMISPs, I think we 
should do a fairly good turnover in for the smart metering and the consumer and 
industrial also is set for another good quarter and a good growth. So even looking at it 
sequentially or year-on-year we do expect a good quarter. Now we have done about 470 
in the Q3. So definitely the figure you said we are looking to get there, but again there 
could be just last moment let's say if there are some postponements happening from 
the AMISPs. But right now we do look at a good quarter so even if you're not reaching 
there, we should be getting somewhere close to that. So but on a specific number I 
probably won't be able to confirm to you on that, but that should happen. Now looking 
at the water meter part, we have launched the meters, of course since the government 
or the gel boards and others are the primary consumers of that, our products would be 
going for their testing and their approvals. That is a process which would happen. But 
we do see that the government, the way things are going, this would be a future, the 
government would definitely come out with bigger schemes for their implementations. 
So right now we are working on that but specifically on numbers or how what we can 
achieve, I think as we are reaching the next year, maybe in the second half you should 
start seeing certain things coming on. 
Kunal Dubey: Just a follow-up question to you, we did last year around 500 crores in 
Q4, could you match Q4 of FY25 around that? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: I think we should see a growth from there. Now what growth, I 
cannot say that, but yes I think we are looking at it internally, we do have strong targets, 
our teams are working day and night to make sure that the best figures are there but 
yeah I think we should have a growth from there. 
Kunal Dubet: Thank you Gautam, thank you for your time. 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Thank you very much, thank you. 
Shankhini: Thanks for your questions Kunal. Our next line of questions will be from 
Chandresh Malpani. Chandra you can go ahead and unmute your mic and ask your 
question please. 
Chandresh Malpani: Hello am I audible? Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, first 
question is on again the order book itself and the overall broader perspective. We see 
smart metering about 15 crores meters are awarded. So two questions here again sir; 
I've asked in the past as well that out of 15 cr your sense how much is passed on to the 
OEMs and second, sir we have not seen any meaningful tendering happening in the 
last 8 to 10 months from the utilities to the AMISP itself, where Tamil Nadu which is big 
ticket 3 cr odd meters but the orders have not been finalized. So sir your overall sense 
on the tendering thing because our order book has also remained in the range of 
2,500 to 3,000 odd crores. So our incremental revenue depends to a large extent to 
these new orders that will come in. So your overall thought process here sir? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcribed by ElevEase  
9 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yeah. So Chandresh, I don't know from where you picked up the 15 
cr point, but I think the government data if you look at it they are talking about anywhere 
I think whether it's 15 or 18 crores more or less. 18 cr business out of the 22 and a half 
cr sanctioned meters, I think approximately 18 have been either decided on the 
AMISPs or the tenders have been done and L1's probably identified now. So let's take 
that as a figure. Out of those, just my sense is that right now if let's say five cr meters are 
already implemented, probably four to five crores are pending orders with the OEMs. 
Again it's a calculated guess I would say, maybe this could be lesser. So there are still 
almost, I would say, 6 to 8 cr meters which probably are given out to the AMISPs 
which need to be awarded to the meter manufacturers like us. So that is the broad 
calculation. Obviously the execution has picked up, there is no doubt in that. Now when 
you look at orders coming on a month-to-month or quarterly basis, what is happening is 
that under the new regulation, if any company listed company if they are to give out 
their order book details, it is no more one has to give out the quantity, the pricing, the 
customer details and other things.  
 
So if you see in the last couple of months we as HPL electric we have not been giving 
out the new order book in the stock exchanges because of the competitive 
interference what we can find and so just to keep those confidentiality on the further 
details and the customer name so we have not been giving out. But the industry has 
been seeing orders coming out regularly from the AMISPs to the meter manufacturers 
and companies like us are also getting orders regularly. So overall things are in place 
since the pipeline from the AMISP is pretty large covering almost one and a half years, 
so we are not worried on that because we are very confident that as and when more and 
more meters are going into the market and the AMISPs are seeing their performance, 
their data and everything, we are definitely eligible as a preferred vendor to get more 
and more business. This was even my take about two three years back, I've said it in 
one of the calls that you will not continuously see more and more recurring orders, the 
big bang orders will not be there to the meter manufacturers but they would be 
continuously happening and this is exactly what is happening. All the big AMISPs have 
been giving orders regularly, recurring orders but on a smaller level but smaller also in 
couple of definitely but there are more repeat orders. So you don't find an order of let's 
say 10 15 lakh meters coming together, maybe 1 2 lakh three lakh meters being given 
out.  
 
So that is how the industry is maturing now. That is how even people realize the 
performance of good genuine meter manufacturers like us. So I think that is where we 
stand to gain. So the overall industry scenario is very good. I think the industry is on 
track and many more beyond this will get implemented and companies like us are 
definitely to gain on that. 
Chandresh Malpani: Sir and second question is on the when we see the data of 
government, so is HPL also executing a project as an AMISP for Punjab? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: No, right now with the typical AMISP with the funding and others, we 
are not right now doing a full AMISP. We are focused on metering, supplying to the 
AMISP and they are doing in turn the financing and the implementation. But we are also 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcribed by ElevEase  
10 
offering a couple of added services to the AMISPs which goes beyond the meter 
supplies we are doing that and in one or two customers we have been where the 
financing is not involved, in typically the way the central government AMISP model is, so 
we have been doing the complete value added services along with that. 
Chandra Malpani: Okay, got it, sir. Thank you so much. 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yeah, thank you. 
Shankhini: Thanks for your questions, Chandra. We now have some time for follow-
ups. We can take one or two maybe before we get into the written questions. So we'll 
start with the first follow-up from the line of Viraj Mahadevia. Viraj, you can go ahead, 
unmute yourself and ask your follow-up questions. 
Viraj Mahadevia: Hi Gautam, I want to check has there been any progress in terms of 
smart metering orders and qualifications with overseas clients as another growth 
driver? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yes. Like last time also I said we have a dedicated team now. So we 
have of course the, a lot of tenders are available. We have recently looked at two 
countries where we can, but you know you have to understand that by the time we get 
the international certification we do get certain follow ups. So maybe some time may be 
involved in that. But in the long term I see that as a big business happening. So our 
smart metering solutions, like we have upcoming fairs coming up in Dubai and in 
Hanover in Germany. So I think we will be pitching in now to the global market with our 
smart meters in a bigger way. I think the experience and the specifications what we 
gained from the Indian market in the last 2-3 years, that will qualify us very well to get 
into any type of country or markets we want to get in. But it will take time. So maybe 
another 12 months from here as we get all the certifications in place, but eventually if 
we are able to crack even three-four countries the volumes can be big and the values 
are good, the realizations are pretty good and especially if you look at the European or 
the advanced middle east markets, the values can be very good. The margins also can 
be good. So, we are exploring that and definitely there's dedicated work happening in 
that direction. 
Viraj Mahadevia: And how are we playing against the Chinese in some of these 
markets? I would say perception etc? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: No, so if you see, this is just my personal past experience, if you see 
covering the last 20 years the Indian quality and specifications have been much 
higher than the Chinese for sure. And I'll give you the reasons why. Because in India 
we had, like China even from the last two decades typically had one specification which 
they would use it for 5 years and that was like a global specification formed by the 
central Chinese authorities and they had two-three utilities run the tenders and they 
would do that, no changes happening in the specifications for a fixed period let's say 
about 4-5 years. But the volumes were high. So typically the specifications were frozen 
but the quantities were large so they went into very good smart way of manufacturing 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcribed by ElevEase  
11 
those. India on the other hand, if you see in the last two decades, we had multiple 
utilities, let's say 25 states ordering so every utility had a different specification. So that 
was driving the specification each time and many times each state coming out let's say 
with two or three tenders would up the specification each time. So that put a lot of 
pressure on the R&D for the meter manufacturers and companies like us and maybe 
one or two of them who really survived those years and really kept abreast with the 
technology made the meter very strong like this.  
 
So if you compare one-on-one on the technology, I think India is far above and now 
with the smart meter in place and probably I would say one of the biggest rollouts 
of smart meters in the world, I think India is very well placed here. And in general 
perception also because we do a lot of switchgear in over 35-40 countries. I think the 
Indian perception is very good and a regular good customer is ready to pay a premium 
to any Indian manufacturer as compared to China. So this is just my personal this thing 
but I think we would have a very good chance if we penetrate into the utilities even 
internationally. And people will definitely prefer it. 
Virajj Mahadevia: Understood. One last question Gautam, given that now hopefully the 
worst is behind us from a smart metering perspective and steady tenders over the next 
two three years and the C&I business is picking up as you mentioned. Could we look to 
a 20% growth in topline over FY27 from FY26. Do you think 25% is achievable? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yes. I think it is achievable and internally when probably by next 
month when we are finalizing our budget for the next year internally with our teams I 
think that is something that should be minimum required. Keeping few challenges 
which would anyway come in the business, I think those types of growths are 
achievable. No doubt in that. I think our consumer segment is set for a good growth. 
Even metering we have the orders, the requirements are there. The policy is also very 
clear now. So that again should see a growth. So I think what you are saying looks 
definitely achievable. 
Viraj Mahadevia: Great. Thank you. All the very best. 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yeah. Thank you. 
Shankhini: Thanks for your follow-ups. Thanks for answering Gautam. What we'll do is 
we'll take some questions now that were sent in prior to the call.  
 
So the first question is about the recent developments in the FTA. We saw some 
European FTAs come through. Can you tell us how this affects our export opportunity 
for both our business segments on the metering front as well as the C&I segment? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yeah. So I would say two FTAs, one with UK which is I guess already 
signed and the Europe one which is announced and I guess it'll be also formalized and 
notified. So I think we stand as HPL electric we stand to gain from both these FTAs in 
a big way. Now as we read from the news that the import duties of engineering 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcribed by ElevEase  
12 
products into Europe would get reduced. So if you see India is basically on the IEC 
standards which are typically compatible with the UK and the European standards. 
So we stand a good chance as a company to supply into Europe, supply into the UK, 
into those markets and these countries typically have a lot of their manufacturing 
already shifted out of Europe.  
 
So typically it's gone major to China and now with this FTA I think India as a country and 
the engineering companies here have a good chance to become a manufacturing base 
for the European customers and big companies. So I think definitely we are looking at it 
and our focus in going forward in Hanover as I said we are participating in these fairs. 
Our focus is definitely to now penetrate into the market in a bigger way. And I think the 
difference in the duties should make us competitive vis-a-vis the other countries like 
China and if you look at technology-wise we are up there already. Our certifications and 
technologies are there. But only whatever if price was a major factor which was 
deterring the European customer or customers in UK from taking Indian products, I 
think that should give us a good advantage. 
Shankhini: Thanks Gautam. The next written in question that we'll take is regarding our 
go-to market strategy for the C&I segment.  
 
Can you give us more detail on what brand building initiatives and what initiatives we're 
putting in place to build our channel network in the domestic market which is the real 
push for the growth in the C&I segment? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yeah. So our efforts have been going on well before but now the 
results are on the board and I think this gives us some encouragement to look at this 
business in a bigger way. Although I don't give too much of a guidance many times, but I 
think the C&I next year we should be looking at probably crossing let's say 
thousand crores in a way or coming close to that. So I do foresee that even next year 
should be a good year for C&I. And with us reaching those levels that would be a 
minimum level to really grow further from there. Also our strategy has been focused on 
two-three major issues. We have really strengthened our supply chain in a big way. We 
believe that today putting the products close to the consumer or in an effective way. 
Because at peak time we had almost 30 warehouses in the country. 
 
 Today we operate only with six master warehouses and I think our supply chain 
through the 900 channel partners and the retailers today is much better off. There has 
been a lot of work which has gone into that. There has been a lot of products, new 
products have come out from our R&D which we say are creating certain differentiation 
with the competition and the acceptability with our customers or with our channel 
partners is definitely there. So I think that is going to be a big differentiation factor which 
is going to really make sure that the C&I products are coming out like that. Our 
advertising has seen a stronger push mainly in the digital segment where we have 
really probably made it 2x or 3x the spend what we were doing on the digital 
marketing on all the social media and other things. Our BTL has been very strong now. 
Although we are not spending big large money on television or more on the ATL part, but 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcribed by ElevEase  
13 
the BTL on point of sale and other parts have been pretty strong and they have been 
consistent. So I think with certain strategies which are giving us immediate ROIs 
keeping the budget in mind we are doing that. A lot of these actions have happened 
which have given us results. We are on the way of a lot of digital transformation where 
we are looking to launch two three new apps in the coming months which would 
connect all our dealers, all our retailers and a lot of our electricians including the 
loyalty programs of electricians through the app and everything going digitally through 
the QR codes.  
 
So that is something which again we are in the process of doing. So I think there are a 
couple of these smart moves which we are undertaking which will give us positive 
results going forward. Now the moment the way the sales are going up, it's my sense 
that maybe by the end of the later part of next year once we have much more sizable 
sales coming up and almost a thousand crores of revenue coming from C&I that would 
give us a minimum level to do much more brand building activities even on the ATL side 
where we can reach out to our end consumer in a bigger way and make HPL known as a 
household name. So I think that will happen naturally and progressively as we go 
forward but right now we are in a direction and we feel encouraged by the results what 
are coming. Of course the market is competitive, competition is there, but I think 
overall we've got certain things right for sure and I'm sure we'll learn and see that we 
keep up the growth coming up. 
Shankhini: Thanks Gautam. Just a quick follow-up on this. If you look at geographically, 
if you look at the C&I segment, is there room for more penetration when it comes to 
building the channel network? 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yes, I think if you see, like we are present in all the states, but still 
the penetration into tier 2 and tier three I think there's a huge gap which probably we 
need to do that. And not only now, I think even if we double up from here we will still see 
gaps happening in that. So there is definitely a room for us to grow. So even if the 
industry figures as flat, I see a huge opportunity for HPL electric to grow in this segment. 
So although sometimes if the industry is growing it does help us, but right now at least 
in the next five quarters I'm seeing a good runway for growth for C&I in a good way. And 
I'm sure we'll be putting the next level of strategies thereafter for future growth so that is 
going to happen.  
 
Even right now as we are closing the year, in the next 3 to 4 months covering let's say 
Feb, March, April and May, we do see a lot of new appointments of channel partners. 
Our teams have identified a lot of areas where HPL would require a strong distributor. 
So a lot of internal targets are there and monitoring that is ongoing there. So definitely I 
think we should be able to, there is a good gap which we are ready to fill up. 
Shankhini: Thank you Gautam that was really insightful. We have some more written 
questions but looking at the paucity of time we'll get back to you with some written 
answers and those in the question queue can also write to us and we'll be very glad to 
get your questions answered to your satisfaction. So before I hand over to Gautam for 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcribed by ElevEase  
14 
closing remarks, I'd also like to mention that we are planning some investor and 
analyst events for HPL in the coming month. So invites for that should go out shortly 
within a week or so. Participants here, you can also write to us on the email ID on the 
last slide of the investor deck and we'll be happy to include you in the registration 
process. So on that note, I'll hand over to you Gautam to make some closing remarks 
for our earnings webinar for today. Over to you. 
Mr. Gautam Seth: Yeah. So thank you. In closing, I would say HPL is entering the next 
phase of growth journey with a position of clear strength. We now have two scalable 
businesses which are smart metering and the consumer and industrial and both are 
meaningfully growing with meaningful drivers of growth in both of them. Our focus 
remains on strengthening the product platforms through R&D, expanding our 
distribution and channel network and maintaining discipline in the capital employed. 
Now with these operating momentum and multiple growth opportunities, we are well 
positioned to deliver long-term value for our stakeholders. So thank you for being part of 
our journey here and thank you and have a good evening ahead. 
Shankhini: Thanks to all our participants today and thanks Gautam on behalf of HPL. 
It's been a pleasure to host you all today. Happy to receive any more requests for data 
or any other questions and we'll make sure to get them answered. So, thank you for 
being with us and you may now disconnect your lines. Cheers everybody. Have a good 
evening. 
Disclaimer 
This transcript has been auto-generated and carefully reviewed to reflect,  as closely as possible,  the discussions held during the 
Q3 & 9M FY26 earnings call. It is shared in the interest of providing convenient and timely access to the substance of the 
conversation for investors and other stakeholders. In the event of any discrepancy or interpretation difference between this 
transcript and the call’s audio recording or the disclosures filed with the stock exchanges,  the audio recording and filed documents 
will be deemed authoritative. 
 
