 
                                                                                                                               
February 07, 2026 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Corporate Service 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai -400051 
NSE Symbol: VENTIVE 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda bldg., P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 544321 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
Disclosure under  Regulation  30  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  
India  (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
(“SEBI Listing Regulations”) ‐ Transcript of the Earnings Call held on February 
3, 2026. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held by 
the Company on February 03, 2026 at 4.00 p.m. in respect of the unaudited financial results 
(standalone and consolidated) for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025. 
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the aforesaid 
transcript 
will 
also 
be 
disclosed 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
i.e. 
www.ventivehospitality.com 
Request you to take same on record. 
Thanking You, 
For Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
Pradip Bhatambrekar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A25111 
PRADIP P 
BHATAMBREKAR
Digitally signed by PRADIP P 
BHATAMBREKAR 
Date: 2026.02.07 13:18:05 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RANJIT BATRA –CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MR. PARESH BAFNA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. MILIND WADEKAR – EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT – FINANCE AND INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Ventive Hospitality Q3 FY2026 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. The audio archive, transcript, financial statements and other documents 
related to the quarter will be made available on the company's website. 
 
We have with us today the management team of Ventive Hospitality Limited represented by Mr. 
Ranjit Batra, Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Paresh Bafna, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Milind 
Wadekar, Executive Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations.  
Please note that Ventive Hospitality Limited does not provide specific revenue or earnings 
guidance. Anything said on this call, which reflects management's outlook for the future, or 
which could be construed as a forward-looking statement, must be reviewed in conjunction with 
the risks that the company faces. These risks are outlined in the second slide of the earnings 
update presentation available on the company's website. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ranjit Batra. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us. On December 30th 2025, we celebrated 
the completion of our first full year as a listed company. In the past 12 months, we executed our 
growth vision, while remaining focused on operational excellence and delivering memorable 
guest experiences. 
 
This helped us emerge as one of the strongest performers in the sector, reporting one of the 
highest revenue and profit growth while expanding our portfolio in strategic assets and locations. 
This performance has been recognized by the markets, making our stock the most resilient in the 
sector, helping shareholders preserve their wealth in a soft market. 
Q3 FY26 marks another strong quarter of Ventive's execution capability with broad-based 
growth across India, Maldives and our annuity portfolio, with continued improvement in 
operating leverage. Importantly, this growth has come through asset level actions rather than 
one-off effects. Milind, my colleague, will walk you through the headline numbers, but let me 
share some key highlights of our performance.  
Our hospitality revenue grew 35% year-on-year in Q3, while EBITDA increased 53%1, with 
margins expanding to 40%, up 5 percentage points from last year. These outcomes reflect our 
strong asset management practices, delivering pricing strength in India, occupancy growth in 
Maldives and tighter control over costs across the portfolio.  
 
1 Read as 54% 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Starting with India, the revenue growth during the quarter was primarily ADR-led. India hotel 
revenue, including the contribution from Hilton Goa, which we acquired last quarter grew 22% 
year-on-year. Same store revenue growth in India was 17%. EBITDA grew 33%2, with margins 
expanding to 41%. ADR rose 17% to over ₹13,000, reflecting our continued focus on yield 
optimization and premium positioning. 
 
Occupancy in India was stable at 62% due to the one-off external factors such as the airline 
disruption and not due to any structural demand issue. Most importantly, the rate strength and 
effective revenue management more than compensated for this, resulting in RevPAR growth of 
15% to around ₹8,300 and TRevPAR to around ₹16,000.  
 
Pune continues to validate our long-held thesis. The absence of new luxury hotel supply, coupled 
with strong office absorption with new infrastructure upgrade, give us a clear headroom to 
sustain our ADR growth. Bangalore, particularly the Whitefield and the ORR micro markets, 
also delivered a very healthy performance supported by captive corporate demand. 
Food and beverage, being Ventive's key differentiator, remained an important contributor to 
overall performance. India TRevPAR grew 14%, driven by better utilization of existing outlets, 
stronger event programming and improved monetization during shoulder periods. 
Turning to Maldives, our Q3 revenue grew 46%, largely driven by strong occupancy growth. 
Same-store occupancy grew 4% points to 65%, reflecting our sales and marketing initiatives that 
captured a more spread-out demand profile across source markets. 
 
Raaya hit full stride during this quarter, achieving an occupancy of 84%, driving up overall 
occupancy to 71%., underscoring the benefit of product diversity between our three resorts, 
helping us capture market share across different price points. This translated into same-store 
TRevPAR growth of 17% to around ₹82,000. Including Raaya, TRevPAR was around ₹69,000. 
 
EBITDA growth was particularly strong, up 72%3 year-on-year, with margins expanding by 6 
percentage points to 39%. This improvement is a reflection of growing execution maturity in 
Maldives. Cost variability has reduced, operating rhythms are more predictable, and portfolio 
level coordination is improving flow-through as volumes rise. 
Refurbishment benefits at Conrad, Maldives, and Anantara are now clearly visible. Improved 
product positioning and better alignment with guest expectations have helped us to drive longer 
average stays, higher repeat visitation, and stronger monetization of food and beverage 
experience and wellness offerings. 
 
Raaya has now transitioned from ramp-up stage to stabilization. With the initial phase of 
promotional offers and familiarization behind us, the resort has meaningful headroom to drive 
 
2 Read as 35% 
3 Read as 73% 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
TRevPAR growth, supported by strong occupancy, disciplined cost structures, and growing 
brand recognition in the all-inclusive premium segment. 
At the market level, the full commissioning of the new Velana International Airport has eased 
historical capacity constraints, evident in the all-time high international arrivals in 2025. This 
will further help us drive occupancy and TRevPAR in the coming years. Meanwhile, the 
structural limitation on new island supply continues to support long-term pricing stability.  
Lastly, our annuity portfolio continues to provide stability and cash flow visibility. Annuity 
revenues grew 15% year-on-year in Q3 from new tenant acquisitions, while EBITDA grew at 
12%, with margin remaining strong at 90%.  
Our development pipeline remains firmly on track. Projects under our direct development, 
including Marriott Varanasi, AC by Marriott Bangalore, Courtyard by Marriott Mundra, Ritz-
Carlton Reserve, Pottuvil, Sri Lanka, continue to progress through the design, planning, and 
execution stages as scheduled, with targeted completions between FY '27 and '28. 
 
Our ROFO assets, including the JW Marriott, Navi Mumbai, and the three Moxy Hotels, are in 
the approval and design phase under the promoter group, with deliveries targeted around FY30. 
These assets provide long-term growth visibility without near-term capital strain and remain 
central to our objective of scaling to 4,000 keys over the medium term. 
Across both organic development and acquisition, our focus remains on capital returns, brand 
strength, and margin sustainability, rather than headline scale alone.  
During the quarter, we continue to make progress in our ESG initiatives in Maldives around 
solar, waste management, and hydroponics. On the social side, our accessibility and workforce 
initiatives help support retention, inclusion, and long-term operating stability. 
Our efforts resulted in three important recognitions:  
 
Ventive Hospitality has been recognized as the Leading Indian Hospitality Chain –for 
Ocean and Reef Conservation at the Sustainability Summit and Awards 2025. 
 
Anantara was awarded the Green Growth 2050 Platinum Certification. 
 
Conrad was certified as the Forbes Travel Guide Sustainability Verified Badge. 
I would also like to highlight a few other awards we received during the quarter. 
 
Raaya by Atmosphere recognized in the Robb Report Russia’s Best of the Best 2025 
Special Edition Almanac.  
 
Soho House Mumbai received a Michelin Key, a significant milestone for us. 
 
JW Pune and the Ritz-Carlton were recognized by Travel + Leisure India for 
Excellence in Leisure and City Luxury Hospitality. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Lastly, with a stellar 9-month performance, we are entering into the final quarter of the year with 
full confidence that we'll achieve our annual plan FY 26 and begin FY 27 with very strong 
momentum.  
We're also looking forward to opening the first AC by Marriott by disciplined execution of 
repositioning Aloft in Whitefield, Bangalore, with stipulated budget and time, with a 3x 
EBITDA improvement. 
 
With that, I now request Milind and Paresh to take you through the financials in greater detail. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Thank you, Ranjit. Good evening, everyone. Let me begin with my usual disclaimer on the 
comparative from last year. As you are aware, the acquisition of several entities in our portfolio 
took place in August 2024. So, our financial statements of prior periods do not have the financial 
numbers of those entities. 
 
To enable comparison, we have prepared proforma financial statements based on internal MIS 
for those periods, as if those acquisitions were made on April 1, 2023. Their revenues, cost and 
EBITDA are included in the proforma financial statement of 9 months FY 25. Hence, the number 
presented in the statutory financial statements will differ from the proforma figures in our 
commentary, our press release and earning update presentation. 
 
Prior year comparative for Q3, on the other hand, is based on actual financials.  
We continue to deliver strong performance reflecting the competitive moats around our business. 
Let me give you five key highlights of our Q3 financial performance.  
 
First one, unmatched ADR growth. Same-store ADR in India surged 18% led by 
luxury demand in Pune, setting us apart as a market leader. 
 
Second one, superior profitability. Delivered industry-leading EBITDA margin of 
41% in India and 39% in Maldives, reinforcing our operational excellence.  
 
Consistent margin expansion. Achieved broad-based improvement of 4 percentage 
points in India and 6 percentage points in Maldives on same-store basis. 
 
Fourth one, sustained profitability. Marked the fifth consecutive quarter of positive 
PAT with strong year-on-year growth momentum.  
 
And fifth, lowest cost of capital. After December 31, 2025, we successfully negotiated 
better rates for our dollar denominated loans, reducing the weighted average cost of 
funds at portfolio level to 6.82%, now the lowest in the peer group. As we speak, we 
are negotiating with lenders for rupee denominated loans, and we expect 10 bps 
reduction that will bring down our average cost of funds further. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Now let me walk you through the performance of each of our businesses. In Q3, our India 
portfolio contributed revenue of ₹239 crore, up 22% year-on-year driven by strong ADR growth 
and F&B growth.  
A common concern among investors is whether Pune is capable of absorbing high ADRs. As I 
already mentioned at the start, we had 18% same-store ADR growth in Q3 with stable 
occupancy. While that is very impressive, let me draw your attention to absolute figures. Four 
of our Pune hotels, i.e. JW Marriott, Ritz Carlton, Courtyard by Marriott and Marriott Suites 
collectively had an ADR of ₹14,758 in Q3, which is comparable with those of gateway-city 
luxury and upper-upscale properties. 
India Hospitality EBITDA was ₹98.6 crore, up 35% year-on-year. EBITDA margin for the 
quarter was 41%, an expansion of 4 percentage points over Q3 last year. EBITDA growth being 
higher than revenue growth implies an EBITDA margin of 59% on incremental revenue of ₹43 
crore. A clear demonstration of high operating leverages in our business model. 
 
On a same store basis, revenue growth was 17% and EBITDA growth was 31%. For the 9-month 
period, our India Hospitality business delivered EBITDA of ₹240.4 crore, up 36% year-on-year, 
with margin expanding to 39%, a full 6 percentage points higher than last year.  
 
This performance is an outcome of our strategy. The premiumization of our offerings and 
superior revenue mix have enabled us to consistently meet and exceed our internal targets for 
margin expansion. Importantly, this improvement is not a one-off achievement, but something 
that we can sustain over the foreseeable future and get profitability leadership in our sector.  
Over the 9-month period, we maintained steady 62% occupancy. This is not a weakness but an 
untapped potential. We have significant headroom for occupancy growth supported by powerful 
structural demand drivers, the strong absorption of commercial office space by GCC and flexible 
workspace providers, operationalization of Navi Mumbai Airport and improved road 
connectivity both to Pune and within the city. 
The Maharashtra government recently announced its GCC policy, offering fiscal incentives to 
attract global capability centres in Maharashtra, which is expected to benefit Pune 
disproportionately, giving us clear visibility on medium to long-term demand growth. Critically, 
there is no announced supply of new luxury keys in Pune, ensuring that our existing portfolio 
will continue to enjoy pricing power. 
Taken together, these factors position us for a sustained uplift in occupancy, which alongside 
our proven ADR growth, will serve as the twin engines driving industry-leading growth and 
profitability. 
Moving to our international hospitality portfolio, we entered the high season in Maldives in Q3. 
Our revenue grew 46% year-on-year to ₹326.4 crore, driven by a mix of ADR and occupancy 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
growth. On the same-store basis, the international hospitality revenue growth was 17%. Our 
EBITDA was ₹127.5 crore, up 73% year-on-year. 
EBITDA margin was 39%, an expansion of 6 percentage point year-on-year, quite similar to the 
profitability of our Indian hospitality business. Q3 was the first quarter in which Raaya's 
differentiated all-inclusive concept demonstrated its true profit potential, hitting an EBITDA 
margin of 40%, slightly higher than its more-storied peers. Excluding Raaya, EBITDA growth 
was 38%. 
In Maldives as well, the same-store EBITDA growth was higher than revenue growth, implying 
an EBITDA margin of 73% on incremental revenue of ₹38.2 crore. Over the last four quarters, 
with our consistently strong revenue and EBITDA growth in Maldives, we have clearly 
demonstrated its strength as a unique global high-luxury destination, and this should finally set 
to rest any investor's apprehension about the profitability or headroom for growth in Maldives. 
On a consolidated basis, revenue was ₹722 crore, up 27% year-on-year. This includes ₹16.9 
crore of foreign exchange gain from mark-to-market dollar-denominated assets. Our EBITDA 
was ₹348 crore, up 25%, and EBITDA margin of 48%. Same-store EBITDA growth in quarter 
3, excluding foreign exchange gain, was about 17%. 
For nine-month period, EBITDA was ₹822 crore, up 28% year-on-year. Our EBITDA margin 
for the period was 46% versus 45% of the same period last year. Same-store EBITDA growth 
for 9 months, excluding foreign exchange gains, was about 15%.  
Lastly, our profit after tax stood at ₹140.4 crore for the quarter, which is over 300% growth year-
on-year basis. 
I now request Paresh to give additional colour on our debt. 
Paresh Bafna: 
Thank you, Ranjit and Milind. Good evening, everyone. Ventive is steadily strengthening its 
financial foundation with lowering funding costs, improving leverage, strong liquidity, and 
robust credit ratings, providing the confidence and capacity to pursue disciplined, value-
accretive growth. 
 
I am pleased to report that we have achieved a sustained and significant reduction in our overall 
cost of funds. For our Indian assets, the cost of funds remained constant at 7.4%. For our offshore 
Maldivian assets, the cost decreased 7.02%, marking a reduction of 0.28% from the previous 
quarter. Post the quarter-end, we have successfully renegotiated our offshore debt and would see 
a reduction of at least 70 basis points in the Maldivian portfolio. 
 
As of 31st December 2025, accumulated debt across INR and USD exposures stands at ₹2,254 
crore. This includes ₹ debt of ₹1,375 crore linked to our Indian assets and USD debt of 98 million 
equivalent to ₹879 crore associated with our Maldivian assets. Our net debt position remains 
comfortable at ₹1,667 crore. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
These improvements not only enhance our financial efficiency but also bolster our ability to 
deploy capital at the right time in the right place. Case in point being the recent acquisition of 
Hilton Goa where we astutely utilized our internal accruals for acquisition of Hilton Goa, 
expanding and diversifying our asset portfolio. 
Today, our net debt to EBITDA is 1.4x, which demonstrates the steady growth supported by 
strong operating cash flow and predictable annuity inflows. Reflecting our strong financial 
fundamentals, Ventive retains AA rating (Stable), while a material subsidiary continues to hold 
AA+ rating (Stable) from CRISIL. 
 
A Bangalore-based subsidiary which operates the Aloft ORR Hotel has attained AA rating. This 
further reinforces our financial strength and our capacity to pursue strategic acquisitions and 
expand with confidence. To conclude, Ventive's solid balance sheet, disciplined financial 
management and clear growth trajectory position us exceptionally well to capture emerging 
opportunities and continue advancing towards an exciting future. 
 
Thank you. Now I open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
We take the first question from the line of Yash Darak from Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Yash Darak: 
So, what is Ventive's philosophy and how does the company differentiate itself against its peers? 
Ranjit Batra: 
So, hi, Yash. Thank you for your question on Ventive’s philosophy. Okay, let me try to answer 
it. I think, let me give you a little flavor. In EBITDA terms we are among the top four hotel 
companies in India, and we intend to be amongst the top two. We are one of the best performing, 
most resilient stocks in the hospitality sector as I already mentioned. 
What we have in our kitty is very strong balance sheet strength. Our cost of debt, like my 
colleague just mentioned, is probably the lowest in the industry. Our CRISIL rating is AA stable. 
One of our USPs is that our promoters, Panchshil, which has a 56% stake, can build, acquire, 
and rebrand really quickly, compared to anyone else. And we have Blackstone as the other 
promoter, which can really make great acquisitions. 
 
So, this is, I count as a huge strength. Pune, being a fortress market, where we have a majority 
share in luxury market, will be unmatched in pricing power. While Maldives market, the supply 
of islands is less, and we continue to enjoy the great benefit that Maldives is coming through the 
entire uplift of rates that we see and occupancy. 
 
Typically, it is not easy to build in Maldives. Like I said before, Panchshil has built Raaya from 
scratch. It takes 5 to 8 years for construction, 4x to 6x of cost of India. Very difficult to execute. 
Debt is also very difficult to come by. So, we already know that market and we've got two more 
big assets. So, this is a great destination for global leisure travelers with high ARRs. Pretty much 
what Ventive is and I can give more flavor as we go on. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vaibhav from Haitong Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Vaibhav: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on a strong set of numbers. My first question was on our international 
portfolio. We have seen a very strong occupancy expansion even on a same-store basis. 
Occupancy has reached 65% mark for Q3. 
I wanted to understand how much headroom do you see from the current levels, especially in a 
peak demand season for this portfolio. And on the similar lines, given the portfolio is doing 
exceptionally well, do you think we can, going forward, evaluate adding more properties into 
Maldives market? That's my first question. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Okay. Occupancies grew well in Maldives. 4 percentage points to 65% and with the addition of 
Raaya, it goes up north of 71%. So, we will be stabilizing the occupancy in Maldives at around 
70%. Largely, the demand was better across the source markets. Our teams have also been 
working very hard to lift base occupancy. 
 
So, I see that Maldives will continue on the occupancy trend and for some of the obvious reasons, 
I think, if you want, I can break it up into Maldives and India. But first, let me answer Maldives. 
Raaya, which again, has occupancy of 84%, proves that there's enough business between our 
three resorts. 
 
Having three different products, like the Conrad, Anantara, at the ultra-luxury level and Raaya, 
the premium all-inclusive resort, is now working very well for us. It allows us to address 
different guest segments, price points, and it steadily builds up market share, supporting our 
thesis of TRevPAR growth. From an occupancy in India perspective, largely remains flat, but 
this has been a conscious decision from a revenue perspective and revenue management 
perspective. 
Vaibhav: 
And in terms of evaluating more opportunities for Maldives market, would you consider that in 
future? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Given that we understand the market and we are now managing our portfolio really, really well, 
and sometimes even ahead of the market, we do believe we have the bandwidth to understand a 
given opportunity that comes by and presents compelling reasons. Yes, we will. 
Vaibhav: 
Understood, sir. Secondly, on our EBITDA margins at a consolidated level, we have seen 
margins to be flattish, despite the revenue being strong, mainly due to opex, other expenses and 
our employee cost being higher year on year. Any particular reason for that? 
Milind Wadekar: 
So, Vaibhav, let me take that question. EBITDA margins at the consolidated level are flattish 
because one of the reasons is employee cost. Ventive came into existence in August 2025 -- 
sorry, August 2024. And employees were transferred from group companies to Ventive 
progressively. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
So, in Q3 FY25, our corporate overheads were on the lower side. As we started building the 
corporate team here at the corporate office, corporate overheads have taken away around 1% 
from our margin. Now, if you want, if you compare our other expenses corresponding to quarter 
3 last year, the increase is around ₹60 crore. Okay. 
But if you look at ₹17 crore is on account of incremental fees, tour operators’ fees and payments 
to operators for more business. ₹20 crore are expenses of our new properties, that is Raaya and 
Hilton. And ₹15 crore is around corporate overheads increase as compared to last year. Hope I 
have answered your question. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Yes. Also, I'd like to add, also, please look at our hospitality margins, not at consolidated 
numbers. India margins grew 4% to 41% and Maldives grew 6% to 39%. 
Vaibhav: 
Understood, sir. Now... 
Milind Wadekar: 
Vaibhav, I have not answered your employee cost. Employee cost increases on account of 
normal increments, salaries of new hotels, Hilton and Raaya, which were not there last year. 
And this quarter, we have impact of around ₹3 crore due to the new Labour Code. 
Vaibhav: 
And this ₹3 crore impact will continue now going forward? 
Milind Wadekar: 
It is a one-time, non-recurring, non-cash provision in the book.4 
Vaibhav: 
Understood. And now coming to India portfolio, sir, we have seen a strong ADR growth of 17%. 
So, can you break that up in terms of markets for Bangalore and Pune, how was the ADR growth? 
And in terms of occupancy as well, there's a minor dip this quarter. So, if you could just share 
some asset wise performance for the Indian market? 
Milind Wadekar: 
So, Vaibhav, we don't give city level occupancy, but Ranjit will tell you about drivers for ADR 
growth. 
Ranjit Batra: 
So, across Pune and Bangalore, and that's what your question is, you want to understand more 
on the ADR side. So, we have a 17% ADR growth that you're seeing is probably one of the 
highest for Ventive since listing in this quarter. And I think this is predominantly, let me break 
it into Pune. 
 
I think Pune continues to be very strong office market driven by GCCs, which is also the main 
driver for ADRs, office hubs being Kharadi, Baner, Koregaon Park, etcetera. And as of early 
2026, India was actually the home of over 1,800 GCCs, which is actually half of that globally. 
So, India has about 50% share of global GCC. 
 
4 This impact of around 3 crores will not affect EBITDA. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
 
And Pune hosts around 360 to 400 GCCs, which is about 20% of India's total. So, that makes 
Pune one of India's premier locations for capturing high-end business demand. Apart from that, 
we have of course, the new Navi Mumbai Airport, which is also going to be helping. It's already 
helping, but I see much more strength in the coming years. 
Regarding the Bangalore Outer Ring Road and Whitefield, these are very strong fundamentally 
micro markets in Bangalore, among the country's best office markets, in my opinion. So, I need 
to make a special mention here on the Aloft Outer Ring Road, which has shown exceptional 
ADR growth. 
 
Majority of the growth has come through GDS. This has been our single largest revenue driver 
in India. Revenue from GDS grew 31% yoy, and GDS contributed 52% of transient. I love GDS 
because of the global distribution system, which translates to direct bookings as much as we can. 
So, the focus remains direct bookings. Thank you. 
Milind Wadekar: 
So, let me add here, Vaibhav. As I already mentioned in my opening remarks, the ADR of our 
four properties in Pune is ₹ 14,758 per quarter, which is comparable with companies with hotels 
in gateway cities. If you look at our EBITDA per key, it is around ₹2.3 million/key, and 
consolidated level, it is around ₹3.5 million. So, again, when we are tracking, comparing, 
benchmarking ourselves with the peer companies, in spite of having limited presence in gateway 
cities, our rates, our EBITDA per key is really comparable. 
Vaibhav: 
Great, sir. Understood. Last question, if I may, regarding our Hilton acquisition. Just wanted to 
understand how have been the early demand trends, post taking over the property. And if you 
can just share a bit of color on the demand trends in January as well? Thank you. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Sure. Vaibhav, as you know, Goa is still the top destination in India for leisure and will remain 
so. This is our belief, and that's why we've added an asset there. While we moved in, with a very 
strategic asset of Hilton, we have now gone into the next phase already. We are adding 60 to 65 
new rooms to the existing 104 to enhance asset value. 
We are also in deep and conclusive talks with Hilton for a higher brand within the Hilton system. 
So, there's a huge substantial upside, additional room inventory, new wellness offerings, and full 
activation of F&B. We'll make sure that this hotel is one of the most prominent hotels in Goa, 
feeding and catering to all customer needs that come and enjoy leisure. 
So, I personally feel, as you know, Ventive's F&B strength will also play in here. We've already 
gone to soft refurb for the existing inventory. I'm really looking forward to the upcoming new 
brand and can't wait to announce it. 
Milind Wadekar: 
So, Vaibhav, when we acquired this property, this hotel had reported EBITDA of around ₹18 
crore, which translates into ₹17 lakh EBITDA per key. And as Ranjit mentioned, we are 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
rebranding, repositioning this hotel with 65 additional keys. We expect EBITDA per key will 
go to around ₹25 lakh EBITDA per key, and this hotel will generate annual EBITDA of around 
₹40 crore for us, post renovation, repositioning, rebranding in a stabilized year.  
Vaibhav: 
Understood, sir. And regarding the January trends, if you can just share a bit of color? 
Ranjit Batra: 
We have gone little soft with our refurb, so I'm not able to give you the January trends. Now we 
are moving .all our focus for Goa into reinventing this hotel with a new face and uplift. 
Vaibhav: 
Okay, sir. Perfect. Thank you so much for answering the questions and all the best. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Achal Kumar from HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Achal Kumar: 
Yes, perfect. Thank you for the opportunity. So first of all, I want to understand about the areas 
in India hospitality segment. So, you have reported 17% growth. So, two questions here actually. 
So one, how much of this growth was the underlying growth? So, you must have built in some 
increase when you renew the corporate rates and otherwise also. 
And secondly, how much of this growth was due to the revenue management? So that is the first 
question. And second part of the question is that how much further scope do you see, how much 
you can drive it through the revenue management? Thanks. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Okay, just one sec. I think to answer specifically on your revenue management, Achal, -- we use 
a data-driven approach in using the industry's leading intelligence tools. So, we are not different 
to any other. Maybe we have some further and stronger tools to analyze our performance and 
benchmark it. 
 
What we basically do is we push yield first, not volume for the sake of volume. This pretty much 
has resulted in double-digit growth. As you've been following Ventive's performance, we've had 
double-digit growth in all our quarters and RevPAR and TRevPAR. And this is not just in one 
market: it's across the portfolio. 
So when we price for compression, on peak nights, we run tight sell to protect the retail channels. 
We push GDS business, which indirectly, like I explained before, helps translate into direct 
bookings. And we also try to lift weekday occupancy and ADRs, but more ADRs. We optimize 
channel mixes. We strengthen and prioritize OTAs when we need to. 
 
We are quite nimble. We keep shifting our focus based on the challenges of the quarter that 
come and present. This quarter, the challenge was a little softening of occupancy. So, we pushed 
on rate. As you can see the result coming out in a strong RevPAR growth of 15%. My direction 
to all revenue managers as owners of those assets is to focus on RevPAR, not occupancy alone 
or rate alone. And that's pretty much our story. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
It's always a tighter rope to walk to increase rates. And it's much easier to actually increase 
occupancy. I can do special discounts. I can prioritize rates, discounted rates and increase 
occupancy any day of the week. But this is what we do at Ventive. In India, we push RevPAR. 
And in Maldives, we push TRevPAR. 
Achal Kumar: 
Thanks for that. My question was actually, so by doing all these revenue management efforts, 
which you have been doing, and obviously in the hotel industry, I guess that's a very sensible 
thing to do. What I was trying to understand is that how much of those efforts contributed to this 
17% ADR growth? 
 
I mean, was a majority of it from revenue management? Or did you increase the rates? And so 
what was the increase? What was the contribution from increased rate? And what was the 
contribution from these revenue management efforts? If you could break them? Just want to 
understand, you know, that how much rate increase was there? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Achal, I'll give you a breakup. There was an increase from a special corporate, which is basically 
what we have as contracted corporate rates that grew 11%. And retail grew 19%. That was one 
area. The other area was also foreign travelers that came in this quarter was a record number for 
us at 61%. That also further lifted our rates. 
 
And going back to my GCC point, also, I cannot give all the contribution to revenue 
management, there is also a thrust of demand that came in through special conversion that we 
did in our luxury offerings in our hotels. And we hopefully are giving doing the right things and 
giving the right value for money and product and service and customers are not reluctant to pay 
a premium for it. That's our bet. 
Achal Kumar: 
Right, right. No, I think that that's fair. The other thing I wanted to understand, generally, you 
know, sort of about Pune markets have been expecting that the new airport in Pune, of course, 
the demand will grow. And then of course, you made a very valid point about GCC. 
Now going forward, how do you think these sectors will contribute to the growth? And have you 
sort of gone to the new GCCs or the new corporate partners coming to you for the agreements 
and also just to understand, you know, the sort of how the growth looks like, incremental growth 
from here on? 
Ranjit Batra: 
I'm a firm believer. And so, our planning stage, when we develop these hotels, we knew exactly 
what we are doing, how the Pune market is currently doing and how it will unfold in the future. 
We've done very smart geographical mix within Pune city in different segments with different 
products and different price points. 
 
So, there is no cannibalization. We are in key micro markets of Pune as well. And apart from 
this, we are very active in our channel mix, segment mix and our marketing and RevPAR uplift. 
So we see the tailwinds of the airport in Navi Mumbai pushing it. The existing airport has already 
been upgraded. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
The expected 40 million sq.ft of office space absorption over the next 5 years will further drive 
improvements in occupancy. 
As you know, one of the things for Ventive, which just puts us a little differently, is that 25% of 
our business comes in from our mixed-use development. And that is a very healthy advantage 
that we get over anyone else. 
Milind Wadekar: 
So actually, if I were to add further, if you look at our India portfolio, two of our properties, Ritz 
and JW, which is around 40% of our portfolio, I mean, these are luxury offerings, right? And 
not really price sensitive. So, I think pushing rate, headroom for ADR growth is there. We'll 
continue growing this. At the same time, Pune market will drive occupancy. So, we have 
headroom for both. And I think growth will be faster in this sector. 
Achal Kumar: 
Right. Fair enough. My last question is about the sort of capex, if you could guide a capex and 
anything in terms of your debt and are you comfortable with the 1.4x or do you think you want 
to sort of drive it down further? 
Milind Wadekar: 
Okay, let me answer on debt first. If you look at our debt, we are around ₹1,650 crore net debt 
as of today. If you see the comparison with the previous quarter, I mean, it has gone up 
marginally by ₹20 crore. The gross debt increase, what you see, I mean, the ₹100-odd crore has 
come up from the acquisition, Hilton debt we have taken. So, we have invested around ₹135 
crore in Hilton in this quarter and around ₹30 crore till date in Soho. Everything is funded from 
our internal accruals. 
I mean, our debt is flat, right? When we look at our capex over the next 2 years for the projects 
which are on our balance sheet, that is Sri Lanka, Varanasi and AC by Marriott should take 
around ₹800 crore to ₹900 crore unspent amount over the next 2 years, which mostly will be 
funded through internal accruals. 
And ROFO assets we are evaluating, taking it on warm-shell lease. So it will come after 30 
months. So, we are not stretching our balance sheet. And we have enough headroom for taking 
additional debt as and when we want for any growth plans or acquisition. 
Achal Kumar: 
So just one clarification. So, you're saying ₹800 - 900 crore, including your capex on these assets, 
plus your refurbishing, everything. And this is over the 2 years, which means about ₹400 crore 
a year, ₹450 crore a year, right? 
Milind Wadekar: 
Yes. Yes. I mean, over the next 30 months. 
Achal Kumar: 
Yes, yes. But ₹400 to 450 per year. That's the number, right? 
Milind Wadekar: 
Yes. 
Achal Kumar: 
Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Ranjit Batra: 
Thank you, Achal. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sumit Kumar from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Sumit Kumar: 
Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on our great set of numbers. 
A couple of bookkeeping questions, sir. One would be, what would be the RevPAR or ADR 
growth for the India business if we leave out Goa? 
Milind Wadekar: 
Okay. RevPAR5 growth is around 18%. 
Sumit Kumar: 
Okay. And the second question would be, what is the growth of F&B business in both India and 
international portfolios for the quarter? 
Ranjit Batra: 
So, for F&B, we have very healthy growth, happy to announce 16% growth in F&B overall 
portfolio. 
Sumit Kumar: 
That is on an overall basis? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Yes. 14% in India. 
Sumit Kumar:  
Okay, okay. And how do you see that going forward into 4Q? Will the same trend continue or 
will it be better than that? How does that seasonality play out in F&B? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Well, all I can tell you, the next quarter or this quarter is even stronger traditionally and will 
continue to serve the same trends. 
Milind Wadekar: 
So, Sumit, Maldives property's quarter 4 is the strongest quarter. And if you compare our last 
year's quarter 3 and quarter 4 EBITDA numbers, we had incremental EBITDA of around ₹900 
crore. So, we expect the same trend will continue. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Let me give you a flavor, Sumit. It will be in double digits. 
Sumit Kumar: 
Okay. Cool. That's all for my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Thank you. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Jay Kant Beria from IIFL Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
 
5 Read as “same-store ADR growth 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Jay Kant Beria: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So, we have mentioned in our presentation that we are scouting 
multiple acquisition opportunities and that they are under review. So, can you give more color 
in terms of the geographies that we are targeting and the kind of mix whether they are more 
leisure-oriented or business-oriented? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Jay Kant, thank you for the question. We look at the industry as a whole. I think we are very 
aware of the customer preferences and we are always shifting. I think we are combining our 
strength of construction. As you know, we make great hotels. It's not something I'm saying. 
Everyone knows how well Ritz-Carlton has been executed. Within the budget, within timelines, 
our cost of construction is also lower versus competitors' delivery time. So, we have that whole 
strength behind us, right? 
And we not only have that strength, we've executed. So, while we have the execution capability 
of delivering about 150 keys every year and almost a hotel every 2 years, we are at the final 
stage and conclusive stage of many opportunities, and we are being very picky of what we do. 
To give you a flavor, we are working more towards wellness and leisure, and we will continue 
in that pipeline and we'll use our strength of branded residence to add to that. 
Jay Kant Beria: 
Sure. And also, if I may, so for Hilton Goa, although you have hinted that the property is in its 
early stage, but can you give on a stabilized basis what kind of ARRs and occupancy should we 
build in for that hotel? 
Milind Wadekar: 
Jay, our existing ADR when we took this property was around ₹13,000 average. I think post 
rebranding, repositioning, we'll definitely see growth in ADR and as already mentioned, we are 
looking at EBITDA per key of ₹25 lakh. This property should give us around ₹40 crore of 
EBITDA in absolute terms. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Yes, that's doubling the EBITDA for sure. 
Jay Kant Beria: 
Sure, that's all from my side. Thank you. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Ranjit Batra for his closing comments. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Thank you and to summarize, Q3 FY 26 reflects strong execution across all parts of our business. 
I'd like to special thanks to all my teams to make all this happen. We delivered robust revenue 
growth, meaningful margin expansion and continued improvement in operating average while 
maintaining balance sheet discipline. 
 
This also marks another quarter of consistent double-digit growth across key operating matrix 
since our listing. With another solid quarter still ahead of us, our focus remains on sustaining 

 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
February 03, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
TRevPAR growth through active asset management and progressing our development 
acquisition pipeline with precision. 
Thank you once again for joining us today. We appreciate your continued support and the 
interest in Ventive Hospitality. Thank you. 
Milind Wadekar:  
Thank you very much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ventive Hospitality Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
