 
 
 
No. 2019/IRCTC/CS/STEX/356 
 
 
 
                         February 18, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
(Through BSE Listing Centre) 
1st Floor, New Trade Wing, Rotunda 
Building Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 542830 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(Through NEAPS) 
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block-G, Bandra-
Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 
400 051 
Scrip Symbol: IRCTC 
 
Sub: Outcome of investors/analysts meet – Transcript of “Q3FY26 Earning 
Conference Call” held on Friday, 13th February, 2026. 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, 
 
Sir/Madam, 
 
In reference to our communication dated 06th February, 2026, please find enclosed 
herewith the Transcript of “Q3FY26 Earning Conference Call” held on Friday, 13th 
February, 2026. 
  
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For Indian Railway Catering and  
Tourism Corporation Limited 
  
(Suman Kalra) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F9199 
 
Encl: As above. 
suman 
kalra
Digitally signed by suman kalra 
DN: c=IN, o=Indian Railway Catering and Tourism 
Corporation Ltd, ou=Company Secretory, 
2.5.4.20=97d540451782e28473735b6f729b19b35
8c83ac8f8cc2024f33c3f49078d3e9d, 
postalCode=110001, st=DELHI, 
serialNumber=4deeb12f23f611e01f72faebd9647a
d036cef3343d11ad1af4409df02068217c, 
cn=suman kalra 
Date: 2026.02.18 10:41:29 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY KUMAR JAIN – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – INDIAN RAILWAY CATERING 
AND TOURISM CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
MR. SUDHIR KUMAR – DIRECTOR, FINANCE AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – INDIAN RAILWAY 
CATERING AND TOURISM CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
MR. RAHUL HIMALIAN – DIRECTOR TOURISM AND 
MARKETING – INDIAN RAILWAY CATERING AND 
TOURISM CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
MR. MANOJ KUMAR  SHARMA – DIRECTOR  CATERING 
SERVICE – INDIAN RAILWAY CATERING AND TOURISM 
CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAHUL JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the IRCTC Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jain: from Dolat Capital. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Rahul Jain:: 
Thank you, Alaric. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, we welcome you all 
to the Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of IRCTC Limited. I take this opportunity to 
welcome the management of IRCTC represented by Mr. Sanjay Kumar Jain, who is Chairman 
and Managing Director of the company; Mr. Sudhir Kumar, who is Director, Finance and CFO. 
We also have on the call, Shri Rahul Himalian Ji, who is Director of Tourism and Marketing; 
and Mr. Manoj Sharma, Director Catering Services of the company. 
 
Now I would like to hand the conference over to IRCTC management to take the proceedings 
forward. Over to you, please. Thank you, Rahul. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Good afternoon. It's my pleasure to welcome you to the earnings call of IRCTC for the quarter 
ended 31st December 2025. The financial results for Q3 '26 were announced yesterday and filed 
with the stock exchanges. I will begin with a brief overview of our performance, after which our 
Director of Finance and CFO, Mr. Sudhir Kumar, will present a detailed financial and segment-
wise analysis. 
 
We will then open the floor for questions. Q3 FY '26 stood out to be extremely encouraging with 
the highest ever revenue and profitability in the company's history. This reflects the strength of 
our operating model, resilient business segment and sustained momentum across core business 
verticals. During the quarter, PAT stood at INR394 crores, registering a healthy year-on-year 
growth of 15.5%, driven by strong performance in Internet ticketing, rail neer and tourism, along 
with improved operational efficiencies and prudent cost management. 
 
EBITDA stood at INR465 crores, a jump of 11.5% year-on-year. Revenue from operations 
increased to INR1,449 crores from INR1,225 crores in the corresponding quarter last year, 
reflecting a growth of 18.2% with a robust contribution across all business segments. This 
consistent performance is anchored in a citizen-centric business model, strong brand positioning 
and continuous enhancement of our digital capabilities. 
 
We remain committed to the expanding new age offerings, improving operational efficiencies 
and leveraging technology to enhance customer experience while exploring emerging 
opportunities in tourism, hospitality and value-added services. We are confident of sustaining 
this growth momentum, supported by our strong financial position and commitment to long-
term stakeholder value. 
 
Thank you. I now hand over the call to Mr. Sudhir Kumar, our Director, Finance and CFO, for 
a detailed discussion on the financial and segmental performance. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
Sudhir Kumar: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of the management team, I extend a warm 
welcome to all of you to this earnings call to discuss our financial and operational performance 
for the third quarter of financial year 2025-'26. I'm pleased to share that the company has 
delivered a strong and resilient performance during the quarter, reflecting the robustness of our 
diversified business model and disciplined execution. 
 
Profit after tax stood at INR394 crores, registering a year-on-year growth of 15.5%. Total 
revenue for the quarter reached INR1,449 crores, representing a 18.2% increase over the 
corresponding period last year. EBITDA rose to INR465 crores with a healthy EBITDA margin 
of 32.1%, although margins moderated slightly due to changes in revenue mix, particularly 
higher contribution from catering and provisions, our overall profitability remained strong and 
sustainable. 
 
Let me now briefly highlight the segment-wise performance. Internet ticketing continued to be 
our most profitable segment and the core strength of the company. Revenue stood at INR401 
crores, up 13.2% year-on-year. Nearly 89% of the reserved railway tickets in India are now 
booked through our online platform, underscoring our leadership in digital ticketing. The 
segment delivered an impressive EBITDA margin of 85%, reflecting strong operating leverage 
and cost efficiency. 
 
Catering recorded revenue of INR661 crores, achieving a robust growth of 19.1% year-on-year. 
Margins were impacted due to higher sales in train catering operations and pilot initiatives such 
as branded catering projects, along with our continued focus on enhancing customer value and 
passenger satisfaction. 
 
Despite this, the segment remains a steady and scalable growth driver, supported by rising 
passenger volumes and ongoing service improvements. Rail Neer generated revenue of INR98 
crores, registering a 6.5% year-on-year growth. Margins improved during the quarter, driven by 
economy in material costs and sustained operational efficiencies, along with strong brand 
acceptance in the market. 
 
Tourism delivered an excellent performance with revenue of INR289 crores, marking a 29% 
year-on-year growth despite temporary geopolitical disruptions. EBITDA margins improved to 
19%, reflecting a better product mix and focused cost rationalization initiatives. Our overall third 
quarter results demonstrate the resilience of our business, disciplined cost management, a strong 
digital backbone and unwavering focus on operational excellence. We remain confident in our 
growth momentum and are well positioned to create sustainable long-term value for our 
stakeholders. 
 
With this, I conclude my remarks. We will now open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. The first question comes from the line of Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, my question is on the catering business, which reported 
a very healthy growth of 19% in this quarter. So if you can highlight the reasons behind that. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
And also in the opening commentary, you mentioned that margins were impacted due to the 
Vande Bharat project. So if you can just talk a bit about that as well? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Thank you, Mr. Joshi. It's a very good question. We have seen that our revenue from Vande 
Bharat train this time, the billing has increased by INR70 crores and so be the license fee. So the 
main reason for factoring business revenue enhancement is introduction of additional 40 trains 
during the period. And so far as margin is concerned, when we log the revenue for the Vande 
Bharat billing, it doesn't give us that much license fee. And additionally, 5% GST, we have to 
pay out of that. So that is the main reason of the margin not very high, which you have indicated. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure, sir. And secondly, you mentioned that 40 additional trains were introduced in this quarter, 
which basically led to a very good growth. Sir, how to think from FY '27 and '28 perspective? 
Because if I look at our catering business in 1Q and 2Q, the growth was slightly weaker and 
suddenly, we have seen a very sharp jump led by addition of trains. So can you give some color 
as to how many new trains are expected to be introduced in, say, '27 and '28 and how to think 
from the 2-year perspective, especially on the growth side? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Again, it's a very pertinent question, important question, how it looked like in the catering 
business. So you must have seen the budget announcement and the discussion thereafter in the 
parliament and various media coverage, wherein it is very categorically told by rail ministry that 
they are going to introduce 260 Vande Bharat train sets. So these trains are already in the 
pipeline, and that is certainly going to add good business for IRCTC catering. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. Sir, one last bookkeeping question from my side. If you can just give out the figures 
for a number of tickets that were booked in this quarter? And what was the share of UPI 
transactions and also the breakdown between convenience and non-convenience revenue. So 
that is the last question from my side. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Our convenience revenue is INR251 crores and non-convenience revenue is INR150 crores 
during this quarter. And the ticket booking, average daily ticket booking in lakhs is around 
INR14.64 lakh per day as against INR13.59 lakhs last year December '24. And the UPI share 
has increased from 46.86% last year to 50.18%. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kashish Mehta from Dolat Capital. 
Kashish Mehta: 
Congratulations to the team on a wonderful quarter. I have a couple of questions. So firstly, on 
the payment aggregator license that I received the in-principle approval in the previous quarter, 
and it was said that by January end they would be submitting the final applications. So just the 
time lines treated on that thing. I just wanted a view of how the management is looking at that 
thing from a strategic business drive up potentially going ahead? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
So our document submission date has been extended by RBI till August this year. And we have 
already engaged our technology service provider. So most likely we'll be submitting the 
documents at the earliest. 
Kashish Mehta: 
And one more question. Again, sir, regarding Railneer , it was announced that the company will 
be undertaking 4 greenfield projects in FY '27, I think. So again, what are the time lines because 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
naturally greenfield operations take a bit of time getting operationalized? And what sort of 
capacity expansion are we looking at once these plants get operational? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
You see, first of all, we are enhancing the capacity of our existing plant at Danapur and 
Ambernath. We are doubling its capacity. In addition, our Board has already sanctioned for 
installation of 4 new plants at Mysore, Prayagraj, Bhagalpur and Ranchi. So we'll be adding 
around 25% to 30% capacity in say -- in 1.5 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Harsh Yadav from Dolat Capital. 
Harsh Yadav: 
Congrats on a wonderful set of numbers this quarter I firstly, just wanted to confirm the numbers 
for convenience, nonconvenience -- if I'm right, then it was INR251 crores convenience and also 
for daily ticket booking. If you could share that again? I missed that. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
I could not get you properly, but I think you want to know what is the share of convenience fee 
in the IT earnings. That is INR251 crores and non-convenience fee realization is INR150 crores. 
Harsh Yadav: 
Okay. Regarding your real new volume, could you share the average volume of rail neer bottles 
you sold per day in Q3? And how close are we to reaching that 2 million bottles per day capacity 
target? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
The average is 12.68 lakhs bottle. 
Harsh Yadav: 
I had one more question around the Amrit Bharat station scheme. We had previously noted that 
static catering units were being impacted by these station upgrades. So has that normalized here 
in Q3 now? Or are we seeing some revenue flow from these upgraded stations yet or are we yet 
to see that? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Earlier, we were having our projects at 543 stations. It has now increased to 563. 
Harsh Yadav: 
Okay. All right. I have a few more questions. If you could give me the time to ask them. I could 
-- I also wanted to confirm the UPI transaction share. Was it 50.18%? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Yes. 
Harsh Yadav: 
Okay. Also regarding the labor code impact you had mentioned in the footnotes that you're still 
assessing the labor code impact and we've seen a lot of peers taking your provisions this quarter. 
So could you give me like a broad range of quantum of any potential liabilities in the case in 
Q4? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
I don't see there is any major impact because we are still examining the impact as such in detail 
because there are 2 things which may come for us, like earlier gratuity that used to be given in 
5 years. So it has been reduced to 1 year and health checkup. So like for our regular employees, 
we have no problem because we will see to that. And whatever the impact of that will be adding 
to our cost. But that we will compensate by increasing the volume and revenue of the business. 
Harsh Yadav: 
So tourism did really well. And how much of this do you think would be able to this influx of 
seasonality would we be able to carry over to Q4 for Maharaja Express and Bharat Gaurav? 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
You see all of our segments have shown a very good increase and we are targeting to achieve 
15% sustainable growth this year. 
Harsh Yadav: 
Just one last question from my end. This is a little generic in nature, but I just wanted to ask, so 
you have a huge database. And are there any anonymized data insights or products that were 
created for third parties that you would like to use? Or is it strictly for personnel IRCTC to use 
due to privacy concerns? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
You see we have to see the DPDP compliances. And we have a very -- like we have planned to 
introduce our unified portal and taking use of data available with us to cross-sell our products, 
but this will be in compliance to DPDP guidelines. 
Harsh Yadav: 
Okay. With these Swiggy, Zomato integrations and catering going. Do you see any -- do you 
see this as a cannibalization of your onboard entry card sales? Or is it purely incremental? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
You see there is no dearth of market for both kinds of things. Like -- as I showed you the figure 
of this quarter, both our normal catering also increased and our e-catering also increased by, say, 
25%. So the difference is like in basic catering, we serve the daal chawal khaana type of thing. 
But in catering, you can add to what you eat. So both the things are complementing each other, 
and I don't see any downside anywhere in both the segments. It should be win -win situation. 
Harsh Yadav: 
Regarding the OTA platform that you had mentioned, are you aggressively looking to compete 
with private OTAs or non-rail inventories like hotels of flights this year, the focus will primarily 
be on cross-selling existing rail passengers? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
You see our forte is rail passengers. But now at the moment, our rail passengers are utilizing the 
services related -- travel-related services from other OTA sites and from unorganized sector. 
Even if we are able to like capture some of the value-added services, to our customers. This is a 
very good business proposition for us. Around 1,600,000 tickets we are booking every day. 
 
And our total other transactions are only 1,0000 a day which includes hotels, airlines, tool 
packages and all. So if we put a unified portal, then we will be able to at least offer our services 
at a platform, a single platform to our passenger. And whatever packages we are working at the 
moment, we have got a very good feedback from the customers. And most of these customers 
are our like family and friends kind of things keep more from the word of mouth. So when we 
will be able to provide a platform, we are very sure to encash the cross-selling. 
Harsh Yadav: 
Just 1 final question from my end regarding Vande Bharat. So as you see when they Vande 
Bharat take larger share of the catering mix, how does the unit economics actually differ if you 
compare it to standard or express mail, like at the prepaid nature of it, is it working better for 
you and how does it compare to what you have otherwise with the express range and standard 
mail that you are? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
You see there are 2 kinds of trains. One is prepaid, another is postpaid. Vande Bharat trains are 
prepaid trains where we know the assumed number prior to departure of the train. So we get the 
assessment of volume and we accordingly get a higher revenue share. Whereas in postpaid trains, 
we are not sure of the volume. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
 
And in the process, like passengers, they may or may not ask for the meals. So that does not give 
us that much confidence. So increase in Vande Bharat trains, as I told that 260 Vande Bharat 
train sets are getting introduced. So that business is more good for our company, rather better 
for our company. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Rahul Jain: 
Congratulations to the management for very strong results I have a few questions. Firstly, on the 
catering business, you said there was launch of more Vande Bharat. So this 40-odd number 
which you mentioned of the INR70-odd crores number, is the increase we saw on a Y-o-Y basis 
is what I understand and not on a Q-o-Q basis. Is that understanding right? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
All 40 trains are not Vande Bharat. There are certain Mail Express trains are also there. Only 19 
trains are Vande Bharat out of this. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. And the 260-odd train? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
This is year-on-year basis. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. And on the 260 train, of course, this would come over a period of years. So it won't happen 
in the current fiscal alone. Is that also a fair estimate? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Yes, yes. That I told when they were asking about 2027, 28 estimates, that I told. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. Then moving to the rail neer segment, can we have any assessment in terms of what 
percentage of total demand for the segment is currently served to  railway? And what more 
untapped opportunity exists for that as more and more plans will come. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Around 50% and 60%, depending upon season is being served. 
Rahul Jain: 
So basically, even if we increase our capacity by close to 100%, we will still be able to 
accommodate on the demand side of it. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Yes. That's why our management is like going to add capacity, add new plants. We are thinking 
further thinking because not yet done anything, but thinking we are thinking to tie up with certain 
other brands also. Discussion is going on, but not fructified anything at the moment that we will 
let you know once the things happen. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. And in the tourism segment, we saw significant growth. Can you give some breakup in 
terms of the revenue mix? How much it came from luxury train or Maharaja kind of train? How 
much it came from Tejas, Bharat Gaurav? Any breakup on the tourism segment, State Tirth and 
all would be great to understand? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Maharaja revenue grew by 39%. And in absolute term, it is INR53.14 crores. Our State Tirth 
and Bharat Gaurav train revenue grew by 51%, and it's INR118.91 crores. Our air ticketing 
business also grew by 41%. And -- but the figure is INR6.7 crores -- our budget hotel and Rail 
Yatri Niwas business grew by 38% in absolute terms, INR5.3 crores. And other packages 
announced by 19%, which is INR55.26 crores. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Sir, anything on Tejas, what was the revenue for Tejas? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Tejas revenue is INR50 crores. 
Rahul Jain: 
And from -- I can understand that catering momentum should broadly continue given that this 
has come from more train launches. But from a tourism point of view, how the pipeline looks 
like? Do we expect the Q4 to see some moderation because the seasonality would be lower? Or 
do you think there is enough routes that are identified for Bharat Gaurav or State Tirth, even in 
Q4 to continue the momentum? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
You see, overall, this year, we'll be able to achieve 15%. And I don't see any dip in the -- because 
you see Maharaja Express is also running in this Q4. And that is giving us the highest ever 
revenue. And our state at and Bharat Gaurav trains are also -- in fact, we have added 1 train, 
Bharat Gaurav train. So that will add to our revenue. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. And on the -- lastly, on the ticketing business, we said that payment business would be 
taking some time before we commercialize that part. In the interim, do we see any driver for this 
segment to grow the train network expansion that we already covered? Is any other segment or 
any other driver? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
No. Payment Gateway will be announcing in arithmetical mode only, not in a geometric 
progression more until we get a license. And regarding -- we are more focusing on non-
convenience fee revenue, which has grew by 26% this quarter. So we'll focus more on non-
conveniency fee. 
Rahul Jain: 
And any specific part of that revenue stream that has seen this growth in this particular quarter? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
You see, all segments have grew like in our marketing and ad revenue, it is INR24.78 crores as 
against INR13.29 crores we achieved in December '24. And then business also grew by 
INR62.47 crores we have achieved in this business as against INR52.53 crores. Similarly, our 
loyalty program has given INR21.88 crores as against INR15.35 crores. So all our segment has 
shown a good increase. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Athif, an individual investor. 
Athif: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So my first question is on the ticketing business. So 
you said that 89% of tickets are already booked online. So what are the key growth drivers you 
are seeing in this business going forward? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
As I told earlier, we are focusing more on non-convenience fees. And in fact, this quarter, it has 
increased by 26%. So that's the main thing we are looking at looking -- looking forward. 
Athif: 
Okay. And could you just share the current occupancy Tejas Express train? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Just a moment. It is -- Lucknow percentage is 69% and Ahmedabad is 109%. 
Athif: 
And are we planning to add any new route? 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
What's your question, please? 
Athif: 
Are we planning to add any new route for the Tejas Express like any new service? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
No, no, not yet. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing remarks. 
Rahul Himalian: 
A very good evening to everyone. I'm Rahul Himalian, Director, Tourism and Marketing. First 
of all, I would like to congratulate us for doing quite well. In Q3, we had a revenue from 
operations growing at 18.29% and PAT at 15.54%. But what is more important that Q3 also saw 
a growth, and we are all now motivated inspired to do well for the financial year 2025, '26, which 
show you all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
