 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
1st and 2nd Floor, Cnergy IT Park, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. 
Regd. Office : ICICI PruLife Towers, 1089, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. India. Visit us at www.iciciprulife.com 
Phone: +91 22 4039 1600, Fax: +91 22 2437 6638, Email: corporate@iciciprulife.com 
CIN : L66010MH2000PLC127837 
 
 
 
April 20, 2026 
 
General Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
 
Mumbai 400 001 
Vice President 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject:  Earnings Call Transcript for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026 
 
In continuation to our letter(s) dated April 1, 2026 and April 14, 2026, the Company had 
hosted an earnings conference call with investors and analysts on Tuesday, April 14, 
2026, at 3:00 p.m. IST, to discuss the performance of the Company for FY2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please be informed that the transcript of the ‘earnings conference 
call’ for FY2026 has been hosted on the website of the Company at  www.iciciprulife.com  
 
A copy of the transcript is enclosed herewith for immediate reference.  
 
Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared during the 
meeting. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
 
Priya Nair 
Company Secretary  
ACS 17769 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
NAIR 
PRIYA 
SRIKUMAR
Digitally signed 
by NAIR PRIYA 
SRIKUMAR 
Date: 2026.04.20 
17:39:53 +05'30'

 
1 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
Earnings conference call 
Year ended March 31, 2026 (FY2026) 
April 14, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
2 
 
Anup Bagchi 
Good afternoon, and welcome to the results call of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance 
Company for the year ended March 31, 2026. I have several of my senior colleagues with 
me on this call, Amit Palta, Chief Products and Distribution Officer; Dhiren Salian, CFO; 
Judhajit Das, Chief Service Delivery; Manish Kumar, Chief Investment Officer; Souvik Jash, 
Appointed Actuary and Dhiraj Chugha, Chief Investor Relations Officer. 
We are also joined today by Amish Banker. Amish started his career in branch operations 
and has a deep understanding of the customer life cycle and organisation processes and 
systems. He is currently the Chief Operations Officer and will be taking over as Chief 
Distribution Officer from Amit Palta. Amit, as you would have noted in the exchange 
update, is moving on from the Company, having spent more than two decades in the 
ICICI Group. We wish him all the very best for his future endeavour. 
Let me start with some key updates.  
On the regulatory front, we welcome IRDAI’s transition to IND-AS, which will align our 
financial reporting with global standards. This shift enhances transparency and market 
comparability, ensuring that our financial statements reflect an improved picture of value 
accretion.  
On the economic front, in FY2026, the Indian economy displayed resilience while 
navigating external turbulence due to trade tariffs and geopolitical conflicts. The stability 
was anchored by direct tax relief, GST reforms and RBI’s supportive monetary policy 
stance aimed at stimulating domestic consumption.  
As a Company, we also exhibited agility and resilience, achieving a VNB of ₹ 26.29 billion 
with VNB growth of 10.9% year-on-year in FY2026 and working to deliver long-term 
value to our shareholders. Our VNB margin stood at 24.7% as compared to 22.8% in 
FY2025. PAT grew strongly by 34.6% year-on-year to ₹16 billion.  
Life Insurance products, particularly the retail protection segment, received a significant 
boost partly aided by the GST reform effective September, 2025. The retail sum assured 
growth for the industry was higher by 2.5 times in the post reform period as compared 
to the pre-reform period. In the current year, our retail new business sum assured 
reached ₹ 4.5 trillion led by 50.9% year-on-year growth in retail protection in H2-FY2026, 
demonstrating our dominant position in this segment. 
In the savings category, despite the external volatility of FY2026, our APE remained 
steady and similar to the previous year. New business premium registered a year-on-
year growth of approximately 10% to ₹ 248.10 billion in FY2026. Our business growth 
has also been delivered on the foundation of risk and prudence, and it is exhibited in our 
resilient balance sheet.  

 
3 
 
In FY2026, we maintained an industry-leading claim settlement ratio of 99.3% with an 
average turnaround time of 1.1 days. Our early claims ratio stood at 22%, best in class 
in the industry, highlighting our focus on quality business sourced over the years. Our 
13th month persistency stood at 84.5%. Our solvency ratio stood at 227.3%, well 
capitalised and much ahead of the regulatory requirement of 150%. 
We continue to maintain our track record of not having a single non-performing asset in 
our investment portfolio since the inception of our Company. We remain committed to 
delivering superior value to our customers by leveraging economies of scale and aligning 
our cost structure closely with our evolving product mix. Notably, technology and digital 
solutions have enabled us to increase efficiency, resulting in a reduction of 40 basis 
points to 12.1% in our savings cost to premium ratio during FY2026.  
Our AUM stood at ₹ 3.14 trillion and our total in-force sum assured grew by 16.9% year-
on-year to ₹ 46.11 trillion on March 31, 2026. In the same year, our Embedded Value 
grew by 10.5% year-on-year to reach ₹ 529.89 billion. 
To summarise this year, as we celebrate 25 years of service to our customers, we would 
like to reaffirm our commitment to deliver sustainable VNB growth by balancing business 
growth, profitability and risk and prudence. Towards this, we believe all the necessary 
levers continue to be available with us.  
Thank you, and I'll now hand it over to Amit to take you through the business update. 
Amit Palta 
Thank you, Anup. Good afternoon, everyone. As Anup mentioned, the past year was 
defined by changing macroeconomic landscape, shaped by both global and domestic 
shifts. And additionally, we also had a relatively high base of last year, particularly in H1.  
Quarter three onwards, the growth momentum returned with retail APE growth of 10% 
year-on-year. This positive trajectory sustained throughout quarter four until renewed 
geo-political disruptions emerged in March 2026. Despite these disruptions, we managed 
to deliver growth in quarter four with APE registering 9.4% year-on-year growth. On a 
full year basis, APE grew by 2.2% year-on-year to ₹ 106.41 billion.  
Coming to product-wise performance, our core focus area, retail protection grew by 
60.5% year-on-year in Q4-FY2026, resulting in a full year growth of 32.3%. With an 
estimated 13% of the addressable population currently being covered through retail 
protection, we believe this segment offers a multi-decadal growth opportunity.  
Group Protection, which includes credit life and group term business grew by 7.1% year-
on-year in FY2026. Within that, group term business grew by 14.6% year-on-year, and 

 
4 
 
credit life business grew by 1.8% year-on-year. MFI segment, which witnessed 
challenges at the start of the year, has seen recovery from quarter three onwards.  
Linked business APE grew by 1.6% year-on-year in FY2026, impacted by volatile equity 
markets. Two-year CAGR for linked business APE stood at 14.2%. We continue to focus 
on increasing the contribution from high sum assured ULIP in this segment. Such 
products are less impacted by market volatility, thereby providing stability to linked 
category to a large extent.  
The non-linked savings APE grew at 15.4% year-on-year for the first nine months. Last 
year, in quarter four, we launched a new product in this segment which had a very good 
response. This year, quarter four, as business from that product normalised, non-linked 
business has declined year-on-year in quarter four. On a full year basis, the business and 
contribution from non-linked savings business is at a similar level to last year.  
Annuity business four-year CAGR stood at approximately 20%. This business has 
stabilised at around 7% of our retail mix. The Group Funds business grew by 26% year-
on-year. 
Now let me talk about channel-wise performance. Agency channel APE stood at ₹ 26.86 
billion and Direct channel APE stood at ₹ 14.30 billion in FY2026. Together, these 
channels contributed 47.4% to Retail APE. These channels have declined this year, 
primarily due to the high base of linked and annuity businesses in the previous year.  
In the agency channel, growth trajectory has shown consistent sequential improvement 
throughout this year. As a strategic priority, we have been investing in the channel from 
a long-term perspective. Our road map centers on micro market-led branch strategy and 
using technology and analytics as a productivity lever. By equipping agents with tools 
and analytics to automate administrative tasks, they can pivot their focus towards high-
value revenue-generating activities.  
In the Direct channel, focus will be to deepen NRI segment through GIFT city and scale 
up online channel through differentiated offerings.  
Bancassurance channel grew by 3.6% year-on-year and contributed 29.8% to total APE. 
Partnership Distribution channel grew by 23.4% year-on-year and contributed 13.2% to 
APE mix in FY2026. In Banca and Partnership Distribution channel, our focus continues 
to be on adding new partnerships and improving the share of shop in each partnership. 
Group business grew by 14.5% year-on-year and contributed 18.3% to the overall APE 
mix in FY2026.  
Today, we have the strength of 2.42 lakhs+ advisers, 53 bank partnerships with access 
to more than 26,400 bank branches and 1,500+ non-bank partnerships. 

 
5 
 
To summarise, our primary focus will be to drive business growth through our micro 
market strategy in proprietary channels. By deepening our distribution, we shall gain 
access to a wider range of customer profiles, which enhances our ability to seamlessly 
shift between product segments as per macro environment. We believe this will help us 
keep our product and channel mix balanced and deliver sustainable growth irrespective 
of the market environment over the long term. 
I will now hand it over to Dhiren to talk you through the financial update. 
Dhiren Salian 
Thank you, Amit. Good afternoon, everyone.  
Let me start with some efficiency-related aspects. As you are aware, we have 
undertaken various cost optimisation initiatives in the past two years to make our cost 
structure aligned to our prevailing product mix. One of them being the use of AI/ML, which 
is being embedded across the entire customer journey that is driving targeted demand 
generation, automated underwriting, improved renewal retention, enhanced customer 
service and effective claims investigation. Upsell programs and digital lead conversion, 
both supported by Machine Learning models, continue to contribute to growth, while 
advanced fraud detection and early claims identification help mitigate risk and improve 
profitability. We have also deployed AI-led face matching between KYC documents and 
customer images to reduce fraud risk. Gen AI-based categorisation of incoming customer 
e-mails has significantly improved turnaround times and AI-driven medical 
summarisation is enabling faster and more efficient underwriting decisions. Further, 
details on usage of AI/ML across our processes is shown on slide number 36 of the 
presentation. 
As can be seen on Slide 12, the various productivity enhancements have helped in 
reducing cost to premium ratios for our savings line of business by 40 basis points to 
12.1% in FY2026. This cost reduction is after accounting for unavailability of input tax 
credit, which was effective September 22, 2025. Our total cost to premium ratio for 
FY2026 stood at 18.2% and remained stable at previous year's level.  
The company's Profit after tax grew by 34.6% year-on-year to ₹16 billion in FY2026, 
primarily driven by higher investment income from shareholder funds. This includes a 
gain of ₹ 1.14 billion realised from sale of 100% equity shareholding in ICICI Pension 
Fund Management Company, which was erstwhile called ICICI Prudential Pension Fund 
Management Company Limited. Excluding the sale transaction, PAT grew by 25% year-
on-year in FY2026. 
Our solvency ratio continues to be strong at 227.3%. The improvement in solvency is 
primarily due to increase in profit after tax and realisation from sale of subsidiary. Our 
assets under management stood at ₹ 3.14 trillion as of March 31, 2026.  

 
6 
 
Value of new business i.e., VNB grew by 10.9% year-on-year to ₹ 26.29 billion. As you 
are aware, our focus is on growing the absolute VNB, which we have been able to 
achieve through improvement in product mix and operational efficiencies even after 
accounting for the unavailability of input tax credit. 
VNB margin expanded by 190 basis points year-on-year to 24.7% in the current year. 
Margin expansion has been led by improvements in new business profile and economic 
assumption changes. Protection mix for the year has increased by 2.2% year-on-year to 
17.9%. Additionally, we have also been working towards improving the profitability of 
each line of business through longer tenor policies, higher sum assured multiples and 
increasing rider attachment. The policy term on the savings line of business has increased 
from 26 years in FY2025 to 29 years in FY2026. Retail sum assured has grown by 35% 
year-on-year in the current year.  
The expansion was offset by operating assumption changes, which is primarily due to 
unavailability of input tax credit on individual businesses and some updates to 
persistency.  
As shown on slide 16, our Embedded Value grew by 10.5% year-on-year to ₹ 529.89 
billion at March 31, 2026. Our Embedded Value Operating Profit stood at ₹ 57.02 billion 
in FY2026. 
The breakup of the EVOP is as follows:  
• 
Unwind contribution for FY2026 is 7.4% of the opening EV. 
• 
VNB of ₹ 26.29 billion is 5.5% of the opening EV. Unwind and VNB together 
constitute 12.9% of the opening EV.  
• 
Operating assumption change is negative 0.5% of the opening EV and primarily 
on account of unavailability of input tax credit and some updates to persistency, 
as I mentioned earlier.  
• 
Both mortality and expense variance are positive for the year and broadly in line 
with our expectations.  
• 
Persistency variance is a negative ₹ 2.64 billion, which is largely on account of the 
100% premium back annuity product where the persistency experience fell short 
of long-term assumptions. As you're aware, it was an industry-first product and 
coincided with regulatory discussions aimed at increasing surrender values for 
traditional savings products. During the year, given the market volatility and tight 
liquidity scenario where market returns were negative, we believe that customers 
used the amount for withdrawals in times of need. While we ensured that the 
economic benefit was safeguarded from our Company's perspective, the future 
earning, which is part of EV was impacted due to the higher withdrawals.  
Consequently, the RoEV for FY2026 stands at 11.9%.  

 
7 
 
The total economic and investment variance is negative ₹ 7.78 billion due to a shift in the 
yield curve and equity market movements. Our VNB and EV have been reviewed 
independently by Milliman Advisors LLP, and their opinion is available in the results pack 
submitted to the exchanges. Further sensitivity details are available on Slide 17. 
This concludes the financial performance. I will now hand it over to Judhajit to talk you 
through the ESG updates. 
Judhajit Das 
Thank you, Dhiren. I will be sharing the salient aspects of our ESG journey. We continue 
to retain the highest ranking in the Indian life insurance industry as per leading global 
and Indian ESG rating agencies. We are also delighted to share that during Q4-FY2026, 
we received the Platinum Award for our ESG report for FY2025 at the Vision Awards 
organised by the League of American Communications Professionals. We were also 
recognised among India's top 60 most sustainable companies by Business World. 
I will now share the key highlights under each of the ESG focus areas.  
Environment: We continue to look at ways and means of reducing our carbon footprint 
by adopting green energy across various branches across India. Apart from the LEED 
platinum certificate, which is a green building rating for the Company’s headquarter, we 
have also got the IGBC Platinum Green Building certification for four other branches.  
On responsible investing, we are signatory to the UN Principles for Responsible 
Investment. We have completed our third annual reporting on responsible investing 
activities, and we shall continue to remain committed to promote ESG factors in our 
investment decisions.  
On the diversity front, our gender diversity is now at 30%, and we shall continue to strive 
to improve it from here. As far as communities are concerned, our goal has been to 
increase financial inclusion through specially designed micro-insurance products, 
targeting socially and economically weaker sections, and we have covered 53.8 million 
lives as on March 31, 2026. This year, we settled more than 3 lakh retail and group claims 
with an overall claim settlement ratio of 99.8%. 
On the CSR front, through ICICI Foundation, we have established skilling labs at four 
locations to facilitate advanced industrial line skill training, while in the area of health 
care, the support of the Indian Cancer Society to conduct surgeries for almost more than 
90 patients.  
Governance: Our Board has a majority of Independent Directors, enabling the separation 
of the Board's supervisory role from executive management. I would like to reaffirm our 

 
8 
 
commitment again to create a culture that embraces sustainability and goes beyond 
goals and targets. Thank you very much.  
We are now happy to take any questions that you may have. 
 
Moderator: We'll take a first question from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Good afternoon and congrats on a good set of numbers. So, I 
have three questions. First of all, just wanted to understand in terms of growth, how 
should we think about in the upcoming year, given that this particular year, how the 
growth has trended, I mean, gives us a very favorable base to grow. So, if you could 
outline your strategy of how you are thinking about FY2027? 
 
And given that, last year, there was this launch of par product, and you highlighted that 
which would have led to a slower growth in the non-linked channel. But what are your 
thoughts on the non-par category? How do you see it? And parallelly also, if you could 
provide us the mix for par, non-par for the quarter. That's one. 
 
And then, sir, on the VNB margin side, if you could highlight, have all the persistency-led 
changes that you are seeing, you're experiencing, has that been taken into the 
assumptions, or can something incremental come? Or if you are observing anything due 
to the surrender value regulation that you might want to highlight? And in that case then, 
how should we think about the VNB margin numbers? Should we take the current year’s 
numbers more of a baseline if this kind of product mix sustains? So these are broadly my 
queries, if you could answer. Thanks. 
 
Dhiren Salian: Hi, Swarnabha, this is Dhiren here. So let me pick up some of your 
questions. In terms of growth for the next financial year, I think this is quite a volatile time 
at this stage. And I'm sure you would have seen the way the markets have behaved over 
the last month of the financial year. I think this is still going to be a bit of a wait and 
watch. 
 
You're right, specifically for us, we do have a base that is good for us. But again, it is 
dependent upon how things shape up in the environment. So, it's a little early for us to 
commit as to what the number should look like for the rest of the year. 
 
But rest assured, in the way that we're approaching the problem is that we would 
continue to go granular, continue to understand who are these customer segments that 
we should be looking at, what are the product mix that we would need, work with our 
distribution channels to be able to deliver the right proposition for customers as well as 

 
9 
 
shareholders. That is the objective and that process continues. There's no wavering on 
that front. 
 
Coming to your second question, in terms of what is the split between par and non-par. 
For the year, it's roughly 2:1 ratio. It's been broadly in that range, some quarters a little 
higher, some quarters a little lower, but broadly in the 2:1 range for the year. 
 
Coming to your third question, which is on the persistency experience, see our process 
around looking at assumptions and experiences is to look at what is temporary and what 
is permanent. So, we do this every year towards the end of the year in terms of how these 
assumptions are shaping up. So, whatever is known at this point, we will incorporate as 
part of our assumption setting. 
 
If there are experiences that we see are temporary in nature or they pertain to quarantine 
portfolios, we will allow it to go through the variance. So, at this point, we have factored 
what we know in terms of persistency, in terms of mortality and in terms of expenses as 
part of our margins. So, this essentially becomes the baseline for us going forward. 
 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Right. Very helpful. Dhiren, just a couple of follow-ups on two 
aspects. One is on the growth, as you mentioned, I understand that this is a volatile year. 
But like if I were to look at from the channel side also, I mean this year's growth has been 
primarily heavy lifted by our partnerships. So, I mean, how shall we think about, say, the 
other channels, for example, the agency this year has been tepid. So how do you plan to 
activate or go about driving that channel? 
 
I understand that bancassurance given the base of ICICI bank, there might be a 
steadiness in that number, but particularly on the agency, I wanted to query. And also 
like on the persistency part, even surrender value related regulations, are you seeing any 
delta apart from the annuity product? That's what I wanted to understand. Thanks. 
 
Dhiren Salian: Yes. So, on the early experience of surrender value products, we're not 
seeing anything too different, but it's a little too early to call because you only got about 
5 to 6 months of experience, and we'd allow the whole year to pan out for that. 
 
In terms of growth, you're right, agency has not had a great year in the sense, the growth 
has not been great. So to that extent, it does form a fairly good base for us into the 
coming years. But like I mentioned, we'll continue to work at it granularly, understand 
what are these micro segments that we need to go after and work with that. 
 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: All right. Thank you. Thanks, Dhiren. All the best for FY2027. 
 

 
10 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Supratim Datta from 
Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
 
Supratim Datta: Thanks a lot for the opportunity. I have three questions, starting with 
the growth aspect. Could you help us understand how customer behavior has changed 
with respect to products post the start of this Middle East war? Are you seeing any 
increase in demand for non-par policies in this current environment? 
 
And how are you seeing the demand of ULIPs in late March and early April, if you could 
give us some color around the trends that would be helpful. Because what I see is in 
March, despite the lower base the agency channel has declined, and this channel should 
ideally have lower ULIP exposure. So, trying to understand what's happening there. 
 
On the margin bit, what I wanted to understand is, despite the rise in group funds in 
fourth quarter, you have witnessed a sequential rise in margins. Is this a function of 
higher yields in some of the non-par products and potentially protection as well? Or are 
there some other drivers here that we should look at? 
 
And lastly, coming to the IND-AS transition, now with IND-AS rolling out from first of 
April, I wanted to understand, would you be sharing the IND-AS accounts from next 
quarter? And how would this be compared with the CSM in force, if you could give us 
some color and how does this change your capital position as well? If you could give us 
some color on that, that also will be very helpful. Thank you. 
 
Dhiren Salian: Hi, Supratim, let me cover IND-AS first. So yes, technically, we should be 
live with IND-AS, but as approved by the Board, we will be seeking forbearance for a 
year. One of the more fundamental points is that some of the decisions around how the 
inputs could be provided for computing CSM. I think we still await some clarity from the 
joint expert group. 
 
The other thing also is that this is too short a time for us to transition into IND-AS given 
the fact that we typically go live with our results by the first 15 days of the quarter. So, 
we would need some time to be able to get our systems up to be able to manage the 
transition there. 
 
In terms of the capital position, I believe the regulator still wants us to use the erstwhile 
solvency formulas. So, until we wait to see how the RBC gets implemented, we will 
continue with our current solvency basis on which we are quite strong at 227%. 
 
Coming to your second question that you have asked, which is on margin. The margin 
support has largely come in by the growth in protection that you can see for the current 
quarter, which has been quite strong. In addition to, of course, all the improvements to 

 
11 
 
profitability that we've been doing across all other savings lines of business, as I 
mentioned earlier. 
 
Your first question was on what are the upcoming trends. A little too early to call, 
Supratim, and let it settle. I do believe that the war in West Asia has, to some extent, 
impacted new business sales in the month of March. Difficult to guess how much it would 
be, but clearly, there has been some impact. 
 
Supratim Datta: Thanks a lot Dhiren for this colour. So just wanted to understand has 
the impact been more on ULIP or has it been across the board a slowdown in demand in 
late March? 
 
Dhiren Salian: It's been across the board, except for protection. 
 
Supratim Datta: Okay. Got it. Understood. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from Nomura. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Shreya Shivani: Yes. Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity and 
congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have two questions both on the EV walk. 
First, is the operating assumption changes that we've taken, is it only the persistency 
operating assumption? Or there are certain changes you've done with assumptions in 
mortality or expense, etc.? 
 
And second is, I mean, it's the RoEVs, it's at 11.9%. Now I mean even if I had assumed a 
zero value for operating assumption changes and zero for persistency variance instead 
of a negative number, I would still be at 12.9% or so. So, what is genuinely our steady-
state RoEVs that we should assume? Because we are already under the cost of equity in 
FY2026. And how should I think about it for that matter? Yes. 
 
Dhiren Salian: Hi, Shreya. So, coming to your question on operating assumption changes 
in EV, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, it's primarily on account of unavailability of 
input tax credit and then some updates to persistency. Now this entire, if you recall, this 
conversation started in September as to the impact of the unavailability of input tax 
credit due to GST reforms and that has been the bigger component in this operating 
assumption change. 
 
Now coming to RoEVs, yes, this, without the assumption changes and variance, we are 
in the 13% range. Now technically, on a longer-term basis, we should still be at the 13% 
to 14% range, depending, of course, on how the yield curve shapes up, depending, of 

 
12 
 
course, on how we are able to grow VNB. And that becomes the two primary drivers of 
how you determine RoEV. 
 
But as IND-AS is live this year and if we get the forbearance, then we will go live on that 
next year. Looking at returns on earnings will become much easier when you look at the 
IND-AS numbers. The RoEV will have less significance going forward. 
 
Shreya Shivani: Got it, got it. So, with IND-AS, it does not impact the RoEV whatsoever, 
but probably we'll not be looking at the RoEV’s going ahead is what your point of view 
is, right? 
 
Dhiren Salian: My sense is most commentators and analysts would end up looking at 
ROEs because then that would be at least comparable to how the rest of the market is, 
outside of insurance. Comparison becomes much easier then. For want of any other 
metric, we are in this RoEV world at this point. 
 
Shreya Shivani: Right. And there is no impact whatsoever of IFRS on the EV walk, right? 
Nothing from the, even if, say, a risk-based solvency comes through, nothing gets 
changed in this metric, right? 
 
Dhiren Salian: No. Risk-based solvency only determines your capital position. 
 
Shreya Shivani: Correct. Okay. Nothing happens here. Yes, all right. Okay. Those were 
my questions. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from 
Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
 
Prayesh Jain: Yes. Hi. A couple of questions. First, if I look at the protection business, 
premium growth exceeds the sum assured growth. How should we read that whether 
it's more return of premium products that has come in or how should we kind of read 
that? That's one. 
 
And second is more of a structural question on the embedded value front, where in 
FY2024, we had a mortality variance then in FY2025 we had assumption change, and 
now we have a persistency impact both on variance as well as assumption change. You 
know, this has been constantly negative for us over the past three fiscals, how should 
we kind of think about this going ahead? 
 
And whether you have stress tested the EV now to an extent that assumptions are more 
moderate or more conservative, and we could start looking at more positive variance or 
assumption changes going right. Just some color on that, that would be helpful. Thanks. 

 
13 
 
 
Dhiren Salian: So, Prayesh, you’re right, when you look at the protection sum assured 
growth, that's been at about 48% year-on-year, the growth on retail protection has been 
higher at about 60% year-on-year. The retail new business sum assured actually 
consists of both protection and savings. So, you will have to offset the two together. 
 
So, the retail sum assured is not purely protection. Because see, by the fundamental 
construct of products in India, savings products in India, you end up providing 10x cover 
for most of our products. So that itself forms a sum assured that comes on board, right? 
 
Coming to your question on embedded value and how we look at how our assumptions 
are being set. See frankly, we run a very diversified portfolio. And our approach to setting 
assumptions is to understand whether these potential differences between an 
assumption that we have set and the resulting experience that we see at this point, is 
that temporary or permanent. 
 
Now the way you always look at the businesses that come in, is that you group them into 
cohorts. And as you look at each cohort, you are trying to identify whether cohorts look 
alike or do you need to separate these cohorts. And again, given the underlying variability 
and the underlying diversity of our business, you have to start looking at each of these 
cohorts as they gain meaningful size. As they have separation, you start to see 
assumption changes. 
 
If I had a homogeneous portfolio, then ideally you should not see any assumption 
changes at all or even variances. But given the diversity of the underlying business that 
we bring, you have to look at cohorts, and you have to then start segregating these 
cohorts as they start to gain size and significance. So, in any case, as you look at the 
overall experience and assumption changes, these are marginal. There have been points 
in time when we had positive assumption changes as well. But overall, you see that in 
the business it has been ensured that the underlying assumptions that go in are reflective 
of what we see today. 
 
Prayesh Jain: Got it. And the economic assumption changes, could you split that between 
equity and debt? 
 
Dhiren Salian: It's largely debt. Almost all of it. 
 
Prayesh Jain: Got it. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Madhukar Ladha 
from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
 

 
14 
 
Madhukar Ladha: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. First, see, in 
the beginning of last year, we were sort of targeting above or at least at par with private 
life insurance retail APE growth. I mean, we've significantly sort of underperformed that 
level. Now going into sort of FY2027 and onwards, what do you think should be your 
target and how do you think you will achieve that target? 
 
Like if you can sort of quantify any sort of meaningful changes that you are doing that 
will lead us to believe that we will be able to sort of achieve higher retail APE sort of 
growth, right? So that's my first question. 
 
And second, also if I look at persistency, we are seeing a decline for the 61st month, 13th 
month and also I think 25th month. So, what's happening over there? Third, with 
significant, I mean interest rates have gone up, bond yields have sort of gone up. That 
should help our margins. What will enable us to sell more non-par or as a company, what 
as a management, how can you sell more non-par would be my question. Yes, these 
would be my three questions. And also, if you can split your economic variance between 
debt and equity? Thanks. 
 
Dhiren Salian: Hi, Madhukar. I just answered the question for Prayesh. The economic 
variance is largely debt. In your first question that you mentioned about growth. Actually, 
when you look at the 2-year CAGR, we're still in the range of 7%, 8%. Yes, it is not in line 
with the market, but then we have continued to work at a granular level to see what are 
those customer segments that are available to us through our distribution and where can 
we generate growth from.  
 
So, we are not divorced from the market. We very clearly are looking at working, at least, 
at the market and then look to work beyond that. Largely, when you look at the market 
the 2-year growth seems to be in the range of 10% to 11%. We are in the range of about 
7% to 8%. So, some work left, but we're not too far off.  
 
Madhukar Ladha: Just to sort of interrupt on that. But if you look at 2-year CAGR, then 
that may be the case. But if you come to more recent time, then last year's number, 
FY2026 would suggest that we are losing some more ground, right? So, in that sense, 
there'd be more to catch up moving into FY2027 & FY2028? 
 
Dhiren Salian: Yes. So Madhukar, we have discussed this earlier also. I think the focus 
for our Company is to be able to grow VNB in a sustainable fashion. The large component 
of VNB does absolutely come from APE. So, as you rightly pointed out, yes, 2 years 
slightly lower than market, but when I look at this year's numbers in terms of APE at 2% 
growth, VNB is at 11% growth. And you can see this consistency in the margin that has 
held up all through the year. So, I think we're working at it granularly, to see how we can 
deliver growth in a sustainable format. 

 
15 
 
 
Your second question was on persistency. 61st month we discussed this earlier, this has 
been due to a regulatory definition change. 25th month is a new phenomenon. Yes, I think 
some of the spillover from the 13th month is coming through to the 25th month at this 
point. You had another question in terms of how we can sustainably grow non-par.  
 
I think one of the challenges that we run as an industry is that our product does get 
compared to what bank FD rates are in the current environment and bank FD rates 
continue to be fairly steep. The product that we price, the product that we offer, does not 
look attractive because very clearly, the way that we set up our products is to price off 
the G-Sec. And so the return over the longer term has to be built off the G-Sec. There 
may be other considerations that banks may be using to set up their deposit rate. But 
whenever there is a dichotomy between the deposit rates and the non-par IRRs, then 
you will see customers swing from one to another. I hope I have answered your question. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: Yes. That’s helpful. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Banyan Tree 
Advisors PMS. Please go ahead.  
 
Umang Shah: Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, one question was till FY2024 we 
were giving VNB breakup among the various segments. If you can give that number for 
FY2026 and FY2025, that would be great? 
 
Dhiren Salian: We aligned with the market on this front Umang. 
 
Umang Shah: Okay. Sure, sir. That was very good. I mean, that was quite helpful. But 
sure I understand. Sir, second question was the persistency decline in 13th month cohort, 
does it have a large part of annuity product or it's across segments? 
 
Dhiren Salian: A large part driven by the annuity product. There are, of course, some 
product channel cohorts that have not performed at par. 
 
Umang Shah: Okay. And sir, when we have persistency, which is worse than what you 
were expecting, does it benefit the VNB or does it not benefit the VNB? 
 
Dhiren Salian: Umang, it doesn't benefit. So, the way we look at our assumption setting 
is that we evaluate it the end of the year, we take a view as to which of these are 
permanent impairments in that sense. For those, we take an assumption change. Those 
that we believe are temporary, we allow that to run through the variance. 
 

 
16 
 
Umang Shah: Okay. Sure, sir. No, I think that’s all. I think I am covered. I will get back in 
the queue. Thank you. 
 
Dhiren Salian: Thanks, Umang. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Vinod Rajamani from 
Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead. 
 
Vinod Rajamani: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. Most of my questions were 
answered. I just had one question. What happened to the negotiations that were going 
on with the distributors on commission and so on? Should we expect that they are mostly 
done? And if so then could we see all channels, but especially agency doing better in 
FY2027? That was the only question I had? Thank you. 
 
Dhiren Salian: So Vinod, the negotiations and conversations with distributors, be it 
agency or otherwise, is always on. We look to offer remuneration that is appropriate and 
in line with the product and the pricing that we have built that is accretive to both. So at 
all points in time, this is a continuous conversation. There is never a start or a stop to this.  
 
It will continue and will keep going forward as well. So it is a continuous exercise as we 
bring out new products and new propositions. We will continue to work with that 
distribution to see how we could deliver these products to the relevant customer bases 
in an efficient format. 
 
Vinod Rajamani: Okay. So no conclusion so far. I mean this was, it's ongoing for some 
time. So there's been no, what do you say, there will be no agreement of something 
reached or how should we look at it? 
 
Dhiren Salian: Agreements have been reached with all our distribution. We are where 
we are and you are seeing the 24.7% VNB margin. 
 
Vinod Rajamani: Understood. Thanks so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take next question from the line of Sanketh Godha from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
 
Sanketh Godha: Thank you. I have a few questions just to start with. The uptick in the 
margin in the fourth quarter is around 25.2%, can we attribute it predominantly to the 
favorable yield curve at least in the month of March? And related to that, in the VNB 
walk, what we see as 250 basis point addition to the VNB margin due to economic 
variance, is it largely because of the yield curve benefit which played in the current year 
to bump up the margins? 

 
17 
 
 
Dhiren Salian: Sanketh, when you look at the yield curve and especially in the 
perspective of non-par products and which also includes protection, one has to look at 
what the pricing is and what the yield curve is and what is the expected margin that one 
wants out of it. So as yield curve moves, depending upon your underlying costs and, of 
course, this year there has been an impact of GST, pricing swings. So, if we have got a 
benefit of the yield curve, we didn't change the pricing. 
 
Sanketh Godha: Dhiren, what you're trying to say that you did not change the IRR of the 
end consumer despite the benefit and probably because of that thing the GST impact to 
some extent got negated? 
 
Dhiren Salian: Yes. So, if you look at the VNB walk, right, what we have called out is the 
movement across from 22.8% to 24.7%. Now here the product repricing, whatever that 
we have done is all sitting as part of the new business profile. And all the yield curve 
changes are now part of the economic assumption change. So, if I'm making any pricing 
changes, they sit as part of new products that have come on board. 
 
Sanketh Godha: Understood. No, my point was that you got double benefit, right? Your 
product mix has also changed. And on top of it, you've got positive economic variance 
number. But naturally GST impact of minus 3.9% will be there in the VNB. So just wanted 
to assume that the product mix moved favorably and also you took the benefit of 
economic variance to largely negate the impact of assumption changes which might be 
largely related to GST thing? 
 
Dhiren Salian: You take everything together, Sanketh. So, one we have been working 
very hard at cost efficiencies across the years, which I spoke of earlier. So, the benefit of 
the cost efficiency is something that we have taken on board as we've got our pricing. 
Because I'm getting cost efficiency, I can continue to hold the price as it is.  
 
Now this is ceteris paribus. Some of my cost efficiency was negated due to the GST 
impact. So technically, I should have changed my pricing. But then I also had the 
improving yield curve, which allowed me to hold on to prices at that point. Actually, if you 
look at the entire period, there have been very marginal price changes, that too in certain 
cohorts, and not across the board. And I believe we had answered the other question 
earlier as well, one did not expect en masse price changes to happen and that has not 
happened. 
 
Sanketh Godha: Okay, the reason I was asking this question is that given growth is 
becoming soft a bit now, and probably if yield curve becomes much more steeper, which 
was very visible in the month of March. Is it fair to say that to fillip the growth, you will 
pass on some benefit to the consumers? And maybe that could play a role for the growth?  

 
18 
 
 
And related to that point only is that, given, we largely did only single premium annuity 
in the current year. Given FRA lock-ins will be better or bond forward lock-ins will be 
better, will you go back to deferred annuity in a different format to fillip back the growth, 
given the economics are in your favor or in your industry favor right now? 
 
Dhiren Salian: So let me give you an answer hypothetically, if the yield curve moves 
downwards, I will reprice. Your second point was around regular pay annuity. We do 
have regular pay annuities and we continue to sell those as well. Yes, it's on a little more 
towards single pay, but we've built our regular pay annuity business as well and we'll 
continue to sell that. 
 
Sanketh Godha: Understood. And two more questions. One question is that given it's 
almost 6 months, closer to 6 months that the GST impact was taken on the protection. 
Have we started repricing or has industry started repricing the individual protection 
business to the extent of input credit not available or we still are on the old pricing nature 
only? And related to that, Dhiren, given we had a very strong third quarter. Now fourth 
quarter growth is still there, but it is turning down a bit. So the impact of GST which was 
there in third quarter, is it fair to say that now it is coming back to normal demand? 
 
Dhiren Salian: Sanketh, you saw the 60% year-on-year growth in retail protection in the 
fourth quarter. So, I think what we have been doing is working at this granular level to 
make sure that protection growth continues. In terms of your question on how we would 
look at pricing and have people taken step changes. I believe, by and large, the industry 
has not taken step changes.  
 
You might have one or two players who have taken some minor increases in prices, en 
masse price changes that too again to a degree of 1% to 3% across the board. We have 
stayed away from doing en masse price changes, we have taken cohorts and worked at 
those cohorts where we need to make updates to pricing. That has been our perspective, 
how we could manage this entire transition of GST. And you have seen the numbers 
come through in terms of 60% year-on-year growth. 
 
Sanketh Godha: Sorry, maybe I saw a wrong number. My bad. Actually, I saw total 
protection growth number so it's my bad. 60% is a very solid number. And lastly Dhiren 
then if you're okay to give the mix of ULIP, which has a higher sum assured and largely 
just to confirm that again. In your PPT, you gave 13-month persistency product wise that 
is linked, non-linked. And naturally, the non-linked part fell from 86.8% to 73.2%. So I'm 
assuming this is predominantly due to the zero surrender deferred annuity plan? 
 
Dhiren Salian: Yes. So the non-linked persistency drop is due to the annuity plan there. 
And no, we have not called out the split of the high sum assured ULIP. 

 
19 
 
 
Sanketh Godha: Okay. Thanks. That’s it I must say. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Nidhesh Jain from 
Investec. Please go ahead. 
 
Nidhesh Jain: Thanks for the opportunity. First question is on EV split. So if I look at the 
March, 2025 EV split between VIF and networth in this presentation, it's different from 
the last year presentation. So is there any change in VIF and networth methodology? 
 
Dhiren Salian: Yes. Nidhesh, you can refer to Slide 63. We've called that out and given 
you a walk from FY2022 to FY2026. The key change is that the shareholder share of the 
MTM that's on the assets and derivatives of the policyholder funds, that's been 
reclassified to VIF from ANW. That has absolutely no impact on the EV, just a 
reclassification within VIF and ANW. And this is consistent with how the market is 
looking at it. 
 
Nidhesh Jain:  MTM being classified in VIF? 
 
Dhiren Salian: Yes, the MTM on assets and derivatives of the policyholders has been 
classified in the VIF.  
 
Nidhesh Jain: Okay. Sure. Second question is that if I look at agency business last year 
Q4 declined 20%. This year, again, it has declined on a lower base. So what is exactly 
happening in this channel? What we are looking in terms of growth in the agency channel 
specifically? 
 
Dhiren Salian: In a large part, due to the higher base that we had of annuity in the 
previous year, that has held the base that we have to work against. Again, if you look at 
from a longer time frame, we still have a fairly decent growth on agency. But yes, at the 
shorter term, it has been a bit of a challenge. But like I mentioned earlier, we are looking 
at working granularly at agency looking at these micro segments, building efficiency 
within the agency distribution itself. 
 
Nidhesh Jain: And similarly Direct channel has also lagged in terms of growth this year, 
last year also, I think Q4, it was weak? 
 
Dhiren Salian: Yes, that's right. There was a base effect with direct as well. 
 
Nidhesh Jain: So, in terms of expansion of these channels are we planning to add more 
agents, open more offices or also I'm just trying to understand how are we trying to, let's 

 
20 
 
say, deliver growth in these channels in FY2027 and how are we planning today for that 
growth? 
 
Dhiren Salian: So as I mentioned earlier, we are looking at these. Growth centers on our 
data-driven expansion, especially with the micro-market led branch strategy that we 
have, again, using technology, analytics as productivity levers. So, we will continue to 
work at it granularly Nidhesh and then I'm not walking away with the fact that the 
growth numbers have not been strong. Will work at improving these as we go down 
granularly into each of these segments. 
 
Nidhesh Jain: Sure. Third question is on the non-par business. So, since the yield curve 
has been quite favorable, why don't we offer better IRRs to the customers versus fixed 
deposits. Have some cut on margins, but deliver better APE growth. Why we are not 
doing that? 
 
Dhiren Salian: See, one of the things Nidhesh, is that we get priced off the G-Sec. I think 
by and large, insurers in India have been quite disciplined an approach to actually work 
off the G-Sec, which may not have been the case in geographies outside of India. The 
pricing of deposits does not really follow the G-Sec threshold. So, to that extent, at certain 
points in time, when deposit gets priced extremely well relative to non-par products, 
which are built from a longer-term perspective, customers can swing from one to 
another. So, if you were to actually start to cut margins to be able to deliver on growth 
on non-par, it may not be accretive to shareholders. 
 
The whole perspective that we carry, Nidhesh, is that, again, look at absolute VNB. It's 
not a question of trying to push one particular product versus another, it's to identify 
what are these opportunities that exist at this, point, and you're right in the sense that 
the non-par offers you a great opportunity in sense that the yield curve is great, that it is 
steep and is able to give you a good IRR but the competition that also comes about at 
least from a sticker price comparison is FDs, which are still running a fairly steep rate. So 
to that extent, the non-par does get subdued. 
 
Nidhesh Jain: Sure. And lastly, if you can share the breakup of group protection between 
term protection, group term, and credit life? 
 
Dhiren Salian: Yes, that's in part of annexures of this pack, that's on slide 56. 
 
Nidhesh Jain: Okay, I will take it from there. Thank you, Dhiren. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Zhixuan Gao from Schonfeld 
Strategic Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 

 
21 
 
Zhixuan Gao: Yes, thanks so much for the opportunity. Just want to have a couple of 
clarifications. On slide 64, the EV walk. Just want to understand, under the persistency 
and the other variance, the ₹ 2.64 billion, how much is pertinent to VNB returning to 
FY2026? 
 
Dhiren Salian: Sorry, can you repeat your question again? 
 
Zhixuan Gao: Yes, so we have ₹ 2.64 billion persistency and other variance in the EV 
walk, right? I just want to understand how much of that is attributed to VNB or APE for 
policies written in FY2026? 
 
Dhiren Salian: Almost none. Gao. 
 
Zhixuan Gao: This is all back book? 
 
Dhiren Salian: Yes. 
 
Zhixuan Gao: Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manas Agrawal from Bernstein. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Manas Agrawal: Hi. My question relates to potential regulations on commissions. A: Do 
we have any understanding of what is happening and when is it expected to happen? 
And B: if there are like various levels of cuts to commissions, how would your margins 
and your growth assumptions change? 
 
Dhiren Salian: Manas, we are not aware of discussions. We do acknowledge that the 
regulators asked for data which we have provided, but we have not heard anything 
beyond that. 
 
Manas Agrawal: Okay. And second question, let's say, the regulator does something. 
What would be the sensitivity to growth and margins on that front? 
 
Dhiren Salian: I don't know what the regulator is thinking on that front. So, it will be a 
little difficult to comment. 
 
Manas Agrawal: Understood. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Shobhit Sharma from 
HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
 

 
22 
 
Shobhit Sharma: Yes. Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I have a question for Anup 
Sir. Anup Sir, if I look at our retail business growth over the last two, three years, it has 
not been that strong. If you can help us understand what are the key challenges which 
is impacting our growth. Does our cost optimisation initiative which we have taken over 
the last 2, 3 years impacting our growth trajectory? And given market remains like this 
for the entire year and as we remain really focused, how do you internally plan growth 
and do you think we can grow in line with the private players? 
 
And secondly, we have a very granular distribution and agency plays a very important 
role. The share of agency channel has been coming down over the last two years, if you 
look at. So is it because we have seen larger agents moving to the competition? Or there 
any other challenges which are impacting the growth of this channel? 
 
Anup Bagchi: I think from a growth perspective, I think it might be useful to look at a 
slightly longer period and do a CAGR of growth and take volatility and base effects into 
consideration. I don't think that cost optimisation comes in the way of growth at all. In 
fact, in our industry, I would say that since we run largely two kinds of businesses, one is 
protection-led businesses, which are risk-based businesses completely. And second is 
savings-oriented business, which essentially either get priced-off the equity return or get 
priced-off G-sec. In both cases, what we can give to the customer is less the margins and 
less the opex & commission cost. 
 
So, with that in context, I think like in all asset management businesses, one has to keep 
working on cost structure both on your fixed cost as well as optimising on the commission 
costs and distribution costs at least in areas where it is not adding value, but it is giving 
top line. So, there are always pockets in large distributions where you will see that there 
are larger payouts and it is not giving commensurate margins or commensurate profits 
or profit pools. So that is a constant area of optimisation that one has to do.  
 
And then on the protection side, one has to be focused on the risk, which is early claims 
and make sure that your underwriting is proper and your pricing is better. So, I don't think 
there is anything sort of coming in the way of growth. So, we have to go more granular 
and we have to get back growth. 
 
There are base effects, and which is I am saying, and like Dhiren earlier said, if you look 
at, you know, two years, three years CAGR, even if you look at two years CAGR, we are 
slightly behind, but we do have to catch up. I understand the sentiment that we have to 
do more growth, but our focus, like we have always said is absolute VNB. 
 
And in absolute VNB, there are other levers in addition to the APE. APE is a very 
important lever, not to say that it is not. But there are levers also, which needs to be 

 
23 
 
flexed to get the VNB and make the whole business model more robust. So we don't see 
cost optimisation or things like that comes in the way of growth at all. 
 
Shobhit Sharma: And secondly, sir, on the agency channel, how we plan to revive that 
channel? 
 
Anup Bagchi: I think agency channels, we have had some large base effect two years 
back. And if you look at CAGR of few years, it is running at 12%, 13%. And as the base 
effect goes, I think it will come back. And we are also certainly looking at micro market-
led agency. So hopefully, it will come back sooner than we think. 
 
Shobhit Sharma: Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ritika Dua from Bandhan AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Ritika Dua: Yes. There are two questions. One is that Nidhesh was saying on the 
reclassification on the EV side. So, while Dhiren, you clarified that it doesn't have an 
impact on the EV. But just could you just explain what we have done and the objective 
of the same to do it today? That's one question. And the second question is that while I 
know we are very early days of IFRS, but just maybe to hear your initial thoughts as to 
how the KPIs would be maybe in our IFRS world? So those are the two questions. Thank 
you. 
 
Dhiren Salian: Hi, Ritika, IFRS, let's wait until it gets implemented. As we seek 
forbearance, the current year will be on the existing I-GAAP. IND-AS will form financial 
information, which will be alternate financials. So, let's wait until that settles. Because 
we'll have to, as we create the Opening Balance Sheet and then look at the quarterly 
financials as they're being generated. 
 
Coming to your first question on this reclassification. This is just alignment with what 
we've seen the market at, nothing more than that. So total EV does not change, it's just 
alignment. There is no specific guidance on where this particular MTM is to sit. We realise 
that it's better to align with the way the market is presenting it, so that you have 
comparability. 
 
Ritika Dua: And if you don't mind, Dhiren, could you just explain the change again. I'll 
obviously go through the presentation, but if you don't mind, could you just explain the 
change again? 
 

 
24 
 
Dhiren Salian: This is the mark-to-market on the assets and derivatives of the 
policyholder funds. That is the component that has been reclassified. It's just the mark-
to-market on assets and derivatives. 
 
Ritika Dua: Sure. Thanks. Thanks so much. Thank you. I'm done. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Hi. Good evening, everyone. So, a few questions from my side. A few 
questions from my side. First, Dhiren, you mentioned on how you really go about looking 
at assumption changes and variances on the persistency and back book. You specifically 
mentioned that once a select cohort kind of becomes meaningful from a size and scale, 
that's why the variability can come out to be a meaningful number from an EV 
perspective in case there are some differences between assumptions and realities of life. 
 
Now on that backdrop, you also mentioned that barring the annuity product also, there 
are certain other products and cohorts where you have witnessed some challenges. So, 
I wanted to get some colour on what this product or cohort would be? And is it any 
particular mass market strategy or any particular product which is really driving this? 
Just wanted to get some sense of how these things can shape up, let's say, from the next 
2 to 3 years also if your product or customer strategies kind of like to remain the same? 
 
The second question was on the banking channel. In your opening remarks, you 
mentioned that you want to focus on increasing your counter share. So, ex of ICICI Bank 
now that some of the banca partnerships ex-ICICI bank have kind of increased in vintage. 
Could you give some quantitative color on your counter share or at least the movement 
in counter share over the last few years or maybe this year? 
 
And finally, third question is on the ULIP side. It seems that your ULIP margins have been 
moving up over the last two years, due to the efforts that you have undertaken, be it in 
terms of riders or higher sum assured. So how much headroom would you believe that 
you have in this category to kind of further scale up the margin profile? 
 
And just one small data keeping question, if you used to break up the unwinding into 
reference rate and real-world returns. If you can kind of quantify that number? 
 
Dhiren Salian: It's alignment with how the market is presenting it. We are not breaking 
the unwind up at this point. In terms of persistency, see, there are always going to be 
some products that are doing better than the expected persistency and some that are 
doing worse. The way that we have seen this evolve is that there are certain products 
and channel cohorts where we need to do some work where the persistency has not 

 
25 
 
been in line and that is the reason why we said we will keep continuing to watch this and 
see how we could improve these persistency in the years going forward. 
 
As Anup also pointed out, we continuously look at our distribution and see what adds 
value. Very clearly, if there are cohorts that are not adding value, then we look to step 
away from those cohorts. And if you're not able to fix them. So, to that extent, there is a 
continuous rejig of our distribution of what customer segments that we want to onboard 
through specific distribution and corrective actions get taken along with the distribution 
teams on the ground. So, I don't want to call out any specific channel or any product, but 
there are some small cohorts here and there that we need to fix and that we'll continue 
to work at in the years as well. 
 
Within the non-ICICI Bank, we did mention that we've had an increase in market share 
by and large. Again, a lot of the work has gone in across all of these partnerships to be 
able to drive our share. But again, it depends upon each particular shop, what our share 
is in that particular shop. But by and large, we've been seeing a positive trend in terms 
of increasing share in most places. 
 
Coming to the question on unit linked and its margin. Yes, you're right. Over the years, 
we've been able to improve the margin of our unit linked portfolio by addition of high 
sum assured by elongating terms. But I think the way to look at the unit linked product 
is, it is a very transparent product. If you're able to add sufficient protection to it, it makes 
it far more meaningful. It is not a mutual fund product and that has to be very well 
understood but by making sure that you're adding protection and propositions very 
specifically, you are able to cater to various needs of customers and fulfill whatever 
needs that they set out. So that's been our approach to product development and 
proposition set up for our customers, and we'll continue to keep working at this when I'm 
covering newer segments that we want to expand this into. 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh: All right. Thank you, Dhiren. Just one small clarification. I mean, in the 
persistency question, you mentioned that you'll be working through these products and 
customer cohorts incrementally throughout the year and going ahead also, right? I mean 
is that the right understanding? 
 
Dhiren Salian: That's right. It's a continuous exercise. Like as Anup also pointed out, there 
are always going to be some segments that are not up to par. The point is you try to fix 
it because you start with the underlying proposition that is being provided to customers 
and the sales process. If it doesn't work, then you stop selling. 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Dhiren Salian: Thanks 

 
26 
 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak. 
Please go ahead. Nischint, your line is unmuted, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: Thanks for taking my question. You know, just on the protection side 
on the retail term side, we have seen a lot of tailwinds with GST and hopefully, we can 
see this continuing as well. Is this because there is a natural offtake or as the industry or 
specifically you kind of tailored certain products or looked at certain segments or 
probably made more investments to grow the segment? And in that sense, probably if 
you could give some sense of how long can this continue? 
 
Dhiren Salian: So, Nischint, if the question is, have we created new products and 
innovative products? The answer is yes. We have done that through the year by 
providing newer and newer propositions along the way. But I think one of the biggest 
tailwinds that we have got as an industry has been the GST reform, and that is felt most 
in protection, in retail protection because that's where you see the 18% go off. 
 
So, to the customer, you're seeing this improved benefit come through immediately. In 
fact, this is not just for new customers. It's also available for existing customers because 
as they pay the renewal, the renewals are much cheaper. So, the way I'm looking at it is 
that it has actually helped create positive word of mouth on retail protection because 
very clearly, I think this is one of the essences of our industry. Selling protection has to 
become one of the cores of what this industry does. In fact, we called it out also in the 
earlier part of our commentary. The retail sum assured growth for the industry actually 
was 2.5 times post the reform than what it was pre-reforms through this financial year. 
So very clearly, I think everyone, and it's not just us, everyone has latched on to this 
particular move. And it's up to industry to make this a success, which it has for the half 
year that we've seen. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: Got it. Just now, I believe Prudential is setting up a Health business. 
So, is there a partnership or any synergies between you and Prudential or is it run 
completely separately? 
 
Dhiren Salian: No, I believe that's a separate company. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: And if, I mean, hypothetically if Prudential wants to move from 
Health to Life. Do they need a NOC from you? 
 
Dhiren Salian: Again, these are shareholder matters. I think we could restrict the 
conversation to financial results. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: Sure, those are my questions. Thank you very much. 

 
27 
 
 
Dhiren Salian: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference back to Mr. Anup Bagchi, MD and CEO, for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Anup Bagchi: Thank you. Thank you very much, everyone. Have a good day. 
 
 
Safe harbour: Please note that this transcript has been lightly edited for the purpose of clarity. Except for the historical 
information contained herein, statements in this release which contain words or phrases such as 'will', 'would', ‘indicating’, 
‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. 
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, 
but are not limited to our ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, the impact 
of any acquisitions, technological implementation and changes, the actual growth in demand for insurance products and 
services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, policies and actions of regulatory 
authorities; impact of competition; experience with regard to mortality and morbidity trends, lapse rates and policy 
renewal rates; the impact of changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and other legislations and 
regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our holding 
company, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance undertakes no 
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof.  
