Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited, Unit 1104, 11th Floor, Godrej Two, Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli East, Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400079 
Tel.: +91(22) 4528 8555   Corporate Identity Number: L21002MH2023PLC402652   website: www.sanofi.in 
Email: igrc.schil@sanofi.com 
 
  
 
27th March 2026 
 
The Secretary  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001  
Scrip Code: 544250 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
C-1, Block G, Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400 051  
Symbol: SANOFICONR 
                                         
Sub.: Institutional Investor Meet – Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A Part A of Schedule III of Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of the SCHIL Institutional Investor Meet held on Tuesday,                  
24th March 2026.  
 
The 
same 
has 
also 
been 
uploaded 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.sanofi.com/en/india/consumer-healthcare/investors/disclosures-under-reg-46-of-
the-listing-regulations/analyst-meet  
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
 
 
 
Nikunjkumar Savaliya  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: F7048 
 
Encl.: a/a 
Nikunjkumar 
Jaysukhlal 
Savaliya
Digitally signed by 
Nikunjkumar 
Jaysukhlal Savaliya 
Date: 2026.03.27 
11:52:49 +05'30'

1 
 
 
 
 
 
Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
 
Institutional Investor Meet 
 
24th March 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Himanshu Bakshi - Managing Director  
 
Mr. Richard D'Souza - Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Nikunj Savaliya - Head - Legal & Company Secretary  
 
 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
2 
 
- Mr. Nikunj Savaliya - Head - Legal & Company Secretary, Sanofi Consumer 
Healthcare India Limited: 
 
- Hello. Hello, everyone. Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the first 
Investor Meet of Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited. It's a pleasure to 
welcome you here and it's wonderful to see that so many of you could spare time 
out of your busy schedule and decided to be with us. So, we are glad that you are 
with us today. 
 
- I am Nikunj Savaliya, Company Secretary and heading Investor Relations function 
within the Company. Allow me to introduce members of the leadership team who 
are with us this evening – 
 
• Mr. Himanshu Bakshi, Managing Director of the Company. 
• Mr. Richard D'Souza, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
 
- So, before we begin, a few announcements here. 
 
• We will start with a presentation by Himanshu covering business updates as well 
as the journey so far as well as the strategic priority for the journey ahead. 
• And, thereafter, we will start Q&A for about 30 minutes. 
• And after that, obviously, we will close and conclude this Investor Meet. 
• Proceedings of this meeting obviously is recorded in line with the legal 
requirement and will be uploaded on the website of BSE, NSE as well as the 
Company's website. And presentation also, what we are going to refer here 
today, is also available on the website of BSE, NSE and the Company's website. 
• For the seamless experience, I would request everyone to put their mobile on 
silent mode. 
 
- And, with that, I'll invite Himanshu for the presentation.  
  
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- Good evening, everyone, and thank you so much for being here. As Nikunj just 
mentioned, this is the first investor meeting that we're doing for Sanofi Consumer 
Healthcare India. Over the last two years a lot has happened on the business and I 
think it was important for us to have a conversation with all of you to really update 
you on what the business is doing, what are the things that we've achieved so far. 
And then, of course, we'll open it up for questions. 
 
- I think when we took over this business from Sanofi, I think we had a single minded 
objective, which was all about reigniting profitable growth because this was a 
vertical or division which had immense opportunity in the waiting. So, what I'm going 
to take you through today, of course, is the journey since inception, last couple of 
years what have we achieved so far, what's the road ahead for us, what do we feel 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
3 
 
as a strategy we should be doing as an organization in India to really grow faster and 
for that what's our strategy. 
 
- So, just a snapshot of who we are today as a business. So, close to ₹880 crore 
turnover that we have. If you look at our Profit from Operations, it's close to 37%, 
ROCE of 62.5%. But also, more importantly, very strong legacy brands that we have 
in the country. And most of the brands that we have today in the categories that we 
operate in are the top brands. So, if you look at Avil, it's the number one volume 
player in the category, Allegra is the number three in terms of value in the category, 
Combiflam number five in the category and DePURA, which was our entry into the 
Vitamin D space, has also occupied in the top five in that space. So, a very, very 
strong portfolio when it comes to different areas that we operate in today. 
 
- And just a reminder of why and what we intended to achieve through this demerger, 
you know, that happened. Of course, a typical pharma approach which was there in 
the past, which was more about winning with patented formulations, very 
prescription driven, patented brands funding new launches, looking at disease and 
therapy areas and, more importantly, the investments on brands on low single digit. 
Now, that's one way of operating and which is where a lot of companies are doing 
well as well. But I think for us, when we looked at our business and with the brands 
that we had, it was very important to fund the growth of this part of the portfolio. 
So, winning through brand equity, which really meant investing behind brands and 
the story that we have on brands. 
 
- There is a large portion of self-choice that still happens in areas that we operate in 
be it allergy, be it pain, be it VMS. Today, if you look at the environment outside, not 
100% of all sales happen through prescription. There is a large role of self-choice 
that's there and that's something we really wanted to work on and, more 
importantly, educate people, empower them so that they can be choiceful in really 
choosing the right brand for them.  
 
- Brand building, of course, you know, we have been lucky, to be honest, to have such 
strong brands in the portfolio but not as invested as they should be. So, the idea was 
to start building these brands for the future, making sure that they continue to serve 
the Indians and the Indian population. 
 
- And, more importantly, the investment. So, the ANP, again, really moving from a 
very low single digit to mid-teens. And that was the whole case of separation which 
would have led to this business as a standalone growing much faster than what it 
was in the past. But we did have a lot of things happening over the last couple of 
years. Of course, there was this whole demerger happening, we had, of course, the 
whole listing that happened, we had some unfortunate recalls that we did in 
abundant caution because for us it was very important that quality remains 
paramount. So, we had to recall certain brands. And, along with that, we were also 
building a new organization. So, by building a new organization, it's really 
restructuring, reorganizing, really going back to the drawing board, hiring the best 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
4 
 
talent out there. And that's the journey that we had over the last two years, where 
we also went back to all the relaunch products. So, as we speak today, all the 
products that we had recalled are back in the market and, again, moving back very 
quickly to the leadership positions. 
 
- We also had globally for us, if you really look at it, we are a part of Opella. And that 
was also one change that happened in that last two-year period, where we had 
CD&R, which is again a global company, taking a stake in Opella Global. So, a lot of 
action, to be honest, in this space, in this category for us over the last two years, 
where we ended up really building a very strong organization for the future. 
 
- And just to give you some examples of what has changed over the last couple of 
years. So, if you look at three key areas of influence for us or places which really 
matter in terms of growth, so be it the doctors or the healthcare professionals, be it 
consumer, and, of course, the pharmacies and the point of sale, before we were a 
demerged entity there were only two things we could do. Only two brands, Allegra 
and DePURA, where we did some work with healthcare professionals. Beyond that, 
no work with consumers, nothing on point of sale. And one big change that has 
happened over the last couple of years is today, as we speak, when we go to the 
HCPs, we go with an entire portfolio. We all heard of Combiflam as a brand like and 
when I joined this business I was amazed to know that we had not gone to the HCPs 
to speak about Combiflam for the last 15 years and still continued to be amongst the 
top five brands. That speaks about the strength that this brand had. So, we went 
back to the HCPs, we went back to the doctors, making sure that our connect with 
the HCPs doesn't go away. 
 
- So, as we speak, all four brands in the portfolio today are spoken to with the HCPs, 
are areas where we invest with the HCPs, are areas where we go and do a lot of 
meetings and discussions with the HCPs and we've also initiated direct consumer 
communication; simple things like what is the difference between a common cold 
and allergy. I mean, today, if you ask many people, they won't know the difference. 
And as a leader in this space, I think it was imperative for us to take that leadership 
role and make sure we speak to the consumer directly, tell them what it means so 
that they grow the category the way we want them to. 
 
- And also in terms of point of sale, for the first time in years we've started again 
investing on retail pharmacies. In terms of our discussion, in terms of our visibility, in 
terms of making sure the pharmacist is well educated about our brands and the 
superiority that we have versus competitors. And that's something that we started 
doing over the last year, year and a half, since we became a separate entity. 
 
- And while we can talk about business and the changes that we've done, I think the 
much larger focus was really on getting the team right, getting the culture right. I 
think that's one question I used to keep asking the team on, you know, how different 
are we to what we were earlier? Yes, we definitely need to keep the strengths that 
we had but being a fast-moving consumer health organization, we need to do things 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
5 
 
differently. Starting with getting and hiring the best talent in the FMCH world. If you 
really look at the leadership team today, you will find people who've come with 
great experience across health and consumer organizations. And that's something 
we've built over the last year, year and a half. A very strong KPI-driven performance 
culture. Great performance is rewarded big time. And, of course, in terms of 
performance if something not great, that's called out. And that's the culture we 
really want to build going forward as well, which will really mean faster growth for us 
as a business. 
 
- In the first year, year and a half, itself we were also recognized as one of the most 
preferred workplaces for not only overall but for women as well. And I think for us as 
an organization, that gives me a big sense of pride, a huge sense of pride for being 
recognized as a great workplace for women. Our diversity in terms of the number of 
women employees has actually gone up more than two times over the last one year. 
And we continue to work in that direction because we believe very strongly that a 
great, diverse organization is what will lead to great growth in the future. 
 
- And, yes, wellness at the core of workplace. So, most of our policies, our workplace 
is designed to make sure that people feel great when they're at work and they 
deliver the most productive work that they can do. So, more from an HR culture 
perspective, again a lot of work to enable the whole business strategy that's 
happened over the last one year, one and a half years. And that's led to good 
business performance in 2025. Our Revenue from Operations has gone up by 21%, 
Operating Profit up by 13% and a 33% increase on PAT. And that's what we recorded 
last year in terms of our performance. 
 
- We spoke about business, we spoke about people but it's also about doing things 
beyond business. There are two key areas that we've started working on. And, again, 
in a place like India when you start this, it's still a drop in the ocean but that's a very 
serious attempt from our side to make sure that we do something beyond just our 
business for the society. 
 
• The first one was Project Amrit, which is about access to clean drinking water. 
And in the last one year, we've actually reached close to 200,000 people by 
giving them access to clean water. 
• The second one was on air pollution. So, we partnered with a government 
agency for a project called Van Mitra, where close to 400 tons of CO₂ was 
reduced by planting over 34,000 trees. 
 
- And, finally, we also got certified as a B-Corp organization. And for people who don't 
know what B-Corp is, it's one of the most prestigious certifications that's there 
globally on the highest standards of ethics, social and environmental performance. 
And that's also something that we were certified with. So, amongst the few 
companies in India who are B-Corp certified, we are one of them now. So, yes, 
beyond work, beyond business, we've also started taking steps to make sure we also 
do something meaningful for society at large. 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
6 
 
- Now, that's been the story over the last couple of years, which has been more about 
building a business, getting things back on track, making sure that we are now a 
ready engine to really move fast in the future. I think one thing is very clear, we are 
in the right categories today. Significant growth opportunities still remain in all the 
core categories that we operate in. So, be it allergy, 3 out of 10 people have suffered 
from any allergy in the last six months, 9 out of 10 people have experienced some 
kind of pain episode and 7 out of 10 Indians are deficient when it comes to Vitamin 
D. And if you look at the market size and the market potential where the market is 
growing as well, for us there is still a huge headroom to grow. So, I think the good 
part is we are in the right space, we are in the largest bubbles of CHC with the best 
brands that we have in the portfolio with immense headroom to grow still in each of 
these categories. 
 
- And we've also seen the strength of our brands. We've had consumers talk about our 
brands on social media and that's happened in spite of us not doing big investments 
in the past. But all these brands are well known - Allegra, Combiflam, Avil for that 
matter. If you go to the Heartland today, ask anybody ‘Avil’, they know the brand. 
And that's the added advantage that we have that we don't need to build brand 
awareness to that extent, I think it's really about just reminding people about the 
strength that we have and the superiority that we have versus other competitors in 
the market. 
 
- And, most importantly, the overall health landscape in terms of consumer behavior 
is also changing. A lot of people today are taking health in their own hands, a lot of 
people are going online for searches. Thanks to ChatGPT, something that you want 
to know about anything, you can just go online and type. And we see that increasing 
day by day. For a simple pain episode or for a simple allergy, people are thinking 
twice about really going to the doctor and paying that huge amount. So, there is a lot 
of self-care happening, there is a lot of education that people are wanting in these 
critical categories that we operate in. So, 53 million people accessing online about 
their health or asking questions about their health. Almost 1 in every 4 consumers 
are self-medicating today. 15% where they ask the pharmacist. And that's a 
landscape that's only going to increase as people get more information, as they get 
more access to information online. 
 
- And if you really look at the key drivers today, and one of them we put on screen is 
on VMS, which is Vitamin Mineral Supplements, the largest influencer today is social 
media. So, clearly there is a lot of room for us to play in terms of consumer 
education, making sure that we are people that go out with great credibility, with all 
the information that we have and educate people for them to make the right choice. 
 
• So, HCP as a lever, we continue to work on it because that's where the science 
wins. 
• Consumers, for sure, because that's really a place where self-medication is going 
up.  

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
7 
 
• And of course, pharmacies, which is a point of sale where we really need to go 
big.  
 
-  And it's very important that we start investing behind it because when we looked at 
the overall landscape today and when we started our business, our media spends, 
our HCP coverage or even our direct store coverage was not to the level of what we 
want or to what the category is. So, again, while the categories have great room, 
there's also room in terms of channel space that's clearly available in terms of our 
visibility, in terms of our presence, in terms of our distribution. 
 
- So, what do we do about it, right? We know there is space, we know there is a lot of 
room in our categories to do. I think if I were to really talk about our strategy in one 
page, this is what it is. It's really about a synergistic demand generation through both 
HCP and self-choice. We cannot just go with one. We just cannot go with one 
because in many of our categories, still for the first initiation, HCP is critical. So, we 
will continue to work with HCPs. And, of course, while we keep building our 
consumer franchise around it, which is really the true FMCH model, our mission is 
very clearly ‘Health in your hands’, which is exactly the same as what we have 
globally, making self-care as simple as it should be so that people are well informed 
to take the right decision. And we do want to be the best FMCH in and for India. 
 
- So, what do we do? I think three key areas or three levers which will drive our 
growth agenda moving forward. 
 
• The first one being scaling up HCP initiation, which means reaching out to more 
number of HCPs in our specialties because, again, that's an area where we are 
still not fully leveraged. We are very clear about the concentration curves on 
each category and, yes, there is room. So, the first lever is going to be increasing 
reach with HCPs. 
• Scaling consumer engagement, I spoke about it. More investments on brand 
building, social media to make sure that people are well informed. 
• And, finally, improving access, which is being available directly in more number 
of stores. Of course, today you will find a Combiflam and Allegra in most of the 
stores out there but that's through indirect channels as well. So, once you start 
doing directly, of course, you have larger control over those stores and more 
range selling that you can do there. 
 
- So, three key pillars that we'll invest on moving forward to make sure our growth 
ambitions are fulfilled. 
 
- And in terms of key enablers, continue to build the right talent around the 
organization, hire the best people out there to make sure we have a very, very 
strong foundation in terms of talent. 
 
- Digital and AI, we have already started investing in AI and that's really helping a lot of 
functions be more productive than what we were in the past. 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
8 
 
- And a very lean and efficient supply chain. We are now fully independent as an 
entity when it comes to our supply chain operations and that's also helping in terms 
of overall cost management. 
 
• So, we plan to double our doctor reach face to face. I'm not talking about the 
online reach. That, of course, will be way higher with the number of campaigns 
that we do. But from where we are, we plan to double the reach to HCPs. 
 
• Digital reach in addition to 50,000 HCPs, from where we are today, to really scale 
up our HCP engagement efforts in the category. 
 
• Digital first demand generation. These are a few of the campaigns that we had 
done over the last six months, which have done really well. We've already 
started talking about DePURA on social media, Allegra is on social media. 
DePURA, we've already seen. For Combiflam, we did a big activity in Mumbai 
during the Ganesh festival to really kickstart our conversations with consumers 
there. 
 
- So, again, a lot of things which have happened for the first time and these are areas 
which we continue to build on as we move into the future. 
 
- Increasing direct retail coverage. So, we've got very clearly certain programs running 
for which we need to win in the store. Multiple display points and visibility points in 
store, that's something that we've started working on. And, of course, increasing our 
direct coverage also by 2X. 
 
- So, both on the HCP side, consumer side and the retail side, efforts have been 
increased to make sure that our access and our reach becomes much larger than 
what it is today.  
 
- And to enable it, of course, we've got a lot of work happening on the right talent and 
culture piece because it just cannot happen by saying it. So, we need the best talent 
out there. So, we are looking at the best FMCH talent across the industry. We are 
working majorly on productivity today, so a lot of programs have already been put 
up in sales for better visibility of data, much better analysis of what we get today. 
And that's really helped us strengthen our decision making but, more importantly, 
has also built a lot of agility in the system to take calls very quickly. 
 
- And, finally, on our culture, we call it the challenger mindset, which is more about a 
culture where people challenge status quo, not just live with what was there in the 
past but make sure that we do something new, do something different to really 
create a big impact in this business which, of course, will be supported by 
differentiated reward structure bringing in more speed and accountability. 
 
- AI, I spoke about a little but, yes, each of our employees today, even to the rep level, 
are fully enabled with tech. So, if you were to ask me exactly what's happening at 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
9 
 
this moment, I can tell you. So, over the last one year a lot of effort has gone into 
really enabling ourselves on data and insights and that's something that's really 
helping and, of course, AI. We've started our journey on AI already, so most of our 
creatives that you are seeing or you will see in the future will be AI enabled, which 
also means that you cut a lot of timelines in terms of copy production and very quick 
in terms of turnaround when it comes to creatives. 
 
- And I think that's also a question which was asked to me when we had launched this 
entity separately on how empowered the country businesses. And I can tell you very 
clearly, it is a very empowered country business. I have had presentations, you 
know, to all the global teams and India is a key geography for investment. A lot of 
initiatives are India First now. So, while, yes, there are certain things that we get 
from global but there are a lot of initiatives that have been India First initiatives. And 
that freedom to operate and that accountability, of course, comes with it but there is 
a very clear understanding of the complexity that India carries and, hence, a 
differentiated approach that we need.  
 
- There is complete ownership of the entire P&L be it any brand, be it global brands, 
be it country brands. So, that all sits with the country. We don't need to go out big 
time for seeking approval, so all decisions happen at the country. A dedicated 
inhouse AI creative team now, so we don't again really need to go out looking for 
creatives or asking somebody to send us something and for us to really change, you 
know, in our languages. So, everything's happening in India, as we speak. And, of 
course, we benefit from Opella's global scale and R&D and technology. The other 
thing which is not here is also the fact that most of our production, almost 100% 
happens in India. So, we are not really dependent in any way on any global supplies 
that happen. So, all control in terms of stock availability remains with us as a 
company. 
 
- So, that's the journey, that's what I had to share with all of you in terms of what 
happened over the last couple of years in terms of us trying to build a strong 
foundation but also what are the key levers for growth moving forward. Thank you 
so much again for your patient listening and I can invite Richard for the Q&A now. 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Richard D’Souza - Chief Financial Officer, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- Yeah. Thank you, Himanshu, for the insightful presentation. We will now move to the 
Question and Answer session, an important part of today's program where we want 
to hear your perspective as well as like to answer the queries.  To help us conduct 
this efficiently, there are certain ground rules –  
 
• Please, begin by introducing your name and the organization which you 
represent.  

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
10 
 
• To ensure we cover a wide range of topic, please avoid repeating questions or 
queries which have already been answered. 
• You may raise your hand and someone from our team will get a mic and please 
wait for the mic before you start to ask the question. 
• And, last but not the least, we will refrain from responding to any questions 
which are forward looking assumptions, unpublished price-sensitive information 
or commercially sensitive topics. 
 
- If any questions remain unanswered due to paucity of time, you can mail us at 
igrc.schil@sanofi.com and we will answer your queries. 
 
- With that, I open the floor for questions. 
 
- Mr. Nikunj Savaliya - Head - Legal & Company Secretary, Sanofi Consumer 
Healthcare India Limited: 
 
- Anyone breaking ice in terms of asking questions. 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- Can you give her a mic? 
 
- Ms. Monica - SBI Mutual Funds: 
 
- Hi, I am Monica from SBI Mutual Fund. Himanshu, I wanted to understand from the 
global entity Opella, with the change in structure and the way you have met the 
management teams over last 2 years, for India what is the focus? Is it growth or is it 
profitability? Because we see lot of MNC companies today, for them India is 
becoming a center of profitability versus not focusing a lot on growth. But you seem 
a lot excited about this entity, so where is the excitement between the two? And 
don't say it's both because it's practically less possible. 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- I think it's a fair question and if you see the overall presentation which I have made, 
it was all about penetration and growth. I think India with the way we are and the 
size that we have today, we are still not immensely huge for India and for the world 
as well. And which is why all the discussions that we are having with the group are 
centered around the fact on how we increase volumes and penetration. So, growth 
is the agenda for India, very clearly. But having said that, it's also profitable growth. 
And that's what we've also achieved over the last one year if you see. So, I think if 
you ask me one answer to this, it's very clearly growth and penetration that we want 
to achieve in India. And that's where the global group is completely aligned. 
 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
11 
 
- Ms. Monica - SBI Mutual Funds: 
 
- Thanks. 
 
- Mr. Saurabh Kapadia - Sundaram Mutual Funds: 
 
- Hi, this is Saurabh from Sundaram Mutual Fund. If you can talk about the future 
pipeline in terms of products which can come from the parent portfolio. And also, 
there are a few products in India which are not a part of listed entity. So, the 
possibility of getting those products to the listed entity. And as of now, who does the 
marketing for those products? Yeah, thank you. 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- Thank you for the question. On the pipeline, yes, we continue to evaluate strong 
propositions across the categories that we operate in. I think one case in point was 
the launch of Allegra D, which just happened last year, which was one of the unique 
formulations that you see in the India market. So, we will continue to work on that.  
 
- Having said that, as I mentioned in the presentation as well, there is still a lot of 
headroom, even with the core brands that we have today. If you look at our market 
shares, if you look at the penetration, it's still a lot to go. But we will continue to 
evaluate. There are strong pipeline ideas that we have, which will continue to come 
in the future. 
 
- On your second question, which is about the other products which are not a part of 
the listed entity, yes, these discussions continue to happen with the group. Of 
course, once we have a discussion with the board, we will come back to all of you. 
But as of now, the decision is to continue with what we have right now. 
 
- And who manages it? Of course, there is the same team that manages it, for which 
it's cross-charged to the entity. 
 
- Mr. Hitesh Mahida - HDFC Life: 
 
- Yeah, Hitesh here from HDFC Life. Have you received the OTC approval for any of our 
brands? And do we have plans to target the e-commerce and the modern trade? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- So, thanks, Hitesh, for the question. As you're aware, the OTC policy is still in the 
works. And of course, we are expecting that it will come out very soon, which will, of 
course, give a lot of brands the title of OTC in the country. So as of now, it's still in 
the works.  

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
12 
 
- We have started work on e-commerce and modern trade, but it's still in single digit 
in terms of contribution to the business. But we are listed across platforms today, 
where you will find most of our brands, but growing much faster than the core 
business. 
 
- Mr. Hitesh Mahida - HDFC Life: 
 
- And increasing coverage to 2X as far as HCP is concerned, any time frame we are 
looking at here? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- So that's 2026 itself.  
 
- Mr. Hitesh Mahida - HDFC Life: 
 
- This year itself?  
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- This year itself, yeah. 
 
- Mr. Jitendra Sriram - Baroda BNP Paribas Mutual Fund: 
 
- Hi, Jitendra here from Baroda BNP. I had two things that I just wanted to check with 
you. One is Opella has certain other verticals like Gastro, Enterogermina, they have 
laxatives, etc. So, I mean, I understand the fact that you're talking about that there's 
a lot of potential for these products. But at the same time, a lot of it is older 
generation products as well. So, I just want to understand, is there any move to also 
look at certain other pillars apart from pain management, allergies, and the nutrient 
segment? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- So very clearly, yes. Because if you really look at the mission that we have, to be the 
best fast-moving consumer health company. Now, consumer health is about many 
other categories than just what we are available in. So, we do keep evaluating in 
terms of what's the right entry space for us. Is there something that we can leverage 
from the global portfolio to enter such categories? So that work continues to happen 
as we speak. So, there's no set decision on which category we're entering right now, 
but we continue to evaluate. And that's something which will definitely come in the 
future. 
 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
13 
 
- Mr. Hitesh Mahida - HDFC Life: 
 
- What sort of practitioners are we targeting in specialists, which are the kind of 
specialists we are targeting going ahead? And on the GP front also, if you can share 
what kind of coverage increase, we are looking at? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- So, if you look at our brands per se today, some are brands which go to specialists. 
So paediatricians is the biggest one, because most of our brands today go to 
paediatricians. Allergologists are the other big one, because for allergy, that's where 
chest physicians are the other one where we go to big time in terms of what we do 
today. GPs is a space which is huge in India. So, it's not easy to today say that we can 
reach every one of them. When we look at 2X, it'll be a mix of all these key 
specialties that we'll go to, because we've also studied, as I said, the concentration 
curve in terms of which is the right number that we need to go beyond, which it 
doesn't become very productive. So, it's a mix across these specialties that will 
continue to go. Because in most of these specialties, even today, with the most 
biggest prescribers, we are under leveraged. So, the first idea is to at least reach that 
threshold, where we are reaching the maximum in terms of the curve, and then we 
move to the other ones. 
 
- Mr. Hitesh Mahida - HDFC Life: 
 
- And were there any excess sales booked in fourth quarter, because of the recovery 
we saw in the business? 
 
- Mr. Richard D’Souza - Chief Financial Officer, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- Sorry, can you repeat the question? 
 
- Mr. Hitesh Mahida - HDFC Life: 
 
- We had a lot of recalls last few quarters, right?  
 
- Mr. Richard D’Souza - Chief Financial Officer, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- Correct. 
 
- Mr. Hitesh Mahida - HDFC Life: 
 
- So, were there any excess sales booked this quarter because of... 
 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
14 
 
- Mr. Richard D’Souza - Chief Financial Officer, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- If you see the quarter for domestic sales, it grew by 22%, and you remove the recall 
from there. Without recall, the growth is 11%. 
 
- Mr. Hitesh Mahida - HDFC Life: 
 
- And going ahead, do we have any aspirational growth guidance internally, which we 
are targeting because….? 
 
- Mr. Richard D’Souza - Chief Financial Officer, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- No forward-looking assumptions or statements, sorry. 
 
- Mr. Hitesh Mahida - HDFC Life: 
 
- Thanks. 
 
- Mr. Shyam - Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund: 
 
- Hi, this is Shyam from Aditya Birla Mutual Fund. One question on investment. So, you 
mentioned probably increasing our A&P spends and trying to get more penetration 
across channels. Where exactly in that investment phase are we? Are we still kind of 
increasing our exposure still, or are those investments behind us and we are 
probably looking at more growth coming in from those investments now? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- So, thanks for the question. I think these investments already started last year, if you 
really look at it. And most of the work that you see on digital and whatever is already 
not something that you're doing now. I think so that's already started, I would say, 
from the second quarter ideally of last year, when we really started investing behind 
brands. And that's where we'll continue to again build it up in the future. And let's be 
honest, we are not an organization who's been spending this money for years. So, it 
will take, of course, some time to build these brands. But the investment is 
something that we've started earlier. 
 
- Mr. Shyam - Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund: 
 
- Interesting. Interesting. And second question on our growth aspirations. So 
obviously, that is coming on very well that you know, you guys are very focused on 
growth as a metric. But if I have to think of it, maybe the IPM growth is something 
that we track or the category growth is something that we are tracking because the 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
15 
 
kind of categories that we are in a slightly slower growing in nature. So where should 
we kind of picture you in? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- I think we look at both when I really look at it, because at the end of the day, it's 
important to see the overall structure as well. But for us, it's absolutely clear that the 
categories that we operate in are the ones that grow very fast. With the virtue of the 
fact that we are either number one or number two in most categories that we play 
in, I think the role of category expansion also lies with us. And that is where the 
efforts are. So, things like I mentioned, which is more about simple things like 
difference between allergy and common cold. I mean, these are all areas which we 
are trying to educate consumers so that it's more a category building initiative rather 
than just talking about Allegra. So, while yes, we do look at IPM, but category 
growths are key for us, especially in places that we are in today. 
 
- Mr. Shyam - Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund: 
 
- Interesting. Perfect. Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Ritesh - Nippon India Mutual Fund: 
 
- Hi, Ritesh from Nippon Mutual Fund. Can you for product innovation of new product 
launches, what are the efforts in terms of the R&D team internally here in India as 
well as at Opella global level? And I was just going to the website. Opella is also 
trying to do something like crowdsourcing for the R&D ideas. So, can you put some 
colour like how these efforts will eventually play out in next 3 to 5 years and what 
product launches can eventually happen because of these efforts? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- Thank you for the question. So, innovation is a key pillar very clearly for us going 
forward. I think what benefit that we have as an organization is we've got a very 
strong R&D network globally, which means great science behind all the brands that 
are available there. As we speak, there are a lot of ideas which I was also discussing 
with the other people that we're already testing, which are very meaningful new 
innovations coming in the future. And Allegra D, as I said, is one of them that came 
out because of all this research. So, we will continue to build on this. While yes, core 
continues to be our big focus area. But meaningful innovations are going to come 
very soon in this space from our side. 
 
 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
16 
 
- Mr. Ritesh - Nippon India Mutual Fund: 
 
- Anyway, you can help us in terms of the quantum of effort or investments you are 
doing, which can give you output in the next 3, 5 years. Say output could be binary. 
Today, if you are on 4 or 5 products, 3 or 5 years down the line, it can be 3X or 5X, 
depending on but on the effort side, if you can give any colour, any quantification. 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- So, what I can tell you is we have both local and global sources, resources available 
for that. So, while there is a dedicated R&D team in-house, we also have a very 
strong network at the region and at the group supporting us for each of the launches 
in the category. The first focus will always remain categories that we are in already, 
because that's where we really want to build and strengthen our position. And that's 
where this journey is only going to continue in the future. And you will see some 
very exciting launches coming soon. 
 
- Mr. Ritesh - Nippon India Mutual Fund: 
 
- Second on your field force, your MR or whatever term you give internally, how that 
has changed post the separation. And when you plan to improve the reach on HCP or 
store count, whichever way you internally track, would it happen through this 
internal field force working more efficiently and or you would use third party MRs, 
which most of the other MNC peers have gone and changed, has adopted that 
business model. If you can give some colour? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- Yeah. So, on your first question, how have things changed? I would actually put it 
into two buckets.  
 
- One, I think, is the whole appreciation of data and how we've data enabled each one 
of these people down the line. You know, what I showed on the slide, something 
called one touch, you know, that's something each rep now carries today. And he's 
informed exactly about what he's doing, how much he's achieved, how much of he 
needs to achieve more. So that one single gateway or app is making him so digitally 
enabled that's leading to much faster decision making and much better insights for 
the rep. So that's the first change.  
 
- The second one is in terms of content itself. So, the use of AI to making sure that we 
give the best content versus competitor. I mean, do a lot of studies on that. Gone are 
the days when you just go and start detailing on an iPad to the HCPs. You have to 
make it more meaningful. So, a lot of work has happened on content generation, you 
know, which is now way better than what we were probably a couple of years back.  

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
17 
 
- And your question on reach, I think we are definitely evaluating both the models 
today. There is very clearly a roadmap to increase productivity from the current sales 
force also, because, you know, there is definitely room there. But if there are 
interesting ideas where we can, in the right manner, in the right cost, you know, 
reach much more HCPs in terms of reach, why not? So that's something we are still 
evaluating on a few models on what we do. But definitely productivity from the 
same team is also on the agenda.  
 
- Mr. Ritesh - Nippon India Mutual Fund: 
 
- What is the team size?  
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- So, 350 odd people today, medical reps that we have going outside. 
 
- Mr. Ritesh - Nippon India Mutual Fund: 
 
- And just maybe on the reach question, if you want to put it more on region wise, 
North, East, South, West, and any further segmentation you do internally, where you 
are closer to your target, where you are way behind. This number which you would 
have given would be a blended number at the India level. But if you can give, 
because basically we can say that if you're present more in West, you need to 
replicate that thing maybe somewhere in East or Northeast? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- So today, if you look at our business, we are more strong in North. So North, 
including UP, has been a stronghold for our business in the past. East is where we 
want to make more inroads, to be honest, to make sure that we are there as per 
what the category is. And on West and South, we are as per category. So over 
indexed in North very clearly today on the business.  
 
- Mr. Ritesh - Nippon India Mutual Fund: 
 
- Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Shiv - ASK Mutual Fund: 
 
- Hi. This is Shiv from ASK Mutual Fund. I have 3 or 4 questions, so please bear with 
me. 
 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
18 
 
- First, if you can elaborate a little bit on how the dynamics could change once the 
OTC regulations come in, and I mean, in general on the healthcare side, but specific 
to your company, that would be useful? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- I think, first of all, it would be a great step, you know, if it happens, because that's 
really in line with empowering patients and consumers with the best information. I 
think the biggest impact will be really the fact that we'll be able to communicate 
with the consumer directly. You know, today on few categories, we are not able to, 
you know, you can't talk Allegra directly to people. You can't talk about the benefits 
that we have. And I think it's important for certain categories which are not very 
serious ailments, the consumers should be ideally getting that opportunity to 
understand what it is, especially when they're self-medicating. So, I think the biggest 
unlock will be direct consumer communication, you know, the moment OTC comes 
in, and then that gives us the freedom to really, again, build the category from where 
we want to today, which is today a constraint as we speak. So that'll be the biggest 
unlock for us. 
 
- Mr. Shiv - ASK Mutual Fund: 
 
- Sure. So just as an extension to this, while we wait for the regulation, do you think 
within your brands, do they lend themselves to some kind of a brand extension, 
which can talk directly to the consumer? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- So, they do, to be honest, if you really look at our portfolio today. The Combiflam 
cream is a portfolio that we have. It is a part of the Combiflam portfolio where you 
are allowed to talk to consumers directly. And that is something what we used, you 
know, in our event that we had done, at Lalbaugcha Raja, which was a huge event 
for us last year. And the first opportunity that we took to communicate directly with 
consumers. So, yes, there are extensions. Within categories there are meaningful 
places which will give you that opportunity to speak to consumers directly. And we 
are actively looking out for that. 
 
- Mr. Shiv - ASK Mutual Fund: 
 
- Yeah. So, would these brand extensions play an important part for your growth, 
whatever you're thinking in the next 3, 4 years? 
 
 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
19 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- Absolutely. So, as I said, innovation, new brands in our categories will definitely be 
important for us to grow. While, yes, core will be always first priority because there 
is a lot of room to grow. But areas which are meaningful, which allow us room and 
are meaningful for the consumers are also something we are actively looking out for, 
which is where, as I said, Allegra D came out. There was no brand for congestion out 
there with the pseudoephedrine formulation. And when we did our research, we 
found out that's a vacant space in the category and which is why we launched 
Allegra D last year. So, we continue to look at these opportunities. But you're right, 
there are adjacencies that will help us grow in the future. 
 
- Mr. Shiv - ASK Mutual Fund: 
 
- Right. The third is on the inorganic side. I mean, you talked about how India is fully 
empowered and things like that. So, does inorganic opportunities also come as a part 
of empowerment or? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- I think the key question that we need to answer there is what are we wanting to look 
at from an inorganic perspective? And I think that's a discussion we keep having with 
the group.  
 
- And then the second layer to that question is a make versus buy. We know the 
multiples in India, right, on how they work. The other good way to look at it is India 
has a state-of-the-art manufacturing ecosystem.  
 
- So, we do keep looking at these options. Global is absolutely open to these 
discussions. But we need to answer a few questions before we go ahead with that. 
 
- Mr. Shiv - ASK Mutual Fund: 
 
- Right. Just two last questions. You talked about investing in brands and things like 
that. So, I'm just wondering, would you be thinking like an FMCG company in terms 
of margins versus growth and say that, you know, look, I am happy to sacrifice a few 
percentage points on margins if it means a better growth for me? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- I think for us, sustainable, profitable growth will always be the agenda, right? Today, 
when you look at our portfolios with the virtue of wherever we are today, we have 
increased our spends. And if you really look at the margins also today, we've not had 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
20 
 
a significant downside there. I think we'll have to be smart about the way we're 
going to spend this money. In the right places, be very focused in terms of where you 
want to put the money, which is why we continue to do a lot of testing runs on the 
business. So, we don't look at areas like you've got a pot of money, just go and spend 
it out there. And I think we are very, very mindful of our bottom line. And that's also 
one of the KPIs that I am tracked on. So, it's very clear top of the agenda for us on 
both top line and bottom line. 
 
- Mr. Shiv - ASK Mutual Fund: 
 
- Okay. And just last question, which actually is linked to what you said last, is that 
when you evaluate yourself, let's say 3 years kind of a time frame or even on a 
continuous basis, do you look at a matrix of market share gain within that category? 
Or would you be looking at saying that, look, I have grown 1.5 times the category, so 
it's fine? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- No, I think the way we are evaluated and all of us as leadership are evaluated is very 
clear. So, it's top line, market share, bottom line. So, these are the 3 pillars where we 
all get evaluated. And by market share, it's very clear we'll have to grow faster than 
the market. We'll have to make sure that we beat our competitors out there. So 
that's a key metric of our performance evaluation as a team.  
 
- Mr. Shiv - ASK Mutual Fund: 
 
- Great. Thank you so much for answering questions. 
 
- Mr. Mahesh Vyas - UTI Mutual Fund: 
 
- Yeah. Hi, Mahesh Vyas from UTI Mutual Fund. Given the growth potential we have 
for already existing products and our MR are 350 some found, so are we looking to 
add MR also given there are certain regions where we are yet to touch? Thanks. 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- Thanks for the question. So, we do go to all regions today, first of all, so it's not that 
we are not reaching there. I think the gap which I mentioned was the fact that are 
we reaching enough HCPs that we need to reach in our categories?  
 
- So, yes, on certain specialties, there is definitely a gap today. And this gap will be, of 
course, looked at by two ways.  
 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
21 
 
- One is more productivity and efficiency in the current sales force that we have today, 
which is why we have a separate performance analytics team that really works on 
the right model and the approach we need to take. 
 
- And the second one is, yes, we need to look at different models of reach. Will it be a 
digital model and Omni that we'll use or we will look at adding more people, is a 
question that we'll have to answer looking at what the business case looks like, 
because you can't be just adding people without getting the benefit out of it.  
 
- So, we do keep looking at these options. But I think the ultimate objective is to reach 
the concentration curve with the right number of HCPs that we need to. So that's 
how we're going to evaluate it. 
 
- Mr. Hitesh Mahida - HDFC Life: 
 
- Post coming back from recalls, what is the kind of feedback we have got from 
practitioners? I mean, have we lost a decent market share, which we may find it 
difficult to regain? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- So, of course, if you're out of the market for more than a year, it definitely had an 
impact. It also gave opportunity for other brands to come in and take our space. I 
think what's worked well for us since we've come back is one, we are very quickly 
getting back to almost the same run rate that we were before we had the recall. So 
out of the 4, almost 2 have already reached it. On a couple of them, honestly, and 
that's the feedback coming from HCPs, they were delighted that we had come back 
because they did not get a great experience from other brands that they had used. 
So, I think that further established the fact and our superiority in their mind. And 
they continue to grow very fast now and we're almost there in terms of our run rates 
before we had gone out of the market. But yes, it did have an impact for that one 
year for sure. 
 
- Mr. Hitesh Mahida - HDFC Life: 
 
- And are we now well diversified as far as CMOs are concerned? 
 
- Mr. Himanshu Bakshi – Managing Director, Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India 
Limited: 
 
- Yes, I think if you really look at our overall CMO network today, it's very well 
covered. Absolutely no issue that we foresee in terms of any production or any 
supplies in the future.  
 
 

Sanofi Consumer Healthcare India Limited 
24th March 2026 
22 
 
- Mr. Hitesh Mahida - HDFC Life: 
 
- Thanks. 
 
- Mr. Nikunj Savaliya - Head - Legal & Company Secretary, Sanofi Consumer 
Healthcare India Limited: 
 
- So, thank you very much for joining us, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Sanofi 
Consumer Healthcare India Limited. I convey a deep appreciation for joining us today 
in person and that too because this is the special one, the first investor meet. And 
thank you again for your confidence in the organization and be part of engagement 
in the strategic priority discussion, that only helps and that is deeply valued. 
 
- From our side, we remain committed that we will continue to uphold highest 
standards of governance, transparency and performance. And you will see obviously 
in the coming years and our association will always be fruitful. With that, I conclude 
this investor meet and please join us for the high tea and thank you very much. 
 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or 
inconsistencies of English language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
 
