 
 
 
 
 
Date: 4th February 2026 
 
The Secretary  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
[Scrip Code: 517146] 
 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra  
Mumbai – 400 051 
[Symbol: USHAMART]
 
Societe de la Bourse de 
Luxembourg 
35A Bouleverd Joseph II 
L-1840, Luxembourg 
[Scrip Code: US9173002042]
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call – Q3 & 9M FY26 
 
In continuation to our letters dated 22nd January 2026 and 30th January 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 
30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Q3 & 9M FY26 held on 30th January 2026 at 10:00 AM 
(IST). 
 
The same is uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed through the following weblink 
TranscriptQ3&9MFY26. 
 
Further, please take note that no unpublished price sensitive information (UPSI) was discussed/shared 
during the call. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Usha Martin Limited 
 
 
 
Manish Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Enclosed: As above 
 
 
 
 
USHA 
MARTIN 
USHA MARTIN LIMITED 
CIN : L31400WB1986PLC091621 
frr> Regd. Office: 2A Shakespeare 
'v Sarani, Kolkata - 700071, India 
0 
(00 9133) 71006300 
.C:::::,. (00 91 33) 71006492 
B 
contact@ushamartin.co.in 
www.ushamartin.com 
MANISH 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
MANISH AGARWAL 
Date: 2026.02.04 
18:28:05 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
USHA MARTIN LIMITED 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
January 30, 2026 
 
 
Anoop Poojari: 
Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us on Usha Martin's Q3 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Rajeev Jhawar, Managing 
Director of the company; Mr. Abhijit Paul, Chief Financial Officer; and Ms. 
Shreya Jhawar from the Strategy and Growth team of the company.  
We will initiate the call with opening remarks from the management, following 
which, we will have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in 
today’s call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Rajeev Jhawar to make his opening remarks. 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. On behalf of the 
management team of Usha Martin, I would like to welcome you to our 
earnings conference call for the third quarter of FY26. I will begin with a 
summary of the quarter and then share our perspective on the drivers behind 
the performance. 
 
Consolidated revenues for the quarter grew 6.6% year-on-year to INR917 
crore, driven by a better product mix and steady demand trends across our 
key markets. The Wire segment continued to demonstrate strong 
momentum, delivering a 20.2% year-on-year increase in revenues. 
 
The Wire Rope segment reported 6.6% year-on-year revenue growth while 
the LRPC segment recorded a 13% decline year-on-year. Operating EBITDA 
for the quarter stood at INR176 crore representing a strong 23.3% year-on-
year increase. Operating cash flow before tax stood at INR561 crore, 
translating into a robust 114% conversion of operating EBITDA into cash. 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 2 of 21 
 
 
 
 
These results are a direct outcome of the strategic choices we have made:  
First, we continue to push value accretive products and applications across 
our portfolio. During the quarter, this was driven by higher traction in elevator 
ropes, crane ropes and oil and offshore ropes, where requirements are more 
engineering-driven and less price led. This approach also extends to Ocean 
Fiber, our synthetic sling solution, which complements our steel rope portfolio 
in specialized oil offshore and lifting applications. Over the past few quarters, 
this vertical has performed well for us, and we have executed several projects 
successfully. The Ocean Fiber brand is now established and will continue to 
scale this segment. 
 
Second, our focus continues to be on adding new customers across 
geographies because that is what ultimately drives sustainable volume 
growth. We have a dedicated focus on tracking how many new customers we 
are onboarding each month across markets. A good example of this is Saudi 
Arabia. Since starting our Rigging business there, we have added around 60 
new customers. While these customers are currently small in terms of 
volumes, but as the trials are completed and share of wallet increases, we 
expect volumes from this base to scale up. 
 
Third, our focus on cost structure continues to translate into better operating 
leverage. Over the past year, we have simplified our processes and policies, 
improved productivity and rationalize overheads under the One Usha Martin 
framework. This further allowed us to deliver healthy margins during the 
quarter and achieve an EBITDA per metric tonne of INR33,350 and margins of 
19.2%. 
 
Fourth, we continue to focus on generating strong cash flows, improving 
working capital and being thoughtful about capital allocation. This has allowed 
us to strengthen the balance sheet while continuing to invest. We closed the 
quarter with a net cash position of INR198 crore and a ROCE of 20%. 
 
Looking ahead, growth remains a key priority for us, and volumes are an 
important part of that equation. We see volume growth coming from new 
focus areas where we have been building capability over the last few years. 
This includes the high-quality Wires such as GALSTAR, value-added growth 
across segments like Elevators, Crane, Mining and Oil and Offshore as well as 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 3 of 21 
 
 
 
specialized products like the plasticated LRPC. These are categories where 
customer qualification cycles are longer, but once established, they tend to 
be more stable and recurring. With capex at Ranchi plant facility largely 
stabilizing, ongoing approvals and a healthy order book, we are well 
positioned for a pickup in volumes in the coming quarters.  
Additionally, over the past few quarters, we have significantly deepened our 
engagement with the end customers. Our R&D teams are working closely with 
these customers to develop customized solutions enabling us to participate in 
more specialized and higher value requirements. This closer integration with 
customers also provides us with reasonable visibility on demand pipeline, 
reinforcing our confidence in scaling up volumes and value. 
 
While the global operating environment continues to present uncertainties, 
the steps we have taken over the past few years gives us the confidence in 
how the business is positioned, both operationally and financially. This gives 
us a stable base to continue into our next phase of growth. 
 
With this, I would like to now invite our CFO, Mr. Abhijit Paul, to present the 
financial highlights for the quarter. Thank you. 
Abhijit Paul: 
A very good morning to everyone. I will now provide a brief overview of the 
company’s operating and financial performance for the quarter and 9 months 
ended 31st December 2025. In Q3 FY26, our consolidated net revenue from 
operations stood at INR917 crore as compared to INR861 crore in Q3 of FY25. 
 
This performance was driven by a healthy 20.2% year-on-year growth in Wire 
segment, while Wire Rope segment, which accounted for around 73% of the 
total revenues, registered a 6.6% year-on-year growth. The growth was 
supported by an improved product mix and a disciplined approach to the 
volumes across key markets. 
 
Operating EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR176 crore as compared to 
INR143 crore in the same quarter last year, with margins improving to 19.2% 
from 16.6%. Net profit for Q3 FY26 increased to INR107 crore from INR92 
crore in Q3 FY25, despite a onetime cost impact of INR13 crore arising from 
the implementation of the Wage Code. 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 4 of 21 
 
 
 
 
The improvement in profitability was driven by favorable sales mix and 
operating leverage, supported by sustained cost discipline. For the 9 months 
period ended 31st December '25, consolidated net revenue from operations 
stood at INR2,712 crore, registering a 5.2% year-on-year increase over 9 
months of FY25. 
 
During the period, the Wire segment recorded a strong 21.8% year-on-year 
growth, while the Wire Ropes segment grew by 5.6%. Operating EBITDA for 9 
months FY26 stood at INR494 crore, as compared to INR458 crore in 9 
months of FY25. 
 
Profit after tax from continuing operations for the 9-month period stood at 
INR336 crore, up from INR305 crore in the corresponding period last year. On 
the balance sheet front, overall net working capital has reduced by INR97 
crore from the peak of December '24, reflecting continued improvement in 
working capital management across the business. 
 
This reduction was driven primarily by lower inventory levels and continued 
discipline in receivables management while maintaining a stable current ratio. 
Net working capital days have remained broadly stable on a trailing basis, 
even as absolute working capital levels have declined, indicating improved 
execution discipline. Free cash flow generation during the 9-month FY26 
remained strong at INR318 crore, supporting meaningful deleveraging of 
balance sheet. Gross debt reduced from INR338 crore in March 2025, to 
INR172 crore as of December 2025, driven by internal approvals.  
As a result, the company has moved into a net cash position, which has also 
led to a notable reduction in the finance cost and further strengthened our 
financial flexibility.  
To conclude, our performance in Q3 and first 9 months of FY26 reflects the 
benefit of our disciplined operating and financial approach with improving 
margins, strong cash generation and the strengthened balance sheet. With a 
net cash position and stable demand across key markets, we believe the 
company is well positioned to support growth initiatives while maintaining 
financial discipline. This brings me to the end of my address.  
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 5 of 21 
 
 
 
I will now request the operator to open the line for Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session.  
We take the first question from the line of Aman Kumar Sonthalia from AK 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aman Sonthalia:  
Good morning sir and congratulations to the team for delivering a strong set 
of results in challenging macro environment. The healthy cash flow generation 
is particularly encouraging. But, I have a few questions regarding the results. 
When do we expect a clear and sustained recovery in volume growth and 
which business segment are likely to lead this recovery? 
Shreya Jhawar: 
Thank you so much for that question. Of course, volume growth is very 
important to us. If we look at the 9 months period so far, we have seen about 
a 5% increase in volume growth. On the wire side, we have been able to 
increase volumes more but on the rope side, of course, there is definitely 
further scope to push up volumes, which have only been marginally up I would 
say, year-on-year. 
When we can see this growth, of course, from a capex point of view, our 
capacities are ramped up on the rope side and we are ready to push up 
production. Now it is just about getting the right mix for optimal utilization 
and also pushing further on the market side. As we mentioned in the opening 
remarks there are a few things that we are doing on that front to push up 
volumes, be it – One, actively developing and tracking new customers across 
all our regions.  
Second, we are also working on more OEM approvals in the value-added 
segment, which is our focus, for example, in elevators, cranes, etc. And also 
we are pushing more volumes through value-added services, which we are 
working more directly with the end customers, which is helping us get better 
visibility on demand and so we can plan the right mix better. So, all of these 
should help us in the coming quarters to push up volumes in Q4 as well and 
then in the next financial year. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Whether we are seeing good order position compared to last year? 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 6 of 21 
 
 
 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
Yes, we see a much healthier order book, both on the domestic and export 
front, based on all the various initiatives the company has taken. With this 
increased order book position, which is much better than what it was same 
time or in the previous quarters, we expect that to also help us ramp up 
volumes in this quarter and the coming quarters. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
And generally, I think the high-value orders, the capacity utilization comes 
down. Do we have better high-value orders or is the commodity part of the 
order we had? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
The commodity part of the order generally comes on a month-on-month 
basis. The high-value products and project-based orders which are generally 
booked in advance because they are specialized in nature and require special 
raw material and extra manufacturing, processing time for those. We see a 
very good order book on those at the moment as well as good pipeline of 
inquiries.  
Hopefully, that should help us in translating into more value-added products 
in the future. The other part, what you said, the value-added production, the 
processing time is higher than the standard and general purpose ropes and 
we see generally a 30% to 35% low output if it is a specialized product 
requiring higher compaction and higher tensile of ropes. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
And since Europe is our very important market, so how will free trade 
agreement translate into tangible benefit for Usha Martin in terms of export 
volumes, margins and overall competitiveness over the next 12 to 24 months? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
The European market, the free trade agreement in any case for our product 
was nil duty. So, we do not see any major issue. It was already on a zero duty. 
So it is business as usual for us. Our products did not attract any duty even 
earlier.  
Aman Sonthalia: 
And what is the current status of the Saudi Arabian business and how the 
Thailand operations are ramping up? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
The Saudi Arabian business is slowly ramping up. We have seen quarter-by-
quarter the business ramping up. As I mentioned earlier that we have 
developed 60-odd new customers and more and more are getting added and 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 7 of 21 
 
 
 
supplies have already started. So, we expect from Q4FY26 onwards, 
improvement in the volumes and it should be a gradual ramp-up in the next 
financial year. We should be able to see better numbers in the coming 
quarters. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
And about Thailand operation? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
In Thailand plant we have made some capital expenditure and started some 
modernization of our plants. We see a good traction of orders coming in from 
Southeast Asian markets and with some European customers based on the 
new capex which we have initiated. 
However, we are in the process of also working on a cost optimization plan, 
which would take another, four to six quarters to be able to fully implement. 
And once these two initiatives are implemented, we hope that Thailand in the 
next four to six quarters should also start yielding better financial numbers. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
And one more question. How is the synthetic sling business scaling up and can 
you give meaningful contribution to revenues and margin in the next financial 
year? 
Shreya Jhawar: 
The synthetics business is doing well, as we have mentioned, the Ocean Fiber, 
which is our brand for the synthetic sling solution that is now well established. 
We are consistently getting orders on a month-on-month basis. And we do 
hope to continue to grow this vertical in the next financial year. We have 
developed 8 to 10 new customers and we are also getting repeat orders from 
our existing customers. So definitely over the next year and then over the 
next 2 to 3 years, it should become an even more meaningful vertical for us. 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
When we had initiated this project that it would take a couple of years to 
breakeven. But I am happy to say that in the very first year, we would be cash 
positive in this business and the inquiry base is strong and we hope that these 
can help as Shreya mentioned to ramp up in the coming couple of years. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
That is great, sir. When do we expect a significant volume in plasticated LRPC 
and how important can the product be in the company's future growth? 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 8 of 21 
 
 
 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
Plasticated LRPC is a very important part, particularly for the infrastructure 
business. The approval process does take time. We have approvals from two 
or three big players and we are in the process of getting approvals for a 
couple of more, which we hope should happen in the next 2 to 3 months. 
Once these approvals are in place, we should not only be able to supply to 
products to them within India, but also an opportunity to export this. I would 
say, give us another 2 quarters, say, Q1FY27 and Q2FY27, then we see a good 
ramp-up of plasticated LRPC also. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
And closing question is which business segment and geographies will drive 
the next phase of growth for Usha Martin? And what strategy will help the 
company achieve the next level of growth? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
See, the good part for Usha Martin is that we have a fairly diversified 
geography, and that also helps us, particularly in this geopolitical crisis as well 
as certain segments keep improving or keep coming down. So, our focus 
would continue to be servicing all these geographies and trying to increase 
our volume wherever possible. Of course, Saudi is something we started new. 
We are going to ramp up. 
Europe continues to be important for our future growth as most of the big 
producers and the big contractors are based out of Europe. Their Rope 
demand may be in different parts of the world, but generally, the orders are 
generated from Europe. So, European customers, the OEMs would continue 
to be our prime area of growth within the Rope segment. 
But at the cost of repetition, we would continue to focus on every part 
because we have the capacity now. We want to ramp up our volumes, and we 
do not want to ignore any segment or any geography. I think things should 
get better. You will see the volume as well as the top line should start growing 
value-wise in the coming quarters based on all these initiatives. 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Thank you for your time and all the detailed responses.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Jasdeep Walia from 
Clockvine Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 9 of 21 
 
 
 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Hi, sir could you tell us about trends in volumes in India, US and Europe in the 
third quarter, which has just gone by? This is only about Wire Ropes? 
Abhijit Paul: 
Going with the volumes, you want to know 9 months figure, right? 
Jasdeep Walia: 
No. In the third quarter, how was the volume growth in India, US and Europe 
in Wire Ropes business? 
Abhijit Paul: 
Year-on-year, this quarter, we did around 13,000 tons in India. This is again 
around 12,000 tons in the Q3 of FY25. So roughly, I would say, around 5% 
growth over last year Q3. On the European side, it is more or less flat at a 
similar level, a bit on the lower side and US growth of 5% to 8%. 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Got it. And what is the reason that growth in India has been less than 
expectations in the last quarter? I think management had said that last 
quarter was subdued because of monsoons, and hence, the volume growth 
will come back in third quarter. But this quarter also, we see mid-single-digit 
kind of growth in India and Europe is flat. What are the reasons driving this 
subdued growth in volumes? 
Shreya Jhawar: 
Overall, in the domestic market, we are seeing growth in the value-added 
categories like, for example, Elevator Rope where in the domestic market with 
the Tier 2, Tier 3 cities coming up, we are seeing growth in that segment. Even 
in the Port segment, we have reasonable market share, but we are seeing 
growth there. 
Where the growth has been slightly slower is on the GP Rope segment and 
more of the low-value Wire Rope segment, as we mentioned before, when we 
focus more on the value-added side, the overall productivity of the plant 
decreases. So, we have to make a choice as to where we want to focus our 
energy. 
So there are certain low-value general purpose Wire Ropes where realizations 
are not as attractive and because our focus is on the value-added side, that is 
some area that we have seen volumes stay stable or decreasing. 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 10 of 21 
 
 
 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Got it. And is higher competition in low-value GP Ropes also the reason why 
margins have gone down, and hence, you are not interested in growing that 
business? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
In the domestic market, other than a few selected areas is not because of 
competition but because of strategic choice we have made, whether to 
produce those products on those machines or if I have the opportunity, to 
produce value-added products that gives us a higher contribution on a 
particular line of product. 
And that choice we have made. So it is not that we are losing on price to 
competition. It is a deliberate policy that if I have orders of the higher value-
added products, we focus on servicing those customers. But even the 
domestic market has been subdued. It has not been so aggressive on the GP 
Rope market. From Q4FY26 onwards, we are seeing a pickup of demand, and 
we should be able to get better volumes in the coming quarters. 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rupesh Tatiya from 
Long Equity Partners. Please go ahead. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations Rajeev ji for a very good 
set of numbers. My question is on the CBAM issue - the Carbon Border 
Adjustment Mechanism that Europe has come up with. I think it became 
applicable from January '26. And I think in the FTA also there was no sort of 
relief on this front. 
And I think steel is one of the major industries and is basically the target 
industry under this. Is there any impact of this on us? Do we need to change 
some source of steel? How we procure steel? Can you give some color around 
that? 
Shreya Jhawar: 
On the CBAM issue, if we look at our product line, it is Wire Ropes and Wires. 
So, Wire Ropes comes under section 7312, which as part of the definitive 
period in January 2026 not included yet because it is a more downstream 
complex steel product, which will likely get included in the 2028 cycle. So, 
from a Wire Rope standpoint, we are not impacted yet. 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 11 of 21 
 
 
 
On the Wire standpoint, which comes under Code 7217, that is something 
that is included. Most of the wires that we supply is largely in the domestic 
market in the United Kingdom, which is not included and some small volumes, 
maybe around 100 to 200 tons annually in the European market. So, for that 
small volume, it comes into effect from this year. 
We are doing all of the calculations, which need to be submitted on an annual 
basis from February '27. And we are doing all the necessary calculations, 
working with our customers to understand what the impact would be and 
taking necessary actions. 
As of now, it is a very small volume for us, so not a meaningful impact. But we 
are making all the preparations required for when larger part of our products 
get included and for Wire Rope, which also will probably get included in the 
coming 2 years. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
What sort of changes do we have to do from 2028? And does it sort of reduce 
our competitive advantage in the sense that India has one of the lower steel 
prices. Does it give some advantage to European manufacturers? Any color 
you can give around that? And what exactly do we have to do to not have to 
give any levy for the CBAM? 
Shreya Jhawar: 
Yes. What we are doing now is even though this is 2 years ahead, we are 
starting to do the calculations, both of direct and indirect emissions for the 
product to understand what actually could be the potential financial impact. 
So even though we are statutorily not required to do the submission, we are 
still doing the calculation. So, we get an estimate of what that impact would 
look like. 
Now what we have to do is look at, okay, how do we minimize this impact 
going forward, right? So that might mean that we look at dedicated lines 
within the plant, which are more - already green manufacturing that can help 
us reduce this emission. We have already taken up a project to set up a 4-
megawatt solar power plant in the Ranchi plant. So that can be more 
dedicated to these lines for which we supply to the European market.  
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 12 of 21 
 
 
 
These are some of the initiatives. Once we have a decent understanding of 
the impact, we will use these initiatives to see how we can overall minimize it 
so that the overall financial impact and burden on us is reduced to the 
maximum extent possible. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So, it is a solvable problem. Is that the right takeaway from this? 
Shreya Jhawar: 
Yes, definitely. And ultimately, CBAM is not just applicable to us, it will be 
applicable to everyone else as well, right? To that extent, it is not a significant 
competitive disadvantage to us, but we still want to take all the necessary 
actions in place to make sure we are prepared. And this is a journey we 
started a few years ago already with trying to see what all we can do in the 
plant to minimize our emissions. So that is a journey that will continue and 
now we have put the accelerator on it as well. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
The second question is Ranchi capex. Where are we on the ramp-up? I do not 
remember now how much capacity was there. What is the capacity utilization? 
How will you see FY '27 playing out? How will the value mix move? Some color 
around Ranchi capex ramp up? 
Abhijit Paul: 
We took a capacity addition of 40,000 tons in ropes and wire at our Ranchi 
facility. That includes, 19,000 tons of rope and 21,000 tons of wire. So, our 
rope capacity at Ranchi and Hoshiarpur was around 72,000 tons before these 
additions. And with this 19,000 tons addition, it will be around 91,000 tons. 
And our capacity utilization in Ranchi facility is around 75% at the moment, 
after this addition. That is related to the rope capacity. 
On the wire front, in Ranchi facility after this addition of 20,000 will be 
roughly 75,000 tons, where we will be having around 78% capacity utilization. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So, this 75% capacity utilization is a consolidated capacity utilization. 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
You asked for the Ranchi plant. So this is about the Ranchi plant. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. And final question, Rajiv ji is, we are now net cash positive, what an 
amazing journey. I think most of the issues are sorted. So are there any large 
virgin markets or large virgin product categories that we are working on and 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 13 of 21 
 
 
 
that can take us from, I do not know, INR2,500 crore revenue in wire ropes to, 
let us say, INR4,000 crore revenue in two, three years. 
What is the strategic road map looking like? How are we seeing the new 
segments? Any color around that would be very helpful. 
Shreya Jhawar: 
Yes, definitely. As you mentioned, we have a net cash position of about 
INR200 crore, and that is continuously growing. So, we are constantly thinking 
about how we will continue to invest and the priority would be to continue to 
reinvest in the business. And as we mentioned, we want to do all of the capex 
from our internal accruals as well.  
In terms of demand, we do see demand across some product categories 
where capacity is still a constraint today. We are continuing to deploy 
targeted capex in those areas, primarily around brownfield projects or 
debottlenecking projects where we feel that returns will be attractive. And 
the capex of this would be around INR250 crore to INR300 crore level. At the 
same time, we are also looking at inorganic opportunities that will help us 
build markets for the capacities that we have created. 
We are present virtually across all markets, but in certain areas, for example, 
in Europe, our presence is primarily in certain regions, whether it be 
Netherlands, in the England, Scotland area as well as in the Spain area. But 
there are so many other markets in Europe, be it Germany, where we are 
seeing some growth and other markets in Europe as well where there is still 
an opportunity for growth.  
So, we will look at both inorganic and organic opportunities that will help us 
build those markets. And of course, as part of our overall capital allocation 
plan as well, we might also look at greenfield opportunities if that makes 
sense. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
And just a quick question on Parvatmala Project, I think I saw Adani got a 
contract, maybe three to six months ago. When can we realistically expect 
first commercial order for the Parvatmala Project? And what kind of range or 
size are we looking at for that order? 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 14 of 21 
 
 
 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
The Parvatmala Projects, there are a few contracts which have been issued. In 
these projects wire rope procurement is at the last stage. We are in touch 
with all the people who have won the projects, be it in Prayagraj, Adani and 
others and they are also in touch with us. 
But I think it will not be before next two to three years, that we see the first 
supply happening to these projects, because these projects take minimum 
three to five years to come to a level where they start buying the wire ropes. 
So we are in the initial stages, but I am happy to say that a few of them are in 
constant dialogue with us, and we are working to supply all the details to 
them, work with them. And hopefully, let us see if we can get a few orders in 
the next couple of years. 
Rupesh Tatiya:  
Thank you for answering all my questions. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Prolin Nandu, from 
Edelweiss Public Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
Prolin Nandu: 
I just wanted to understand some of the color that you have already 
mentioned on the volume growth and the kind of initiatives that we are 
taking. Are these initiatives something that will show result as early as 
Q4FY26? Or do you think this will take a slightly longer time? And the broader 
question that I am looking for is that, if I look at your previous outlook, our 
company should have a steady growth in terms of growth of top line, at least 
in 12% to 15%, is what you had alluded to right?  
So should we return back to that run rate, at least in FY '27 onwards? Or do 
you think, that is going to be a challenging thing for us? 
Shreya Jhawar: 
On the volume side, we should see a gradual ramp-up from Q4 and then in 
the next financial year it should definitely be better, based on some of the 
inquiries as well as order pipeline that we were mentioning. If you look at the 
past three years CAGR of the wire and ropes business on a volume 
standpoint, we will see that it has been around 11% to 12% range.  
Where the degrowth has happened is on the LRPC side. Even on a nine month 
basis, if we look overall, volume growth was 5%, but wire and ropes combined 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 15 of 21 
 
 
 
is at 8% levels. That being said, we know that there is still scope for 
improvement. Ropes capacity globally at about 145,000 tons now and we are 
at 74% - 75% utilization overall. So, there is still a lot of room for growth. We 
have the capacities. And with all of the initiatives, we should see by Q4FY26 
slow pickup and then overall further pickup in FY27 as well. 
On the revenue standpoint as well on the Wire and Ropes side based on the 
forecast for this year, if you look at the three-year CAGR from FY24 to FY26 
on the Wire and Rope side, again it is about 10% to 11% roughly around what 
we had guided. And then on the LRPC side where the market has become a 
more commodity market, so that is something where we see degrowth, which 
again brings down the overall number. 
Going forward, again, on a revenue standpoint, in the next year, we do expect 
early double-digit growth for sure. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Okay. That is very helpful, Shreya ji. Where I was coming from is that, if I look 
at your operating EBITDA number. We are at that INR600 crore run rate. We 
were at INR600 crore in FY24. In FY'25, we were also at INR600 crore. Maybe 
this year, also best we will do is end up at that number. right? So, three years 
of flattish EBITDA. My question is that is there any risk that you see to 
percentage EBITDA margin, per ton EBITDA margin next year that could still 
keep the EBITDA growth lower than the top line volume growth that you just 
alluded to? 
Shreya Jhawar: 
Yes. On an overall EBITDA level, if you see last year, we were operating EBITDA 
of about INR597 crore, this year in the 9 months itself, we are at INR494 crore. 
And last 2 quarters, we have had about INR175 crore, INR176 crore.. So, at a 
minimum, we should see not a INR600 crore level, for sure, definitely more in 
the INR680 crore, INR700 crore range is what we see for the year. 
So from a INR600 crore base over the last few years to INR680 crore, INR700 
crore is definitely a growth on an EBITDA standpoint. But yes, on the revenue 
standpoint, we definitely have more work to do, 100% agreement on that and 
with all of the initiatives that we mentioned, we should see that coming as 
well, while maintaining our margins at the 19% to 20% level. 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 16 of 21 
 
 
 
Prolin B. Nandu: 
Thanks a lot and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Kartikeya Kumar 
Pandey from 360 One Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kartikeya Pandey: 
I just wanted to understand few things. With most of the capex over, what is 
your vision for the next 2 to 3 years, if you could give me some light on that, 
like how much capex are you going to do, some numbers? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
On the capex, as mentioned earlier, we have a few areas where we see growth 
and demand coming up, both in the domestic and export market, particularly 
on the value-added products like elevator, like crane ropes, port cranes and 
some for the oil offshore and even on the ocean fiber business. So, to 
maintain a 10% to 12% to 15% volume growth, we believe the capex should 
be between INR 250 crore and INR 300 crore per year. To have this capex in 
the next 2 to 3 years, we expect between INR250 crore to INR300 crore, 
including maintenance capex every year. 
Kartikeya Pandey: 
What will be your maintenance capex number, if you could just give it? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
The maintenance capex number would be around INR50 crore a year. 
Kartikeya Pandey: 
Okay. And I just want to understand what is the kind of mix between the 3 
segments,  when you think of your business like 2 to 3 years down the line, 
what is the segment, the ratio that you think should be the optimal for your 
business? 
Shreya Jhawar: 
Yes. Definitely, going forward, like we mentioned, LRPC because it is become 
a commodity market that will become a much lower percentage in terms of 
volume and the growth is going to come from Wire Ropes and Wires. If we see 
Ropes right now is around 73% of our top line that would keep growing in the 
next 3 years, around 75% - 76% at the least. And Wires would also keep 
growing as we are going into more high-value wires as well as overall 
increasing our wire volumes by more export volume other than the domestic, 
which we have been doing. 
On the LRPC side, while we will not see that volume growth because the black 
LRPC, which is a commodity market. On the plasticated LRPC side, as we 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 17 of 21 
 
 
 
mentioned, as the approvals come in and our volume start to go up as the 
projects get executed, I think that is an area of focus. Right now, we have a 
capacity of about 6,000 tonnes per annum, and we will look to further expand 
that as well as the approvals for our various customers coming. 
Kartikeya Pandey: 
Basically, Wire and Wire Rope segment is expected to grow at around 10% to 
11%, is what you are saying right? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
The Rope segment should grow with all the capex in place and the various 
initiatives which we have taken to develop newer geographies and newer 
products should grow by about 10% to 12%. And the Wire segment, as we 
have seen growing by about 20% this year. This momentum should continue 
with more and more of the value-added wire products, which we are trying to 
develop both for the domestic and export market. So, these will be the key 
drivers. And together, an average would be close to around 12% to 15% of 
volume growth in the Wire and Rope segment combined. 
Kartikeya Pandey: 
Okay. Understood, And in this quarter, you are seeing some good amount of 
price hikes in steel and as well as price increase in zinc as a commodity. So, 
what could be any impact in the coming quarter that you can highlights on 
margins? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
I think the Wire and the LRPC is generally pass-through in nature. Any steel 
price increase or decrease is always passed on to the customers and we have 
already started seeing the price increase as the steel price on these products. 
On the Wire Rope front, I think we, as always seen in the previous last few 
years also that because of our overall mix and price management, we are able 
to ensure our protection of margins. So even if the steel price increase, we are 
hopeful of remaining between the 19% - 20% margins what we have 
indicated earlier. 
Kartikeya Pandey: 
Right. And it will not have that specific on volume, if I if I get a sense on 
business? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
No, it does not impact the volumes. 
Kartikeya Pandey: 
Okay. 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 18 of 21 
 
 
 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Sucrit D. Patel, from Eyesight 
Fintrade Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sucrit Patel: 
Good morning to the team. I have 2 questions. My first question is, as you 
have outlined your road map in the commentary so far. I just want to 
understand the key trade-off the management is currently navigating across 
Usha Martins core Wire Rope and Cable programs. 
For example, between capacity allocation, delivery timelines and margin 
optimization, what internal thresholds or early demand signals would prompt 
you to recalibrate your current plan of action if the conditions shift? 
Shreya Jhawar: 
Of course, with the constant balance between value-added segment and 
volume growth, right? So that is a constant balance that we have to strike. 
And as we mentioned, for the value-added growth, we have a more advanced 
order book because the delivery timelines, etc for those are a little bit longer 
and the requirements are also more customized. 
But in situations where in months we do not see, for example, a lot of traction 
on the value-added segment, we recalibrate our approach and focus more on 
the GP Rope side because ultimately, we want to get to the overall volume 
level and ensure efficient utilization of all of our assets. We are constantly 
balancing between the two, and on a month-on-month basis, depending on 
the demand pipeline, we take that call. 
Sucrit Patel: 
My second question is to Mr. Paul. Again, forward-looking one. From a 
monitoring standpoint, how are the early operational or financial indicators 
you track internally could signal either upside or also pressure on the margin 
in the cash flow before they show up on the reported numbers? I just want to 
understand your view on this, on the tracking part of it. 
Abhijit Paul: 
So overall, we track the net working capital numbers. That is one key numbers 
that we track on a monthly basis, basically inventory management and 
receivables management. These are the 2 areas where we are continuously 
focusing, and that is yielding our good improvement in the cash flows. So on 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 19 of 21 
 
 
 
the cash flow side, these are the 2 areas we constantly monitor to ensure that 
cash conversion is positive. 
Shreya Jhawar: 
Just to add to that, a few KPIs that overall, we track as a group is, of course, 
around our volume growth, around our top line growth. Third is around our 
conversion of EBITDA to operating cash flow. We want to maintain that above 
95% at all times. And right now, we are at 114% for the 9 months. And the 
fourth KPI that we have as an organization is our ROCE, which is right now 
20% and our long-term goal for that is 25%. 
Sucrit Patel: 
Thank you, and best of luck for the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Anil Yadav from Axe Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Anil Yadav: 
Good morning and congratulations on the set of numbers. My first question 
is, if we look at our overall Wire Ropes sales volume in tonnage terms, could 
you please help us understand what proportion is currently coming from 
value-added specialty Wire Ropes? Additionally, how does this segment 
compare in realization versus standard Wire Ropes products? 
Abhijit Paul: 
Wire Ropes is 73% of our total turnover. And within Wire Ropes, 70% is value 
added. And if you see the difference in margin, the difference is around 1 lakh 
in margin between a general rope and elevator rope - on an average. 
Anil Yadav: 
Okay. Within the total Wire Ropes production mix, could you share the 
approximate tonnage per attributable specifically to elevator ropes? And if 
possible, what would be the average relation per tonne for this category 
compared to the blended wire rope realization? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
We generally do not share sector-wise volume details, what we really share is 
between the GP rope and the value added as 2 separate segments. Within 
that, we do not share individual details. 
Shreya Jhawar: 
On the top line side, elevator is about 9% to 10% of the overall top line. On 
the volume side, we do not split it up by any segment. We do not share that. 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 20 of 21 
 
 
 
Anil Yadav: 
Okay. Understood. And my last question is out of total Wires Ropes volume, 
how much tonnage would be locked coil wire that is LCWR. Further, could you 
provide some perspective on how much of that LCWR volume is currently tied 
to infrastructure programs such as Parvatmala or similar OPA projects. 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
As mentioned to you for the previous question, we will not get into individual 
segment-wise reporting for individual sectors like this. And we always look 
into between the specialized and non-specialized. And that is how our 
reporting is done, and individual sector-wise, we do not have those numbers 
disclosed. 
Anil Yadav: 
Thank you so much. Thank you for taking my question and time. 
Shreya Jhawar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we take the last question from the line of Rajesh 
Agarwal from Moneyore. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
My question on any further scope of working capital improvement? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
Of course, working capital, like our CFO mentioned, in last 1 year, we have 
reduced by almost INR97 crore by tightening common with all our business 
entities as a part of One Usha Martin are on a common digital platform, and 
that is helping us to track our receivables and the inventory and the quality of 
inventory. So this is an ongoing exercise. And we hope that this should 
continue to get better in the coming quarters also. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Can you quantify a number of days? In this presentation, it was 199 days. So 
can it come down to 175, 180 days? 
Abhijit Paul: 
We are always trying to do that. So now our target is to reduce to at least 180 
days. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
And second question, the value addition will improve going further. So, is 
there a scope of margin improvement also? 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
As we mentioned earlier also that our margin which had come down to about 
16%, 17% or 16%, 16.5% - in last 2 quarters, we are at around 19%. On the 
product mix improvement, we would be between 19% to 20%, that is our 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 

 
 
 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Call  
   Page 21 of 21 
 
 
 
target. And beyond that, I feel that if you try to keep on increasing that, you 
start losing your volumes and market share. So, we would like to try to 
maintain increased volume with the EBITDA between 19% to 20%. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
And sir, the last question on the labor code. The onetime provision has been 
done. So, every quarter, the employee costs will increase from here or it will 
remain the same? 
Abhijit Paul: 
No, no. So there are onetime costs due to retrospective effect. There will be 
some increase in the gratuity expenditures going forward, but that will be less 
than a crore in a year. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Okay. It will not be much? 
Abhijit Paul: 
No, it will not be much. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we conclude the question-and-answer 
session. I now hand the conference over to the management for their closing 
comments. 
Rajeev Jhawar: 
I would like to thank everyone for attending this call and showing interest in 
Usha Martin Limited. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. 
The company is dedicated to creating value for its stakeholders in a 
sustainable manner. Should you need any further clarification or would you 
like to know more about the company, please feel free to reach out to us or to 
CDR India. Thank you once again for taking the time to join us on this call and 
see you in the next quarter.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Usha Martin Limited, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors.  The transcript has been 
edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has 
been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
1 1 USHA 
.'-' MARTIN 
