February 19, 2026 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Code: 500135 
Trading Symbol: EPL 
 
Sub. :  Transcript of the Conference Call - EPL Limited (“Company”) 
  
Ref. :  1.  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) (“SEBI LODR 
Regulations”) 
 
 
2.  ISIN: INE255A01020 
 
Sir/ Madam,  
 
In furtherance of our intimation(s) dated February 6, 2026 and February 13, 2026, we are 
enclosing herewith, the Transcript of the conference call for the Analysts/ Investors, which 
was held on February 13, 2026, to discuss the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended on  
December 31, 2025 (“said transcript”).   
 
The said transcript is also made available on the website of the Company i.e. at 
https://www.eplglobal.com/investors/shareholder-information/  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For EPL Limited 
 
 
 
Onkar Ghangurde 
Head - Legal, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.: A30636 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
ONKAR DEEPAK 
GHANGURDE
Digitally signed by ONKAR 
DEEPAK GHANGURDE 
Date: 2026.02.19 21:26:19 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“EPL Limited Q3 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HEMANT BAKSHI - MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
GLOBAL CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, EPL LIMITED 
MR. M. R. RAMASAMY - CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, 
EPL LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK GOYAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
EPL LIMITED 
MR. THOMAS STEPHEN - PRESIDENT, AMESA REGION, 
EPL LIMITED 
MR. ONKAR GHANGURDE – HEAD - LEGAL, COMPANY 
SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER, EPL LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRATIK THOLIYA - SYSTEMATIX SHARES AND 
STOCKS LIMITED 

 
EPL Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the EPL Limited Q3 FY'26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Systematix Shares and Stocks Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Tholiya of Systematix Shares and Stocks Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Thanks, Anushka. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, I 
would like to welcome all the participants who have logged in to this conference call of EPL for 
3rd Quarter and 9-month ending FY'26 Earnings Call. 
From the Management Team, we have with us Mr. Hemant Bakshi – MD and Global CEO; Mr. 
M. R. Ramasamy – COO; Mr. Deepak Goyal – CFO; Mr. Thomas Stephen President – AMESA 
Region and Mr. Onkar Ghangurde – Head - Legal, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer. 
At the outset, I would like to thank the Management for giving us this opportunity to host this 
conference call. 
I would now like to welcome Mr. Hemant Bakshi and ask him to begin the proceedings of this 
call. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Hemant Bakshi: 
Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us for EPL Limited's Q3 FY'26 Earnings 
Call. This is the first Earnings Call that I am addressing as the CEO and I am delighted to be 
here 
Over the past 3 months, I have visited our plants in India, China, USA, Mexico, Poland, Germany 
and Thailand. This has given me an opportunity to spend meaningful time with our teams, 
interact with our key customers and engage with our partners. These interactions have given me 
deeper understanding of our operational strengths, the quality of our talent and the opportunities 
that lie ahead of us. I am truly excited with where we are as a business and even more so for 
what the future holds for us. 
I am pleased to share that we have delivered another strong and consistent quarter. Revenue 
grew by 13.3%, EBITDA grew by 12% and EBITDA margin stood at 20.1%. ROCE improved 
to 18.7%, expanding by 184 basis points year-on-year. This is the 3rd Quarter of double-digit 
growth, clearly showing that our strategy to accelerate Beauty & Cosmetic growth is working 
and is being executed with rigor and discipline across the organization. Our consolidated revenue 

 
EPL Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
growth of 13.3% was broad based with double digit growth in 3 of our 4 regions. EAP and 
Americas delivered particularly strong performance, growing 18% and 19% respectively, 
supported by improved mix and customer momentum. AMESA grew 10% while India 
standalone recorded a solid growth of 8.7% aided by continued traction in Beauty & Cosmetic 
segment. Growth in Europe was lower than our expectation at 8%. The Beauty & Cosmetic 
segment continued to outperform delivering 26% year-on-year growth in line with our strategic 
focus to grow faster in this category. All regions delivered nearly 20% growth, materially 
outperforming the market and highlighting accelerating market share gains. 
EBITDA margin stood at 20.1%, 20 basis points lower than last year but firmly within our target 
operating range. Margins improved across all regions except Europe where performance was 
impacted by short term operational issues and adverse mix. We are confident of returning to 
targeted mid-teen margins in the coming quarters. Profit after tax is flat versus last year due to 
the one-off benefit in the base. Excluding this, PAT grew by 11% in line with EBITDA growth. 
The cash flow continues to be strong with net debt to EBITDA ratio at 0.65 while ROCE 
expanded by 184 basis points versus last year and stood at 18.7%. Sustainability and innovation 
remain central to our growth agenda. During the quarter, sustainable tube formats contributed 
38% of sales reflecting sustained customer adoption.  
We were recognized among the top 2% globally on CDP Climate and Water A List 2025 and 
received the CII Sustainable Packaging Excellence Award, underscoring our leadership in 
sustainability. In parallel, our focus on innovation was recognized through multiple awards at 
the IFCA Awards and Pure Beauty Awards Europe for our innovative tube solutions. Some of 
our most exciting innovations like tube-in-tube formats in China are getting to scale and 
command a 8x premium over standard tubes. 
Now looking ahead, our priorities are clear to deliver sustainable, profitable, double-digit growth 
guided by four priorities that will shape the next phase. One, accelerating momentum in Beauty 
& Cosmetics. Our deliberate strategic shift towards Beauty & Cosmetics is translating into 
sustained performance. We have now delivered four consecutive quarters of over 20% growth 
in this segment with non-oral accounting for 53% of our total portfolio. With continued 
investments in innovation, extruded solutions, front-end specialization and new technologies, 
we see strong headroom to sustain and scale this momentum. Number two, scaling in high-
growth emerging markets. Emerging markets continue to be an important growth driver. Brazil 
has been a consistent outperformer. Thailand is gaining traction and we remain focused on 
building scale and capabilities in these markets to drive long-term growth while also exploring 
other markets which remain a white space for us. Number three, sustainability as a growth 
enabler. Sustainability is increasingly influencing customer choice and our capabilities are well 
aligned with this shift. With 38% of our sales coming from sustainable tube formats and 
recognition through EcoVadis Platinum, we are well positioned to deepen relationships with 
global customers and win incremental share. Number four, margin expansion and capital 

 
EPL Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
efficiency. Margin discipline remains a core focus. We have delivered six consecutive quarters 
of 20% plus EBITDA margins and we expect gradual improvement through scale benefits. 
Europe margin initiatives and targeted operational initiatives at the same time are focused on 
capital efficiencies yielding results with ROCE improving to 18.7% and we remain confident in 
our journey to consistently improve ROCE. To sum up, this quarter demonstrates our ability to 
execute with discipline in a dynamic environment. We are growing profitably, strengthening 
returns and building a resilient future ready business. I would like to thank our teams for their 
disciplined execution, our customers for their continued trust and our shareholders for their 
confidence in EPL. And I must end by saying the best is yet to come. 
With that, we are now happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We take the first 
question from the line of Mihir Shah from Nomura. Please proceed. 
Mihir Shah: 
Hi team, congrats on a great set of numbers. Thank you for taking my question. Firstly, just 
wanted to check what drove the strong AMESA growth, especially in B&C? Was it any new 
subcategory that you have got share from or a new clientele? Or was there any element of 
restocking post the GST changes that happened there? Also, an update on oral care in India, 
which continues to see headwinds as we saw in the market leader's results. Can you break up the 
growth of B&C and oral care for us in India? That's my first question. 
Hemant Bakshi: 
I think, firstly, India continues to be a very attractive market for us with category growth. We 
have always maintained that India will come back to growth as soon as the impact of the earlier 
quarters, which were due to one-off like GST. This quarter is definitely a step in the right 
direction. We are seeing momentum in B&C category and oral is gradually coming back. We 
are confident of continuing and improving this growth trend even further. Focusing more on 
B&C, I think what we are doing is expanding our customer base, reaching more and more 
customers. Most of them are coming to us because of the high quality products we offer. And 
we definitely see that there is significant runway for further growth. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it. I have a further one on India, but I'll probably come back for India. Moving on to China, 
despite the unit closure, the sales saw an increase. Firstly, what was the reason for the unit 
closure? And ex of Thailand, what was the growth for EAP? Next quarter also, there can be an 
impact because of Chinese New Year. So, ex of that, can one expect this strong growth to sustain 
at these levels? Like we saw when you had entered Brazil and we saw the growth in America 
took off from there. So, similar trajectory can we expect for EAP from year on with Thailand 
getting added? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
So, Mihir, firstly, let me address the question on the factory closure. The China factory closure 
was driven by customer filling facility movement closer to another EPL plant. Accordingly, we 

 
EPL Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
moved our equipment from one facility to another existing facility we had. However, it did mean 
that we had to pay severance cost here and that has been shown in our results as well. So, this 
was purely because of a customer initiated action. As far as EAP is concerned on an overall 
basis, we commercialized our Thailand plant in this quarter itself, Quarter 3. And therefore, 
Thailand is a very exciting market. In fact, Southeast Asia is a very exciting market, very high 
consumption level. And we are very confident and excited about the results we will get in 
Thailand. But to be fair, in this quarter, it's been scaling up. And therefore, the results which you 
see here are driven entirely by our incredibly good performance in China. And you can see from 
our results, we are building significant momentum in B&C in China and gaining share. And we 
see this momentum continuing. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it. And if I can put in one last question, you highlighted that the best is yet to come. If you 
can just touch a little bit deeper on what do you entail by this? Because two things. One is that, 
if you see the America's growth of strong double-digit growth, it will start cycling a higher base 
from next year onwards from FY'24. So, growth there can normalize. Secondly, the margins 
have come back to 20%+. So, room for further improvement can be lower from here. So, when 
you say best is yet to come, can you elaborate a little more on that? That's all from my side. And 
thank you very much. 
Hemant Bakshi: 
Now, I think, Mihir, I'm really confident and very excited about the pivot we've made 
strategically towards B&C. If you look at B&C and compare it with Oral, B&C market size is 
twice that of Oral. It's growing at twice the rate of Oral. And in addition to that, our market 
shares in B&C are relatively lower. So, if we were to double our market share, which is very 
well within our reach in the next few years, we have a runway for growth which is higher than 
what we've seen so far. So, I feel B&C and the move towards B&C makes for a really exciting 
future for EPL. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it. Thank you. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. Please 
proceed. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi. Good evening, sir. And first of all, congratulations on a good set of numbers and thanks for 
taking my question. First question is on Europe. So, revenue growth has kind of come back. It's 
not still at a level which you mentioned is still below expectations, but it's still a decent number 
and margins still have witnessed a sharp contraction. Overall, this has been a troubled geography, 
volatile performance. So, you've had some interventions, but we are yet to see those results. So, 
just wanted your sense as to what is happening in this geography. And I know you mentioned in 
the presentation, but a little more details here? 

 
EPL Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Hemant Bakshi: 
Sameer, very good to hear from you. And I think your question is valid. So, firstly, when 8% is 
good growth, but our expectation in this quarter was for even higher growth and therefore our 
plan etc. were constructed on that basis. And that's why we are saying it's below our expectation. 
So, as I was mentioning, our growth was below our expectation, although to be fair, in Europe 
kind of environment, 8% is good growth. But our challenges were adverse customer mix. In 
addition to that, we were impacted by short-term operational challenges, which are in the nature 
of higher write-off, higher outsourcing and some production issues as well. Also, Quarter 3 tends 
to be a slower quarter in Europe because of Christmas and hence the lower margin. Last year, of 
course, was helped by one-time gains, which we had in the business. Having said that, the more 
important thing is we've identified key initiatives, which will address these issues and will 
improve margins. We should start seeing the benefits of these in the coming quarters. And we 
are confident that going forward, Europe will operate at mid-teen margins. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sir, if you could elaborate those initiatives, it would be helpful. 
Hemant Bakshi: 
So, these are operational initiatives in terms of the actions we are taking as we consolidate some 
of our operations, which were planned. We will be taking very significant actions to reduce some 
of the costs, which we've seen emerge as a result of these operational issues. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Thanks for this. My second question is on AMESA, taking it forward from here. So, 
the growth here has rebounded after four consecutive quarters, is there an element of negative 
pricing which has got anniversarized now? Or do you see a pickup in oral care, because we are 
yet to see any meaningful uplift in the market leader's performance? So, just wondering how 
sustainable this growth number is, if you could address that? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
I don't think there is any pricing advantage in these numbers. Having said that, I think the key 
issue is we are seeing early recovery signs in oral care. Obviously, you will see it will take some 
time for it to fully recover. But definitely, this quarter has been better and we feel that momentum 
will start turning and become positive. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. That's all from me. I'll come back in the queue for any follow-ups. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line-up of Amit Aggarwal from Leeway 
Investments. Please proceed. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Hello. Good afternoon. Can you bifurcate the raw material expenses between polymer and 
aluminium raw materials? And how do you see our margins shaping up in the next one year if 
the polymer prices go up in the next one year? 
Deepak Goyal: 
So, Amit, our effort has been to make our margins delinked from the commodity prices. And we 
have taken multiple initiatives to achieve that objective. We review our customer margins, gross 

 
EPL Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
margins on a monthly basis. We are mostly on a pass-through basis. And hence, 50% of our 
business is on pass-through basis. Balance 50% is negotiated when the prices go up. Today, our 
ability to have those discussions with our customers, as soon as we start seeing the upward 
movement in prices is much higher because of the internal processes that we have set up. And 
hence, our expectation is, as the prices go up, our margins should not get impacted. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Can you bifurcate the raw material expenses in percentage terms between aluminum and 
polymer? 
Deepak Goyal: 
See, polymer is a significantly higher part of our raw material cost. Aluminum is much smaller 
also because now we are more and more moving towards plastic-based laminate. And hence, 
polymer remains our largest raw material, though I obviously wouldn't be able to give you an 
exact percentage of both the raw materials. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
And any particular reason that net debt has increased in the last one quarter or one year? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
This is just phasing. So, in this quarter, we do a dividend payout. And we have some accelerated 
CAPEX spending. This is a timing impact and should get corrected on a full year basis. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
My last question is regarding Thailand. How much of the capacity has been utilized till now? 
And what is the assumption in the next one year, how much capacity are you going to use in the 
next one year in Thailand? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
I think to be fair, Thailand is just starting. We commercialized the plant in November of this 
quarter, which the results we are talking about. It's really early days in Thailand. It's a very 
attractive market as we spoke about earlier. And I think we should give it some time as it scales 
up. And I'm sure we'll have a deeper conversation on Thailand as time goes by. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Okay, thank you. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Meet Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please 
proceed. 
Meet Jain: 
Hello, sir. I have one question on your operation. So, as we've seen and also guided that there 
are some operation issues happening in that. So, in terms of demand front, how are we seeing 
the demand? As we understand that for the B&C market, it will be one of the largest markets. 
So, any new product launches that we are planning or how is the traction in terms of demand 
that we are seeing there? Also, if you can throw some light on the current mix of the Beauty & 
Cosmetic and Oral care in the market? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
So, I think we are very excited by the performance we are seeing in Beauty & Cosmetics. We've 
had multiple quarters of 20% plus growth. And even in this quarter, each of our regions are close 

 
EPL Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
to 20% or ahead of 20% growth. So, I think we are seeing a lot of positive momentum in this 
space. And as I was mentioning earlier, this is a very attractive market, large, fast-growing, 
where our capabilities become very relevant. Some of our very interesting innovations which 
are coming out of different parts of the world, including China, are getting to traction. I spoke 
about Tube-in-Tube, which we've talked about earlier. But also, other applicators which we are 
using are getting a lot of customer positive response. So, overall, we feel very positive and 
confident of B&C and the demand in that space. 
Meet Jain: 
Understood. And also, one bookkeeping question in terms of debt itself. So, currently, we are 
doing an interest cost of around Rs. 28 crores. So, can you throw some light on the current 
outlook? Will it come down? How do you see the interaction going in this part? 
Deepak Goyal: 
So, Meet, we will continue with our gradual reduction of debt. And interest cost will show the 
consequential benefit. However, we prioritize growth. And growth is the biggest priority for the 
company. And hence, we will keep investing in our growth priorities as well. 
Meet Jain: 
Understood. And lastly, on the current momentum. We are in the middle of the last quarter. So, 
how is the performance in the economic geographies right now? Can you throw some light on 
that? 
Deepak Goyal: 
Our long-term guidance remains unchanged, which is double-digit revenue growth. We've 
delivered it now consistently for the last few quarters. And we are confident that we will continue 
to deliver to our strategy. 
Meet Jain: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Abhishek Maheshwari from Skyridge 
Fund Managers LLP. Please proceed. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. Just a few things. So, you mentioned about the factory 
closure in China. Can you elaborate a little bit more on that? Because you said the customer 
moved, so we had to move our machines also. But does other plants have enough space to 
accommodate those machines? I mean, can you elaborate a little on that? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
Yes, Abhishek. Actually, the move has been executed already. So, we do have space in the other 
facility which we had. This is a customer-initiated change. And we've had to close because our 
customer-filling facility moved closer to another plant we already had. So, we just moved our 
machines there. We have enough space. The only impact has been on some of our employees 
where we've had to pay severance cost. But this is an action which has already been executed. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
Alright, got it. So, no capacity cuts in the sense this machine is operating elsewhere? 

 
EPL Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Hemant Bakshi: 
Yes. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
Okay. And the next question is regarding Europe. I think last quarter concall you had mentioned 
that Europe was slightly slow because a big customer was destocking. And it seems that the 
slowness has persisted this quarter also. So, what are we seeing from that customer again, the 
big customer? Has the inventory build-up started again or are we still seeing some slowdown 
there? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
There is recovery. And as you can see in the results on growth also, you can see between the two 
quarters there has been an improvement. As I mentioned earlier, our expectation was of even 
higher growth. We are beginning to see some turnaround in the customer which we spoke about. 
But there is some way to go still and we need to watch the situation carefully. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
Got it. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Smith Gala from Rspn Ventures. Please 
proceed. 
Smith Gala: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question 
is, by when can we expect some clarity on Thailand ramp-up? Because the depreciation has 
grown 3% sequentially from Rs. 94 crores to Rs. 97 crores. So do we expect any more increase 
in the near future or this is a steady state at least for the next two or three quarters? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
I think we can get back to you on Thailand as a little time passes by. As I told you, we just 
commercialized our plant in November. These are early days. It's a very, very promising market. 
And on investments, Deepak can add more to it. 
Deepak Goyal: 
So our investment philosophy continues where we invest in line with depreciation. And the 
depreciation cost, obviously because of phasing and the fallout of existing assets, can move up 
or down. But essentially, as a strategy, it will always remain lower than revenue growth. And 
that's what you see in the YTD numbers as well. Our depreciation growth is lower than the 
revenue growth. And that's what we'll continue following. 
Smith Gala: 
Okay. So next question is, in the future, after as and when Thailand ramps up, do we expect our 
revenue growth from double digits to mid-teens kind of thing? And secondly, can we expect 
some operating leverage or in future now, the revenue growth will mirror EBITDA growth going 
forward? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
So our guidance remains unchanged, which is that we will deliver sustained double-digit growth 
on revenue. And our EBITDA growth will be slightly ahead of that. So that's our guidance and 
that remains unchanged. 

 
EPL Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Smith Gala: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Yogesh Mittal, an individual investor. 
Please proceed. 
Yogesh Mittal: 
Thanks for giving me the opportunity. Sir, I have a question to ask about the operational aspect 
of the company. Please pardon my ignorance. Sir, I wanted to understand that when we make 
the empty tubes, they are shipped to the client's place and the filling and packing of that is done 
at the client's place, including the labeling and the printing, or that is done at our facility? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
We sell empty printed tubes to our customers and they do the filling at their own location. That's 
the normal conventional model which is followed. 
Yogesh Mittal: 
Right, sir. Sir, I have one more thing to ask on this. So, coming to that point of when we were 
shifting the facility in China near to the client's place, so understanding this part, then what was 
the reason to shift to the client's place? So, do I understand that we have some more coordination 
to do with the client's manufacturing where they have the contents to fill? In that, do we have a 
close coordination to do with them? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
No, I think I should clarify that our customer in this case, they decided to change their own 
filling unit. So, they were producing in one place where we were producing very close to them. 
They shut down their factory there and moved to another location and therefore we had to follow 
them. So, this was initiated by the customer and it was a customer decision. And what we can 
tell you is that there is extremely high coordination between us and our customers so that we can 
do a lot of these things in synchronization. 
Yogesh Mittal: 
Right, sir. Sir, and one thing more, please, if I may ask. So, the final means, the batch number, 
etc., those kind of printing might be done at the client's place. So, basically, other than that, all 
the product labeling is done on your empty tube and we ship to the client. Is that understanding 
right? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
Your understanding is right. 
Yogesh Mittal: 
Thank you so much for helping me out on this one. Wish you all the best. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Chirag from Keynote Capitals. Please 
proceed. 
Chirag: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is to understand what kind of operating 
margin difference there is on non-oral care and oral care products. As we are seeing the move 
and growth in Beauty & Cosmetics to be in the high double digits of more than 20%, the margin 

 
EPL Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
is expected to take a shift accordingly. So, I just wanted to understand what kind of margin 
difference is there? 
Deepak Goyal: 
So, our ASP in Beauty & Cosmetics, which is the larger part of non-oral care business, is 
significantly higher than the Oral care business. As a function of that, the per tube margin that 
we make in non-oral care or Beauty & Cosmetics is significantly higher than the Oral care. 
However, as a percentage of margin, they are roughly similar. But because the ASP is higher, 
the fixed cost absorption happens better and hence Beauty & Cosmetics or our movement to 
non-oral care is margin a bit advantageous as an overall. 
Chirag: 
So, it would be fair to assume that it is better for us to look at unit economics rather than margins 
because higher ASP, slightly higher cost. But because of operating leverage, your margins are 
slightly higher as it is balanced off. Correct? 
Deepak Goyal: 
I would say that we look at our business on a revenue basis because that becomes the equalizer. 
Beauty & Cosmetics deliver better economics on an overall P&L basis. 
Chirag: 
Sir, the second thing I wanted to understand, in the personal care category, there have been 
multiple subcategories that we have been catering. Since last 2.5 years, I am able to see that there 
is no new category being added into it. So, is it fair to assume that the width of the product that 
we wanted to manufacture, we have catered to them? Moving forward, this would be the product 
basket we would be catering to? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
I think Personal Care and Beauty & Cosmetics has multiple categories, subcategories within it. 
You can go from conditioners to shampoo to face wash, face care and then you can go into 
mascara, eyes. So, there are multiple categories in Beauty & Cosmetics and Personal Care. We 
are able to operate in all of them. So, we have capabilities and we have skills to be in all of these 
spaces and that is something which we have been executing for some time. So, it isn't like there 
is any area in which we can't be present or are not present. 
Chirag: 
Perfect. Since the time Shudhanshuji used to run this Company in 2020, we used to provide a 
regional-wide bifurcation between rural care and non-rural care, which I am not able to see in 
the last 3-4 years. So, will it be possible for you to again show those numbers? Because we are 
able to see that the growth is completely driven currently by retail cosmetics, by the initiatives 
that we have taken. So, it would be fair for us to understand this regional-wide story? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
Our understanding is that this is the information we have been disclosing for a very long period 
of time and that is what we will continue to do. In the meanwhile, we will check what is there in 
the past that anything is missed.  

 
EPL Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Deepak Goyal: 
So, that's fair. I think our business, we deliver or we provide the category-level information at a 
global level. The regional numbers at a quarterly level could be very volatile and hence may not 
be productive to discuss. However, at an overall level, we provide enough guidance to show the 
category momentum. That's what we should continue with and as Hemant said, we will look at 
what we were doing as well. 
Chirag: 
No issues, sir. Sir, one more thing. Will it be possible for you to give the capacity size in metric 
tons after the Thailand CAPEX got completed? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
Our capacity does not work in the metric tons manner. The laminates are actually in square 
meters. However, the kind of tubes that we make are very different from each other depending 
upon the size of dia, the printing etc. Hence, it will not make sense to provide a capacity in that 
metric. 
Chirag: 
No issues. That is it from our side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment 
Management. Please proceed. 
Aditya: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to get a better sense of the scale-up in Thailand. 
So when we had expanded in Brazil, we had an anchor customer with us which helped us in 
scaling up that geography faster. Is it a similar case in Thailand as well or do you think the scale-
up will be much more gradual here? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
Our model in Thailand of entry is different. This is a much more organic entry model. We 
worked in Thailand now for more than a year with the actual sales team on the ground which 
has been building a pipeline of business for us. We have a really strong and healthy pipeline. 
We will execute against that over a period of time because Thailand has been operational in this 
quarter for less than 4 weeks. So it is a bit premature to start talking about what is the 
performance and so on. You will see that come through in the next few quarters. But our model 
of entry has definitely been different and it is a very interesting new model which will open up 
many more markets for us. So yes, what we have done in Thailand is different. 
Aditya: 
Just a follow-up. Is Thailand a completely new geography for us or we were supplying to the 
geography from other manufacturing plants? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
There was some export happening from China into Thailand. We did have a connection with the 
market and tubes used to come from China. But obviously in this business, on-ground presence 
and having a manufacturing base makes a huge difference. So it is indeed a new opportunity. 

 
EPL Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Aditya: 
Understood, sir. And secondly, sir, if I look at your target for ROCE expansion from 18% to 
25%, I just wanted to get a better sense. So is it that the margins would have to do the heavy 
lifting for us to improve our ROCE or there is more capital efficiency which we can bring in in 
the business? So which of these two would be the growth driver for us for the ROCE expansion? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
So our ROCE this year has gone up. It is at 18.7%. It has gone up by 200 basis points. And we 
will continue to target to improve our ROCE year-on-year as we go forward. But we do not want 
to provide any year-level guidance on it. Having said that, there are multiple levers which can 
be deployed to improve ROCE and we will do all of them. And we will always, as I think we 
mentioned earlier, prioritize growth over all other metrics. 
Aditya: 
Understood. But sir, structurally, if I have to understand, so Beauty & Cosmetics would give us 
better margins. Our platina segment has also, I believe, better margins. So going forward, do you 
think structurally this business can operate at 20%-23% margins? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
Sir, firstly, I should clarify and I think Deepak did mention it earlier. Our B&C and oral care 
margins as a percentage are the same. So it is not that B&C has higher margins on a percentage 
basis. Of course, because the selling price is much higher, the total cash you make or the amount 
of money you make might be higher in B&C per unit, etc. Having said that, our intention is to 
grow EBITDA slightly ahead of revenue. But we will continue to prioritize growth over other 
metrics. 
Aditya: 
Understood, sir. Got it. And so just last question. Now, if I look at our target for double-digit 
revenue growth, one of the things you have mentioned is we might look for M&A opportunities. 
So just if you could help us understand, I believe we have a good amount of marketshare in oral 
care. Beauty also, we are growing. And we have manufacturing facilities in many of the major 
geographies. So just wanted to get a better sense. So are we looking at opportunities in the Beauty 
& Cosmetics or something new, kind of a packaging? Just if you could provide some flavor, 
where are we looking? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
So I think firstly, we must say that we continue to actively pursue M&A opportunities. When 
we look at M&A, we use two criteria to look at targets. One is anything which takes us to a new 
geography or indeed helps us build new capabilities, capabilities we don't have. So we see 
incremental capabilities or presence in geography from an M&A point of view. And of course, 
we have other criteria for value creation on it being margin and growth accretive. Keeping all of 
this in mind, we are actively considering M&A. But we don't have anything concrete to come 
back and discuss with you at this stage. 
Aditya: 
Understood, sir. Thanks, sir, for answering my questions. 

 
EPL Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Chirag from Keynote Capitals. Please 
proceed. 
Chirag: 
Yes, thank you for the follow-up. So just wanted to understand what kind of initiatives that you 
are taking which is helping us to grow more than 20% in Beauty & Cosmetics. If you can 
highlight one or two of them? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
I think Beauty & Cosmetics as we've been speaking through this discussion is extremely 
important for us. And the initiatives we've taken are showing very good results. I think what we 
have done is firstly to build front-end and back-end capabilities. The B&C business is distinct 
from Oral care. We have many more customers in beauty and cosmetics. Oral tends to be 
dominated by a few customers. B&C has many more customers. And therefore, our sales effort 
has to be one of acquiring and retaining customers on an ongoing basis. So we've invested in 
front-end capabilities. We've also built a center of excellence in Mumbai, which is managing 
our innovation, pulling it all together globally and also building capabilities on proofing, 
sampling and so on. And we are also at the same time investing in extruded capacity. So overall, 
there are many things we need to do. Many new capabilities have to be built. And we are 
investing in doing so. We've been doing it for the last few quarters. As you can see, the 
investments are bearing fruit. But the investments will continue in the future as well. 
Chirag: 
Fair enough. And sir, just from the perspective, you've already answered it. I know that the pass-
on CAPEX cost, the pass-on capabilities we have enhanced. Just wanted to have a view that the 
improvements related to this was taking place in the last cycle where polymer prices shot up in 
2022. Was that the time the new research was related to cost-pass-on? Which is giving us the 
confidence that down the line, it would be much more easier to maintain the kind of margin that 
we have. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Chirag, we went through a cycle where our margins kind of dipped after the RM increases. So, 
last time when we saw margin contraction, we as an organization went through every process 
and introspectively what went wrong. And how can we prevent it from happening again. One 
thing that came out was that the pricing discussions that we were doing with the customers were 
not timely. And hence, we were out of pocket on many of these. We have significantly 
strengthened our capabilities to first review our margins at a customer level. And then also, how 
can we have those discussions with our customers a lot more proactively. That we have 
demonstrated in certain pockets, in certain products, certain reasons. And hence, feel confident 
that in case there is a cycle turn that happens on commodities, we are well equipped to protect 
our markets. Does that answer your question, Chirag? 
Chirag: 
I'm so sorry, my line got disconnected. Your voice was a little muffled. If you could just repeat 
the last part again. 

 
EPL Limited 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Deepak Goyal: 
I'm saying that we have learned from the last episode that happened. And we have built in 
capabilities to review our margins and have proactive discussions with our customers to make 
sure that our margins don't get impacted in case the commodity cycle turns. And that we are 
building as a core capability in the organization. 
Chirag: 
Happy to hear that. And so this last thing, from a longer term view, like 5 years point of view, 
are we expecting the internal targets to be around double-digit kind of a growth in topline? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
Absolutely, without doubt. Our guidance continues to be sustained double-digit revenue growth 
in the future. 
Chirag: 
So it would be fair to assume that we would be growing our Beauty & Cosmetics into high teen 
kind of a growth on topline? 
Deepak Goyal: 
That's correct. That's the model that the Beauty & Cosmetics there is a significant headroom, 
we'll grow it in high teen and then oral and pharma will continue to grow on a steady pace. 
Chirag: 
That is it from my side. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pratik Tholiya for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Thanks, Anushka. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, I would like to once again 
thank all the participants who joined this call. I would like to also thank the management for 
giving us this opportunity. Thank you so much, sir. And thanks for answering all the questions 
in so much detail. So would you like to make any closing comments? 
Hemant Bakshi: 
No, thank you very much. Really welcome the engagement of everyone. And we look forward 
to speaking to you again in the future. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Great, sir. Thank you so much, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Systematix Shares and Stocks Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line.  
