 
Regd. Office: 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India) 
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022- 61354801  
CIN No.: L29306MH2020PLC341326 
E-mail: investorrelations@mswil. motherson.com  
Website:www.mswil.motherson.com  
  
 
 
February 4, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Fort 
MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
Scrip Code : MSUMI 
Scrip Code : 543498 
 
 
 Subject: Transcript of the Investor call   
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
This is with reference to our letter dated January 30, 2026 for Audio of Conference Call with 
the investors on the un-audited financial results for the third quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2025. In this connection, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
aforesaid conference call. 
 
The above information has also been made available on the website of the company 
www.mswil.motherson.com 
at 
https://www.mswil.motherson.com/storage/Analyst-Call-
Transcripts/2025-26/Q3/Transcript_of_the_Investor_Call-Q3FY26.pdf 
 
 
The above is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours truly 
For Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pooja Mehra 
Company Secretary   
 
POOJA 
MEHRA
Digitally signed 
by POOJA MEHRA 
Date: 2026.02.04 
22:14:09 +05'30'

Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
 
“Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Results Conference Call” 
January 30, 2026 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MR. VIVEK CHAAND SEHGAL 
CHAIRMAN, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. LAKSH VAAMAN SEHGAL 
DIRECTOR, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. ANURAG GAHLOT 
COO AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR,  
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. GULSHAN 
CFO, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. PANKAJ MITAL 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND PRESIDENT, 
SAMVARDHANA MOTHERSON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (SAMIL) 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 8 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '26 Results Conference Call, 
hosted by Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. V.C. Sehgal from Motherson Sumi Wiring India 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Sehgal. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us today. I'd like 
to introduce the people on the call, we have Pankaj Mital. We have Anurag Gahlot. We have 
Gulshan Pahuja. We have Laksh Vaaman Sehgal and myself on the call. 
 
I warmly welcome you to the Motherson Sumi Wiring India results call for the third quarter 
FY '26. I appreciate your continued interest and confidence in MSWIL. The quarter has 
been marked by a mixed operating environment, while the Indian automotive industry 
demonstrated a very healthy growth, we also witnessed sustained upward pressure on 
commodity prices, particularly copper. 
 
Against this backdrop, I am pleased to share that MSWIL has delivered a strong resilient 
performance reflecting the robustness of our business model and the disciplined 
execution of our teams. During the quarter 3 financial year '26, MSWIL reported a healthy 
year-on-year growth in revenues, EBITDA and profitability. 
 
And with both reported and ex greenfield operations showing steady progress. Our 
greenfield investments are strategic and position MSWIL well to support the future growth 
across ICE, EV, and hybrid platforms. The increased contribution from these facilities will 
further strengthen our scale and competitiveness over the medium to long term. 
 
I'm also pleased to highlight that MSWIL will continue to maintain a debt-free status 
supported by a strong cash flow generation and prudent capital management. Our 
performance remains on deepening customer relationships, increasing content per car 
and supporting OEMs as they transition over to powertrain technologies. 
 
With that, I now hand it over to Pankaj, Anurag and Gulshan, who will be happy to address 
any questions that you may have. Thank you and over to you. 
Moderator: 
First question is from Gunjan from Bank of America. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 8 
 
Gunjan: 
My first question is on the copper inflation that has affected the margins in this quarter. 
Can you just refresh as to what is the overall exposure in terms of copper, how big it is in 
terms of either RM or net sales? And what is the typical contractual agreement with the 
customer OEMs in terms of pass-through? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Pankaj and Anurag, either of you can. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
So this copper has given a total impact of approximately around 1.9% to 2% at this 
moment. And we have back-to-back arrangement contract with the customer for these 
arrangements that it will be by a quarter lag or in some cases, a 6 months lag. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
I hope that answers your question, Gunjan? Because the money will come before the end 
of the financial year, but it only affects the time lag. 
Gunjan: 
Got it. Just a follow-up. I mean, you quantified the impact in this quarter, but the 
commodities continue to go up, right? I mean, copper has continued to go up. So, is it fair 
to say that there is a similar sort of impact, which we can see in quarter 4 as well? And I'm 
just trying to understand how much of the inflation is already factored in this quarter and 
how much more to go. A little bit more colour on that? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Anurag? 
Gulshan: 
So when the copper price will be an upward trend, there is an impact which is there on the 
temporal basis, but we have a pass-through arrangement with our customers. So, 
whenever it gets increases, always get compensated. So, in terms of inflationary, we don't 
have a control on the increasing copper prices. 
 
But having said so, whenever it is on an increasing trend, our discussions with the 
customer getting progressing at a fast pace also  that there should be a minimum impact, 
which needs to be the same. But there are certain customers where we're getting adjusted 
on a quarterly or a half yearly basis. So, lag will remain, but we will but the discussions 
with the customer, how to minimize that so that we can consider the inflationary, which is 
going right now as per the current market scenario. 
Gunjan: 
Got it. And my second question is on this the new plant, the new start-up plants, which 
you had all these programmes, which you've spelled out in one of the slides that there's 
been some delays on the programmes and some of them are, I think, EV programmes. Can 
you give some colour on when do we expect those programmes to come on stream? And 
how should we think about the utilization ramp-up of the new plant? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
I can tell you that for the EV powertrain, if you can see that in one of the projects of EV, that 
is the volumes are gearing up right now in Q4. And the other location is in Pune, where the 
EV powertrain one model is launched in the earlier year. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 8 
 
 
And this is again, the volumes are still ramping up on to those as suggested by the 
customer in their RFQs. But we have to watch it carefully and because as the they are not 
going to ramp up as the volume has been suggested in the first place. But slowly, we are 
seeing that there is an improvement in that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, first question on the growth side. So in the last few quarters, with the industry growing 
at 4% to 5%, we have been growing at close to mid-teens. But now with the industry growth 
picking up meaningfully, and given the copper price, which also sort of benefits your 
revenues as it is a pass-through, is there anything else which is sort of maybe dragging 
down the growth to some extent, given the strong industry momentum, if you can sort of 
talk about something there? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
I think this particular thing refers to just a time lag really, the second quarter, third quarter 
in second quarter, we had the Diwali and all these other particular thing and the 
announcement by the government. But I'll let Anurag answer that question or Pankaj to 
help it if necessary. 
Pankaj Mital: 
So, I would say that there is nothing else which we can think of, but the newer models 
getting launched, the volumes have come up, of course, with the reduction in VAT. And 
therefore, we see higher revenues as well. And the entire impact of copper, as my 
colleagues already explained, has not been factored in the revenue, but it is in the cost. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Understood. Understood. And second question is, sir, on these greenfield plants again, I 
think if I look at the revenue ramp-up, they are probably reaching maybe close to the 50% 
utilization levels. And the EBITDA losses also haven't gone down meaningfully. So when 
should we expect probably an EBITDA breakeven at what utilization level do you think we 
can achieve the breakeven at the EBITDA level at least? 
Pankaj Mital: 
So, as the volumes of the customers are ramping up, I think we have also mentioned in our 
presentation that in some cases, the ramp-up has been slower than expected. In some 
cases, it had been deferred. So, we believe that in the coming quarters, step by step, it will 
continue to improve. 
 
Already, the performance is improving as the volumes have kicked in. And before the start, 
we have to put all the costs. So, we try to build that up, and they will continue to taper 
down. And in the next, I think, 2 to 3 quarters, we should see these ramp-ups reaching the 
right levels or so. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. Sir, last question is on the cost impact, which you highlighted of about close to 200 
bps in the quarter. So, if you look at the ex-greenfield margins, which are at 11.3%, that 
also will be impacted by this copper. Is it the right assumption? 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 8 
 
Gulshan: 
Yes. Yes, it's the right assumption because copper is all across. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. Okay. So even there as well, we should see improvement as these get passed on to 
the customers over the period? 
Gulshan: 
Right. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Actually, I don't think anybody in this particular thing can in the kind of scenario, you have 
the rupee devaluation also and you have the price increases also. So definitely, it's we've 
not seen anywhere resistance from the customer. They are very much helpful to make sure 
that we are maintaining this particular facility. Right, Pankaj? 
Pankaj Mital: 
That's right. So, it has always been its contractual understanding between us and the 
customers for this. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. Sir, lastly, on the capex side, if you can just highlight what is the capex plan for this 
year and next year, if possible? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Go ahead. Go ahead, Gulshan. 
Gulshan: 
So for this year, we projected a capex of INR 220 crores. So out of that, INR 150 crores have 
already been incurred, and we are expected to go as per the plan in the remaining period 
of this year. For the next year, we are populating the budgets. 
 
Our discussions with the customers are ongoing, how the plans would be placed. So basis 
that, we would be able to finalize that. So probably in the next quarter or so, we would be 
able to give a clarity on the numbers for that part. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rahul Kumar from Nuvama Wealth Management. 
Raghu: 
Yes. Raghu here from Nuvama. Congratulations for the strong revenue performance. Sir, 
my question was on the ramp-up of the Greenfields. You have indicated in the 
presentation also that Gujarat plant is ramping up in Q4, even the Kharkhoda plant ramp-
up is continuing. 
 
So, going forward, over the next 6 to 9 months, do you expect the plants to reach optimal 
utilization? And once they reach that kind of utilization, would you expect the margins for 
Greenfields to be closer to the blended margins? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thanks, Rahul. 
Raghu: 
Raghu here, sir. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Yes. Obviously, as you have seen in the presentation also that one of the locations in this 
Greenfield is already reaching to around 80% of the utilization. And Gujarat one is also 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 8 
 
going to happen as the volumes are going to ramp up and the new launch, which is 
happening in this quarter as well as in the Pune location, obviously, their volume has gone 
down by that one of the customers. 
 
I think for the other 2 locations for Gujarat and Kharkhoda, yes, in the coming time, this 
will reach to the optimum utilization. But for Pune, we will be filling with to the new 
businesses also. So, I think another 2 to 3 quarters, you will see that they will be reaching 
to the optimal utilization. And thus, as you asked for the margins also, that will also get 
improved over a period of time. 
Raghu: 
And given that several new models are being launched by OEMs and industry growth is 
also healthy, do you see the need for more facilities coming up in the subsequent 
quarters? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Absolutely. I don't know next quarter or next year. But whenever any plant in Motherson 
reaches close to 80% utilization, we are already in the look for land, building and new 
facility. We always do that every year. That's the reason why we are far ahead of the 
competition and always in sync with what the customer wants or expects. 
Raghu: 
Good to hear that, sir. And with relation to the top three customers, which you're serving 
from the three Greenfields, would you be supplying both the high voltage as well as low-
voltage harness for their EVs? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Anurag, this is a loaded question. Let's see if you can help us. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Yes. If you can see the presentation also, we have also mentioned that the powertrain, we 
are going to supply to in the Gujarat. We are in the EV and ICE both. Kharkhoda is only ICE. 
But again, the Pune is having EV and ICE both. So powertrain is not an issue for us. We are 
engine-agnostic organization, and we can do any of the business. 
Raghu: 
Got it, sir. Given that EV share has reached 6% in Q3 and last quarter also, it was broadly 
in similar range at 7%. And given that EV share keeps increasing, would you have similar 
level of localization and profitability for high voltage versus low voltage? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Absolutely. We have a lot of inputs from Sumitomo San and even Motherson in its own 
capacity to localize. And all those investments are being done by SAMIL, and the suppliers 
and also Sumitomo San and companies from MSWIL. So, I think they're all based on what 
the customer wants, and we do that. But Anurag, do you want to add something or Pankaj? 
Pankaj Mital: 
What you said is right. The localization level is increasing with the new models. And of 
course, when you ask about the profitability, then it has no specifics on a particular type 
of product. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Shubham Harne from Purnartha Investment Advisers. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 8 
 
Shubham Harne: 
Yes. I just wanted to ask how much percentage of copper impact if copper increases by 
10%, then the whole 10% is passed on to customer or there is some impact which we take 
in our books? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Anurag? It depends on the customer, but Anurag will give you an answer. 
Pankaj Mital: 
It's whether it goes up or down, it's a very transparent mechanism of complete pass-
through. 
Shubham Harne: 
Okay. You mean if it's complete pass-through, okay. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi Institutional Equities. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Sorry, I joined a little late, sir. But anything, sir, on the Labour Code impact for this quarter? 
And incrementally, how much could be the impact, sir? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Anurag? Gulshan? 
Gulshan: 
So, for this quarter, the impact is not that significant. This is the information currently 
available and the draft rules came in place. Of course, there has to be a development 
which needs to be seen in the as it progresses further because state rules and the central 
rules need yet to be notified. So far, whatever the understanding of best understanding we 
have, the impact has been ascertain and that impact has come out to be insignificant for 
the current quarter and the 9 months. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. Sir, second on the this last few quarters, growth has been very strong. Just want 
to understand if you can give some flavour how are some of the segments like PVs, 2-
wheelers, CVs have done, sir, in few quarters. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Sure. Anurag? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
So I can tell you the PV industry on year-on-year has grown by 19%, sequential basis 
around 6% and the 9 months, if you see compared to the last year, it was 9%. In 2-wheeler, 
year-on-year is 15%, quarter-on-quarter it has gone declined by 2%, whereas 9 months is 
around 9%. CV industry year-on-year is 18%, quarter-on-quarter 10%, and 9 months is 
10%. So everything remain positive. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Yes, just on our side, how we have paid, sir, in each of the segments, sir? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
See, we are giving only the overall basis, that's what we have grown by 25% year-on-year 
basis. And we don't go into the segment-wise specifically. But as we are supplying to all 
the OEMs in the country, so you can understand that this 25% is coming from all these 
categories. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Prateek Bhandari from AART Ventures. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 8 
 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Just if you can repeat the numbers for the CV industry, you mentioned as to how that has 
grown. If you just can repeat the numbers? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Yes. The CV industry year-on-year is around 18%. I'm talking about these manufacturing 
production of commercial vehicle. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Right, right. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
And quarter-on-quarter is 10% and 9 months is around 10%. 
Moderator: 
Well, as there are no further questions, I'd like to hand the conference over to Mr. V.C. 
Sehgal for closing comments. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you. Thank you all very much for attending this MSWIL's third quarter numbers. I 
think the teams have done a phenomenal job, multiple plants everywhere, they have made 
sure that they have not lost vehicles. They are absolutely in sync with what the customer 
wants. 
 
Board congratulated all the team members and said, phenomenal job done. In spite of 
whatever the headwinds, we still did phenomenally well. So, thank you all very much for 
attending and wish you all a happy weekend up in front of you. Thank you. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
 
 
Safe Harbour: The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 For the transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file for 
grammatical, punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any edit to the content or discussion. The audio recording of 
transcript is available at website of the company, viz., www.mswil.motherson.com. This discussion contains based on the 
currently held beliefs and assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, 
are reasonable and can may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, 
contingencies, uncertainties, market conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial condition, 
performance, or achievements of the Company or industry results, to differ materially from the results, financial condition, 
performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation 
or liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any 
other cause. Readers of this document should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company and of the 
relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other investigations as they deem necessary. 
 
