   
            
 
Ref. No. AAVAS/SEC/2025-26/2368 
Date: February 12, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter and Nine Months ended 
December 31, 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and with respect to our letter dated January 20, 2026 bearing           
Ref. No. AAVAS/SEC/2025-26/2252 please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call on the Financial and Operational performance of the Company for the Quarter 
and Nine Months ended December 31, 2025 held on Thursday, February 05, 2026. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at 
https://www.aavas.in/investor-relations/investor-intimation.  
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
Date and time of occurrence of event/information: February 05, 2026 and Earnings Conference 
Call commenced at 05:30 P.M. (IST). 
 
Thanking You, 
  FOR AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
 
 
SAURABH SHARMA 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
(ACS-60350) 
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Symbol: AAVAS   
To, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 541988 
SAURABH 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by 
SAURABH SHARMA 
Date: 2026.02.12 
11:39:34 +05'30'

 
 
 
“Aavas Financiers Limited 
Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 05, 2026 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Sachinder Bhinder – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer  
 
Mr. Ghanshyam Rawat – Chief Financial Officer  
 
Mr. Ashutosh Atre – Chief Risk Officer  
 
Mr. Rakesh Shinde – Head of Investor Relations  
 
 
This document is a transcription of the conference call conducted on 05-February-
2026. Click here to listen to the original audio 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is edited for factual errors and does not for imply to be 
verbatim recordings of the proceedings. The reader is also requested to refer to audio 
recordings of the call uploaded on the company website. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings will prevail. No part of this publication may be reproduced or 
transmitted in any form or by any means without prior written consent of Aavas 
Financiers Limited. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Aavas Financiers Ltd 9M and 
Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and 
expectations of the company as on the date of this call.  
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in a 
listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please 
signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note, 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rakesh Shinde, Head Investor Relations of 
Aavas Financiers Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 

 
 
Rakesh Shinde: 
Good evening, everyone. I extend a very warm welcome to all participants and thank 
you for joining us on today’s Earnings Call to discuss the financial and operational 
performance of our company for 9M and Q3FY26, along with the business outlook 
going forward. 
The results and the investor presentation have been uploaded to the stock exchanges 
and are also available on our company website. I hope you’ve had a chance to review 
them. We have also uploaded an Excel fact sheet containing historical data on our 
website for your easy reference. 
Joining me today is the entire management team of Aavas. We will begin this call with 
opening remarks from our MD Sachinder Bhinder, CFO Ghanshyam Rawat and CRO 
Ashutosh Atre. This will be followed by a Q&A session. With that, let me now hand over 
the call to Sachinder. Over to you, Sachinder. 
 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Thank you, Rakesh. A good evening to all. I thank you for joining us on this earning call. 
The recent macro developments have been very encouraging for the Indian economy. 
The Atmanirbhar Union Budget, followed by positive progress on the India–US trade 
arrangement, marks an important inflection point. These developments are expected 
to support external stability, improve systemic liquidity, ease interest rates, and create 
a more favorable environment for credit growth. 
Q3 also saw several structural reforms, including GST rationalization, labor code 
implementation, progress on key trade agreements, and continued FDI liberalization. 
Together, these measures should strengthen household balance sheets, drive an 
urban consumption recovery. 
The Union Budget 2026 reinforces the government’s focus on capex-led growth, while 
continuing to support consumption and affordable housing. Alongside this, the High-
Level Committee on Banking for Viksit Bharat clearly positions NBFCs and housing 
finance companies as key enablers of credit expansion. The emphasis on developing 
tier-2 and tier-3 city economic regions creates a strong structural tailwind for 
affordable housing. 
Overall, we believe the macro environment is becoming increasingly supportive for 
housing finance, with improving affordability, stable funding conditions, and a strong 
runway for sustainable growth. 
Moving to Aavas’s performance, I am pleased to share that during Q3FY26 our Balance 
Sheet size crossed Rs. 20,000 Crs marking an important milestone in our growth 
journey. 
During the quarter, we also successfully raised approximately Rs 975 crore (USD 108 
million) from a marquee Multilateral Financial Institution at a competitive cost. This 
represents the largest NCD placement in the company’s history and underscores our 
position as one of the leading players in affordable finance. It also reflects strong 
external confidence in our measured, quality-led growth strategy and long-term vision. 
The proceeds from this financing will be deployed to support affordable housing loans 
for EWS and LIG households, promote women homeownership, scale green-certified 
housing, and expand MSME lending in underserved regions, further strengthening our 
development-focused lending franchise. 

 
 
During the quarter, we rolled out a Branch Excellence Program to drive sustainable, 
quality-led growth across branches. Project Neev focuses on strengthening pre-login 
discipline and frontline effectiveness through better field management and coaching. 
Project Nipun institutionalizes post-login rigor by improving approval quality, 
documentation discipline, and turnaround times. Project Sampoorn drives a “first-
time-right” culture to enhance login quality and reduce rework. Project Setu optimizes 
channel management through digital integration and more effective partner 
engagement. Project RISE strengthens employee engagement through structured 
rewards, recognition, and clear career pathways. Together, these initiatives are 
creating a stronger operating backbone for consistent and sustainable growth.  
On to business front, after the transition to the new disbursement recognition 
framework in Q1, operations have now normalized, resulting in a 10% QoQ growth in 
disbursements during Q3. Our sanction-to-disbursement ratio, which was impacted 
in Q1, has recovered and now stands at >80%, demonstrating improved conversion 
efficiency. Traditionally Q4 is a strong quarter for us, and we expect this momentum to 
sustain. 
Our credit first approach continues to benefit us with best-in-class asset quality. Our 
1+ DPD has shown sharp improvement across geographies resulting in lowering GNPA 
during the quarter.  
Our AUM grew by 15% Y-o-Y to Rs. 222 billion. The broader macroeconomic backdrop 
remains supportive, and a conducive interest rate scenario continues to support 
affordability and demand momentum in our core segments. 
During the quarter, we further benefited from a lower cost of funds following the 25-
bps cut in the repo rate. In today’s ALCO meeting, it was decided to pass on 15 bps of 
this benefit to our customers, effective 1st March. This revision will benefit around 
70% of our customers who are on the floating-rate book, while maintaining an 
appropriate balance between customer benefit and margin sustainability. 
Furthermore, government initiatives like the Interest Subsidy Scheme (ISS) under 
PMAY 2.0, coupled with a stable interest rate environment, continue to support 
homebuyer sentiment and affordability. We are pleased to report that over 2,800 
Aavas customers have already benefited from these schemes, receiving subsidies 
amounting to more than Rs. 90 million. 
As we look ahead, our long-term strategic priorities remain clear—to fully leverage our 
strong digital platforms, distribution network, further strengthen governance, drive 
scale efficiently, optimize costs, and enhance productivity across the organization. 
With that preamble, I will now take you through our quarterly performance. Our AUM 
has now reached Rs 222 bn. During Q3 FY26, we disbursed loans worth Rs 17.2 bn, 
registering a 10% sequential growth, while maintaining our strong focus on quality 
origination and prudent underwriting. Our Net profit for Q3 FY26 grew by 16% YoY to 
Rs 1.70 bn led by robust 17% YoY growth in NII on account of healthy improvement in 
spread. Our Net Worth continues to compound steadily, growing at 16% YoY, with the 
strength of our capital position driven by consistently compounding internal accruals.  
Our NIMs expanded by 27 bps year-on-year to 8.01% during the quarter. This 
improvement was supported by improvement in spread coupled with our continued 
focus on risk-adjusted pricing. Our Opex-to-Assets ratio saw an improvement of 7 bps 

 
 
sequentially to 3.44%, while the Cost-to-Income ratio continued to trend lower by 75 
bps sequentially to 42.9%, reflecting improved efficiency gains. 
Our asset quality remains pristine, with 1+ DPD well below 5%, improving by 19 bps 
sequentially to 3.80% as of December 2025, while GNPA improved by 5 bps QoQ to 
1.19%.  Credit costs stood anchored at 16 bps. driven by lower 1+ DPD flow and 
improvement in Stage 2 and Stage 3 buckets. We continue to maintain our guidance of 
keeping credit costs below 25 bps on a sustainable basis.  
Our ROA improved by 6 bps YoY to 3.43% and ROE improving by 8 bps YoY to 14.29%. 
We remain committed to delivering quality, profitable, and sustainable growth 
powered by tech-led efficiency and cost optimization. With our robust risk 
management framework, deep and diversified distribution network, and the strong 
execution capabilities of our experienced team, we are confident of achieving our 
strategic milestones and delivering long-term value to all stakeholders.  
With that, Ladies and Gentlemen, I would now hand over to our CFO, Ghanshyam 
Rawat, to discuss the financials in detail. 
 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Thank you, Sachinder. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to our earnings 
call.  
To provide update first on borrowings past, the improvement in the cost of funds 
continues to underscore the strength and resilience of Aavas’ well-diversified liability 
franchise. In line with our strategy of innovation in liability sourcing, we proactively 
anticipated a potential softening in interest rates and strategically shifted a sizeable 
portion of our borrowings to EBLR-linked instruments and various market linked 
benchmarks. This forward-looking approach has continued to yield tangible benefits 
in Q3, as our liabilities are repricing faster than those of many peers. This positions us 
to maintain a competitive cost of funds while supporting sustainable quality growth. 
Well diversified liability franchise linked with various benchmarks and competitively 
priced in Q3FY26, we were able to deliver an additional 16-bps improvement 
sequentially in our cost of funds and 56 bps improvement year-on-year. 
In today’s ALCO we decided to pass on the benefit of 15-bps to our customers with 
effect from 1st March 2026. Our spread improved by 40 bps year-on-year to 5.34% in 
Q3, while the calculated spread increased by 65 bps year-on-year. 
We continued to borrow judiciously, raising around Rs. 46.4 bn at competitive rate at 
7.66% for 9MFY26. Our average tenure of borrowings continues to be longer than that 
of our assets, ensuring a positive ALM across all-time buckets. As of 31st Dec 2025, 
total outstanding borrowings stood at Rs. 193 billion. 
We have optimum mix of various benchmarks of interest rates such as 35% of 
borrowings linked to external benchmarks such as Repo, T-Bill, and MIBOR, and 34% 
linked to sub-3-month MCLR, enabling faster repricing of nearly 69% of our borrowings 
in line with interest rate movements. 
Lender support remains strong as Aavas continues to evolve. We maintain access to 
diversified and cost-effective long-term funding. Our relationships with development 
financial institutions remain robust, supporting our strategic funding goals. As of 31st 

 
 
Dec 2025, we maintained ample liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents and 
unavailed CC limits of Rs. 19.55 billion and documented unavailed sanctions of Rs. 
24.54 billion. 
Profitability and Capital Position, our Net Total Income (NIM) in absolute terms grew 
by 18% YoY in Q3 FY26. Net Interest Margin (NIM) as a percentage of total assets 
expanded by 27 bps YoY to 8.01% in Q3 FY26. 
We remain well capitalized, with a net worth of Rs 48.6 billion and a Capital to Risk-
Weighted Assets Ratio (CRAR) of 46.4%, significantly above regulatory requirements. 
I would now hand over the line to our CRO, Ashutosh Atre, to discuss the asset quality. 
 
Ashutosh Atre: 
Thank you, Ghanshyam Ji. Good evening, everyone. I am pleased to share the key 
portfolio risk parameters with you. 
Asset Quality & Provisioning: Aavas is strongly positioned to continue delivering 
industry-leading asset quality. Our asset quality remains within the guided range with 
1 day past due well below 5% at 3.80% in Q3FY26 and Gross Stage 3 & Net Stage 3 
under 1.25% stood at 1.19% and 0.79%, respectively. During the quarter, not only in 
terms of percentage, as mentioned by Sachinderji, our principal outstanding of 1+DPD 
and Stage 3 principal outstanding has also reduced in absolute value.  
From a geographic perspective, asset quality in our vintage states continues to remain 
healthy. The average 1+ DPD and GNPA stood well below 4% and 1.25% of AUM. 
Similarly, in our emerging markets, we are observing healthy credit performance, with 
1+ DPD and GNPA levels remaining comfortably within 4% and 1% of AUM, 
respectively.  
Our total ECL provisioning, including that for COVID-19 impact as well as Resolution 
Framework 2.0, stood at Rs. 1.27 bn as of 31st Dec 2025. Our disciplined underwriting 
standards, coupled with a proactive risk management framework, have enabled us to 
stay ahead of emerging macroeconomic challenges. 
We continue to follow a rigorous credit assessment process, stress-tested across 
multiple economic scenarios, and remain selectively calibrated in our exposure to 
higher-risk segments. This approach has helped us preserve asset quality, which 
continues to rank among the best in the industry. 
With this, I open the floor for Q&A 
Moderator: 
Our first question comes from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. 
Kunal Shah: 
So, the first question is on growth. When we look at maybe the first 9 months growth, 
it clearly suggests maybe the guidance which was given of closer to like 18-odd 
percent. That appears to be quite stretched, and it might settle at less than 15-odd 
percent. So maybe in terms of the indicators as to how do we plan to get towards 18% 
to 20-odd percent growth in the coming years?  
And the related question is on the branches. Last time you indicated that you will add 
the 20, 25-odd branches, but we had seen some consolidation of branches in 
Rajasthan and Maharashtra. So maybe the addition of branches has also been not very 
high. So, what's happening on that front in terms of the franchise expansion? 

 
 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Thanks, Kunal. During H1, we undertook a significant transformation in our business 
and accounting processes with a calibrated tightening of credit in a relatively subdued 
macro and credit environment. As communicated earlier, our priority has been to 
protect portfolio quality and not to pursue just the headline growth. Accordingly, the 
final AUM growth outcome continues to be influenced by how the macro and credit 
environment has evolved even as we remain committed to our long-term growth 
aspiration. 
Encouragingly, post Diwali, we started seeing a pickup in the business momentum, 
and we expect this trend to continue through Q4 FY26. Q4 last year was a strong 
quarter with disbursement crossing Rs. 20 bn, and we are confident of exceeding that 
level comfortably this year as well. On the AUM front, H1 created a meaningful drag on 
the overall growth run rate, which has led to AUM growth moderating to around 15%. 
Given this backdrop, our focus for the remainder of the year is to maintain the current 
growth trajectory while continuing to safeguard asset quality rather than pushing for 
aggressive growth. 
The second question on the growth for the next year. Looking ahead, FY27 should be a 
year of strong recovery, with no transformation initiatives and incremental 
investments being made in branch expansion to drive growth. With a stable operating 
environment and a stronger platform in place, we are targeting around 25%+ growth in 
disbursements in FY27, while continuing to build a resilient, high-quality franchise. 
We are planning to have around 25% plus of disbursement growth solving for an 
additional Rs. 2,000 crores disbursement in next year FY27. We are already ahead in 
terms of average monthly run rate which will generate additional Rs 500 crores 
business next year; branches opened in last 12 months will give ~Rs. 200 crores 
additional business, we are opening additional 50 branches next year which will give 
me ~Rs 100-150 crores business, digital channel like CSC will give me ~Rs.500 crores 
additional business, ~Rs.400 crores would be inflation and customer aspirational led 
ticket size growth and rest would be productivity enhancement, which would really 
improve the numbers as I speak. 
Over and above, as I spoke about a lot of initiatives which we have taken, which have 
given green shoots in Q3 where customer visits related from the direct channels have 
improved by 30%. 
And we are confident that productivity enhancement really will come through all of 
this. As management, we are confident with these measures which I really spoke 
about, contributing to a robust 25% plus growth in the coming year. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sure. And with respect to branch expansion, it was quite slow during the quarter, and 
there was some rationalization as well? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
So, there were multiple branches which opened, and it was not about consolidation. 
So, as we speak, Kunal, we are at 410 branches as of 31st Jan 2026. And in addition to 
that, this quarter, we'll add another 20 to 25 branches in Q4. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. So that trajectory, maybe that guidance continues in terms of adding 20-25 
branches in the second half? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Yes, and next year, we are going to add another around 50 branches. So, what we are 
doing is that we're going deeper into the regions where we are in Tier 2, Tier 3 towns by 
the RRO model. I think that deepens our market as far as concerned. We have 

 
 
stabilized a lot of RROs, and we find that there is good potential. We look at converting 
these into model branches. What we call model branches are like self-sustained 
branches at a lower infra cost, which really helps us to build. So, we continue our 
guidance and our trajectory of geographic expansion by going deeper and opening 
physical branches. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Sachinder sir, again, just may be repeating what you've already said, right. But again, I 
think while we have managed to get some handle on the BT out and the portfolio 
attrition this quarter, which I'm sure was driven by all the actions that you would have 
taken. Because, from what we hear from other housing finance companies, the 
competitive intensity continues to still remain very high. 
 
But I think disbursement momentum kind of still leaves a lot to be desired. What we 
usually know, right, 40:60 kind of a disbursement mix between 1H and 2H. Even if we 
were to do that, right, I think you'll still fall a little short of what maybe you would have 
targeted on disbursements for this year. 
 
So, I mean, while you've already partly answered it in the previous question, but what 
were the growth headwinds this year? And what will change next year for us to start 
accelerating on growth, except for this addition of branches that you just explained? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
So, Abhijit, thanks for joining the call. See, if you place it into the 2 parts on the growth, 
as we said that because we had the transition to the accounting process of 
disbursement recognition, Q1 cover up actually delayed and lagged for our entire 
current financial year. So, I think that is one which was there. 
 
Secondly, at a conscious call of some of the states which we had taken in Karnataka 
and other places, as we start seeing in Q2 and Q3, we started stepping up. And that's 
more so to really look at it from the perspective of the credit environment and the 
overall environment based on the e-Khatas stuff.  
 
On the second question of how you really span out the growth for the next year. So, as 
we highlighted the projects, specifically, the digital channels, which really have started 
contributing to us, like CSC, eMitra incrementally would contribute ~Rs. 500 crores. 
Currently, we are ahead on monthly average run rate bringing additional ~Rs.500 
crores business, and CSC and eMitra would contribute to an extent of another ~Rs. 
500 crores next year. So, we are confident of digital channels.  
We are confident of the branches which have opened in the last 12 months, really 
contributing, including the new branches, additional about Rs. 300 crores really 
coming across from there, plus an inflationary and aspirational growth bit of 6% growth 
coming across from the inflationary-led growth, plus the initiatives, whatever we 
spoke about on productivity enhancement.  
And as I spoke that visit to customer ratios have improved by 30% is finally really 
helping us to improve productivity. So primarily, the input really is getting refined and 
crystallized, and we've seen those green shoots in Q3. So, we are confident that we'll 
be able to carry forward in Q4 and build that in the next financial year. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it, sir. Sir, then on the disbursements, again, if I look at the disbursement mix, very 
clearly. Until last year, the non-HL in the disbursements was typically used to be 

 
 
around that 35% ballpark. But now if I look at this year, the non-HL piece is consistently 
above 40% in the mix. So, I mean, how is the demand landscape today purely in 
individual home loans? 
 
And the related question here also is that, recently at least some of the larger HFCs 
who reported, they have all been talking about kind of moving towards near prime and 
affordable. So do you think that until now, we very often used to say what if there was 
a competition from the banks. But now if the larger HFCs also start looking at the 
affordable side, is it going to kind of meaningfully increase the competitive intensity in 
the affordable housing sector? 
Sacinder Bhinder: 
I think your first question on the HL, NHL part, I think it is more about the recognition 
that pushed the HL to drag little, as far as recognition was concerned. Because as you 
know, the home loan transactions are operated through a check disbursement mode 
and NHL are more by the RTGS mode. 
 
So that differentially had a drag on HL. So, unlike the normal one, we've not seen any 
drop. It is just what I would say, movement which has moved quarter-on-quarter to the 
subsequent quarter. That's one. So, even with our PMAY 2.0, where we've disbursed 
more than 2,800-plus customers in the ISS scheme, it is also reflective of the strong 
home loan growth what we really see. So, the logins and those from the home loan 
really continue to build on, and we will continue to build in the markets where we 
operate on that franchise. 
 
Secondly, on the competitive intensity, I think we stand out as far as our understanding 
of self-assessment based strong SENP direct model is concerned. And our inroads 
into Tier 2, Tier 3 markets, both from a perspective of understanding the customer and 
understanding the property and buying in both with the quality, which is there, I think, 
stands good at Aavas, which is there. 
 
And as you highlighted, on BT out, we continue to be at 5.1% for Q3, which is 60 bps 
lower than the same period last year. So, I think we are confident with our kind of 
underwriting practice, our kind of customer segment, our deeper reach, which we 
continue to further build and expand, will also help us to thwart the normal 
competition what you are referring to. 
 
And again, if you look at the average ticket size, Aavas continues to be in the average 
ticket size of Rs. 12.5 lakhs, whereas affordable for some of the peers you're talking 
about, the ticket size is more than double what typically we service on an average pie. 
So, I think from that, it is far away as far as reaching that customer segment, so to say. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Yes. Abhijit, what Sachinder ji said, I think apart from that, 2 things are very important 
to see, like in Aavas today, we have 60% self-employed customer, whereas all large 
HFCs, banks have 80% to 90% salaried customers. So, in the same market, in the 
same geography, even though we both are present, we have a different customer 
class, they target different customer class. We target Rs. 12 lakhs to average ticket 
size Rs. 13 lakhs, Rs. 14 lakhs, Rs. 15 lakhs, they target Rs. 25 lakhs and above ticket 
size customers in the same market. So, that make a huge difference. 
 
Thirdly, I think as Aavas, we are very deep rooted in those markets. We today source 
customers from around 2,000-plus towns, where they are still in the large market, in 
the city or district headquarters, they remain up to that level. We go at a sub town level 
basically. So, I think that we continue to, in the same market, make a separate road for 

 
 
us. There are enough opportunities in the market. So even despite I think large HFC 
focuses on affordable housing. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Just one last question on the borrowing mix. If I look at the NHB refinance from its peak 
of 22%, 23% kind of decline to 20% then to maybe 16% same time last year and now 
14% to 12%, rather 12% now. So, I'm just trying to understand, was it because NHB 
was not giving a sanction because of the ongoing CVC transaction, but now that the 
transaction has also been concluded, have you received any new sanctions from 
NHB? And what are the plans to draw them down? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Yes, Abhijit, you are right. Our contribution of NHB refinance and overall borrowing has 
fallen because as you appreciated that CVC transaction was in process, and it got now 
completed. Now we applied for our refinance limit, which is under consideration at 
their end. We are hopeful that in the coming quarters, we will hear something positive 
from their side. 
 
Otherwise, I think the company has done a very fantastic work and even NHB 
borrowing was less than in what ratio it was there 1 year back. All banks, institutions, 
multi-lat institutions and our borrowing is almost shown a 56-basis point reduction, 
which is far better than peer group, far better than the peer group. 
 
Even sequentially, our overall interest cost is lesser than the Q2, which shows the 
strength of liability franchise of Aavas. Now we are already AA rated, with a positive 
outlook. And so that it is also helping us to explore the new market of borrowing at a 
competitive price. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Varun Palacharla from Kotak Securities.  
Varun Palacharla: 
My question was regarding disbursements and how we see disbursement going up or 
what will be the drivers? So, in light of that, I would want to ask what is the login to 
sanction ratio for us? How has it trended over the last 2, 3 quarters when you have 
tightened the screen? And is there leeway over here that as the field staff get 
normalized in these new credit screens the ratio might increase? 
 
The second question is with regard to the disbursement. I think you mentioned that the 
new channel partners currently contribute about 7%. So how much do DSAs or 
connectors contribute? Because those channels can scale up faster than the others, 
if you can give that?  
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Yes. Thanks, Varun. I think as you rightly pointed out, the screens on the credit quality 
and we had called out. So, there has been a sequential improvement where we saw 
improvement in the credit environment and the credit quality. Hence, our sanction 
ratios also improved from around 30%-32% in Q1, trending at around 38%-40% in the 
last quarter. 
 
I think that's the positive side for looking at the credit quality. And Aavas has always 
been looking at the risk-adjusted returns and really underwriting what we feel right at 
that period of time, which is suitably from a credit environment perspective. So, I think 
that's the positive trajectory which is there. The most important point is our sanction 
to disbursement ratios also improved sequentially from the earlier period of time. That 
also gives us confidence. That's number two. 
 
Number three, on the channels, what you rightly elicited, the scaling up, why we are 
confident because as a couple of digital channels like CSC, eMitra and Mitra is the 

 
 
ones where we've actually put in efforts and those efforts have really shown traction 
in the current financial year. And as we enter Q4 and enter the new FY, it gives us 
confidence of an incremental scope of expanding at a faster pace, which I elicited that 
it is going to contribute an extra around ~Rs. 500 crores from those channels. 
 
And the other part which we said that on a muted expansion of the branches, the last 
12 months branch opening, and the new financial year branch opening further adding 
an impact of about ~ Rs. 300 crores, plus the retail inflationary-led and aspirational 
growth, which we have taken at a very conservative level of about 6%, further 
contributing to another ~ Rs. 300 crores for the next financial year.  
Plus, the productivity improvement, as I spoke about in my call, about the various 
projects and the branch excellence which we have achieved. And therein also, we've 
seen the green shoots about improvement in the quality of login. The customer visit 
increasing by 30% is really improving the quality import also will continue to contribute 
to our expansion of the scalability in a right format. 
 
Plus, earlier part, as I said, that we had a little muted geographical growth on certain 
parts of Karnataka, knowing the credit environment and the part of the Khata-related 
stuff, which had held on to our disbursement. So, we've seen that acceleration also 
happen in that pace. So that also will start contributing. Plus, we've opened Tamil 
Nadu in the last couple of quarters. I think that also slowly and steadily will start 
contributing to our numbers as we effectively go in the next financial year. So, we are 
pretty confident with all the measures rightly, we will be able to scale up in a more 
modular, sustainable and rightful, quality growth manner.  
Varun Palacharla: 
I just had one more question on the incremental yield. So, after the PLR cut, what is the 
gap between the incremental yields and the book yields? Where will it trend towards?  
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
I think incremental yield is already, even without 15 basis point reduction, it already 
got transmitted because by spread corrections which keep on happening when we 
source the customers. The new business will not have much impact. But by 15 basis 
point reduction, we will have almost 9-10 basis point overall impact on the book, 
because we have almost 30% fixed rate book. So, it will have a 9-10 basis point 
impact. 
 
Yes, and I think, let's say, I further update you on that piece. Another, we see a few 
basis point cost of borrowing reduction in this quarter. So overall, we are comfortable, 
or we are confident our spread will remain around 5.25% for the year ending, a few 
basis points, 2-3 basis points here and there. But roughly, we are confident to have 
5.25% spread by the year end.  
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Yes. Currently, we are at 5.34% as we speak for the current quarter, Varun.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Raghav Garg from Ambit Capital.  
Raghav Garg: 
Yes, Sir. I just had 2 clarifications before I ask my questions. One, did you say that you 
are targeting 35% disbursal growth in FY27? Did I hear that correct? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
No it's 25%+. 25% +. 
Raghav Garg: 
35%, is it? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
25%+. 

 
 
Raghav Garg: 
Okay. 25%+. And then, new branch addition will be 50, right? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Yes. 
Raghav Garg: 
Okay. Sir, my question is without the PLR reduction that we've -- I mean, you haven't 
reduced your PLR so far. It's only effective March. Despite that, the yields have come 
down by about 16 basis points because of competition, and that continues to intensify. 
And effective March, you're taking a 15 bps PLR cut. 
 
On the liability side, it seems that the cost of funds has likely bottomed out at 7.7%. 
So, for FY27, what is your expectation in terms of how much your spreads can 
normalize over? I think you just mentioned 5.2% or 5.25%. But are you confident that 
the spread decline from here will not be more than, say, 15-20 basis points given the 
kind of competition that we are seeing out there? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
See, Raghav, we've always guided that we'll remain in the range bound of 5%. And if 
you look at our trajectory, we hovered around and we came down to around 4.8% 
down and further jump back. I think looking at the overall environment, the cost of 
funds and rightfully passing on the reduction in the cost of borrowings to the customer 
is a fair and right thing for an institution to really do. 
 
And that with continued softening, as what Ghanshyam ji highlighted about the 
softening of expected cost of borrowing, we'll be able to balance that on the entire 
portfolio. And even on the portfolio, we have 70% floating as far as the passing on the 
PLR reduction is concerned. 
 
So we are pretty confident as we've guided. So we are well above the guided level of 
5%. So, we are currently at 5.34% and we are confident of 5% plus, ranging between 
5.20% to 5.25% in the coming quarters. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. Second question is on your branch and workforce count that has been 
more or less same since last few quarters. I think you may have mentioned, or another 
participant may have mentioned that there has been some consolidation. So I actually 
wanted to ask that what is your plan for next year, but I think you've already answered 
that, around 50 branches. 
 
Can you give some color on employee attrition? Because I noticed that, that workforce 
count has not been increasing as such. And your employee productivity has also been 
coming down. I'm guessing that's partly impacted because of the higher attrition that's 
there in the industry in general. So your thoughts on this will be very helpful. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Raghav, as we speak, we are at 410 branches. So I think from a branch perspective, 
we continue to go and expand in more deeper in the geographies which we are, and we 
have an RRO model, which is a Resident Relationship Officer model, which is without 
the branch that is what we cover to. So, I think that is one we will further strengthen in 
the coming quarters.  
And again, developing and building those model branches, as I spoke earlier, also will 
help us from a branch expansion perspective. Secondly, I think a lot of further parts on 
the Rise kind of program, which we've done, I think, which has resulted into holding on 
to our attrition rates at constant compared to the industry standards. 
 
I think there are 2, 3 things which actually help us to have stability. And some of that 
doesn't really fortify initially in the coming immediate months on productivity. But as 

 
 
you proceed and the vintage of the RRO really is the first mile relationship officer starts, 
you start delivering and getting the productivity over a period of the next quarter. 
 
So, from that perspective, we're confident of getting that productivity rise. Again, this 
is also backed up by how we've done scientifically and analytically right to get that and 
help that in the right perspective. So, I think from that perspective, we are very clear 
that this will also help us in building across in the current quarter as well as the next 
quarter. 
This is as a part of the branch excellence program, which I spoke across, which is 
Project Rise, which strengthens the employee engagement to structure recognition 
and clear pathway. So there's a right mechanism put in place institutionally to help that 
to build in a stronger and enduring way. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Shreepal Doshi from Equirus. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
My question was on the asset quality front. So undoubtedly, we've done decent 
performance with trends improving. So incrementally, is that also likely to help us on 
seeing better business momentum as we can now relax some of the underwriting 
related norms in the coming quarters? Would we look at doing that in order to, let's 
say, revive business momentum and our disbursements? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
So Shreepal, we've always looked at risk-adjusted return, looking at the credit 
environment. And whenever we felt that it is conducive as per our standards, I think we 
accelerate. So having seen, it is not about that having achieved a particular goal, you 
really step up. You really look at the environment and then you really find that it is 
suitable, credit conducive and it gives us risk-adjusted returns in a format which Aavas 
as an institution has worked across over a period of so many years. We actually then 
try to look at the market and capture and accelerate our growth pedal. 
 
So we continue to build that. And I think what you see now is our earlier credit cautious 
approach considering the environment, which is resulting in such numbers. We always 
focused on our input quality. Whenever there is a credit conducive environment from 
a perspective, both customer side and the property side, we've always pushed the 
pedal and accelerated the pedal as it comes and as the environment really helps us. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
So, sir, in that case, are you feeling that you are in a position where you would want to 
accelerate the disbursement or business momentum for us? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Yes. As I spoke, so we had a couple of states as we had called out earlier, which have 
seen a positive credit environment really playing out, typically states of Karnataka, 
both from a perspective of the credit behaviors and the microfin outlay and overhang, 
which was there, followed by the registration, which was actually now getting 
streamlined because of the Khata-related challenges which had posed. So I think as 
that really pushes out, we put acceleration on the right kind of credit growth. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
But sir, apart from that also because Karnataka is just 4%. So I mean, are you seeing 
the similar trends in some of our key geographies, which is Rajasthan, Maharashtra, 
Gujarat, MP? So are you seeing this North Central belt also giving you signs of business 
momentum improving at customer levels? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Yes. So, in our base rate, it is such a high base level, we continue to grow in Rajasthan 
at a compounded rate of ~20% or so. And with 111 branches, and at an AUM which is 
touching about Rs. 7,400 crores for us in Rajasthan, we, at that base, continue to grow 
with a supreme and pristine quality. 

 
 
 
UP is one of the areas on the expansion spree for us in the coming years to really get 
into much deeper. We've had 5 years plus of an experience in there and touchwood 
the quality has been pristine from our risk metric perspective. And that's one area 
which will go deeper further to expand the Uttar Pradesh belt, so to say. So yes, Uttar 
Pradesh belt, the states -- the cohort of our states, which are a 10-year kind, which is 
Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra and MP really contributing to the ones. 
The other cohort, which is the likes of Haryana, Delhi and specifically UP, where we 
have been only with about 39 branches in UP, that's one state which we want to really 
push the pedal and accelerate given that we have had experience of more than 5 years 
in that state. 
 
And plus, as we said that, called out earlier, on the southern states, we are still having 
Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, 3 states actually available to us for our 
growth opportunities. We just entered Tamil Nadu, but these 3 states, along with 
Karnataka, the southern states, the cohort of the old states, which are vintage states 
and the existing ones like the UP, where we like to expand, will really help us go much 
deeper and accelerate growth. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it, sir. Sir, the second question was while you highlighted that we'll have 25% 
disbursement growth as target for FY27, what would be the loan growth aspiration for 
FY27 in that case? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
So, I expect that we have a 25%+ growth on the disbursement. See, to put that in 
metrics in a very simplistic manner, we said that we are doing around ~Rs.1.4 crores 
per branch per month on an average basis. Just a bump up of Rs. 1.6 crores to Rs. 1.7 
crores really help us to move the needle much faster, plus an additional as Rs. 25 lakhs 
to Rs. 30 lakhs of business per branch really moves that. And why I'm saying so is 
based on a lot of management initiatives, which have been taken like the branch 
excellence program, which really help us to granularly move the needle in all of this. 
And incrementally, that actually helps us to project that kind of forecast, that kind of 
growth in a very, very secular and a granular manner. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it and the loan book growth guidance for FY27? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Yes, that would be in the range of 17% to 18%. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Which is almost around 300 basis points better than the FY26. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Chintan Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Chintan Shah: 
So yes, on the disbursements, again, we are guiding that it would be 25% run rate 
driven by the branch expansion and a couple of projects which we have implemented 
which is the kind of transformation projects and due to inflation. But so just on, asking 
in a different way, what could be the risk which could lead us to not achieve this? Do 
you envisage any risk? Or what could be the probable risk, which could lead to a miss 
on this number, if any, which you could think of right now?  
Sachinder Bhinder: 
I think it is only about the macroeconomic stability that has to continue. There has not 
to be any of the typical headwinds which really should blow us out or any black swan 
event which is very difficult to underwrite or to predict. Other than that, on the basis of 
what we are currently doing and whatever we've seen in Q3 and what we've seen in 
Q4, I think that gives us confidence to really project and forecast with the granular and 
secular growth, Chintan. 

 
 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure, sir. So, nothing related to the competition or assets, probably interest rates 
movement, probably that could be a deterrent to this growth, right? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
No, nothing of that sort that we envisage. See, if you look at a couple of things which 
you would try to really to highlight is the BT out. I think that's one indicator which you 
would really look at it. For Q3, we are at 5.1%, which is 60 bps lower than in the same 
period last year. 
 
And again, from a ticket size perspective, if you look at it, whatever competition or what 
people are envisaging on the affordable housing finance companies as you we step up, 
I think the ticket size is very, very different range. That's point number two. 
 
Point number three is, we are focused very much on self-assessment based, self-
employed nonprofessionals as one of our key segments, which are around 15% new 
to credit. 92% of them remain to be new to mortgage, which is for the first dwelling 
house that they are taking and raising the finance, which is very different from 
underwriting something which has a different connotation from an affordable, which is 
in excess of Rs. 25 lakhs, as what people really classify. 
 
So from our segment, we are very clear, that our reach Tier 2, Tier 3 towns, deep impact 
one, understanding of having underwritten more than 0.5 million customers at this 
period of time as we speak. That's one which we already underwritten. 
 
Plus the kind of logins which we do every month, we have a proper data history of the 
customers, what we have sourced, what we have underwritten, how they have 
performed. I think there's a lot of data and science available to us to understand much 
more granularly, secularly, region-wise, customer segment-wise. I think that really 
helps us and stands out in the market actually. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure, sir. That is quite helpful. And just one last thing on the Tamil Nadu. Sir we have 
recently entered Tamil Nadu with around 10 branches. So, but given that this is a very 
highly competitive market, which is what we hear from peers as well, so how are we 
placing ourselves to gain market share? And any numbers you could throw on the 
disbursements or AUM targets for Tamil Nadu for FY27? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
So Chintan, if you look at Aavas's philosophy of doing credit right, and once we enter a 
new state, we give good enough time to understand the credit environment, the local 
environment and then really step up. And we've never chased market share, so really, 
so to say. And the market share chase is typically when you go out in the market and 
try to do BT in and stuff like that. I think we've never believed in that philosophy. 
 
And even if you look at from a perspective of entry into Tamil Nadu, that is where we 
started Hosur, we were there in Karnataka, and we entered the piece which is nearing 
the Karnataka belt. So understanding of the market, doing the credit right and giving 
enough time for the market to mature to understand for the segments which we serve 
for.I think and then typically, we step up.  
And as we've guided, we will continue to do that in the near-term period. And we are 
confident in the next year having opened 10 and another 7 branches, we are at 17 
branches, that will additionally add about Rs. 75 crores to Rs. 100 crores next year to 
our kitty. 
 
But as I again reiterate, we've never chased market share. I think when you start 
chasing market share, I think it's very important to get the foundation right in the new 
state which you do.  

 
 
So, like, for example, the last state which we entered was Karnataka. So we're very 
cautious about what we underwrite, what we put the fundamentals in place and then 
really accelerate which is there. And to your point of competition, I think from a 
perspective of the market segments which we serve, we are very, very sure about the 
kind of potential which is available there as we are clear on SENP focus, unserved, 
underserved, plus the new to credit and new to mortgage. 
 
So I think that gives us confidence getting into those markets and building that. And I 
think I look at from an opportunity perspective for Aavas, because if you look at, we 
have 3 states are actually available for us to really build on, which is Tamil Nadu, 
Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rajiv Mehta from Yes Securities. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Congratulations on good performance on asset quality and spreads. I just have 2-3 
things. First is for having a better productivity, any changes planned in incentivization 
for employees and channels? That's first question. 
 
Second is on this 1+ DPD improvement, did the bounce improve? Or did we make a 
better effort on collections and hence, were you able to correct the same a larger 
volume of bounce? And third is on asset quality, generally, traditionally, we see a large 
pullback in buckets and sizable recoveries in Q4. It did not happen last year because 
it was a difficult income liquidity environment for customers. But this quarter, in Q4, 
can we revert back to that traditional movement in asset quality, which we generally 
see in Q4? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
I think you have three questions. I'll answer the second question. I think the input 
quality of credit underwriting is the ones which really define on risk-adjusted returns 
and doing the robust risk management practices has always helped Aavas right from 
day 1. And foundationally, our risk architecture really contributes towards sound 
sourcing, sound underwriting and sound risk management. 
 
And coupled with state-of-art digital and analytical PAR collection mechanism and as 
we say that we have a robust one on predictive, prescriptive and descriptive analytics 
to really forecast the probability of the bounce much before the customer really 
bounces. So I think all of have been perfected. I think all of that really put together really 
helps us to deliver for what we are, what numbers you see on board. That's answer to 
your question number two. 
 
Question one was on the employee productivity. As I spoke that the branch excellence 
programs under the part of where we focus on really helping the channel and helping 
the last mile frontline salesperson to know where to go, how to go and how to 
approach aided by a digital mechanism that's led by the pin code identification, the 
market identification and coupled with lot of CSC-led or eMitra-led kind of sourcing, 
which is also helping to really increase the one.  
So, what is important there is how do you increase the throughput when your input 
increases by the visits, which I said. I'm again reiterating that we've seen 30% increase 
in the sales visits by the front line, which has resulted into the good quality really 
coming in and finance resulting into a good stable growth. 
 
And again, we will really look at Gen AI, bot implementation in Q4, which will help in 
collection as an advanced stage from our analytics perspective, which will also help 
in the quality, which is there. And as we move on this, we will enhance digitally aided 
and to the frontline staff to increase their productivity in the right manner. So I think we 

 
 
are incentivizing the right kind of effort by digitally aiding them to perform and helping 
them to really source right, source well and source it in quality manner. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And the third question was on the traditional pullback that we see, which is very 
significant in Q4 asset quality. Would we see that kind of a pullback in this quarter as 
well? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
By seeing the January number, I think we are at a good trajectory, have a pullback in 1+. 
I think after a quarter of our 1+, we start to see a good bounce back in the 90-plus in 
Stage 2. So, we are quite hopeful our number will be much better on the quality front, 
because across the state, we are seeing improvement. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sonal Gandhi from AM Securities. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
So, when I look at AUM per branch for Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh, 
now these 3 states have been showing growth of less than 10%, probably MP being 
somewhere closer to 4%. Now if you look at the data, even the branches have not been 
really added over the last 7, 8 quarters in the states. 
 
So anything that has happened in the states? Or are the attritions high, is the 
competitive intensity high? Or do you kind of tighten your credit features? This 
contributes almost 30% of your AUM, if you could talk about it? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
So, I think MP, we had called out earlier on certain part of which is there. I think the 
other, we really look at Aavas from an opportunity perspective, both from Gujarat and 
Uttar Pradesh. I think as we speak, we are focused on, Uttar Pradesh going really 
deeper into the geographies, and the districts of Uttar Pradesh, and that's what our 
plan is for the next financial year. So that will actually help us to really scale that 
operations in Uttar Pradesh. 
 
And specifically on Gujarat, we are going quite deep because we've realized and 
recognized that we are there in the state for the last 10 years. And we've had a lot of 
implementation programs of going deeper by the RRO mechanism, which is resident 
representative offices, which we are looking at it, coupled by model branches. 
 
I think that spread out for us in Gujarat will also contribute and help us to build the right 
mechanism and scale up rightfully in that state. So, this is what for the 3 states for 
Aavas which would be helpful in the coming quarters. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
Sir, my second question was on opex-to-assets. So, we are planning to add 25 
branches this quarter, probably 6-7 already added, 50 branches next year. So that's a 
big chunk. So how do we see our opex-to-assets moving? 
 
And second related would be on ROE. So our ROEs are still at 14.3%. So on a stable 
basis, where do you see ROEs reaching in, say, next 2 to 3 years? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Yes, we appreciate your question. I think when we opened the branch, so I think 25 
branches just make out to roughly 5% of your total branch strength. And all these 
branches, we are opening in the deep market, so per branch opening infra-cost is not 
that high. Generally, now these small branches have a manpower 4 plus 1. We are 
going deeper through RRO, as Sachinder ji mentioned, where it hardly adds any opex 
cost. 
 
So in mix all these things, we are confident that our opex is more or less on downward 
trajectory. Yes, when CVC came, they announced ESOP plan for long-term 

 
 
management growth, management performance, so that the extra cost came in this 
Q3. 
 
If you remove that one, you will find it is not much change in Q2 to Q3 or on a year-on-
year basis. So excluding ESOP cost, we are at a similar level. Yes, with digital, all the 
infra tech, we are looking forward to next year to another 25-basis point opex saving in 
the next year. And with this 25%+ disbursement growth, 18% in AUM growth will give 
us a 25-basis point opex saving in the next year. 
Sonal Gandhi: 
On the ROE part? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
ROE, again, we are now close to 5% plus spread, which is now more or less 
sustainable despite 15 basis point reduction. Opex, as I mentioned, we are in that 
range. Credit cost, we are not seeing much change. We are confident that 20 basis 
point credit costs across, I think in the next couple of years, every year we don't see. 
So all these lead to sustainable better ROE. And ultimately, our growth is coming back. 
So that will increase our leverage. 
 
So obviously, right now, we are almost 16% on net worth growing on annually without 
bringing new capital on the table because of all the Ind-AS adjustment on P&L basis, 
you find ROE around less than 15%. But at net worth growth level without taking any 
new capital, it is 16% around consistently. So we are in that trajectory of, let's say, net 
worth growth 16% to 18% in the next couple of years. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would like to hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. Thank you, and over to 
you, team. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Ladies & Gentlemen, as we conclude today’s earnings call, I would like to extend my 
sincere gratitude to each of you for your time, engagement, and continued support. The 
progress we’ve made is a testament to the unwavering dedication of our team, the 
trust placed in us by our shareholders, and the enduring loyalty of our customers. 
Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about the opportunities that lie before us. We are 
confident that our strategic initiatives, underpinned by prudent risk management and 
a customer-centric approach, will continue to deliver sustainable growth and long-
term value for all our stakeholders. Should you have any further questions or require 
additional information, please feel free to reach out to Rakesh Shinde, our Head of 
Investor Relations. 
Thank you once again, and we wish you all the absolute best in the days ahead. God 
Bless. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Aavas Financiers Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you, team. 
