 
 
 
 
 
 
BlueStone Jewellery and Lifestyle Limited 
[Formerly Known as BlueStone Jewellery and Lifestyle Private Limited] 
Reg. off : Site No. 89/2 Lava Kusha Arcade, Munnekolal Village, Outer Ring Road, Marathahalli, Bangalore - 560037 
statutorycompliance@bluestone.com               www.bluestone.com               CIN: L72900KA2011PLC059678 
Corporate off: 302, Dhantak Plaza, Makwana Road, Marol, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400 059, Maharashtra. 
Contact No: 080 4514 6904 
January 29, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Ltd.   
Listing Department, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001.  
(Scrip Code: Equity - 544484),  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051. 
(Symbol: BLUESTONE, Series EQ) 
 
Dear Sirs/ Madam, 
 
Sub.: – Q3 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript. 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the 
Earnings Call held on January 22, 2026 for Q3 FY 2025-26 has been available on the 
website of the Company’s website at www.bluestone.com under Investors Relations-> 
Investor updates -> 2025-2026-> Q3. 
 
Link :  https://kinclimg1.bluestone.com/static/ir/msf/files/iu/BlueStone-Q3FY26-Earnings-
call-transcript.pdf 
   
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Your Sincerely, 
 
For Bluestone Jewellery and Lifestyle Limited  
(Formerly known as Bluestone Jewellery and Lifestyle Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha 
Managing Director  
DIN: 01674879  
 
 
 
Gaurav Singh 
Kushwaha
Digitally signed by 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha 
Date: 2026.01.29 
12:16:27 +05'30'

 
1 
 
 
 
 
BlueStone Jewellery and Lifestyle Limited
  
Q3 FY26 Earnings Call
 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT : 
MR. GAURAV SINGH KUSHWAHA – FOUNDER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR , C HIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER , 
BLUE STONE JEWELLERY & LIFESTYLE LIMITED 
MR. RUMIT DUGAR – C HIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER , 
BLUE STONE JEWELLERY & LIFESTYLE LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to the BlueStone 
Jewellery & 
Lifestyle Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen
-only mode . And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” 
then “0” on your touch -tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Diwakar Pingle. Thank you, and over to you, sir.
 
Diwakar Pingle: 
Thank you very much, Swapnali. Good evening to all participants on this call. Welcome 
to the Q3 and 9M FY '26 earnings call of BlueStone Jewellery.
 
 
Before we proceed in this call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain 
forward -looking statements that may involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with our business 
risks that could caus
e future result performance, or achievement to differ significantly 
from what is expressed or implied in such forward
-looking statements. Please note 
that we have mailed the results and the same is available on the exchange. In case you 
have not received the same, you can write to us, and we
 will be happy to send the same 
over to you. 
 
To take us through the results and answer your questions today, we have the 
management of BlueStone 
Jewellery & Lifestyle
 Limited, represented by Mr. Gaurav 
Singh Kushwaha
 – Founder and Managing Director, Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. 
Rumit Dugar – Chief Financial Officer. We will start the call with a brief overview of the 
quarter gone past and then conduct the Q&A session.
 
 
With that said, I will hand over the call to Gaurav. Over to you, Gaurav.
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Good evening, everyone
. A nd thank you for joining us today for BlueStone's 
third 
quarter Earnings Call .  
 
I am pleased to share that we have had yet another stellar quarter, marking an 
important milestone for the company.
 We delivered our first quarter of reported net 
profit, a clear inflection point in the evolution of our business model. This was driven 
by good revenue momentum and a very solid operating EBITDA performance. This is 
not just about one 
quarter , it reflects years of disciplined execution and structural 
investment we had made to build a scalable business, prioritizing long term value 
creation. W hat gives us confidence is that this profitability has come alongside strong 
underlying growth trends. And as we look ahead, we see revenue momentum 
accelerating into Q4.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Further details on the financial performance will be covered by Rumit in his remarks.
 
Let me spend a few minutes on the broader demand environment. 
 
 
The sharp rise in gold prices significantly altered the industry's demand mix last 
quarter. We saw the market shift towards commodity and investment
-led categories 
such as coins and 
chains, which are typically price
-led lower margin segments. Now, 
these are the categories where we have historically chosen not to participate 
aggressively, given our 
“Technology -Led Product
-First” approach that focuses on 
design differentiation and stronger gross margins. 
 
 
Our performance is better understood by looking at consumer product demand. Here, 
trends remain encouraging despite sharp gold prices.
 Festive demand in October was 
strong, moderated in November, and then rebounded sharply in December. From our 
perspective, one of the impacts of ris
e in gold prices was that the certain entry
-level 
price points got vacated. In response, we repopulated these price points and we saw 
the result of some of that in December, with December exit revenues growing 
approximately 35% year -on-year. 
 
A key enabler for this performance continues to be our omni
-channel strategy, which 
seamlessly connects our online presence with a steadily expanding physical retail 
footprint. This integration allows us to engage customers across discovery, purchase, 
and repeat cycles, while leveraging data and inventory more effi
ciently across 
channels. As of December
-end, we had 323 stores across 130 cities, having added 12 
new stores during the quarter, further strengthening our reach and brand presence.
 
Our customer b
ase grew 25% year -on-year to 903,000 customers and same store sale 
growth of 12% year -on-year. Again, I would like to reemphasize that December same
- 
store -sale s-growth exit rates were in mid
-teens, with January trending better than 
December. 
 
Let me now turn to one of the critical drivers of our long
-term growth and margins, 
which is the strong cohort performance. We have been confident that all our cohorts 
will demonstrate productivity that was seen by FY '19 and FY '20 cohorts. To give you 
mo re color, we are happy to share some more details on the cohorts from various 
stages.  
 
So, for nine months, or YTD, stores opened in FY '19
-'20 delivered revenue per store per 
month of approximately 
Rs. 1.2 crores. Stores opened in FY '21 -'22 delivered a per store 
per month revenue of approximately 
Rs. 80 lakhs, and stores opened in FY '23 
delivered per store per month revenues of approximately 
Rs. 70 lakhs for first nine 
months of the year. This translates into annualized revenues of 
Rs. 14 crores, Rs. 10 
crores and Rs. 8.3 crores, respectively. These cohorts comprise of more than 150 store
s. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
4 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
And as mentioned, all these cohorts are growing at a pretty healthy clip, and we expect 
all the remaining cohorts to also eventually catch up with FY '19
-'20 cohorts. 
 
With that, I will ask Rumit to share his opening remarks, and then we can open the 
floor to the Q&A. 
Rumit Dugar: 
Thank you, Gaurav. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I
 will 
briefly walk you through the financial performance for this quarter. I
 will keep my 
remarks brief as we have detailed disclosures and materials available on the stock 
exchanges. I would encourage you to go through our management commentary and 
the investor presentation, which have lot of detailed disclosures.
 
 
Turning to the quarter
: 
During the quarter, standalone revenues grew by 27.4% year
-on-year to Rs. 748 crores. 
As mentioned earlier in our call, our revenues are accounted for on retail sales basis, 
including franchisee stores. This means our reported growth reflects pure secondary 
sales to consumers, even for franchisee stores, offering a clean and tra
nsparent view 
of demand at the retail consumer level.
 
 
Excluding inventory gains, pre
-IndAS EBITDA margins for the quarter stood at a solid 
12.1% at Rs. 90.3 crores, driven by robust contribution margin performance, greater 
number of store cohorts moving in better productivity buckets
, and scale benefits on 
corporate costs, including A&P. More importantly, on a YTD basis, we are at 
Rs. 129.6 
crores of pre -IndAS EBITDA versus 
Rs. 7.4 crores last year YTD. This reflects a margin 
of 7.4% YTD as compared to less than 1% in same period last year. This clearly 
demon strates that the operating leverage is starting to reflect in EBITDA margins and 
growth. There is still a fair runway to expand this further, driven by cohort maturities 
and business scale.
 
 
As Gaurav highlighted earlier, this was our first quarter of reported PAT of 
Rs. 71.5 
crores as compared to a loss of 
Rs. 26.9 crores in the same quarter last year. 
Importantly, the business generated a solid cash profit of about 
Rs. 122 crores for the 
quarter. Contribution margin, which is a key product margin metric that we look at, 
excluding inventory gain, stood at 33.3%, an improvement of 333 basis points year
-on-
year. This is despite lower studded mix on a Y
-o-Y basis of 61%. Thi s was offset by scale 
benefits, improved product mix within studded products, and manufacturing 
efficiencies. 
 
A&P spends continue
d to show operating leverage, supported by business scale and 
high repeat mix, with repeats contributing 57.8% of revenues this quarter. Our old gold 
exchange program continued to remain most competitive in the market. Overall, A&P 

 
 
 
 
 
 
5 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
as a percentage of sales stood at 5.7% for the quarter, down about 129 basis points year
-
on-year. 
 
To conclude, this quarter clearly demonstrates the operating leverage embedded in 
our model. There is potential room to expand EBITDA significantly ahead of revenues, 
and with the cost discipline with which we are scaling the business.
 
 
With that, we can open the floor for questions.
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question
-and -answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Percy
 Panthaki from IIFL. Please go ahead.
 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi, team. Just wanted to understand the margin here. So, on a sequential basis, the 
margins excluding inventory gain pre
-IndAS have gone up from about 3% to 12%
, so 
that's a 900 basis points kind of expansion sequentially. I understand that the 
contribution margin, ex
-inventory gain, has gone up about 150 basis points, and there 
is some saving in ad spend maybe approximately about 300 basis points. So, that 
explains about half of that 900 basis points. What is the remaining half? Where has t
he 
margin expansion come from?
 
Rumit Dugar : 
So, Percy, I think in the last quarter also we explained
, what truly happens is you have 
to look at how the aggregate cost base kind of moves. So, if you look at between Q3 
and Q2, Q2 revenue was 
Rs. 513 crores and Q3 revenue was 
Rs. 748 crores. So, for that 
incremental revenue that we added sequentially, our aggregate cost base, including 
everything - employee cost, store rents, store facility maintenance costs 
do not shift 
significantly on a quarter
-on-quarter basis. So, this is the foundational operating 
leverage that is inbuilt in our business. 
 
 
And as more store cohort productivity expands, the fixed cost base remains 
reasonably stagnant or grows at a modest pace while your incremental revenue will 
flow through to EBITDA at the rate of contribution margin.
 So that is really the flow 
through. And if you do the delta between incremental revenue that we added at the 
contribution level, you
 will pretty much get to the operating leverage and the 
outcomes that we have delivered.
 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. So, just for me to get a sense of the operating leverage in Q3 and therefore 
actually try and project annualized numbers
, because this is clearly a big quarter and 
there is a huge operating leverage.
 The question I wanted to ask you is that
, on account 
of normal seasonality, the monthly sale in Q3 is approximately what percentage 
higher compared to average for the year? I
 am not talking about this year or anything
, 
I am just talking as a concept or in principle. Q3 typically the 
monthly sale is how much 
percentage higher than annual average
? If you can tell me that, it will help in 
calculating the operating leverage impact for full year. Or rather what I want to say is 

 
 
 
 
 
 
6 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
that at just this 12% margin on a Q3 basis, how much would it normalize work out to a 
annualized basis given the different sales throughput for the quarter versus the year?
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Percy , Gaurav this side. S ee, depending on how the operating revenue moves between 
quarters, I think that percentage changes drastically, as we saw between Q1, Q2 and Q3 
also, where Q3 is at around 12%. Now, last year, Q4 was around 
Rs. 460 crores and what 
we are seeing right now
, we are trending at almost 35% growth over the last Q4. And 
let's say if that continues, this Q4 will land somewhere between 
Rs. 620 crores to Rs. 
630 crores. I am just telling you how to look at it.
 Now, if you do the same calculation 
here also ; on Rs. 748 crores we had Rs. 90 crores of pre -IndAS EBITDA, then with those 
numbers Q4 would be approximately, let's say, 
Rs. 120 crores lesser than Q3
, the 
revenues . So, revenue for Q4 would be approximately 
Rs. 120 crores lesser than Q3.
 
And 33% of that, of 
Rs. 120 crores would be approximately 
Rs. 40-42 crores . So, Q4 
EBITDA hence should be, let's say, lesser by that much. And then that should serve the 
base for the subsequent Q1
. And that's how we calculate it, as in the back of the 
envelope calculation, that
 is how we do. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay , understood. I will probably take this offline because I think it
 is a little more 
complex than that, because we
 will have to look at it on a per -store basis also, because 
as the number of stores are getting added, the cost base would also increase to that 
extent. But anyways, I will take that offline.  
 
Also I wanted to understand one more thing that
, you said that there were some entry 
price points which were unaffordable and therefore, I mean, the product merchandise 
this quarter was very less at the entry price points. Is that also a factor? Because those 
entry price points may be at sort of lower m
argin , so is that like a factor which is 
driving the margins to an extent
? A nd because you are repopulating those price 
points, will that versus this quarter again see a margin drag?
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Yes. Percy, so in our data we 
do not see that. It's not that, let's say, sub Rs. 20,000 or sub 
Rs. 30,000 product have lower gross margins or lower contribution margins, that kind 
of a trend is not there in the data. So, there
 is no implication of that. The only 
implication of those price points being 
vacated was that, see generally traditionally or 
historically we have been very strong on entry level price points, which is where we 
acquire a lot of customers and then kind of grow with them over time.
 
 
With those price points being vacated, we believe that our growth suffered in 
November and, let's say, first one week of December. 
We started work on that, let's say, 
early in the November, and then it took some time for us. So, I think our growth got 
impacted because of that. But in terms of percentage shift in the gross margins or 
contribution margin, that is not a trend that we have
 in our data. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. And lastly, if you can give some idea on how do you look
 at store 
additions on an annual basis this year as well as next year.
 
Rumit Dugar: 
So, this year, I think we will be in that 65, 70 kind of range, right? We closed at 323 stores, 
so Y -o-Y in that 70 kind of handle versus March '25. I think next year we
 will come back 
to you once we finish this year. So, when we discuss Q4 is when we can give you better 
color in terms of how we are looking at next year.
 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. Yes, that's it from me. Thank you.
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
Hi Gaurav, thanks for taking my question. So, I just wanted to delve deeper on the 
growth front. So, it is a tad lower versus that reported by peers in both the traditional 
jewelry space as well as the space that you operate in. Even when you say that this
 is 
the kind of number , that also is materially below what the others have reported, right? 
So, can you sort of give us more granular explanation as in what exactly led to a slower 
growth for us ? 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Sure. Okay, so first of all, very different operating environment this last quarter was 
compared to how things generally are
, with gold being that volatile and it's the most 
volatile territory that I have seen the gold in.
 So basically two things. So what that 
results in, that actually increases the demand for commodity products like gold coins, 
gold chains with very little margin and gold bangles with very low margin 
etc. And that 
is where a sharp increase in that demand comes from, and almost all the traditional
 
jewelers are heavily indexed on those
, and whereas we are extremely under
-indexed 
on all those products.
 
 
Secondly, almost all the jewelers report primary sales, whereas we only report retail 
sales. Whether that is traditional jewelers, whether that is CaratLane, whosoever is, it's 
a mix of primary and secondary sales. So, there is generally delta between that and the 
retail sales also. So, these are the two major differences, and then that merchandisi
ng 
issue that we noticed in our inventory somewhere in end of October and early 
November. And I think these are the three reasons why the growth numbers are lowe
r, 
but we see that as a one
-off. I think in stable environment things will revert back to 
normalcy. And also, in our December exit rate and our January rate, so basically on 
our continuing run rate we see almost 35% of growth
, that keeps us happy
, that is good 
enough for us . 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
Fair enough. But however, still CaratLane reported almost 40% growth, so there may 
not be such a material difference between primary and secondary. But I take your 

 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
point that at least the growth has sort of improved for you in December and 
subsequently in Q4 as well. 
 
Rumit Dugar: 
So, Devanshu, just on the first bit that it is not materially different. I think if you look at 
last quarter, their reported revenue growth was 32% and retail sales was 25%. So, it is 
really different, at least historically. So, maybe I think you should just see what the 
retail sales numbers are.
 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
Fair enough, Rumit. So, thanks for the clarification. The other part was on the LGD 
space, so we 
see incremental investments across players and we have also sort of 
increased our investment in materials. So, any incremental views on this space in 
terms of how we are sort of planning to ramp up our presence would be helpful.
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha
: Yes. So, very early days for 
lab grown . We are seeing some good traction in lab
-grown 
brand Ethereal. They have very few stores
, and it is kind of a discovery phase and it 
seems to be doing well. And hence 
we have decided to put in some more money. 
And 
like I said, it is a very early stage for that product segment per se. So, I think we
 will 
have to see, we will have to observe how it evolves and then take a firm opinion on 
that. 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
Gaurav, any assortment or difference that you can help us better understand in terms 
of how Ethereal is sort of playing this space versus how BlueStone is playing
? And also , 
any customer segmentation that you can help us better understand
, is it the same 
customer being targeted by both BlueStone and Ethereal, or they
 are entirely separate 
consumer segments that are being targeted by both the brands?
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha:
 Yes. Okay, so the way it is being run is
, so Ethereal, which is our subsidiary, we have 
74% holding in that, but rest of the equit
y is with the founders
, Nitesh and Sharad. So, 
we generally have a very low
-touch approach, in the sense we encourage them to 
discover their own products, we encourage them to discover their own customers and 
so on. So, there is not too much of an operational overlap between BlueStone and 
Ethereal. I mean, they have been in the business for around five, six months
, and I think 
they are also discovering what kind of products work for them, what kind of products 
do not work for them. 
 
We have not started with a very strong point of view that, okay, these are the products 
that are exactly going to work in lab
-grown , it is very, very early days for that So, they 
are also doing their own discovery. So, it
 is kind of a founder
-led company where we 
have 74% holding and Nitesh and Sharad run it. So, I honestly do not have a very strong 
point of view on what kind of products should work for them. It
 is their job to figure it 
out. 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
Thanks, Gaurav. Thanks for taking my question.
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
9 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from HDFC Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead.
 
Saurabh Jain: 
Hi Gaurav and Rumit. Just wanted to understand
 if I look at the Y -o-Y expense line item, 
so other expenses, ex of A&P, that have gone down by 
Rs. 11 crores. So, what explains 
that? 
Rumit Dugar : 
That is primarily driven by our improvement in contribution margins. So, on the 
manufacturing scale and efficiencies, we had 
a couple of new factories which had 
come up. So, as they build process efficienc
ies through time, and as our scale is 
growing the capacity utilizations or manned capacity utilizations keep expanding, 
there is that operating leverage that flows through on the direct cost.
 
Saurabh Jain: 
No, I am talking about the absolute number
, so absolute number has actually gone 
down . 
Rumit Dugar : 
Yes, Saurabh , I am talking about absolute numbers itself. So, if the productivity at a 
factory level is X, which is a new factory
; over time, as people build more process 
efficiency, the amount of people, time, material 
etc. that you need to spend on, that 
goes down. So, there is that absolute operating leverage that comes because you
 are 
pushing up manned capacity utilization.
 So, there is that factory
-related cost that sits 
in Other Expenses, which is contract laborers, job workers, 
etc. So, there is a fair 
amount of operating leverage that comes from there, even on an absolute cost basis.
 
Saurabh Jain: 
Sorry to push this further. So, I
 am just saying that if the units have gone up in the 
manufacturing facility, I understand the per
-unit cost might come down because of 
the utilization increasing. But how can the absolute cost come down
, I am not able to 
understand that part
? 
Rumit Dugar : 
Because, your manned productivity, if you needed 20 people to create a piece
, because 
the process efficiency, scale, 
etc. are not there, now you need lower number of people 
to do the same task. So, the absolute cost, Saurabh, actually comes down.
 Second is, 
we have also done some consolidation in terms of building scale, right? We operate 
three factories
, s o there is some redistribution of the products, 
etc., that can get 
manufactured, so we can build more competence in single factories where the 
productivity that 
we get for the same throughput continues to expand. So, there is 
some part of that on the manufacturing side that happens.
 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay, fine. Second thing is on the A&P expenses side, so what is the range we should 
expect for like full year going forward? This year we have closed nine months at about 
7% which is materially lower, about 300 basis points lower than the last nine months 
of FY '25. So, what is the number that we should build in here? Like the absolute 

 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
number at about Rs. 40 crores, Rs. 45 crores, is that the run rate we should build i
n on 
a quarterly basis going forward?
 
Gaurav Singh Kushwaha
: So, as we were expanding stores rapidly, we firmly believe that there's significant 
operating leverage sitting on the A&P also
, because the same advertising, same 
promotion spen
d. Now we have more stores to actually tap into the demand being 
generated by that . So, I think historically it was 12%, 9% and so on
, and we expected it to 
come down to around 6%. At 6%, we
 will be scaling it very proportionally with the 
revenues. So, I think YTD is 6.8%, but since these are early stages for the brand also
, we 
would like to keep it, kind of pegged at around 6% going forward.
 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of 
Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead.
 
Tejash Shah: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to know what was the revenue per square 
feet that we clocked this quarter, and what was that number last year same quarter
? 
Rumit Dugar: 
I think the metric that we look at and which we
 have also detailed out in the 
management commentary, and Gaurav spoke about in 
the opening remarks, is 
revenue productivity per store per month by cohort. So, those are the metrics that we 
should look at. Given where our gross margins are and the kind of store productivity 
and absolute contributions that we generate, for a 
Rs. 10 crores or a Rs. 14 crores store, 
the rent or the OpEx would be like about 
Rs. 1 crores . So, really from a per square feet 
basis, etc., it is something that we do not track and look at. 
Tejash Shah: 
So, the reason I ask this is because it
 is partly pertaining to the previous participant's 
question that , if we do that math, and then you
 are saying that as a company we 
do not 
follow that , but if we do that math this quarter looks like more of an excellence coming 
from cost discipline than the operating leverage, because that number has
 not moved 
much apparently. And a lot of cost discipline is visible in our production cost and cost 
line items below that, which the previous participant also 
highlighted. So, just wanted 
to know that how to think about this quarter
? Were you surprised on the productivity 
of the store? Or where was this quarter in excellence on cost discipline that we were 
kind of promising for a while now?
 
Rumit Dugar: 
I think the way to see this is, what we
 have been always saying is that ours is a fixed 
cost model , where there is tremendous amount of operating leverage, which will be 
driven by store productivity
. So it is not about cost excellence, it is about absolute 
operating leverage. So, I think the way to think about this is
, quarter -on-quarter our 
cost base has not shifted, right? So, if I was running 300 stores in Q2, I
 am still running 
300-plus stores in Q3, with the same cost base. But as my reven
ue base is expanding, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
11 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
and if you see our trend for the last four, five, six quarters, that
 is pure operating 
leverage , Tejash, that is playing out.  
 
It is not only just we have cut cost or anything like that
. It's just pure operating leverage, 
where there is incremental revenue which has a high flow
-through rate, given our 
gross margin profile and contribution margin profile, which is significantly different 
from any other player that you may see in this categ
ory. So, the flow -through rates are 
way, way higher than you would see in any other player. So, which is why I understand 
where you are coming from, it surprises because the flow
-through rates are so high
. 
But then you have to compare the difference on the
 contribution margin of ours 
versus generally the category that people operate with.
 
Tejash Shah: 
Perfect. Thanks a lot, and all the best.
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanidhya from Unicorn Assets. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanidhya: 
Sir, my question is kind of follow up from the previous questions. I think everyone is 
confus ed if is the operating leverage or cost cut, whatever. So, let me ask you this way. 
Suppose, say, gold prices today 
Rs. 1.5 lakhs goes to say Rs. 2 lakhs, so like 33% rise , and 
like there our mix is like 50%, 60% for the gold. So, assuming both the numbers, let's say, 
on an average our revenue goes up
, not by the volume, just plain prices like 15%, 20% up. 
Do you think that out of that extra 15%, 20%
, like 33% contr ibution margin, most of it 
would flow down? That's what you
 are saying. 
Rumit Dugar: 
See, I think the simple point that we are making is that there are 323 stores and the 
cost base of operating those stores and operating business is sort of already 
embedded. So, incremental revenue that we are generating has a very high operating 
leverage and that is predominantly driven by aging
. And this quarter, please, I 
encourage all of you to look at our cohort performances. I think historically we
 have 
got feedback that tell us how your other cohorts are kind of doing. And this quarter we 
have kind o
f given some color on how our cohorts are doing. And there are unit 
economics that you can model to those revenue productivity numbers, and that will 
kind of explain that why there is so much operating leverage in our business.
 So, it is 
not about just gold price moving from 
Rs. 1 lakh to Rs. 1.50 lakhs or Rs. 2 lakhs. It is about 
how fundamentally our business operating model is structured and where we are in 
that journey of operating leverage. So, we are still in that early days. And as I mentioned 
in my opening remarks, there is still significant room for margins to expand as we 
continue to build scale in the business.
 
Sanidhya: 
So, secondly, on the contribution margin only, so we have depicted, so since that like 
old stores you can say, or the mature stores have given like 40% gross margins and 35%
 
kind of contribution margins and 25% kind of adjusted EBITDA. Do you think this 

 
 
 
 
 
 
12 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
number is the core or do you think there is further room for even this number to 
expand looking the way things are going in this quarter or you are saying looking 
forward? 
Rumit Dugar: 
So I think
, one , contribution margins are not impacted by just aging
. Because 
contribution margins are more fundamental to the product mix that we carry, the 
merchandise we carry and the way we price our products. I think the delta of aging 
actually shows up more in the operating EBITDA.
 
 
So, operating EBITDA for this quarter was 12% on a pre
-IndAS basis, 7.4% for YTD. And 
as I mentioned, there is still runway for the operating margins that we
 have seen YTD 
to expand further because there is still lot of vintage
-driven growth. If you look at
, our 
FY '19-'20 cohorts are at Rs. 14 crores revenue productivity
, and the other cohorts are 
at 10, 8, 8.5 or 8.3. So, obviously, there is room for them to scale further, right, at least to 
14, and that is what we see at the minimum. So, as these continue to ramp up, there will 
be more operating leverage that will flow through because the cost base of these are 
not going to expand. 
Sanidhya: 
And I would request you to please guide like thoroughly on the store 
expansion going 
forward, because right now the growth looks tremendously coming
, even the cohort 
level looks good for like next two years. But beyond that
, for growth visibility, I would 
request you to please share from going forward the expansion model. Thank you.
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Gupta from ACMIL. Please go 
ahead. 
Karan Gupta: 
My question is again related to the previous participant on the margin side, operating 
EBITDA margin side
. So, on the margin side, how much margins can 
we do when our 
most of the stores are aging towards 
Rs. 14 crores band annually?
 
Rumit Dugar: 
So, I think the way to think about it is that at 
Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 12 crores kind of 
productivity, the store level pre
-IndAS margins are at about 22% to 24%. And as Gaurav 
mentioned, you load about 6% A&P and then some leverage on the corporate cost. 
As 
broader cohort productivity gets to that 
Rs. 10 crores, Rs. 11 crores kind of numbers, the 
baseline margin for the business is going to be in, like, low teens at the minimum
, with 
significant investment continuing on the A&P. So, I think that
 is sort of where the 
trajectory should go to. So, we are at 7.4% YTD, which is why
 I mentioned in my 
commentary there is significant room and significant runway for expansion.
 
Karan Gupta: 
So, 20% to 24% on pre-IndAS basis ? 
Rumit Dugar: 
That I mentioned at the store level EBITDA, and then we load A&P and corporate cost.
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
13 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
Karan Gupta: 
Okay. And how many stores out of 323 are running at 
Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 12 crores or 
Rs. 14 crores of run rate ?  
Rumit Dugar: 
See, I think, we have given a lot of disclosure already on cohort. I 
do not think you see 
many companies giving these kind of disclosures. I 
do not think we can go beyond this 
because there is a lot of competitive data here. So, I think overall the cohorts are large 
enough. 
Karan Gupta: 
Yes, it's 50%, the data I think you shared already. 
Rumit Dugar: 
Yes. So, that's a good enough base for you to draw conclusions on where these cohorts 
can trend to. 
Karan Gupta: 
Yes. Thank you very much.
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Subhanu from 3 Head Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Subhanu: 
Yes, thank you. Good evening and congratulation
s for this kind of modest 
performance. Sir, as you mentioned, our store opening guidance for this year around 
65 to 70. But if I remember right, last quarter Rumit said hit a target around 75 to 80. 
Are you reducing your guidance?
 
Rumit Dugar : 
No, we were in the 70 kind of handle, and I think we should be broadly in that territory. 
I do not think there is a significant deviation
. So, maybe the upper end
, I think, we will 
be in the 70 kind of handle . So, plus minus 5, obviously, we have to look at the operating 
environment and be a little tactical about it.
 
Subhanu: 
Okay. My next question 
is, this quarter is sole PAT
-positive quarter. This PAT
-positive 
quarter will be sustained for next couple of quarter
s or this will be sustained?
 
Rumit Dugar: 
See, I think it is hard to give an absolute forward
-looking statement, but let me try and 
address that question in a way that
, I think fundamentally there is enough operating 
leverage in the business, which has got demonstrated in the past three quarters, 
particularly you
 have seen it in Q3 as well. So, we see still runway for margin 
improvement versus where we are on YTD
, and that is where we would like to leave 
this at. 
Subhanu: 
Okay. Sir, what kind of SSSG we are targeting?
 
Rumit Dugar: 
So, I think in his commentary, Gaurav had mentioned that December SSSGs were in 
mid -teens and January is trending better than December. So, I would just reiterate that 
statement that Gaurav had made in answer to that question.
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
14 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
Subhanu: 
Okay. Thank you and best of luck.
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of 
Abhay Sakariya
 from V C AN and 
Company. Please go ahead.
 
Abhay Sakariya:
 
So, comparing quarter
-on-quarter performance, if you talk about Q3 of '24, there was 
a loss of around 
Rs. 27 crores , and Q3 of '25 there is a PAT of around 
Rs. 69 crores. So, 
the huge difference, it is because of the valuation gain or actual operational or quantity 
performance ? A nd what will be the valuation gain part
? If you can just highlight on 
both. 
Rumit Dugar: 
Yes. So, we have disclosed the inventory gain for the quarter, it
 is Rs. 58.9 crores. So, 
even if you adjust for that, we have a positive PAT.
 
Abhay Sakariya:
 
Okay. And any particular reason, what has been changed in this particular quarter? 
Because I have been observing that we have been making losses for quarter
-on-
quarter also, even in the Q2, Q1
, and even in the last year. So, any particular or major 
changes which you have made so that we have been positive in this particular 
quarter? 
Rumit Dugar : 
See, it's just the way our business is structured, just the way we
 have scaled the 
business is very, very different from what you see typically with traditional big box 
retail, given we are more omni
-channel driven. So, there is a front
-loaded cost base 
that is sitting in our P&L. And as our stores build vintage, as the broader absolute 
revenue scales, there is operating leverage that is flowing in both at store level and at 
corporate costs A&P level. 
So, I think that is what is kind of playing out. And as I said, 
there is still runway to continue to expand.
 
Abhay Sakariya:
 
Okay. Thank you, and best wishes to the company.
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gopal Nawandhar from SBI Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead.
 
Gopal Nawandhar:
 
Thank you. Congratulations to the team for good performance on profitability. Two, 
three things here. One is what is our gross debt and net debt?
 
Rumit Dugar: 
So, gross debt is about 
Rs. 650 crores , net debt is about Rs. 222 crores. 
Gopal Nawandhar:
 
Rs. 222 crores net debt or net cash?
 
Rumit Dugar: 
Yes. Rs. 222 crores is net debt and 
Rs. 650 crores is gross debt.
 
Gopal Nawandhar:
 
Okay. And inventory?
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
15 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
Rumit Dugar: 
Inventory at the end of the quarter?
 
Gopal Nawandhar:
 
Yes. 
Rumit Dugar: 
Rs. 2,280 crores. 
Gopal Nawandhar:
 
Okay. So, I think if I recollect it right, last quarter we had net cash and lower inventory. 
This quarter we only added 12 stores, and this matrix is where I think we are kind of 
not able to optimize. So, can you just 
throw some more color on inventory, when we 
can see inventories coming down?
 
Rumit Dugar: 
So, Gopal, bulk of the change in inventory is actually driven by movement in gold price 
on the hedge positions
. So, bulk of the change between Q2 and Q3 
is coming from 
mark -to-market on hedge positions
, so it is largely driven by that.
 
Gopal Nawandhar:
 
And in terms of network addition, how should one look at next year and 
the year after? 
Rumit Dugar: 
So, I think next year, on an absolute basis, maybe after Q4 we
 will be able to give you a 
more concrete number. But fundamentally if you see at least our last, two, three year 
trend, I think we
 have been in that 70 -80 kind of handle broadly. So, that's been the 
historical trend. And at our end, see, there is a large enough distribution that we 
already have . Obviously, there is significant room to continue to expand network. If 
you compare us to a lot of the peers, and you just map our city presence to, let's say, 
the large peer city presence, there is significant growth runway both on city and 
density. So, fr
om a medium
-term perspective, there is significant runway to keep 
expanding the network.
 But absolute number, G
opal, I think maybe after Q4 we can 
come back to you on what we are looking to do in FY '27.
 
Gopal Nawandhar:
 
Sure. And one more thing, considering that this increase in the gold prices, earlier our 
plan was to reduce FOCO stores and convert them into 
COCO. Considering the kind of 
investments it needs for new store, will that plan be delayed or will still consolidate 
from FOCO to COCO?
 
Rumit Dugar : 
So, the consolidation is happening from FOCO to COCO, and that I think will continue 
because that is a very expensive capital structure that we are running related to what 
our cost of capital is. So, that consolidation obviously makes economic sense and is
 
PAT accretive. So, that piece will continue. Gopal, there is no change in that thought 
process or strategy. 
Gopal Nawandhar:
 
Okay. Sure. Thank you very much.
 
Rumit Dugar : 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
16 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead.  
Devanshu Bansal:
 
Thanks for the follow
-up opportunity. I wanted to build on Gopal's question. So, you 
indicated that the mark
-to-market has been built upon the inventory this quarter, can 
you call out the quantum of that
, as in what is the MTM loss that has been built into the 
inventory? 
Rumit Dugar: 
MTM loss? There is no MTM loss. If you are hedged, your inventory gets marked up, 
right, so that's about it. I mean, I 
do not want to call out how much of it is, but you can 
actually see how much the gold has moved between September 30th and December 
31st. So, it's an easy calculation.
 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
Yes. So, basically that means, so when gold price is in an increasing environment, and 
on your hedge contracts you will be having some losses
, so that has built upon the 
inventory, the amount which has led to this increase in inventory. Is my understanding 
correct? 
Rumit Dugar: 
I mean, it's a mark -to-market . So, if you are borrowing through GML, the value of GML 
will go up and the value of inventory will go up. So, this happens on leased gold, this 
happens if you are hedging through GML, this happens if you are hedging through 
futures. 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
No, that is fair. 
Rumit Dugar : 
And this is not specific to us
, you can look at any balance sheet.
 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
No, that's fair , I understand that. The intent of asking this was as in
, can this loss sort of 
come up in P&L for future quarters
? So, I just wanted to get some sense around that.
 
Rumit Dugar: 
Why will there be a loss on a hedged inventory? I think foundationally, you need to 
look at how hedge accounting works. You will be realizing the value at spot. And if gold 
prices go up, your liability goes up, your inventory goes up. If gold prices go down
, your 
liability goes down, inventory goes down, and you sell at spot. So, really, I 
do not 
understand the question. I mean, that's not how hedging works. I mean, hedging is 
protection to the P&L. 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
No, fair enough. So, maybe I just wanted to repeat my question. So, suppose you sold 
say 100 kgs of gold . But this quarter you may not have sort of closed those particular 
contracts, and that might have added to the MTM of hedging loss. So, I just wanted to 
check that whether in P&L we have realized 
that? 
Rumit Dugar: 
So, Devanshu, I think we can maybe take it offline
. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
17 
 
Q3FY26 | Earnings Call Transcript 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
Sure. No issues. Yes , it might give a wrong reflection, so I understand that.
 
Rumit Dugar: 
Yes. I think what you are saying is incorrect. You need to understand how the hedge 
accounting works and how hedging fundamentally works. I
 am happy to address this 
offline . But to reiterate, hedging does
 not create a loss. 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
Fair enough. I will take this offline. 
Rumit Dugar: 
You are covered on the price and you realize 
at spot always. So, yes. 
Devanshu Bansal:
 
Sure, Rumit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Rumit Dugar : 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and look forward to being in touch with you 
for next quarter. Thank you, and have a good evening.
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of BlueStone 
Jewellery & Lifestyle
 Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us today, and you may now 
disconnect your lines.
 
(This transcript has been edited, without altering the content, to ensure clarity and improve readability.)
 
 
For further information please contact:
 
 
BlueStone Jewellery & Lifestyle Limited
 
investor.relations@bluestone.com
 
 
EY LLP Investor Relations
  
Diwakar Pingle: diwakar.pingle@in.ey.com
  
Rhea Dharia: Rhea.Dharia@in.ey.com  
Avantika Mishra: Avantika.Mishra@in.ey.com
  
 
 
 
