 
 
 
 BSL/SEC/2025-26/64                                                                        14th February, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
(Maharashtra) 
Scrip Code: 503722
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza Bandra–Kurla, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai–400051 
(Maharashtra) 
Symbol : BANSWRAS
 
Sub: Transcript of Q3 & 9M FY 26 Earnings Call held on 11th February, 2026. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith a transcript of the Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Call 
held on Wednesday, 11th February, 2026. The same is also available on the website of the Company 
i.e. https://www.banswarasyntex.com/transcript-of-earning-conference-call/  
   
 Please take the same on record.  
 
Yours faithfully 
For BANSWARA SYNTEX LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Ketan Kumar Dave 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS: 52309 
 
 
Enclosed as above 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ketan 
Kumar Dave
Digitally signed by 
Ketan Kumar Dave 
Date: 2026.02.14 
15:41:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
“Banswara Syntex Limited 
Q3 & 9 Months FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 11, 2026 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 11th February 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVINDRAKUMAR TOSHNIWAL – VICE 
CHAIRMAN – BANSWARA SYNTEX LIMITED 
MS. KAVITA GANDHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BANSWARA SYNTEX LIMITED 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS – BANSWARA 
SYNTEX LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q3 and 9 Months FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by Banswara Syntex Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravindrakumar Toshniwal, Vice Chairman from 
Banswara Syntex Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Thank you, Muskan. Hi. Good afternoon, everyone and I welcome you all to our quarter 3 and 
9 months FY '26 Earnings Conference call. Along with me, we have on the call our CFO, Ms. 
Kavita Gandhi, and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. I hope all of you have been able to 
go through the investor presentation uploaded on the exchange and on our company website. 
 
Now before I move on to our financial performance, just briefly let me update you on some of 
the key developments in the industry. As you all are probably well aware, from a global 
standpoint, the environment for Indian textile and apparel exports has turned distinctly more 
favorable. 
 
Both the United States and the European Union, which remain the most largest and important 
market for us in export have witnessed renewed confidence in India and following the recent 
FTA agreement with EU as well as the tariff reduction for the U.S. market, access has improved 
across key textile and apparel categories. 
 
These small tariff advantages over our neighboring countries can create a meaningful 
opportunity for us, Indian manufacturers to expand our presence globally in these high-value 
markets. We also see that there are political challenges in Bangladesh and cost pressures rising 
in Vietnam, which will make India a good sourcing destination for the world. 
 
This shift is being reinforced by improving our trade access across the U.S., U.K. and EU. Our 
weaker rupee helps our export competitiveness and a stronger policy support in the Union 
Budget. Altogether, these factors give us a strong tailwind for Indian exports, positioning the 
textile industry to capture incremental share. 
 
I believe that the world is now looking for India as a destination for quality textiles in a long-
term way. We hope this will improve the capacity utilization and build a more durable export 
pipeline in the coming quarters. Having said that, the industry-wide uncertainties and demand 
pressures had continued in quarter 3, which resulted in a relatively choppy operating 
environment. 
 
Despite these challenges, we were able to deliver a stable performance by our focus on value-
added products and improving our overall product mix, which helped support our margins and 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
sustain the growth. Now let me take you through the financial performance for the quarter and 
the 9 months of the fiscal.  
Our total income stood at INR343.3 crores in quarter 3 FY '26. Our focus towards value-added 
offerings and a better cost management has helped us to consistently grow our gross margins, 
keeping them strong. We remained above 50% during both the 9 months and the recent quarter 
was a high in our operating margins. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR42 crores, marking a 
25% quarter-on-quarter increase.  
The profit before depreciation and tax came in at INR31.3 crores for quarter 3 FY '26, and we 
reported a profit before tax of INR17.9 crores and a profit after tax of INR13.2 crores in quarter 
3 FY '26, which is a quarter-on-quarter increase of 89% over the last quarter. For 9 months of 
FY '26, our total income stood at INR1,000 crores, reflecting a 4% increase compared to the 
same period last year.  
Our EBITDA stood at INR97.6 crores, reflecting a 14% year-on-year increase. And the profit 
before tax for 9 months FY '26 was INR25.5 crores while PAT stood at INR18.8 crores, marking 
a growth of 16% year-on-year. So in spite of a bad quarter 1, our quarter 2 and quarter 3 have 
helped us to recover the entire year's growth, and we look forward to a quarter 4, which will also 
be equally good.  
The performance during the period reflects consistent execution and better capacity utilization 
across businesses with a continued focus on value-added growth over commodity volumes. 
Despite a challenging operating environment, our efforts towards better utilization of our 
resources for value-added products and our long-standing client relationships helped us to 
sustain a stable performance during this quarter. 
 
I would say, a good performance rather than even stable. The net debt as on 31st December 2025 
stood at INR495.1 crores compared to INR456.2 crores as on 31st March 2025. This is an 
increase of around INR39 crores during the period. This increase was primarily on account of 
ongoing capital expenditure and higher working capital requirements to support our business 
growth and operational needs.  
Despite the increases in costs and a challenging operating environment, we delivered good 
results in this quarter. And now coming to the business divisions. For the Yarn division, our 
revenue for the Yarn division was steady at INR114 crores in quarter 3 FY '26. On a 9-month 
basis, revenues were largely in line with the corresponding period last year at INR336 crores in 
yarn.  
The sales volume stood at 48 lakh kilograms for quarter 3 FY '26 and 148 lakh kilograms for 9 
months FY '26, and our capacity utilization was at 81% during this quarter. Operationally, the 
Yarn business delivered a steady performance. It was supported by a higher contribution for 
value-added products, resulting in improved margins, a disciplined approach to pricing and 
selective order execution helped us to maintain our revenue quality and earnings despite 
relatively subdued market conditions. 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
 
The Fabric division reported a stable performance in quarter 3 FY '26. Revenue was at INR150 
crores. And for the 9 months FY '26, revenue grew by 5% year-on-year to INR416 crores, 
reflecting steady traction across key regions and better product mix. Our sales volume stood at 
59 lakh meters in quarter 3 FY '26, while for the 9 months of FY '26, it stood at 168 lakh meters. 
 
The Fabric business continues its shift towards premium fabrics with a higher mix of wool-
blended and stretch products supporting revenue stability and margins despite ongoing global 
uncertainties. Our flagship brands such as Simone Federico & Figli and SIRO our premium 
fabric collections further gained traction in the international markets. 
 
Our regional performance remained diversified with improved traction in the U.S. and Far East, 
helping offset softness in some markets. The U.K. and the domestic operations remained broadly 
in line with expectations, growing consistently. Continued portfolio refinement and focused 
customer engagement remain our key priorities during this period and ongoing. 
 
In our Garment division, in quarter 3 FY '26, we grew by 4% on a year-on-year basis to INR73 
crores. For the 9 months FY '26, the division reported an 11% year-on-year increase to INR229 
crores, and our capacity utilization stood at 65% during the quarter. Despite these challenges, 
the division-maintained stability through a good execution and an improved product mix, 
particularly on our jacket offerings. 
We were able to drive higher realization as jackets and suits now accounted in this quarter for 
14% of our volume and 26% of our revenues compared to 7% of our volume and 16% of our 
revenues in quarter 2 of FY '26. This is a favorable shift and gives us higher realization. The 
division continues to benefit from long-standing domestic and international interest and 
partnerships and is providing good demand visibility across all markets, both domestic and 
exports. 
 
In conclusion, while the near-term market conditions remain challenging, the company is well 
positioned to benefit from the improved global trade dynamics and the favorable trend of 
sourcing shifting towards India. Our continued focus on value-added products and strengthening 
our customer relationships as well as finding new customers across each of the business divisions 
gives us confidence that we will be able to sustain this performance and grow it. We have 
adequate available capacity, a differentiated product portfolio and can see improved demand 
visibility across key markets. We remain optimistic about driving profitable growth going 
forward. Thank you, all. And with that, we open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Ravi Shah from VRS Capital. 
Ravi Shah: 
Sir, am I audible? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Yes, go ahead, Ravi. 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Ravi Shah: 
Yes. Just a couple of questions, sir. First would be how much pricing power are you seeing in 
export markets given the improved trade agreements? And what percentage of total revenue now 
comes from exports? And how do you see this mix now evolving over time? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Okay. So let me answer the second question first. We are doing right now almost about 50-50 
between our export markets and our domestic markets. And that is about a ratio which we like 
to keep. So I think that is going to remain our strategy going forward. There was a good demand 
even from the domestic markets in the last quarter, but we chose to take more export orders. 
 
And going forward, the demand as we see it is also going to be a lot more export driven. But we 
will make a judicious choice between choosing between the export and domestic demand to try 
and keep a balance between profitability, the right kind of products that we would like to do and 
the balance so that we maintain about a 50-50. 
 
Then if you look at the pricing leverage that we have, this is -- really speaking, pricing leverage 
lies in the fact that we are a vertical company, and we have availability right from the fiber to 
the garment of providing a package to the customer now that we can do this effectively and we 
have developed all of the necessary products and speed and expertise. 
We can provide value to the customer in a much better way than simply a company that just 
does garments by buying fabric from outside. So our biggest and inherent advantage, which we 
need to leverage more and more to get our pricing advantage is our verticality and we will do 
that effectively, we believe, going forward. 
Ravi Shah: 
Understood, sir. This -- sir, I move to my next question on utilization levels. So currently, 
garment utilization still remains at 65%. So what is currently the operational constraint that we 
are facing which limits this utilization? That's number one. And secondly, our jackets and suits 
are now a larger share of our garment revenue. So was this a seasonal impact or is this some 
kind of structural improvement we are seeing here? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Right. So speaking about the utilization on the garment business, which you pointed out was at 
65%. This is also partly because we had shut down our capacities in Surat. And that was the 
constraint that we were not able to use all of the capacities as we moved out of the SEZ there 
and the machines have not been yet moved out of the SEZ and started in a DTA as we are 
awaiting permission. 
 
That is why we did not have that capacity available to us. That is going to become available in 
the next 4 or 5 months that we believe, and that will allow us to have additional capacity 
available. So while we're saying it's a utilization problem, it's also a structural issue on the 
permission that really did not allow us to use the garment capacity. 
 
Coming to the jackets part, in the last quarter, we saw an improvement in the jacket utilization, 
which brought the jacket revenue to 25% (Wrongly said, this should be read as, jacket revenue 
to ~26%) of the total garment revenue. This could go up even further. And this is expected to go 
up further. We are working on strategic relationships with the retail customers, both in domestic 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
and exports to have our jacket lines more better utilized and build this percentage of value-added 
garment capacity of jacket to 30% or 40%. I hope I've answered your question. 
Ravi Shah: 
Understood, sir. Yes, yes, very clear, sir. Understood. Sir, my last question would be on 
Banswara. How do we differentiate our premium fabrics versus our peers? And is the vertical 
integration-led time advantage translating into any measurable export market gain versus, let's 
say, a Bangladesh or a Vietnam? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Yes. So definitely, we are known to be a company which is more innovative among all customers 
globally and exports. Anybody who comes to the country looking for good value-added stretch 
fabrics whether in wool blends or in poly-viscose blends, polyester blends always comes to us 
for suitings with stretch. 
 
And we are able to then also offer them a package now in terms of a garment. So I think that, 
that is the distinct advantage in terms of the delivery as our FOB delivery is equal to the lead 
time and the lead time of shipping is discounted from our overall delivery that we are being able 
to give. 
 
So as we see an increased capacity of garmenting in India, which is happening and which 
continues to increase in a very good way, we will find that the lead time for garments going out 
of India with fabric coming from India will only be better. And here we are well positioned to 
compete with a Bangladesh or China or anyone else who do not do the entire package within 
their country. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Runit Kapoor from Investire Investments. 
Runit Kapoor: 
Yes. First of all, congratulations on improving your EBITDA margins despite a challenging 
quarter, challenging industry environment. So I want to know, first of all, like I think Mexico 
has increased the tariffs on Indian textiles. And I think Banswara has around INR20 crores to 
INR25 crores exposure to Mexico. So how do you see it going down to 0 or to what extent will 
it reduce? And will you be able to compensate it from any other countries? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Yes. Thanks for the question, Runit. Firstly, for Mexico, the tariff increase is not for poly-
viscose. It is only for polyester, 100% polyester goods. And most of the goods that we have been 
sending to Mexico are actually poly-viscose or polywool. And there, that particular tariff 
increase does not apply. So we don't see any significant change there. In fact, there may be even 
increases that happen in Mexico and as more garments are going from Mexico even into the U.S. 
Runit Kapoor: 
Okay. And secondly, like from an industry perspective, like even though I think India has got 
the 18% tariff rate from U.S. and it's the lowest in South Asia. So -- but I think a few countries 
have a lower tariff like which are garmenting hubs, like Egypt and Uzbekistan have 10% and 
Jordan has got a 15%. So on a per package basis, how did India compare to them like after 
accounting for all this? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: So you've got to look at the larger picture. The volume that Egypt or Jordan or any of these lower 
tariff areas or even 0 tariff areas in some cases, can deliver is very small for the U.S. market. 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
And the major volume does come out of Vietnam and China and Bangladesh. And we will be 
able to very effectively compete against that. 
 
There is a long-term vision for India that the government holds and all of the industry insiders 
also believe now very strongly in. And you will see that there is a whole ecosystem developing 
within India that will allow us to become a much stronger player in the apparel business for 
exports. But apart from that, we have a domestic market as well, which is so huge that we see 
that this is an opportunity which doesn't come in many decades. But the next 10, 20 years in 
India, particularly for man-made textiles should be very, very good. 
Runit Kapoor: 
But on a per cost basis, like would it be cheaper in India compared to Egypt or like Uzbekistan? 
A lot of capacities have come there like? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: If you're going to make the garment there and export it at a reduced tariff, it cannot be cheaper 
from India. No. But you will still be able to export your fabric from here to Uzbekistan or Egypt 
or Jordan, and the fabric (Wrongly said, this should be read as, and the garment) can go out from 
there. 
Runit Kapoor: 
No, if accounting for labor and other power expenses, I'm saying like on a package basis like? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: No. At the end of the day, we are talking about the landed duty paid price for the customer into 
the U.S. If you're talking about that LDP price into the U.S., the tariff plays a significant part. 
And all of the labor savings and other things don't really count for much in apparel compared to 
the tariff. 
Runit Kapoor: 
Okay. And so now with the 2 new FTAs of the EU and the U.K. and the talks are on with the 
Canadian FTA and even the reduced tariffs in the U.S., I think Banswara sits at a very sweet 
spot being one of the few integrated synthetic mills in synthetics. So how is the company 
planning to leverage it?  
Are we willing to go that extra mile by doing a massive greenfield or an acquisition in 
garmenting? Because currently, I feel like we don't have many compliant export-oriented firms 
for garmenting and like the shortage of capacity considering the extensive demand is going to 
come over the next few years? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Right. So first of all, like we said, we've only utilized 65% of our capacity in garmenting. We 
still have another 35% that will go operational within 3, 4 months automatically as soon as we 
get our Surat SEZ transferred to DTA. Now this is already available to us. There is additional 
capacity available also, which we are thinking about using in already compliant mills who are 
willing to collaborate with us, garment units where we can get goods done, which are compliant 
and we can use those capacities additionally even without having a Greenfield. We will think 
about a greenfield and have put in an application for a PIL, but we will see whether we want to 
use it or not, depending on the policy of the government towards the PIL and if it makes sense. 
Runit Kapoor: 
You are speaking about like outsourcing the garmenting in terms, but the margins would be quite 
low in terms of that model? 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Not really. There is a lot of potential if you're using your own fabric, your own design to 
outsource even at a lower cost than what you're able to do in-house. 
Runit Kapoor: 
So as of now, there's no planning for a greenfield or you will wait and like take a call by the end 
of the year? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: There is no planning for a new greenfield garment. No. We are not making an additional capex 
there. What we are going to be doing is leveraging our own available capacities, as we have 
always been saying, to get to a turnover of INR1,800 crores and reach a garment turnover of 
INR450 crores to INR500 crores without increasing capacity is possible for us. 
Runit Kapoor: 
And post that, would you look at a greenfield or like? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Post that, yes, for sure. 
Runit Kapoor: 
Okay. And last question is that I think U.S. has come up with a revised trade agreement with 
Bangladesh, and they're offering 0% tariff on the fibers imported from U.S. So I think is this 
only particularly for Bangladesh or like there was an interim agreement like where all countries 
could avail of the discount if that -- it is imported from U.S., right, the fiber and the cotton? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: So this is early days for this new announcement, and we are still to understand it better. However, 
the one understanding is clear that if Bangladesh is to import the U.S. cotton and spin it, first, 
the spinning industry needs to be viable and be able to convert that into a yarn at the right price 
for the industry. 
 
And then they have to be able to make the garment out of it, finish the fabric, dye the fabric, 
make the garment out of it and then give it back. Only to that extent will they be protected, and 
it will impact probably only cotton and not the man-made parts where we are really prevalent in 
Banswara. So I don't see it affecting Banswara in a major way. Maybe some of the cotton mills 
will be worried about this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Rajbhar from Research Analyst. 
Rahul Rajbhar: 
My question has been asked by -- sir. So no more questions from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Divyasnh Singh from DS Broking. 
Divyasnh Singh: 
So I have a question that what portion of fabric revenue now comes from wool-blended stretch 
and premium categories? And what is the 3-year target mix you're looking for? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Right. Thanks for that question. So we are really focusing on this product mix issue in a big way. 
Right now, I would say that our woollen blended fabrics and wool-based fabrics are about 
400,000 meters in different blends out of our total 23 lakh meters to 24 lakh meters that we do 
per month. 
 
And our stretch fabrics are between 12 lakh meters to 14 lakh meters per month. So the value-
added part is around 14 lakh meters to 15 lakh meters out of 22 lakh meters, 23 lakh meters that 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
we do. And we hope that we can bring this up from the 14 lakh meters to almost 18 lakh meters, 
20 lakh meters value-added and increase the total sales to 26 lakh meters, 27 lakh meters. This 
is our endeavor in the next 5, 6 months. 
Divyasnh Singh: 
Okay. And regarding the revenue growth, which remains modest despite premium mix 
improvement, is demand a bottleneck or pricing discipline limiting growth? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Yes. So we have to reach out to new customers with special products that fit their price point 
while not losing our premium customers, which are able to give us better pricing. So these are 
new set of customers that we have to reach out to, which we haven't been able to so far. But now 
we find we are very competitive in many different areas as a vertical offering to be able to take 
on that business, getting the right margin for the fabric, getting the right margin for the garment, 
utilizing our own yarns in a better way.  
And this is beginning to happen and will continue to be happening. We do not want to go for the 
bottom end of the market and try and get more of the tender businesses or the real businesses in  
which have no margin at all. We have actually gone away from such businesses.  
In spite of that, we have been able to continue to grow our value-added, and we now find that 
there is ample demand at different price points with new customers, both in India and exports, 
and we will be tapping that to continue with a 15% to 20% growth in the fabric and at least 15%, 
20% growth even in the garment business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sakshi Pratap from Pratap Securities. 
Sakshi Pratap: 
Sir, two questions. How should we think about the revenue growth and EBITDA margin 
trajectory now going forward? So if you could just give FY '26 exit and FY '27? That is first? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Okay. And the next question. 
Sakshi Pratap: 
The second is our net debt has also increased to INR495 crores and debt to equity is now roughly 
0.9x. So what's your comfortable leverage level? And do we expect any deleveraging? And when 
will that resume? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Thank you. So first, let me talk about our revenue growth and EBITDA margin projections. 
Based on this last quarter in which we got 12.5% EBITDA (Wrongly said, this should be read 
as, based on this quarter in which we got 12.2% EBITDA), we believe that we should be able to 
maintain that and even improve it going forward in the next financial year. The growth that we 
are talking about is 15% to 20% across the board.  
So we hope that even if this year, we are able to end with about INR1,300 crores to INR1,350 
crores, I don't know, something like that, we should be able to increase 15% to 20% on that in 
the next financial year. Now given the total debt at INR495 crores, it may increase a little bit 
more as we roll out our total projects that we have put in, which are all primarily to modernize 
and improve our quality mix for getting more value-added products. This will all finish by the 
end of next financial year. And after that, we should see that if the EBITDA margin as we are 

 
 
Banswara Syntex Limited
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
projecting remains at that 12.5% and above, we should be able to pay back the debt from the 
next  to next financial year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Rajbhar from Research Analyst. 
Rahul Rajbhar: 
So sir, my question is how much impact will India going to face because of this new tariff 
between U.S. and Bangladesh agreement? And what about the impact on a ready-made garment? 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Yes. So like I said, this Bangladesh thing is yet up in the air in terms of the fact that we don't 
know whether Bangladesh will be able to take in the cotton from U.S.A. and convert it into a 
garment in a viable way or not. Number one. Number two, it is not a big impact for Banswara. 
So I will not speak about the industry as a whole. The impact, if any, will be on cotton yarn 
exporters to Bangladesh and cotton garment exporters from India to the U.S., both of which we 
are not. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Ravindrakumar for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Thank you. So thank you, everyone, for listening to us in our Q3 & 9 months FY26 earnings 
call. We appreciate your continued support of Banswara, and we look forward to a much better 
future where we have been able to, in the last 49 years, again, remodernize ourselves and prepare 
ourselves for the next 50-year journey in a very meaningful way. 
 
We do believe that the time is now and the future ahead is one in which we will experience some 
of the best years that we have yet to experience. So we thank you for your renewed confidence 
in us and look forward to meeting you all in the next quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Banswara Syntex Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Ravindrakumar Toshniwal: Thank you. 
