 
 _________________________________________________________________________ 
              Rubicon Research Limited (Formerly known as Rubicon Research Private Limited) 
 
Registered Office & R&D Center 
Manufacturing Plant-I 
Manufacturing Plant-II 
 
MedOne House, B-75, Road No. 33, 
K-30/4 & 30/5, Additional M.I.D.C., 
J-4/2, Additional M.I.D.C., 
Wagle Estate,Thane - 400 604, 
Ambernath,Thane - 421 506 
Satara - 415 004,  
Maharashtra, India 
Maharashtra, India 
Maharashtra, India 
Tel: 91-22-61414000/50414000 
Tel: 0251-7139500 / 3501240 
Tel: 02162-240309 / 240463 
Fax: 91-22-61414021 
Fax: 0251-7139575 
Fax 02162-240331 
 
 
CIN: L73100MH1999PLC119744 
Email: rubicon@rubicon.co.in 
Website: www.rubicon.co.in  
 
February 06, 2026 
ISIN - INE506V01022 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call – Q3 FY 2025-26 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
  
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Company’s Q3 FY 2025-26 earnings conference call held on February 
3, 2026. The transcript is also available on the Company's website at https://www.rubicon.co.in/investors. 
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Rubicon Research Limited 
(Formerly known as Rubicon Research Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Deepashree Tanksale 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A28132 
 
Encl.: As Above 
To,  
The Manager  
Listing Department   
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400001.  
Scrip Code:  544578 
To,  
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, C-1 Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400051  
Scrip Symbol: RUBICON 
DEEPASHREE 
OMKAR 
TANKSALE
Digitally signed by DEEPASHREE OMKAR 
TANKSALE 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=9602, 
2.5.4.20=a80b214753a3728a0e066d1b692aeb
28c8fdde1958b7190c8f1512294e4c6614, 
postalCode=400603, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=4ab53e9ad917b69cf20091072
3632675c1ef67f880d460105a99c9762ba5ee1
8, cn=DEEPASHREE OMKAR TANKSALE 
Date: 2026.02.06 14:30:36 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Rubicon Research Limited 
Q3 FY ‘26 Results Conference Call” 
February 03, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
        
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PARAG SANCHETI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
RUBICON RESEARCH LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN JAJODIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
RUBICON RESEARCH LIMITED 
 
MR. SAGAR OAK – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT AND STRATEGY – 
RUBICON RESEARCH LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. TUSHAR MANUDHANE – MOTILAL OSWAL 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

Rubicon Research Limited 
February 03, 2026 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Rubicon Research Q3 FY ‘26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on the touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited. Thank you and over to you Mr. Tushar. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Thank you Swapnali. Myself Tushar from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. I cover pharma and 
healthcare here. Welcome you all for the 3Q FY ‘26 results earning call of Rubicon Research 
Limited. From the management side, we have Mr. Parag Sancheti, CEO. Mr. Nitin Jajodia, Sagar 
Oak, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy. So over to the management 
for the opening comments. 
Parag Sancheti: 
Hey, thanks Tushar. This is Parag here from Rubicon. Along with me is Sagar and Nitin. Nitin 
is the CFO and Sagar heads Corporate Development and Strategy. Thanks everyone for the 
earnings call. I'll ask Nitin to just take us through the financial highlights and then I'll come back 
on the commentary around the numbers. 
Nitin Jajodia: 
Thanks Parag. Good evening, everyone and welcome to Rubicon Research earning call for third 
quarter. I'll take you through the financial performance. So I'm on the Slide 5. For the third 
quarter, our revenue from operations was INR476 crores which was up by 52% versus the same 
quarter previous year. EBITDA was at INR112 crores which was up by 59% versus the previous 
year's same quarter. And profit after tax was INR73 crores which was up by 91% versus the 
same quarter previous year. 
Moving on to the Slide number 6. On summary income statement, I'll take you to the key 
numbers. Our Q1 growth was significantly higher than our H1 growth. So H1, we were at 25%. 
For the third quarter, our gross profit was at INR313 crores which was 49% up versus the 
previous quarter. Our pre-R&D operating EBITDA was INR160 crores which was 33.7% of our 
revenue.  
Our R&D expense for the quarter was INR52 crores which was 11% of our revenue and was in 
line with our guidance for the R&D expense. Our operating EBITDA margin was at 22.7%. And 
our EBITDA after other income was INR112 crores which was 23.5% of revenue and up by 
59%. Our PAT was INR73 crores and our EPS was 4.41 rupees per share. 
On a Y-T-D basis for the first 9 months, our revenue was INR1,240 Crores which was up by 
34%. Our gross profit was INR833 crores up by 29%. Our pre-R&D EBITDA was INR416 
crores which was 33.5% on a Y-T-D basis. Our R&D expense for the first 9 months was INR134 
crores which was 10.8% and in line with our guidance on R&D front, 10%-11%. 
Operating EBITDA for 9 months was INR282 crores up by 47% and translated into 22.7% 
operating EBITDA margin on a Y-T-D level. After other income, EBITDA was INR287 crores 

Rubicon Research Limited 
February 03, 2026 
Page 3 of 15 
 
translating into 23.1% of EBITDA and on a Y-T-D level that was INR170 crores up by 73% and 
on a Y-T-D level our EPS was 10.67 rupees per share. 
Moving on to the next slide, slide number 7 on summary balance sheet. As on 31st of December, 
our shareholders fund was INR1,194 crores. It was up versus March primarily driven by IPO 
proceeds. Our borrowings were at INR285 crores versus INR393 crores as on 31st of March and 
reduction was primarily driven by repayment in debt.  
Fixed Assets increased to INR550 crores driven by investment in or the acquisition of 
manufacturing facility at Pithampur plus close to INR70 crores additional capex. Our cash 
reserve was at INR334 crores which gives us dry powder for our inorganic growth aspiration. 
And our working capital, net working capital as on 31st of December was INR607 crores 
translating into 132 days of net working capital which was broadly in line with the March 
number which was at 137.  
In working capital if you look at our inventory was at INR685 crores. Here I would like to draw 
your attention that our inventory which is slightly on a higher side needs to be seen in 
conjunction with our faster growth rate. For us, inventory is our fuel for growth and inventory 
is forward looking and, in this inventory, if I look at the inventory which is for recent launches 
and the upcoming launches, so 25% to 30% of the inventory will be towards the recent or the 
expected launches.  
And if you look at our ROCE, despite this higher inventory level, our ROCE is at 34% which 
demonstrates our laser sharp focus on capital efficiency as an organization and this ROCE has 
also improved versus March ‘25 as well as the previous quarter. 
 
Moving on to the next slide on cash flow statement, our net cash flow from operating activities 
for the quarter was INR35 crores. This INR35 crores cash from operation was after payment of 
INR46 crores of income tax in the previous quarter versus INR12 crores in the H1. So if you 
look at the cash from operation before tax, it was at INR81 crores for the quarter which was a 
healthy cash generation. 
And if you look at our net cash flow on a YTD level, it was INR140 crores. On a YTD level, 
our cash flow in investment activity was INR340 crores. This INR340 crores comprises INR149 
crores investment behind Pithampur plant acquisition, capex of INR70 crores, bank deposits of 
INR87 crores and our investment in Gen1E Lifescience of INR18 crores. Our cash flow from 
financing activities of INR326 crores on a YTD level was primarily driven by IPO proceeds of 
INR478 crores and net debt repayment of INR116 crores.  
So, these were our key financial numbers. With this, I will hand over the mic to Parag and he 
will take us through the performance for the quarter. 
Parag Sancheti: 
Okay, thanks, Nitin. So, as you see, the revenue growth which we experienced of around 52% 
is quite broad based across both launches and our old products growing market share. Also, if 
you look at the concentration, which we have published even in the last quarter, it has been range 
bound. So, no significant product concentration is there. If you look at the pricing, with our focus 
on specialty products, the pricing remains to be stable. 

Rubicon Research Limited 
February 03, 2026 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Also, if you look at the performance because 98% of our revenues come from US dollars, even 
a dollar to dollar comparison, there is a healthy growth year on year and quarter on quarter. From 
a cash flow perspective, I think we are generating healthy cash flow, again reflecting our very 
strong focus on cash flow generation. So, these are broadly, I would say on all parameters, the 
business has done well and we continue to focus to keep on doing better than what we are doing 
this quarter.  
Let's move to the next slide. So, this is a very important slide and I think will give some 
perspective on how we look at the market, how we are looking at the demand and how we are 
managing, putting the capacity and its consequential impact on margin and EBITDA. So, just 
taking a step back, we acquired the Pithampur facility, we got the handover around in June of 
2025 and the reason for taking over Pithampur was to actually build more capacity and also build 
more capability.  
So, we were seeing that there will be anticipated high demand would be there and for our 
products and we wanted to ensure to our existing facilities that we would have more ability to 
supply more of that and also just to remind everyone that Pithampur also gives us some other 
capabilities which we do not currently have like high potent oncology, hormones and steroids 
and a huge room for expansion.  
At Pithampur, we are on track to operationalizing, kind of doing all the validations by mid of 
2026 calendar year, we should be able to complete that and we expect commercialization in 
quarter one of CY ‘27. So, if you look at what has happened in the market right now, for the 
demand which we had anticipated, actually our demand has even been more than what we have 
envisaged. 
And hence, even in the last quarter, I had alluded to increased outsourcing which would 
pressurize gross margin but EBITDA would remain stable. In light of this, what I would want to 
state is what is the status in this quarter or what steps have we taken. So, first sales ramp up has 
been above our expectations and also actually, I would say higher than the anticipated 
outsourcing we had planned for. So, we had planned for some outsourcing but it is more than 
that. 
 
This has put pressure on the GM but the root problem is, it is a good problem to have because 
we are having more than anticipated demand and we had to actually do more outsourcing than 
what we had actually envisaged at the start. But I want to reaffirm as we had guided, the 
operating EBITDA margin would remain stable and we stand by that. The revenue ramp up is 
obviously stronger than what we have envisaged.  
So, in the near term, the only way to keep the revenue growing and looking at getting the demand 
locked in earlier is through outsourcing which will be gross margin negative in the near term. 
But in the long run, as we change the mix, it will definitely, again, it will be a good leverage for 
our Pithampur facility as it goes online to get ready business to scale up.  
From two to three quarters perspective, we are evaluating actually some tactical measures for 
our own manufacturing facilities versus outsourcing and we will see how they play out and if 

Rubicon Research Limited 
February 03, 2026 
Page 5 of 15 
 
they play out as what we have intended, it will definitely be gross margin accretive in the light 
of strong revenue trend. We can move to the next slide. 
Nitin Jajodia: 
Just to clarify what Parag meant, that we plan to operationalize Pithampur facility in the middle 
of the current calendar year and ramp up in the quarter one of the next calendar year. 
Parag Sancheti: 
So, again, this is a very important slide. I would say Rubicon has always been a R&D company, 
the growth of this company. So, we have a slide which talks about R&D spends and their impact 
on our revenue growth. So, what I was mentioning was I think R&D has been the DNA of this 
company.  
The growth which we have experienced or continue to experience is because of the portfolio 
selection, the way we do R&D on the products we have selected and then the way we are 
executing on the selected products. So, if we look at R&D, we look at that as investments, but 
obviously it goes through our P&L. So, in this slide, we have tried to take some historical data 
and tried to show how R&D investments have led to revenue growth.  
So, I will request Sagar to just explain that how R&D spend is a lead indicator of our future 
revenue in our business. 
Sagar Oak: 
Thanks, Parag. Good afternoon, everyone. So, we wanted to provide a little bit of color around 
R&D spend and how that ties into future growth. We have received questions around sort of 
pipeline in the previous earnings call last quarter, but we wanted to give you some perspective 
in that sense. So, let me explain what we have here and we will speak a little bit about the 
numbers. 
For any program or product program, as you can imagine, the spending of R&D and then 
subsequently the revenue ramp up as well, spans typically over multiple years. So, what we have 
done is we have looked at R&D spend cumulatively over a nine quarters timeframe. So, if you 
see the first chart left of screen, you have R&D spend for nine quarters, which is fiscal year ‘20, 
fiscal year ‘21, and then one quarter of fiscal year ‘22, which is totally about INR165 crores.  
And when we look at the incremental product sale, we have compared incremental product sale 
over a three-year period. So, that is between fiscals ‘21 and ‘24. Now, the reason for this is this 
takes into account what you could, I guess, call the overall candidate to cash flow lifecycle for 
a product, starting from when we begin development, go through filing, review approvals. And 
then we have spoken previously about our sort of launch philosophy where we want to be 
focused on sustainable growth. 
 
So, if I look at how the numbers shape up, our revenue in fiscal year ‘21 was just a shade under 
INR300 crores, that increased by about INR540 crores. Now, if you compare that INR540 crores 
to the cumulative R&D spend of nine quarters, like I said, which is 165, that is roughly a 3.3x 
multiple of that R&D spend.  
Now, development cycles obviously run multiple periods, like I said, and therefore, what we 
look at this is sort of on a rolling basis. So, if you roll this forward and do another three-year 
timeframe, fiscals ‘22 versus ‘25, you are looking at revenue that was INR293 crores, that 

Rubicon Research Limited 
February 03, 2026 
Page 6 of 15 
 
increased to about INR1,262 crores. And if you compare that to the R&D spend of about INR238 
crores, you will see that the productivity multiple has gone up. So, this is now 4.1x for this 
period. 
And then correspondingly, looking forward to the current period, which is between fiscals ‘23 
and ‘26. And just calling out here, the number that you see for fiscal ‘26 is we have just taken 
the year-to-date December revenue number that we just reported, and we have annualized that 
for 12 months. So, I just want to give context of the fact that this is, as it says on the slide, it is 
arithmetic annualization. 
 
But what we are looking at is incremental revenue of nearly INR1,280 crores between fiscals 
‘23 and ‘26. And if you compare that to the R&D spend that was made in fiscals ‘22, ‘23, and 
Q1 of ‘24, that is INR226 crores, and that is 5.7x. So, as you can see, on this sort of rolling basis, 
if we look at these three timeframes, the return on R&D, if you will, or the productivity of R&D 
has been improving consistently from sort of a little more than 3x to now more than 5.5x.  
Now, if we look at our current R&D spend, so we are expecting confidently to keep R&D spend 
above INR500 crores, if we look at fiscals ‘26, ‘27, and Q1 of ‘28 taken together. So, if you take 
that INR500 crores of R&D spend, and we believe that R&D productivity will continue to be 
along similar lines. So, that gives you pretty strong sort of visibility in terms of directionally 
where the revenue is going. 
 
So, I think, and also given the fact that these are programs where we already have good line of 
sight on what the composition is. So, typically, programs would have been selected and work 
would be in various phases on those. So, it is not that it is blue sky in a sense where the makeup 
of that INR500 crores R&D spend is not known. 
 
So, taken together, I think the spend, as well as the productivity that we have shown you sort of 
what the trend has been, they provide very strong revenue growth visibility for FY ‘29, FY ‘30, 
and even beyond that. Parag?  
Parag Sancheti: 
Hey, thanks, Sagar. So, I think we have gone through the financials, the key metrics for the 
company for this quarter. We have kind of gone through how the journey will evolve from where 
we are standing today. Again, the R&D engine is a key part of our business. And as mentioned, 
and we have seen a good revenue traction, and we are confident of keeping the operating 
EBITDA in the range of 22% to 23%. And the R&D spends, again, to be around 10% to 11% of 
revenue for the next several years. 
So, just one other point, which I would want to highlight is, I think, from a Board of Directors 
perspective, we have appointed Dr. Pradnya Saravade as an Independent Director. And one 
nominee, General Atlantic, Director, Mr. Anand Agarwal, has stepped down. So, now the board 
is equally comprised of the Promoter Directors, the nominees from GA, and then there are four 
Independent Directors.  
So, the details are available, but I wanted to make everyone introduce the new Director to the 
larger audience. 

Rubicon Research Limited 
February 03, 2026 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Sagar Oak: 
And just calling out that the Board of Directors composition, Parag just spoke about, that is on 
Slide 21 of the deck. The remainder of the deck is more of an update on the company overview 
that we thought was relevant, given that we are fairly new in the listing and earning calls sort of 
journey. So, I think with this, we will open up the floor for questions and answers. Thank you 
very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Harsh Kundnani from Aionios Alpha. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Kundnani: 
Hi, Parag and team. Congratulations on great set of numbers. A couple of questions from my 
end. What is the outlook on specialty portfolio of the business? Where do you see this, say, 
probably a year from now, contributing to your gross profit? And if that has to ramp up, how do 
you see the impact on gross margin? That is the first one. 
 
The second one is that, thanks for the update on the Pithampur facility. As and when it does get 
ramped up, do you see that aiding our gross margins? And when should we expect that? 
Parag Sancheti: 
So, thanks for the question. So, let me first elaborate on the question was, I think, on the growth 
in specialty business. Is that right? 
Harsh Kundnani: 
Yes. 
Parag Sancheti: 
Yup. So, if you see year on year, our overall revenue growth is about -- we've grown, the overall 
revenue base has grown. And if you see, the specialty share of gross profit has remained in Q2 
and Q3 at 31% to 32%. This is higher than 26.9%, which was there in the full year of FY ‘25. 
So, we have a very good pipeline. And we are very confident that the business, the composition 
of specialty will keep on growing. And overall, we will remain at the EBITDA range we have 
guided at operating EBITDA in the context of the discussions we've already had. 
 
So, the second question is regarding the Pithampur operationalization and I think the gross 
margin ratio change. As mentioned earlier, I would say that as we operationalize it in mid of 
2026 and then ramp up in ‘27, considering how the demand has been shaping and we also taking 
some tactical measures from a portfolio perspective.  
It is, I don't want to right now comment on how the GM movement would be there. But 
obviously, these measures are being done to ensure that the GM moves in a healthy upward 
direction. But at the same time, as I mentioned, the 22% to 23% operating EBITDA is which we 
are very, very confident about. So, from a business perspective, first, what we want to take care 
of is that we are taking care of the demand. 
 
We are not losing the demand, the faith which our customers are putting us in with us for the 
supply chain, we want to cater to that. So, that in long term, that definitely benefits us in terms 
of when we are ramping up Pithampur, that demand is still locked in with us and we can quickly 
ramp up. 
Harsh Kundnani: 
Got it. Thanks a lot.  

Rubicon Research Limited 
February 03, 2026 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Parag Sancheti: 
And also, one thing I would just add just to the first question as, you look at the speciality, 
definitely interesting and that's where our movement is going, our portfolio is moving towards. 
But at the, you will look at products which we have got an approval like on the Fluticasone, a 
product which there were no new approvals since 2007, and we are the third company which has 
got an approval both on the RX and the OTC side. So, definitely, speciality pipeline, we remain 
confident. But I think even in products which are in the non-speciality category, we continue to 
see good growth and good demand from our customers. 
Nitin Jajodia: 
And just to add to that, one nuance on the speciality, the way we define speciality, I think we 
had mentioned in the last earnings call, that while the definition of the speciality is static, the list 
of speciality products is not static. So, as Parag mentioned, that our share of speciality products 
in the overall gross profit has been increasing despite the fact that the revenue has been going 
faster.  
And the way we define speciality wherein apart from Rubicon, there is at the max one more 
competition. But even if, let us say, there is more than one competition and the product does not 
continue to be a speciality, even then the margin profile of that product is fairly healthy. So, 
from that perspective, I think there is a nuance to the whole speciality piece. 
Harsh Kundnani:  
Understood. Thanks, Sagar and thanks Parag. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Nikhil Mathur from HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Hi, good evening. I am referring to your Slide number 11. I just wanted to understand this R&D 
to revenue multiplier from 3.3 to 4.1 to 5.7. So, what is changing that is leading to this higher 
multiple every subsequent three years? Is it products? I mean, you are able to select better 
products or you are increasing, let us say, efficiency in general and how you approach R&D. So, 
any thoughts on why this multiplier is going up? 
Sagar Oak: 
Sure. Thanks, Nikhil. So, I think it is the, I would say the quality of the pipeline. If you look 
back, to where Rubicon was five, six years ago, where the portfolio pipeline was, or the portfolio 
was predominantly generic, but the pipeline was beginning to shape up with more and more 
specialty, drug device and then in the last three, four years, even branded products coming in.  
So, I think it is what is driving the productivity is, you know, while we have continued doing 
more of the same and continuing our success on the generic product side. Key elements from 
the business plan that have gotten added in, are the specialty products and you have seen their 
share sort of increase in the business over time.  
Drug device combinations, which are also significant revenue opportunities, despite, you know, 
in cases not even being specialty like Fluticasone, Parag spoke about that just now. And then 
branded products as well. So, where we have, developed, launched last year two branded 
products already in the US. So, all of these, I think, are shifting the numerator in the sense for 
that productivity calculation and that, I would say, in large part driving the shift in R&D 
productivity upwards. 

Rubicon Research Limited 
February 03, 2026 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Got it. And why would this number sustain, let us say, next three, five years? So, I mean, if I do 
some rough math, you are saying that INR50 crores of quarterly R&D will continue. So, if, let 
us say, you were to do some INR400 to INR500 crores cumulative R&D over two years and one 
quarter period, we are talking about 5.7x of that R&D number as incremental revenue 
Now, this will lead to your revenue base in a five, seven year period being multifold, not just 
being 2x. So, I mean, why do you think this run rate will continue? Am I missing something 
here, that basis this conversion itself, if I look out to FY ‘31, not just double, but the revenue 
will be perhaps 3x? 
Nitin Jajodia: 
So, first of all, Nikhil, one thing, basically, we are confident that the R&D productivity will be 
upward of 5x. Okay. So, that is... 
Parag Sancheti: 
So, Nikhil, I think it's a function of all, right? Portfolio, channel, what we are doing on, how we 
are selling. So, it's a combination of all factors which will -- so, one is selecting the right product, 
considering all factors, then executing it well, and then getting it to the market and the go-to-
market strategy. If you put all those factors together, as Nitin mentioned, we are confident of not 
at least meeting what we are meeting currently from a multiple perspective, but even beyond 
that.  
And since we are only talking about, I think, the idea of this type of -- so, just to give a sense of 
how our R&D over a period of time, that has been the differentiator for us, right? So, if we take 
R&D, portfolio selection, execution as a differentiator, we are just trying to say that how that 
will all transfer, all put together, and at least we have a sight of what we are doing, right?  
So, while that makes us confident, at least what we have mentioned here is that -- which gives 
us a very strong confidence. Because today what we are doing is going to be getting launched in 
that ‘29- ‘30 phase, which we know, and nothing will change from that. So, from that 
perspective, we feel fairly confident, and as I stand today, I think the --we have been more -- our 
pipeline is very, very exciting. I can say from any time of the years before that, I'm actually very, 
very excited about what kind of pipeline we are on right now. 
 
So, definitely, we are fairly confident because of that, plus the channel, plus other innovations 
we are doing to ensure that we remain committed to seeing this multiply higher or the 
productivity impact of R&D playing out. 
Sagar Oak: 
And to give you some color on the pipeline, right, and without sort of moving away from our, 
stated dharma of not talking about specific products, I think in this case, we have a little bit of 
liberty because the regulatory process required us to disclose this. So, if you look at some of the 
work as an example that we are doing on the intranasal development side and the investment 
that we made in a company called Neuronasal.  
Now, they are working on programs for Parkinson's disease, traumatic brain injury. This is on 
their website. So, I don't mind mentioning it. Now, to give you a data point, I mean, when they 
did a human pilot study, they found that intranasal, ’nose to brain’ delivery of their drug was, 
and I quote, 50 times more efficient in getting to the brain than IV delivery. And that's 50 times.  

Rubicon Research Limited 
February 03, 2026 
Page 10 of 15 
 
So, for a therapy area or a disease state like Parkinson's disease, if we can combine not only sort 
of, the right kind of molecules with the right kind of delivery, I think the potential for something 
like these or programs like these to be transformative is certainly there. So, to your earlier 
question, in terms of whether the growth is, I mean, the numbers are, we just wanted to put out 
the numbers as they are today. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Got it. And just one final question, slightly more near term. So, after almost a three, four year 
period of very strong growth, how do you see FY ‘27 and ‘28? Would this growth momentum 
continue to taper off? Any color on slightly more short term will also be very helpful? 
Parag Sancheti: 
So, Nikhil, we'll stay away from giving a specific guidance for ‘27, ‘28, but I think again, we 
remain, I think the trajectory remains strong, the demand remains strong, and that's what I can 
convey. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Let me put it this way, in this 3Q number of revenue, do you see any exceptional, like you said, 
the demand environment has been very strong. Do you foresee this demand environment waning 
and your current run rate kind of coming off? 
Parag Sancheti: 
No. No. And there's a reason, again, we go back to the mix, A is the spec, speciality vs non-
speciality. Even within non-speciality, the kind of products we have and the demand we have 
seen on that. And if you saw the numbers on our top five, top 10, I think there's no concentration 
there that we are dependent on one product. 
Plus the kind of pipeline which is going to, like the near-term approvals which we are looking 
at. So, looking at all those factors, there is no dependence on like one single hero product or a 
product which, if removed from the portfolio, will create an impact on the profitability of the 
company. 
Nitin Jajodia: 
And also, let's say, this outlook also factors in uncertainty around, let's say, some approval delay, 
competition coming in, or let's say, some potential disruption on the supply, API supplier, etc. 
So, I think those are part and parcel of business and we factor in those while being confident 
about the growth trajectory. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Got it. This is helpful. Sorry, I forgot to congratulate on the great set of numbers you have 
delivered. Thank you so much for this. 
Parag Sancheti: 
Thanks, Nikhil. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ankit Shah from Canara Robeco Asset 
Management Company. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on the great set of numbers. So, my first question, 
again, links to gross margin and you partially touched upon it, but just to get a sense, last year 
our specialty share was 26%-27% and our gross margins were around 70%-72%.  

Rubicon Research Limited 
February 03, 2026 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Now, if you set aside the rise in outsourcing and the decline in gross margin due to that, should 
our gross margin on FY ‘25 base continue to rise each year considering that our specialty share 
will continue to grow incrementally? So, can you get some sense on that? 
Nitin Jajodia: 
So, Ankit, as we mentioned that in the near term, there has been an impact on the gross margin 
due to the higher outsourcing manufacturing. And as we look at the strong demand, while that 
reliance on the outsourced manufacturing is likely to continue. Having said that, as Parag 
mentioned, we are also looking at some technical measures at our end, looking at the mix of in-
house manufacturing, outsourced manufacturing that should be the gross margin accretive. So, 
that's the way we look at the gross margin. 
Parag Sancheti: 
But again, I would just re-emphasize, again, sorry, being repetitive, I think, but we are absolutely 
confident of the operating EBITDA being in the 22%-23% range. As obviously these measures 
we are undertaking. And again, for us, locking the demand, ensuring reliable supply to customer 
is an important priority. So, we want to ensure that we remain profitable at the same time the 
demand which is coming from the customer, we are able to meet that and keep customers happy 
and long-term committed.  
Ankit Shah: 
Right. No, what I was trying to understand was, is that broadly our quality of portfolio is 
increasing every year and as you earlier also highlighted that R&D productivity is also going up. 
So, that should be margin accretive over a period. In short term, obviously there's this 
outsourcing impact, but once Pithampur ramps up, broadly the directionally, overall margins 
should continue to trend up directionally. Is that a fair assumption?  
Parag Sancheti: 
Yes So, as our own manufacturing comes into play, as Pithampur and other things come into 
play, definitely, yes, it will be directionally positive. 
Nitin Jajodia: 
And then, we maintain our, let's say, Pithampur’s ramps up and our reliance on the outsourced 
manufacturing reduces, we are confident of going back to our earlier gross margin range of 67%-
68%. 
Ankit Shah: 
Got it. Got it. That's helpful. And my second question again relates to the pipeline. So, you 
indicated that incrementally we will have more and more specialty and complex products. So, 
can you give more sense on those products? I mean, are you also pursuing 505(b)(2) kind of 
opportunities, especially on the nasal side? And any field force investments would be required 
or the current field force should be sufficient for any of our future specialty production? 
Parag Sancheti: 
Yup. So, Ankit, I'll not comment on product specific details, but we focus on one, there's only 
one dharma we have, is to focus on unmet medical needs or patient needs. And that drives the 
whole innovation. Now, innovation could be in terms of dosage form, it could be in terms of a 
molecule API, it could be in terms of the regulatory filing, it could be in terms of go-to-market, 
packing, anything.  
So, there could be, when you look at the unmet patient needs, there are multiple things you could 
do to meet that requirement. And 505(b)(2) is just a regulatory pathway. So, we definitely will 
work across spectrum to ensure that if we are convinced that this unmet patient needs exist, and 

Rubicon Research Limited 
February 03, 2026 
Page 12 of 15 
 
it is for us, and that need is for us profitable to serve, we will definitely go ahead and execute on 
that plan.  
So, I would not restrict it to say that we will do 505(b)(2) only, or we will do ANDA only, or 
we'll do something else. But I think we will explore all the regulatory routes and ensure that we 
are able to profitably grow our business and meet the unmet needs. 
Sagar Oak: 
And Parag, I'll just add to that, if I may. I think if we go back to the Fluticasone example, where 
we've gone 505(j), ANDA, as well as OTC. So, we've got two routes over there. So, Ankit, to 
your point, and as Parag said, we are very focused on getting what is right for the patient in what 
is the most efficient way from a path to market perspective.  
And 505(b)(2), you mentioned, especially in nasal, I think it's a very interesting space, and very, 
very exciting, because I spoke earlier about how the Neuronasal has seen sort of exponentially 
better efficiency when it comes to delivering. But overall, if you look at nasal as a route, because 
you're bypassing the whole oral GI tract, liver, and you're delivering a targeted dose, potentially 
crossing blood-brain barrier quickly, because of which you could have potential to deliver lower 
doses that are as effective as sort of current oral treatments. It's a very exciting space.. 
So, I think as it continues to evolve, we will -- you'll see that reflected in, as we go along, we 
won't talk about specifics. But to your point, yes, we are looking at all possible avenues. 
Ankit Shah: 
Right. And just to complete the point. So, what I understand is we had some 10 MRs under 
Validus, which are focused on CNS doctors. So, then going for more 505 products, would it 
require any people investments in the longer run? 
Sagar Oak: 
So, great question, right, Ankit. And our go-to-market strategy for brands is sort of based off 
combination, feet-on-street, as well as digital promotion. And again, if the portfolio selection is, 
and the path to market go closely hand-in-hand, I think we've said all along that portfolio 
discipline is something that we will maintain, because we want to make sure that whatever we 
are bringing, we have the ability to take it to market. 
We evaluate that based on newer products coming in. So, going forward down the line, could 
we look at having sort of an increase in the number of sales force? I think answer is yes. But do 
we see that changing dramatically for sort of the current portfolio products? I would say answer 
is probably not. We may have incremental changes to sort of address coverage the way that we 
want, but I wouldn't think it would be a material impact on financials. 
Parag Sancheti: 
So, to add two things to that, I think if you've seen, and even in the past, we've built all our 
businesses in a measured way. So, we will continue to build even the, what I would call the 
branded business in a measured way with right mix of channels for promotion. 
And adding to that, I think whatever the cost or, if you take the people we require for promoting 
a certain product, all of them have been built into projections and are part of the, you know, as 
when we look up at a business plan, all of that has been built in. 

Rubicon Research Limited 
February 03, 2026 
Page 13 of 15 
 
So, we are not randomly going and selecting product and then going to make a change that, you 
know, now we need five, we need 25 people to make that change. So, I think all those 
investments which are in the P&L and are as per our plan. 
Nitin Jajodia: 
And just to add, all the required costs, whether field-force, whether promotion, all of that is 
based in our EBITDA guidance of 22% to 23%. 
Ankit Shah: 
Got it, got it. Yes, that was very helpful. Thanks for your replies and all the best. 
Nitin Jajodia: 
Thank you. 
Sagar Oak: 
Thanks Ankit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Narottam from DT Partner. Please go 
ahead. 
Narottam: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. So, first question was that there's obviously a 
significant market share gain, in your top five, top 10 products. So, what is it that's leading to 
this market share gain and how do you think about the sustainability of this trend going forward? 
That's question one. 
Second is that as Pithampur comes online, it does have a positive impact on growth margin. How 
should we think directionally on the EBITDA margin front, as more manufacturing moves in 
house? So, those would be my two questions. 
Parag Sancheti: 
So, on the market share gain, I think we don't comment on specific top 5, top 10. As I said, it's 
been pretty broad based and it's across our mature products and new launches. And again, the 
approach we have to market share building is very, very calibrated. And even if any product we 
look at, we definitely figure out how we want to ramp up market share. 
So, and then I'll break it down. 31% of our gross profit comes from specialty, which means that 
at least there are products where part of those products, any of our market share is anywhere 
between 50% to 100% because we are one of the two players at minimum. So, that will give you 
a sense that depending on the product and how we look at that market, we continue to look at 
how we want to gain market share over a period of time. So, just to give you the philosophy of 
how we look at the market share. 
And coming on to Pithampur and EBITDA margin, as I said, first, as it gets ramped up in CY’27, 
I think we are confident of the operating EBITDA margin of 22% to 23%. And right now, we 
want to comment only up to that. 
Narottam: 
All right. Thanks, guys, and all the best for future. 
Parag Sancheti: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Vipul Mehta from an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 

Rubicon Research Limited 
February 03, 2026 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Vipul Mehta: 
So, my first question is like there had been a considerable reduction in working capital days from 
137 to 123. So, are there any specific measures which had been taken to reduce that? And how 
sustainable is it going forward? 
Nitin Jajodia: 
So, our working capital number of days in March was 137 days. 
Vipul Mehta: 
And now it has been reduced to 123. 
Nitin Jajodia: 
It is 132 days. So, I think it is in that range only. So, we do not see this as a considerable 
reduction. And I think that is the rangebound working capital. That is the way we look at it. 
Vipul Mehta: 
Got it. And secondly, so, there had been kind of instances of unpredictability of product 
approvals from regulatory authority like for semaglutide for one of the Indian companies in 
Canada. So, for example, for any... 
Nitin Jajodia: 
Sorry, sorry, your voice is not clear. Can you please repeat and go a bit slow? 
Vipul Mehta: 
Yes. So, there had been situations and issues with product approvals from regulatory authority 
US and Canada. And like one of the recent being semaglutide from Canada for one of the Indian 
company. So, like whenever you estimate a product approval timeline, which is kind of 
important for understanding the product economies, how do you kind of estimate it? And how 
do you take into consideration such unpredictability? 
Parag Sancheti: 
I think a good question. Yes, I know there has been a lot of discussion around semaglutide 
Canada approval. So, when our philosophy again, we are conservative in the way we look at it. 
And when we look at our modelling or our long range plans, we factor in conservatism from all 
the external variability factors, regulatory being one, but it could be competition, it could be 
change in the FDA guidelines. 
And we have seen this for the last five years that FDA changes its thinking on certain things, or 
any market supply constraints. So, you might get an approval, but the API is not available for 
commercialization. So, when we look at all of these factors are considered when we are looking 
at the business plan and the commercialization plan for a product. 
Having said that, if you look at our last three years R&D productivity data, it has moved up from 
3.3 to 5.7x. So, that will give you some comfort and sense that we factored in A and B we are 
well prepared for some of the anticipated queries from the FDA. 
Vipul Mehta: 
Got it. And the last question is regarding like, so, I heard a news that you had been, you are 
going to expand into Saudi Arabia. So, there had been a news of opening subsidiary in Saudi 
Arabia. So, what are your expansion plan for Saudi Arabia, Europe or any other geography 
beyond US in the near future? 
Parag Sancheti: 
Yes. So, obviously, we are looking to expand across the global markets and our business 
development team keeps on working on building our presence in other markets. So, but as on 
date, I think all of these plans are underway, our registrations are underway. So, it would not be 

Rubicon Research Limited 
February 03, 2026 
Page 15 of 15 
 
right for me to comment on any specific market because, we cannot specifically say what each 
market will offer us. 
Once we have some data and sizable revenues coming from there, then probably we can 
definitely guide you guys on how we are looking at these markets. But our idea is to leverage 
our product basket of innovative products across the globe. 
Vipul Mehta: 
Got it. Sure. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we will take that as the last 
question. I now hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Parag Sancheti: 
Thank you everyone for attending the earnings call and thanks also for the questions. As 
mentioned earlier, I think we remain confident of our growth trajectory and look forward to 
speaking to you in the next quarter. Thank you. 
Nitin Jajodia: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Sagar Oak: 
Thank you everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining with us today and you may now disconnect your lines. 
