 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Maharashtra, India 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 544717/973979/977267            Symbol: CLEANMAX 
 
ISIN: INE647U01026/INE647U08013/INE647U08039 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings conference call of Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions 
Limited (Formerly known as Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Private Limited) (“the 
Company”) for the quarter and nine months ended 31 December 2025 
 
Reference: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find attached enclosed the 
transcript of the Earnings conference call held for the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated 
Financial Results for the quarter and nine months ended 31 December 2025. 
 
The same will be made available on the Company’s website at  https://cleanmax.com/shareholder-
information#analyst-investor-communication   
 
This is for your information, record, and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
(Formerly known as Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Ullash Parida 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: FCS 8689 
 
Date: 22 March 2026 
Place: Mumbai 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
ULLASH 
CHANDRA PARIDA
Digitally signed by ULLASH 
CHANDRA PARIDA 
Date: 2026.03.22 16:41:05 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
 
“Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
March 18, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KULDEEP JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
CLEAN MAX ENVIRO ENERGY SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
MR. NIKUNJ GHODAWAT – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – CLEAN MAX ENVIRO ENERGY SOLUTIONS 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUMIT KISHORE – AXIS CAPITAL 

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited, hosted by Axis Capital. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital to introduce CleanMax 
and its management. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Kishore. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Axis Capital, it is my 
pleasure and privilege to welcome you all for the maiden conference call of Clean Max Enviro 
Energy Solutions Limited after its recent listing on the Indian bourses. CleanMax is India's 
largest pure-play commercial and industrial renewable energy company with more than 15 years 
of operations. They have a mission to be a net zero partner for corporates. 
 
They supply renewable power and offer energy services and carbon credits to customers across 
data centers, AI, and technology industries and C&I enterprises across a range of conventional 
sectors. We have with us the management team of CleanMax, which is represented by Mr. 
Kuldeep Jain, Managing Director, and Mr. Nikunj Ghodawat, the Chief Financial Officer. The 
call will start with a brief management discussion on the earnings performance for Q3 and nine 
month FY26, followed by an interactive Q&A session. Without further ado, let me hand over 
the proceedings to Kuldeep. Over to you, sir. 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Thank you very much, guys. We've got a presentation here which is coming up. All right, let's 
go next page. So, there is a disclaimer statement here and all our pronouncements and 
presentations are subject to it. We would urge you all to look at it. Next. The agenda is broken 
up into four parts today and I'll take us through the first two and my colleague Nikunj, our CFO, 
will take us through the financial results section. 
 
The key highlights, we've got five points to make. The first one is if we look at the results for 
the nine months ended Dec’25, there is a 33% year-on-year growth in EBITDA. This is driven 
by two things. One is a 26% increase in power sales revenue growth. So, there's a revenue growth 
coupled with, you know, the margins have been better, so our power sales EBITDA margins 
have risen from 81% to 83% due to operating leverage. 
 
And the EBITDA, if you look at for the quarter itself, which is Sep to Dec’25 versus Sep to 
Dec’24, that has increased 40% from INR 220 crores to INR 307 crores. So on the nine-month 
basis 33% growth and on the one quarter to prior year same quarter basis 40% growth in 
EBITDA. Second is our weighted average interest rates have fallen from 9.2% at the start of the 
fiscal to about 8.7% as of Dec‘25, and there's an increase in the reported profit after tax from 
INR 2 crores for the first nine months in the prior fiscal to about INR 40 crores for the first nine 
months in this fiscal. 

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
 
The second point is, overall we are a leader in India's C&I segment. We have 5,700 MW or 5.7 
GW of contracted, where we have power purchase agreements in place of what is called RE 
power sales capacity where we are going to sell the energy. So that's 5.7 GW of contracted RE 
power sales and this number has grown 3x, i.e., 300% in the last two years. 
 
So, you know, 31st March 24 it was 1.75 GW, now 5.7 GW. And this is then comprised of two 
parts. Part one is how much of that we have already commissioned, which is the operational 
capacity of 3 GW. This represents in capacity terms a 76% increase over a year prior. And in 
addition, there is therefore another 2.7 GW which we have already contracted but is under 
execution. These all numbers are for power sales business.  
 
So therefore in the first 11 months of this fiscal, which is April 1 to 1st March 2026, we have 
commissioned about 1.3 GW of capacity. You know, 1,300 MW of energy sales capacity has 
been commissioned in the first 11 months of this fiscal, which is 85% solar and 15% wind. Data 
and AI are a big part of our contracted volume, so about 42% of the 5.7 GW of renewable energy 
power sales is data and AI. 
 
And in fact, the first 500-MW CTU-connected plant in Bikaner to supply environmental energy 
offsets to technology customers has also been commissioned very recently. And lastly, we have 
also operationalized a majority, i.e., 51% CleanMax owned partnership with Osaka Gas, which 
has seen during the financial year an investment, an equity investment of INR 176 crores from 
Osaka Gas for a 49% stake in our joint venture together. So, these are just a few of the key 
highlights.  
 
I'll now present some detailed pages to take us through some of this. On this page I'd like to 
make three points. First is we have a starting base of about 1.7 GW of operational energy sale 
capacity at the start of the financial year. We have added 1.3 GW to it, which represents about a 
76% growth in terms of capacity added versus the base at the start. 
 
The second thing I would like to highlight here is we have many diverse growth sources across 
states. So many states are now contributing to this and as a result, the relative concentration has 
declined. So, our top two states like Karnataka and Gujarat were at the start of the fiscal 68% of 
our capacity and by 1st March they are now about 54% of the capacity and also the first CTU-
connected plant of 525 MWp in Rajasthan stands commissioned.  
 
This page has a few highlights. One is if you look at the renewable energy power sales, you look 
at the total contracting capacity, that has grown nearly 3x from 1.7 GW as of 31st March 2024 
to 5.7 GW. So about 4,000-MW expansion in slightly less than two years, so about 2,000 MW 
a year is our sort of incremental contracting rate. 
 
Second, the bottom half of the page shows then the RE services business capacity. This is where 
the customer owns the plant and we have performed EPC and O&M for that C&I customer in 
our solar farm. There also the capacity numbers are provided and therefore the total portfolio of 
contracted capacity is about 6.5 GW and the mix overall remains at 70% solar and 30% wind.  

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
 
I'll take one slide to highlight some key facts from our financial results. First is EBITDA growth 
of 33% for the first nine months and when you look at just on a quarter versus corresponding 
quarter basis it's about 40% growth. 
 
Second is this is driven by both revenue growth as well as higher EBITDA margins in both 
business segments. So RE power sales segment the EBITDA margins have grown from 81% to 
83% and RE services segment also the EBITDA margins have grown from 15% to 22%. The 
last point I'd like to highlight is on the bottom right-hand corner of this page which is the reported 
profit after tax has grown from about INR 2 crores for the first nine months last fiscal to about 
INR 40 crores for the first nine months in this fiscal. 
 
Next page. So, this capacity that we put up has to translate into run-rate EBITDA and this page 
seeks to explain both the run-rate EBITDA as well as the corresponding net debt to that, so all 
of you can look it up and understand as of 1st March 2026. So, in the first 11 months of the 
fiscal, we have added about INR 650 crores of run-rate EBITDA. This is in addition to the 
starting point which was INR 1,140 crores of run-rate EBITDA or represents a 57% growth in 
sort of the run-rate EBITDA number. And the corresponding net debt figures to each of these 
capacities are also provided and the chart also shows some assumptions behind those.  
 
Some more key business updates in the subsequent pages. Right, the first one is Data and AI 
continues to be a big growth driver for us. It's 42% of our contracted capacity and interestingly 
this number has risen nearly 10 times, 10x growth in slightly less than two financial years from 
31st March 2024 to about 1st March 2026. And we have added several new Data and AI clients 
such as Iron Mountain, L&T Data, Princeton Digital Group, as well as more volumes for existing 
clients like STT data centers. 
Our conventional C&I customers have also grown. So, you know, non-data AI customers which 
we call conventional customers have also - the contracted volumes with them have doubled in 
less than two financial years, which is great growth in itself and we have had many repeat 
customers such as UltraTech, Apar, BASF, many others, as well as new customers such as 
GACL and CEAT to just name a few.  
 
Let's look at the next page to understand a bit of a breakup of the contracting performance. Right, 
firstly we have about 2.7 GW of RE power sales capacity which is contracted as of 1st March 
and is under execution. So you know, it's an indicator of future growth, that 2.7 GW is contracted 
and under execution. Second point is that in just the first 11 months of this year we have 
contracted an additional 1.3 GW of RE power sales capacity. 
And the last point is a guidance that we are issuing as a management that we believe we will put 
up about 1.5 GW of RE power sales capacity in the next fiscal. Right, on the right hand side of 
the page we are showing some of the drivers of this contracting business performance. First 
driver is that we continue to have high success with our existing base of clients. 
CleanMax has more than 570 clients and every year about three fourths of our new volume 
growth comes from the same clients. So that's always a key business parameter for us. Second 

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
is our business is, you know, relatively unchanged in the sense that we serve the biggest and best 
corporates. So about 83% of the MWs contracted are with AA, AAA, or multinationals, 14% is 
with A rated, so about 97% of our volumes are with A rated or above.  
The receivable days continue to be at a very manageable number. And the last point is we've had 
strong contracting discipline and performance. So the tenor of the PPA continues to be high 
across I think nearly 1,200 power purchase agreements. The weighted average tenor is about 23 
years. And for the 2.7 GW that we have contracted and is under execution, the tariff continues 
to be very respectable at INR 3.84, you know, so that's some numbers on our contracting or sales 
performance.  
 
The next slide shows some numbers on our projects and execution performance which I would 
like to take us through. First metric is what is the capacity commissioned in the trailing 12 
months. This is a good indicator of how we are going and we intend to every quarter present the 
trailing 12 months capacity commissioned number. So that number as of 1st March 2026 stood 
at about 1.3 GW of capacity commissioned in the trailing 12 months. 
And as you can see, this has consistently risen from about nearly 500 MW at the start of the 
financial year was our trailing 12 months capacity addition to about as of 31st December it's 
risen to 1.1 GW and now it's 1.3 GW. And that indicates the organization's capacity to build and 
execute. 
The second number is have we built these projects within budget, and at CleanMax we are quite 
proud of our track record that when we go to the Board for approvals of a certain capital 
expenditure in a project, we bring in the project at pretty much that or below cost. And the first 
nine months of the current fiscal, which is the number on the extreme right-hand side here, we 
have built projects at 96.5% of the Board approved capex expense. 
And this is similar to our prior period performance as well. So it's not a flash in the pan, that 
number is very consistent across many years, indicating both conservative project cost 
underwriting as well as capable execution. Right, the next point is what is the grid uptime, 
particularly in, you know, with a lot of conversation in our industry around backdowns and 
curtailments and so on. 
For across our entire system the grid uptime remains very high at above 99%. And last factor on 
operating performance is what is the PLF in the trailing 12 months, and that is what we are 
showing here. You know, and we are showing the PLF on a trailing 12 months basis split across 
wind power plants, solar power plants, as well as hybrid power plants. So these continue to be 
respectable. 
If anything, in the last 12 months, I think wind power has done particularly well. The wind 
season has been better than previously recorded. The next slide highlights a little bit about our 
strategic partnership for continuing equity efficiency. Here we are discussing our partnership 
with Osaka Gas, which is, you know, and our joint venture is called Clean Max Osaka Gas 
Renewable Energy, so you know, it's called CORE. 

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
And you know, we own 51% and a subsidiary of Osaka Gas owns about 49%. Our intention is 
to build about 400 MW or more in this joint venture over three years and we have already 
received in the third quarter of FY26 equity contribution of INR 176 crores from Osaka Gas for 
their 49% stake. And this does also add strategic value to us. It gives us access to JBIC 
development finance, expands reach with global capital, and makes us more equity efficient in 
how we do our business.  
I will now hand over to my colleague Nikunj, our CFO, to take us through some key financial 
result highlights. Thanks. 
Nikunj Ghodawat: 
Thank you, Kuldeep. Good afternoon, everyone. Let me walk you through with our financial 
performance for the nine months. We are on slide number 16. So we've delivered a strong broad-
based growth across all key metrics here. Revenue from the operation grew 29% year-over-year 
to INR 13,554 million in December ‘25. EBITDA increased 33% to INR 9,448 million and 
reported PAT is INR 402 million from INR 22 million for the last nine month same period.  
The key performance driver are primarily three. One is capacity-led revenue growth because the 
growth is volume-driven, the asset commissioned in last financial year has stabilized and 
generated the revenue. And there is the 1.3 GW addition which has happened during the year 
and that shall also ramp up and continue to add to the revenue.  
We also saw the EBITDA margin expansion for both our segments which is RE Power and RE 
services and that's also the operating leverage gets reflected here. And on the balance sheet side, 
the gross block and capital work-in-progress has seen significant growth that reflects the 
capacity addition and also the capacity which is under construction, which will also come up.  
The net debt, which is an important number here, what we have on the coming slide is a breakup 
which gives a split between the operating asset net debt and under-construction asset net debt. 
The one point which I'd like to call out here is that this net debt is as on 31st December and does 
not include the IPO proceeds, so it's without that.  
 
Next page. The slide is on our segmental performance and we have two, our financials are 
reported primarily in two segments. One is the power sales segment and other is a RE services. 
Our business continue to be anchored by the RE Power Sales segment which contributes around 
95% to 93% of our EBITDA and the revenue growth has been 26% for this segment and 
EBITDA margin improved 81% to 83%.  
Again, scale-driven operating leverage and gross margin for here remains stable at 92% to 93% 
because it's a very stable business and it demonstrates the stable cash flow profile of the business. 
The RE services segment, which contributes though 5% to 7% of the overall EBITDA, but it's a 
services income for us and does not require any significant capital investment and it is a very 
important offering from our customer perspective.  
And we've seen a revenue growth of 40% here and EBITDA margin also improved from 15% 
to 22%. So the key takeaway for this slide is that the healthy growth and margin expansion 

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
across both the segment and RE power sales is high growth, high annuity business and RE 
services is an important customer offering which gives us the services income on both annuity 
Operations and Maintenance (“O&M”) and Engineering, Procurement and Construction 
(“EPC”).  
 
The next slide, which is slide number 18, here we are talking about our asset level breakdown 
performance and this just do a deeper look into the quality of earnings and capital deployment. 
The RE power sales which is the primary contributor of EBITDA works such that we build today 
to earn the EBITDA in a following period.  
So in the financial year majority of the EBITDA typically comes from the capacity which we 
built at this start of the year and majority of the EBITDA if you see in this slide comes which is 
8,407 Million from the asset which has been operational for more than a year and contributed to 
the EBITDA and remaining is the breakup of the asset which is commissioned during the year.  
Similarly, the debt breakdown in the same fashion. So the debt which has been against the 
operational projects, it just reflects that there is a stable cash flow behind it and the debt which 
is taken for the project which is just commissioned, which eventually have the cash flow coming 
in, get serviced from that. And under-construction debt is primarily reflects the growth which 
will come up.  
 
The next page is on the operating leverage and the cost efficiency. This slide highlights an 
important structural strength of our business, which is operating leverage for our RE business 
power sales segment. The key trend over time if we see here, the gross margin remains stable, 
however the EBITDA margin has improved from 75% to 83% between FY ‘23 to December 
‘25.  
Primarily driven by the operating leverage because the SG&A cost does not increase at the same 
pace at the pace of growth in the EBITDA margin and this is an important takeaway from this 
and hopefully the margin will continue to expand as we scale up, though it may be at a lower 
pace because we are already at 83% on the margin side.  
 
The last important page on the financial performance is the capital structure and cost of funding. 
This is one very important metric in a capital intensive business as debt is an important part of 
overall capital structure for us to create the sustainable equity returns. The cost of borrowing for 
us has gone down from 9.5% in March 24 to now 8.7% in December 25.  
That's primarily driven by a couple of things, one is the continued improved credit profile, access 
to diversified funding and sources of funding and the lender base and then another lever which 
exists in our business is that in a high growth portfolio there is always some room for us to 
continuously refinance as assets stabilize and bring the cost of debt down.  
The other leverage metric is debt to adjusted EBITDA which remains healthy and reasonable at 
4.8x. The DSCR for stabilized asset at 1.4x, which reflects that assets are performing better than 
what it was underwritten by the lender. Even the range is very healthy and the long-term debt 

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
profile is also backed by the 23-year long-term cash flows, so the debt is stable and self-
sustaining and self-liquidating and it's not dependent on any other levers but the project cash 
flows.  
We halt here and take questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We'll take the 
first audio question from Puneet from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Puneet: 
Yes, thank you so much and congratulations on your first call and good results as well. My first 
question is with respect to the potential upcoming ALCM for cells which starts from June. How 
do you see traction on contracts beyond that in terms of tariff and commissioning intensity? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
So, Puneet, till about for brownfield expansion in solar farm, we were offering, pre-ALCM 
pricing, which is offering a COD till 31 Maytill about, I think end November or some contracts 
even as of December because if you have a brownfield expansion you can actually commission 
it by June. And post 1st January, we have been offering revised and higher pricing to customers 
because the module price goes up so obviously the offered tariff goes up. 
 
But we have seen continued traction with customers because the savings remains very 
compelling. The business case or the savings remains very compelling to customers. And the 
second thing is when people are buying wind-solar hybrids, they are offset and wind-solar hybrid 
offerings are the norm in most of the large states. Large states being Maharashtra, Karnataka, 
Tamil Nadu, and Gujarat and those also continue to find good traction. 
Puneet: 
And like-to-like, what is the pricing up in terms of for solar? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
I think the numbers vary a little bit by state but 7% to 10%. 
Puneet: 
7% to 10%. Okay. And secondly, you talked about your 1.5 GW guidance. Can you also break 
it down, what is the capex you expect to spend next year and what should one assume the mix 
of wind and solar? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
We haven't given that project-wise and technology-wise guidance right now. Let's examine if 
we provide that. 
Puneet: 
Okay. And in terms of SG&A trend, it's very interesting to see it has fallen to almost 10.3%. 
How should one think about this trajectory into next 1 and 2 years? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
So, we currently have on RE Power Sales an EBITDA margin of about 83%, right. And I think 
this will the operating leverage benefit we should see it continue to improve or rise as a margin 
percentage. And I could be slightly wrong, but I think it goes up to 85%, 86% in 2 to 3 years 
from today. 
Puneet: 
Okay, that's very interesting. That's all from my side. Thank you so much and all the best. 

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
Kuldeep Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next text question from Sagar Sanghvi from ADD Capital. And the 
questions are, debt breakup, operational and under-construction of the $1 billion of debt 
outstanding? And the second question is. How much debt will be required for 1.5 GWs to be 
operational in FY '27 and another 1.2 GWs in FY '28? So what would be total debt for FY '27 
and FY '28? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Sagar, hi, thanks so much for joining us. We are not giving debt forecast by financial year and 
so on, but I would point us again to Page 18 of the presentation to answer the first part of your 
question, Sagar, which is - what we have shown in this page is the breakup of both EBITDA and 
corresponding debt. So if you look at the lower half of the page as of 31st December 25 balance 
sheet, about INR 4,688 crores of net debt is for projects which are operational for greater than a 
year. Another INR 1,781 crores is for projects which essentially commissioned during the 
financial year.  
Another INR 1,739 crores of debt is for under-construction assets, which have not had any 
corresponding EBITDA. And about INR 1,490 crores is a sort of corporate loan that we have 
which is not tied to any specific project and that's the breakup of the total net debt as of 31st 
December.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from Sagnik Dey. Please unmute yourself, introduce 
yourself and proceed with the question, sir. Mr. Sagnik Dey? Sir, the participant has left the 
queue. We'll move on to the next question. The next text question is from Bharath Devara. He's 
a retail investor and the question is the capex EBITDA matrix of 5.8x versus industry of 7. x 
seems very stark. Can you explain what CleanMax is doing differently here? Capex is 98% hard 
cost. Is CleanMax procuring modules and turbines at such a steep discount? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
So sir, two parts. One is you are right, our capex to EBITDA ratio is superior to the rest of the 
industry, primarily driven from the fact that - because we go directly to the end customer, it's 
more like the difference between a retail and a wholesale business compared to other renewable 
energy companies which participate in a reverse auction with government discoms or SECI and 
so on, where price is the sole determinant of bid winning.  
So our tariffs tend to be higher in my analogy of being a retail direct to customer model. And 
tariff for assets commissioned in the first nine months of the fiscal was about INR 3.6 and tariff 
for 2.7 GW contracted under execution as of 1st March is about INR 3.8. So our tariffs are higher 
than industry average which is really the primary determinant of this, but of course it's not just 
tariffs, you have to couple it with extremely efficient project execution and implementation in a 
very, very granular business. So that also we have learned to do well over the last 15 years. 
Thank you for joining.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question which is a text question from Parth Thakkar from 
Moon Capital. And the question is the annual EBITDA run rate of INR 1,795 crores is for current 

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
3 GW of operational capacity, right? What does the annual EBITDA run rate look like once you 
have 2.7 GW of RE power sales goes into the operational capacity, which is under execution? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
So Parth, thank you so much for joining and for being an investor in CleanMax. We are providing 
a guidance for next year's capacity addition, but honestly we are not providing the corresponding 
EBITDA run rate and debt guidance at this point.  
Nikunj Ghodawat: 
However, we have provided certain unit economics on Page 9 and our investor letter, so that is 
some way to calculate for you that can be used.  
Kuldeep Jain: 
We have provided the EBITDA per MW and so on and the debt-to-EBITDA ratio. So some of 
the information you ask for honestly you can triangulate and estimate.  
Nikunj Ghodawat: 
Even the split of solar and wind is provided.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question which is an audio question from Shaunak Godbole 
from SBI Life Insurance. Please proceed. 
Shaunak Godbole: 
So I was looking at the presentation where we have given 9 months generation data. So is it 
possible to provide us with the quarterly data maybe from Q3 FY25 till Q3 FY26 the total 
generation data? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Very fair ask, Shaunak. Maybe we will I don't have it readily available on me, but maybe we 
will provide that in due course on our website. I think that's a very fair ask and we'll provide that 
on a continued basis every quarter in terms of million units of generation. Thank you for giving 
us that suggestion.  
Shaunak Godbole: 
Okay. So one more question, just wanted to understand YTD capacity addition is around 1.3 
GWs. So what would be the total capacity additions for this year? And earlier I suppose the total 
capacity addition for FY 27 was around 1.49 GWs and 28 was a bit more than 1.5 GWs. So is it 
have we trimmed the capacity addition guidance for 28 to 1.2 GWs? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
So we are not giving any guidance for FY 28, Shaunak, because in our business it's pragmatic 
to only give a guidance for 1 year forward at a time is what we felt because there are a lot of 
contracting, so many other moving parts in project execution. And therefore we've said we will 
build and commission upwards of 1.5 GW in fiscal 26-27. That's the guidance we have given.  
And what we maintain is we have seen tremendous increase in the organization's capacity to 
deliver new RE power sales capacities. As you remember, if we go back to the start of this 
financial year, which is April 2025, at that point if we stood and looked back to trailing 12 
months, the capacity installed was about 500 MW.  
However, if we stand on 1st March 2026 and look back trailing 12 months, capacity added is 1.3 
GW. So from 500 MW trailing 12-month capacity addition to 1.3 GW that's a huge jump and 
we are forecasting or guiding to a capacity addition north of 1.5 GW for next financial year.  

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
Shaunak Godbole: 
Okay. Thanks, thanks a lot, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next audio question from Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead.  
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Yeah, sir. Thank you so much. Sir, firstly I would like to appreciate the shareholder letter. I think 
it captures the nuance in the business very well and I hope other companies also do this given 
the differentiation in this business. So firstly, the question is primarily one on the execution. So 
we have done probably well given the pace of execution. Next year expecting about 1.5 GW.  
Given whatever we hear in the industry about transmission land, wind execution challenges, 
how comfortable or how confident are you on this execution target? Also if you probably give 
some comments about what drives this confidence, probably transmission availability, land 
availability and stuff like that, please. Thanks.  
Kuldeep Jain: 
Yes, thank you so much Dhruv for your question and your appreciation. The shareholders letter 
took a lot of work over the weekend from all of us. So it always feels nice to be appreciated. So 
thank you for that. And in terms of our confidence on this guidance of 1.5 GW, as it stands that 
confidence is quite high because of a few factors.  
Firstly, this is disaggregated across 9 to 10 different projects across 8 to 9 states. So there's a 
diversification of that risk and in that 1.5 GW about I would think 500 MW is CTU connected 
where some of these transmission bottleneck challenges have been more acute and the remainder 
1 GW is STU connected or onsite solar where these challenges are typically not there because 
STUs give you evacuation capacity only once their plant is already ready.  
So that's one point on the transmission aspect. Second is as per our internal assessments about  
70% to 80% of the land required for the capacity we're adding next fiscal is already acquired by 
us and we are well on our path to acquire the rest and construction is underway at all of these 
sites.  
So that gives us the confidence, coupled with the fact that this year already we have demonstrated 
organizational capability and ability to deliver at that scale, as you saw already 1.3 GW is added 
and therefore we are reasonably confident of delivering at a minimum 1,500 MW of RE power 
sales capacity for next fiscal.  
Nikunj Ghodawat: 
And this one more point Dhruv is that in our business there's a lot of Brownfield capacity which 
we have. So the farm already exists, the customer new contract gets signed and we add to the 
same farm. So there also there's significant derisk upfront happening at the construction level.  
Kuldeep Jain: 
Thank you, Dhruv. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Thanks so much and I hope you maintain the disclosure level and I hope it becomes a benchmark 
for everyone. Thanks so much.  
Kuldeep Jain: 
Thank you, Dhruv.  

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nishant Chandra from Temasek. Please go ahead.  
Nishant Chandra: 
Hey, hi, thanks for taking my question. On the last on Page 32 there is this thing on greenhouse 
gas reporting. What - so is that the electricity generation that the other gentleman was looking 
for or that's different, which is a quarterly units generated data? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
No, I think this is tons of CO2 emission from electricity generation and so on. So I wouldn't say 
that this is generation units.  
Nishant Chandra: 
This is not units, is it, okay. Got it.  
Kuldeep Jain: 
Not kWH Nishant, but this is standard disclosure format for GRI reporting on sustainability. 
And while we didn't present it in our opening comments, we do provide it as disclosure for 
investors.  
Nishant Chandra: 
Got the first line is electricity generation mean what in units, what units is this actually?  
Kuldeep Jain: 
This is CO2 reduction in tons due to electricity generation activity. That's what I think.  
Nishant Chandra: 
Sure, okay, that's fine. I can check offline. Yeah, no worries.  
Kuldeep Jain: 
Thank you so much Nishant and Temasek for your investment in CleanMax.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from Mihir Manohar from Trust Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead.  
Mihir Manohar: 
Yes, hi, thanks for giving the opportunity and congratulations on great set of numbers. Sir, 
largely wanted to understand on the data center side. I mean when we see over the last two years, 
80%, 90% of the growth has come from data center side. So how does it work? I mean are they 
getting for carbon offsets if you can flow the operational understanding over here for global data 
centers as to how do this business work? They purchase over here, they get the credits, some 
color around that? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Sure Mihir, thank you. You're right, data center business for us has grown a lot. It has grown 10 
times and now represents about 42% of our contracted capacity or about 2.4 GW out of our 5.7 
GW energy sale capacity is contracted for data and AI customers. This is of two types. First is 
direct supply of electricity or rather electricity supply for consumption in a data center located 
physically in a state in India.  
And we have dozens of clients in that and about a third of the data and AI business is of that 
type for energy supply for data center located in India is about a third of the data and AI business. 
The two thirds of the data and AI business is what are called environmental attribute purchase 
agreements (“EAPAs”) where the energy is not being physically consumed by a big tech, but 
they are paying us for the full value of the electricity.  

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
So, for instance, we may have a contract that you commission this solar plant for us say in 
Bikaner CTU connected and we guarantee you a revenue of INR 3.4 per unit of electricity. Now 
practically how does it get implemented Mihir is the following. That every day we generate 
electricity and sell it on the IEX as brown power and we receive the revenue we receive from 
the market. 
You know, so let's assume in an illustrative example that revenue was INR 2 per unit for the 
entire month and our guaranteed revenue is INR 3.4, then the global big tech who have signed 
the EAPA with us will give us the difference between the assured revenue which is INR 3.4 per 
unit of electricity and the received revenue which is INR 2 per unit of electricity, which is INR 
1.4 is what we'll receive from them and therefore the revenue we make at the end of the calendar 
month is INR 3.4. 
Similarly in this almost always the agreement states that if we receive higher in a month it could 
be higher, right? We may make INR 4 for sale of, you know, the power, we will then give them 
the difference. So INR 4 minus INR 3.4 in my illustrative example is what we will give to them. 
So that is how practically this contract works. 
Commercially though, I would like to highlight that this is very similar to a standard power 
purchase agreement from commercial aspects. Namely, one, it is a long-term 25-year agreement 
with a high-quality counterpart. Two, for us as a generator of electricity, our tariff is known and 
fixed over the next 25 years. Yes, that tariff is received as a sum of two parts, A being the revenue 
we receive from selling the power as brown power on the energy exchange and B being any 
delta compensation we'll receive from the big tech with whom we have this such a deal, right. 
But it is a firm known revenue over 25-year contract period with a high-quality creditworthy 
off-taker. So this is how the EAPA contracts work. So again to summarize, data and AI is now 
42% of our contracted capacity, about a third or slightly more than a third of this volume is direct 
supply of electricity to data centers physically located in India and two thirds are in the nature 
of the EAPA contracts which I described in slightly more detail. Yeah, thank you Mihir and 
thank you for your investment in CleanMax.  
Mihir Manohar: 
Just, and you know, China adds 250-300 GW of solar every year. Why does this C&I offset 
business come to India and not to China? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
There are a couple of distinct reasons for that. One of them is that, you know, people look at the 
cost per ton of carbon abated. Right, so India has two, three, four things going for it. One is of 
course low cost of renewables. Second is a coal-heavy grid so the carbon intensity of the offset 
is much more than you would enjoy say in China or Europe. And third is that the contracting 
structure, contracting discipline and welcomeness of big tech in India is a lot more than they 
find in China. So all of them are doing this kind of business in India.  
Mihir Manohar: 
Understood. Sure, sure. I just have two questions, should I go ahead? 
Kuldeep Jain:  
Yes, please go ahead. 

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
Mihir Manohar: 
Yes, sure, sure. So in a case, let's say we have tied up the capacity, we have entered into 
agreement, if there is delay in putting up the capacity because of, let's say, transmission 
evacuation not being provided by the respective agency, then how does the risk and how -- I 
mean who will bear the risk, how does it work over here if sufficient transmission evacuation 
capacity is not available? That was the first question. 
And second was on the cross subsidy surcharge. I mean our tariff is INR 4.25 versus industrial 
tariffs at INR 7 to INR 8 for the grid-based tariffs. Now this Draft Electricity Amendment Bill 
is proposing removal of cross subsidy surcharge. This is I mean quite an ideal thought process 
over there, idealistic scenario, but let's say if that goes through then what kind of risk do we have 
if that goes through?  
Kuldeep Jain: 
Thank you Mihir for those questions. So the - I think what was the first one? 
Mihir Manohar: 
First one was if the sufficient transmission evacuation capacity doesn't come up and we have 
entered into a contract already, who bears the risk? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Yeah. So in most of our - see we have 1,300 contracts, so you have to appreciate that every 
contract might be slightly different. But for almost all our contracts, right, if the grid does not 
connect, we would be able to declare that as a force majeure and not be subject to Liquidated 
Damages (LDs). 
Now that's not a happy event because you know we want to actually connect and start selling 
the power. But there is no double whammy typically that we would face as a result of that, right. 
So that's point number one. 
And second is, you know, we have by the way Mihir in the shareholders' letter an entire section 
on various regulatory risks and we've done a fair bit of analysis and so on, on that. You know, 
you highlighted one which is what if cross subsidy surcharge goes away, but there are also 
certain proposed or there are potential changes to banking norms, right, that the grids and the 
government I think will largely in a few years move to a regime where if you have given solar 
power during daytime, you cannot possibly be allowed to use that daytime solar power in 
nighttime, right? 
And also then the daytime solar power will be cheaper than evening peak power. And all of 
those also proposed guidelines. We've run all of those analysis Mihir and estimated that even if 
all of those events were to occur, then the maximum EBITDA risk to CleanMax on the 3 GW of 
contracted capacity is about 1.5% of our EBITDA, right. So I I've provided the high-level 
highlight, but I would also urge you to look at the shareholders' letter which contains the details 
of why the impacts of all of these regulatory changes put together if they happen, when they 
happen is so limited.  
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure, sir, definitely I will go through that. Thank you very much, that was very helpful, sir. 
Thank you very much.  

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
Kuldeep Jain: 
Thank you, Mihir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Akash Mehta from Canara HSBC Life Insurance. 
Please go ahead.  
Akash Mehta: 
Yeah, hi, sir. So just wanted to confirm one thing, in terms of the upcoming capacity, we have 
about 2.7 GW that where the PPAs have been signed. Is there any other capacity that's there like 
a pipeline capacity that other companies usually report for or as and when we conclude the PPA 
we'll probably add it to the 2.7 number? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
So there are two aspects to this. First is the power transmission capacity pipeline, right, which 
is not a - which has got nothing to do with customers, but it just talks about what evacuation we 
have available with us, right. So if you look at the bottom half of this page 30, this is power 
evacuation capacity that we have. 
So firm evacuation that we already possess which is yet to be contracted with customers, right, 
I'll again repeat, the firm evacuation which is yet to be contracted with customers stands at 3.1 
GW for us as of 1st March 2026. And evacuation applied for, which we've not yet been given 
on a firm basis, is about 1.6 GW. So both put together you could say 4.7 GW of sort of evacuation 
pipeline. 
Now the - your question though was slightly different. Your question was more around the sales 
pipeline and there we hesitate from trying to, you know, give sales pipeline numbers in terms of 
how many deals are under discussions or how many client calls we are making, because honestly 
our sales efforts are so broad - so broad-based. We have 570 clients. We have more than 50 BD 
executives. 
In a year, we sign about 100 new deals which means at any point there are 200 to 400 
conversations and pipeline discussions going on. So honestly to report those numbers in any 
credible auditable way is very, very hard, right. And therefore we refrain from that, once done, 
which means we have signed and contracted something, that's when we count it as, you know, 
contracted capacity.  
Akash Mehta: 
Sure, sir, that's quite helpful. But so it doesn't work like a LOA because it's C&I, right? I mean 
otherwise you can just mention it's LOA and this is a pipeline, correct? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Yes, it doesn't work like that because in the SECI system there's an LOA with SECI which may 
or may not translate into a PPA with a discom. Ours is, we sign directly with the end customer. 
So we just once we sign we do it and our look, our average group captive volume is 13 MW. 
The pipeline keeps delivering every quarter and is not lumpy. 
What you will see on an ongoing basis is we'll keep reporting our contracted capacity every 
quarter, every quarter it will keep going, going up and even if you look at our DRHP or our 
updated DRHP we filed just prior to the IPO, that also gave pipeline contracted capacity numbers 

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
as of 1st April, as of 31st July, as of 30th October and so on. So you can see that every quarter 
there is a steady consistent growth in the contracted capacity. 
Akash Mehta: 
Sure and okay, I got it. And my second question is on the land-bit evacuation, I think we are 
way ahead in terms of what we have to do in terms of the contracted capacity and we have the 
evacuation available for the upcoming capacities as well whenever we close the contracts. 
For land we just have 70% to 80% of the land acquired for the upcoming capacity. So the only 
- is the only reason that because the small the parcels of land are small and it takes time to kind 
of acquire land in bits and pieces or there any other reason for the outstanding 70% to 80% 
pending for next year?  
Kuldeep Jain: 
So rather than a range bound I just rechecked with my team, we have slightly upwards of 80% 
of the land already in place, and we last monitored this I think around mid to end February, and 
the reason this is never fully 100% is as in 12 months before commissioning is never fully 100% 
in our kind of business is that the average land holding for farmer in India is about 4 acres, which 
is enough for about 1.5 MWp of solar. 
So you know there are a lot of land deeds which you have to do so that 80% will gradually keep 
getting filled up in the next one or two quarters because and the capacity estimate is really till 
end of till March 2027, but you would have 100% of the land in place, for the capacity building 
in March 27, latest by September 2026. So that's how our business works. 
Akash Mehta: 
Sure that's quite helpful. Yes, those were the questions from my side. Thank you.  
Kuldeep Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Puneet Gulati from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes, thank you for the follow-up opportunity. My first question is on your 1 GW contracted 
pipeline potential capacity addition that you'll do for FY’27, which are the big states there and 
what should one be assuming as rough quantity there?  
Kuldeep Jain: 
So the guidance Puneet, is 1.5 GW of additional renewable energy power sales capacity in 
FY’26-FY’27. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes. 
Kuldeep Jain: 
And yes out of that maybe 0.5 GW is CTU connected wind project which we are building in the 
state of Karnataka. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes. 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Then the remainder is 1 GW of RE power sales capacity which is really for non-CTU and the 
four biggest states for us, Puneet, are really Gujarat, Karnataka, Maharashtra, and Tamil Nadu. 

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
These are also the top four states in India in terms of industrial GDP and that's really these are 
huge markets. That's why these are big states. 
Right, and we would expect these four states to be a bulk of that, but also growth will come from 
states like Haryana and Andhra Pradesh in addition to these big four and Rajasthan also possibly 
maybe Uttarakhand.  
Puneet Gulati: 
And in your letter you also talked about connectivity issues for especially the CTU project 525 
MWp. What is the status there and also for the balance 500 MW that you will commission in 
FY’26, if you can update on the status of connectivity there as well? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
So the Bikaner 2 connectivity status update that we have from CTU and their estimate is that - 
the grid itself is connected, the substation is connected, but there are transmission bottleneck 
more north of the substation which are causing some backdown issues. They estimate that 
somewhere in the quarter between October to December 2026 is by when they expect to resolve 
the same, but this is a matter outside our sphere of control. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes. 
Kuldeep Jain: 
So that is on the 525 MW in Bikaner 2. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And you have a TGNA there at this time. 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Yes, we would get a - that standard process would apply. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes. Okay. 
Kuldeep Jain: 
The second plant that we the CTU connected plant we are intending to commission in this fiscal 
is about 450 MW of wind coupled with, I think about 110 or 100 odd MWp of solar in Karnataka 
and there the grid expects I think a CTU connectivity is - I think we should think about it as 
December 2026 is our estimate. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay, that's helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next text question from Bharat Devara, a Retail Investor. It's a follow-
up question and the question is: Would it be fair to assume from your response on capex to 
EBITDA that our company's capex is the same as utility-scale peers, but our tariff is at the 30% 
premium essentially leading to the industry leading C-E. Would this lead to more competition 
going forward with utility peers moving to C&I? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Thank you Bharat for the question. I think your understanding is incredibly correct and we've 
always been a very competitive industry. If you looked at our DRHP, the industry report suggests 
that we are the number one player in India with a 12% all-India market share and therefore it 
does indicate that there is a fair bit of competition in this industry. 

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
What I can also note is that over the last few years, we have never seen unit economics worsen. 
Unit economics are essentially represent the economic metrics of making every new investment 
in a power plant and capital cost of solar and wind power have come down and as a result tariffs 
may have fallen slightly, but return metric such as ROI, ROE, equity IRR, equity payback, capex 
to EBITDA ratio or any other such ratio that we look at have improved -- have the stayed the 
same or marginally improved over time. 
Right, so that is what we have found. As an example, our equity payback for all assets built in 
financial year FY’22-FY’23, FY’23-FY’24, and FY’24-FY’25 was around two and a half years 
and in comparison equity payback for assets built in the lifetime of CleanMax was around 3.4 
years. 
So as you can see, equity returns have not worsened for us have only marginally improved 
forward time and coupled with great unit economics, coupled with substantial scale now coming 
because of the growth of the C&I industry and our own performance within it have led to 
improved financial metrics all around. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next text question is from Siddhant Jain from Kotak Securities and the 
question is: Can you share the breakup of capacity under hybrid? Also I was calculating the 
generation even using previous period capacity and DC PLFs given on slide 23. It was coming 
to be quite higher. Can you share how to go about this? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
There is a slide 23 which has the capacity commissioned and the PLFs in in the different time 
periods which we can pull up and that those PLFs are therefore provided in our database with 
both wind solar and hybrid as you can see at the bottom half of the page we have the PLF 
capacities provided. For the first nine months and the corresponding last nine months period as 
well those are provided. 
And by the way, this generation is also there. Sorry, I there was a question earlier also on units 
generated and exported, this is there on page 23 of the deck. I acknowledge though to the 
participant who pointed it out previously that that data is not split on a quarter-by-quarter basis 
and going forward we will provide that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next audio question from Nishant Chandra from Temasek. Please 
go ahead. 
Nishant Chandra: 
Hi, just one follow-up question. This is on capex creditors and how we deal with that in terms 
of linked to capitalization. For the point in as of December, what is the capex creditor position 
for the company? 
Nikunj Ghodawat: 
Nishant, allow me to just get the exact number. 
Nishant Chandra: 
Sure. The other one is on run-rate net debt as of 1st March. What you how do you calculate that 
because some of the debt drawdown would have also gone towards CWIP right? So is it same 
apples-to-apples comparing the run-rate net debt versus the run-rate EBITDA? 

 
 
Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
Nikunj Ghodawat: 
So for the capacity - there are two ways to look at it. One is that what the capacity which is built 
and operating is, and what is the debt against that given. And second is the unit economics basis 
if we look at it we've been maintaining around 5.5 run-rate net debt to EBITDA on a basis. So 
that's the one way the other way to look at it. 
Kuldeep Jain: 
And yes Nishant, to answer your specific question, that is not in our business that is never strictly 
triangulable off-balance sheet but all analysts and investors such as yourself need it. Right, and 
therefore what we do is - don't just look at the drawn down debt as on that date because, we may 
have commissioned a certain capacity, but very often in our business we only draw down that 
debt as and when required to pay off the capex creditor. 
And therefore there was merit in providing for the benefit of investors like yourselves both 
numbers which is run-rate EBITDA as well as corresponding run-rate net debt so that, anyway 
you want to then use it for your own analysis that oh how do I think about, EV/EBITDA 
multiples and then what debt to subtract from that, you should have that corresponding number. 
That's the purpose of providing that. 
Nishant Chandra: 
Fair point. No because in my mind I was also then to the extent of value attributable to the CWIP 
because that is the investment that has gone into the company without generating anything but 
it is likely to accrue value in the next 12 months or so, so I was trying to understand how to 
offset it against this net debt number? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Yes, I think you'll just have to subtract. 
Nishant Chandra: 
Yes, that's why I think about it, yes. That's fair. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next text question from A Pradeep from Vedanta and the question is: 
Since the proceeds from IPO is being used for repayment of borrowings or exit of current 
investors or general corporate purpose, what are your plans for equity contribution for your 
upcoming projects? Any QIBs etc.? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
We have no intention of a QIB to answer that very specific question and we believe that we 
should be well funded for continued high growth over the next three years. Right, so that's, I 
wouldn't say no QIB forever, but certainly I think we would like to assure everyone that at 
current or even slightly higher rates of growth, we are well equity funded on an overall balance 
sheet level along with all the strategic partnerships that we have for continued high growth over 
the next three financial years at a minimum and, of course as any other business would, we will 
keep assessing that statement and that equity requirement on an annual basis and advising 
investors accordingly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sumit Kishore for closing comments. Thank you and 
over to you. 

Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited 
March 18, 2026 
Page 20 of 20 
Copyright ©2026. All Rights Reserved. Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.
Sumit Kishore: 
On behalf of Axis Capital, I would like to thank Kuldeep sir, Nikunj, for giving us the 
opportunity to host the Clean Max Maiden Analyst Conference Call. Over to you, Kuldeep, for 
any last comments. Thank you. 
Kuldeep Jain: 
No, we wanted to say a big thanks for everyone who's joined and asked questions and so on. 
Thank you everyone for investing in CleanMax and spending your time to evaluate potential for 
the investment in us. And this was for us in our life our first ever Analyst Call, maybe you guys 
do it every day but for us it was the first experience. 
Therefore, if there is any feedback you all have in terms of how we can improve, how we can 
share better information, or even just how we presented, we would really value it. And please 
do not hesitate to share that with us over the coming periods of time. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Axis Capital and 
CleanMax, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Note: 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent 
of Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Limited.  
