 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 17th February, 2026 
 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051.
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001.
Scrip Symbol: CEWATER 
Scrip Code: 544315 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015: Transcript of Conference Call held on 13th February, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of Conference Call of Concord Enviro 
Systems Limited (“Company”) held on 13th February, 2026.  
 
The same is being uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed at 
https://www.concordenviro.in/investors.php.   
 
The above is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
Prerak Goel 
Director 
DIN: 00348563 
 
Place: Mumbai 
 
Encl: As above 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
101, HDIL Towers, Anant Kanekar Marg, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051, India 
T     
F     
E     
W   
CIN
+91 22 6704 9000 
+91 22 6704 9010 
cs@concordenviro.in 
www.concordenviro.in 
L45209MH1999PLC120599
PRERAK 
GOEL
Digitally signed by 
PRERAK GOEL 
Date: 2026.02.17 
18:06:56 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
  
“Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
Earnings Conference Call” 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
                           
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRAYAS GOEL – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – CONCORD ENVIRO 
SYSTEMS LIMITED 
MR. PRERAK GOEL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
CONCORD ENVIRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
MR. ANISH GOEL – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – CONCORD ENVIRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KANAV KHANNA – ERNST & YOUNG (EY 
LLP) 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
February 13, 2026 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kanav Khanna. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Kanav Khanna: 
Thanks and good morning to all the participants on the call and thank you for joining our Q3 
and 9 months FY26 earnings call of Concord Enviro Systems Limited. Please note that we have 
mailed out the results to everyone and you can also see it on our website. It's also uploaded on 
the stock exchanges. In case you have not received it, you can write to us; we'll be happy to send 
it over. 
And before we proceed to the call, let me remind you that the discussions may contain some 
forward-looking statements and may invoke known or unknown risks, uncertainties and factors. 
It must be viewed in the conjunction with our business model and could also cause future results 
or performance to vary significantly from what is expressed or implied. 
To take the results of this quarter and answer all your queries, we have the management of 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited with us. Please welcome Mr. Prayas Goel, Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. Prerak Goel, Executive Director; Mr. Anish Goel, Group CFO. We'll 
be starting the call with a brief overview of the quarter, gone past and then we'll follow it up 
with some question and answers. 
Now with that being said, I'll transfer the call to the management. Over to you. 
Prayas Goel: 
Hello, good morning. My name is Prayas Goel. A very warm welcome to Concord Enviro's 
Third Quarter and 9 months FY26 earnings call, thank you for taking the time to join us today. 
We are beginning a very exciting chapter of our journey with the launch of our H-Xtreme heat 
exchanger product that we launched in Q3 and showcased with the recently concluded Chemtech 
exhibition in Mumbai. This cements our place in the process industry where we can apply a mix 
of our membrane and thermal products generating higher value for the clients, as well as getting 
a larger wallet share from the same clients. 
The H-Xtreme heat exchanger, our next generation shell-and-tube system is engineered for 
highly corrosive industrial environments. This product directly complements our focus on waste 
heat recovery for zero liquid discharge applications in making the zero liquid discharge not only 
greener but also lower in cost. 
This H-Xtreme product range fits directly into flue gas carbon capture applications for both 
Concord's own carbon capture and utilization solutions and the broader carbon capture and 
utilization market where Flue Gas cooling is an inevitable first step. Our solution makes 
recovering energy a simplified step. 
The focus from the government through a budget allocation for carbon capture and utilization 
makes us very excited about the future opportunities in the near term for this product range. We 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
February 13, 2026 
Page 3 of 13 
 
believe this complements our broader strategy of expanding beyond wastewater treatment into 
adjacent process separations and sustainability led applications such as solar photovoltaic, green 
hydrogen, carbon capture and semiconductors. We will continue to share updates as these 
initiatives translate into commercial traction over the coming quarters. 
With the introduction of this product, Concord Enviro is leveraging its over three decades of 
experience in water and wastewater management and has evolved into a technology driven, 
globally integrated solutions provider. Our focus continues to be on zero liquid discharge and 
energy efficient technologies that enable industries to meet their sustainability goals while 
optimizing life cycle costs. 
Our businesses operate across three core segments: systems and plants, consumables and spares 
and operations and maintenance, allowing us to serve the entire value chain from design and 
commissioning through long-term performance optimization. In addition, our foray into 
compressed biogas last year is beginning to show early momentum with initial projects moving 
into execution during Q3 FY26, supported by a strengthened and experienced project team.  
We continue to serve a diversified client base across pharmaceuticals, chemicals, food and 
beverage, defense, automotive, energy, steel, textiles, reflecting the adaptability and scalability 
of our solutions. The order received from one of the largest tequila brands in Mexico is proof of 
the superiority of our solutions for wastewater globally. 
In line with our strategy to strengthen our technology capabilities, we have also made a strategic 
investment of $2 million for an equity stake in a US-based polymer company. This investment 
enhances our access to advanced material science capabilities and supports our long-term 
product development roadmap. This is our second investment in the US in a membrane 
technology company. 
On the raw effluent membrane space, we have expanded our field trials and are changing the 
face of wastewater treatment with our partnership with great technology companies in the 
international marketplace. FY '26 we have also faced challenges with delayed project executions. 
Post Africa, we have also seen delays in land acquisition for the BOO project being undertaken 
by our service arm; this has resulted in rescheduling of delivery of the systems. 
Given these shifts, a SAP re-implementation taking place this quarter and higher engineering 
lead time for large projects currently on order, for FY '26 we are guiding towards a revenue of 
approximately INR600 crores, implying an expected growth band of 2% for the year. While 
near-term execution timelines remain important, we believe this range reflects a balanced view 
of current visibility and conversion schedules. 
From an order book perspective, our lifetime order book continues to remain very healthy with 
meaningful execution expected over the mid-term. That said, we recognize the need to enhance 
disclosure granularity going forward. We have issued TCV and ACV metrics this quarter so that 
investors can better track down inflows, execution progress, and recurring revenue visibility. 
Looking ahead to FY '27, several growth drivers are beginning to  take shape. We expect CETP-
related orders to start contributing, supporting revenues in the next financial year. Export 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
February 13, 2026 
Page 4 of 13 
 
markets are also witnessing strong traction and we see this segment emerging as an important 
contributor to incremental growth. We therefore see a strong order book for FY '27 to meet our 
growth targets for the year. 
Our solutions-as-a-service or a SaaS business, Roserve, is scaling up meaningfully. Water-as-a-
service as a concept is gaining popularity the world over and we believe that partnering with the 
right global partners will help us scale up Roserve to the heights it can achieve. 
Our focus on the solar PV industry has resulted in our first order consisting of both ultra-pure 
water or UPW and wastewater recycling and reuse. The systems supplied to a leading power 
company to generate desalinated water for solar panel cleaning have also been successfully 
commissioned at a large solar farm in Western India. 
We believe this segment will continue to scale steadily. The energy efficiency of our solutions 
is what drives us apart from others and is being recognized by the market. Discussions with other 
leading industries in the solar PV manufacturing space are currently at an advanced negotiation 
stage and we expect momentum in this area to build from Q4 onwards. Overall, we remain 
focused on execution discipline, strengthening technology differentiation, and building 
diversified growth drivers across geographies and segments. 
With that, I'd like to now hand over to Mr. Prerak Goel, Executive Director, to walk you through 
the financial performance for Q3 and 9 months of FY '26. Thank you. 
Prerak Goel: 
Thank you, Prayas. Good morning, everyone. For the quarter ended December 25, revenue from 
operations stood at INR1,245.75 million compared to INR1,248.45 million in Q2 and 
INR1,228.21 million in Q3 FY '25, reflecting a marginal decline of 0.2% quarter-on-quarter and 
a growth of about 1.4% year-on-year. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR43 million compared to INR76.57 million in Q2 FY '26 
and INR17.15 million in Q3 FY '25. This represents a decline of 43.8% sequentially while 
growing at 150.7% year-on-year. EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 3.5% compared to 
6.1% in Q2 FY '26 and 1.4% in Q3 FY '25. 
 
Net loss after tax for the quarter stood at INR81.77 million compared to a net profit of INR44.91 
million in quarter 2 FY '26 and a net loss of INR85.64 million in Q3 FY '25. For the 9-month 
period ended December 25, revenue from operations stood at INR3,518.12 million as against 
INR3,874.46 million in the corresponding period last year, reflecting a decline of 9.2% year-on-
year. 
 
EBITDA for the 9-month period stood at INR110.69 million compared to INR342.91 million in 
the corresponding period last year, reflecting a decline of about 67.7% year-on-year. EBITDA 
margins for 9-month FY '26 stood at 3.1% versus 8.9% in 9-month FY '25. The net profit after 
tax for the 9-month period stood at INR4.33 million compared to INR43.62 million in the 
corresponding period last year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
February 13, 2026 
Page 5 of 13 
 
 
While the near-term performance reflects the impact of project delays, our order visibility 
remains strong. We are confident that the strategic investments we're making in talent 
technology and execution will enable us to deliver sustainable long-term value. 
 
With that, we now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Sucrit D Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Sucrit D Patil: 
Two questions; my first question to the CEO is, looking beyond the guidance which you have 
given, what will be the key priorities guiding the company's strategy to strengthen growth and 
profitability? How do you plan to balance expansion in waste management services with 
sustaining margins over the next few quarters? That’s my first question; I’ll ask my second 
question after this. Thank you. 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, thank you, and that remains a strong priority for us in terms of balancing margins and 
frankly the focus comes from differentiated technology and looking at value-added solutions for 
the same industrial space. And I'll take an example of the solar market where the type of solution 
and the value-add that Concord as a solution provider delivers is very differentiated and which 
allows us to remain, focused on margins. So that will remain a continued focus going forward. 
Sukrit D Patil: 
Thank you. My second question to the CFO is, as Concord plans forward, what financial signals 
will drive decisions on cost control, capital allocation, and debt management? How will these 
signals influence long-term earning stability and shareholder value creation? Want to understand 
the plan of action and a point of view on this? Thank you. 
Prerak Goel: 
Yes, so hi, Prerak here. So see, I think from a long-term value creation perspective, you know, 
we are obviously targeting the sectors which are adjacent to our business, our core business 
which is water and wastewater. We obviously see the need and the drive to, you know, move 
into larger project executions, and that's where the company has been pivoting to over the last 
few years, both in the international and the Indian market space. 
 
So I think, you know, looking at sectors like CETP etc. which will add or bring in that value. 
Now coming to capital allocation etc., see the company has put in capacity over the last, I would 
say five to six years where we have built in enough strong capacity to be able to achieve our 
next scale of growth. 
 
The focus today remains on new products and technologies which we feel are big contributors 
to both our existing product and technology and also, you know, expanding the market for 
ourselves, especially going into process industry or going into more value-add components that 
we are seeing a demand for in the market and currently, let's say there's no other or any other 
vendor who's kind of creating that that kind of product in the market. So that that remains the 
strategic focus. I'll just hand over to Anish to add some more points. 
Anish Goel: 
Hi, Anish here. Regarding capital allocation and need for capital, for up to with our recent IPO 
and the funds we have, we don't see any need to raise any equity for a at least couple of years or 
at least we are at least double the top line that we have today and we are adequately funded. So 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
February 13, 2026 
Page 6 of 13 
 
in terms of ROE or investor's return, I think we will not ask for any more capital if that answers. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Agam Shah, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Agam Shah: 
Hi sir. Can you briefly - I mean you explained, commented, but can you explain in detail I mean 
what is happening? Why is the execution lagging since last two quarters? And you've cut the 
guidance for this year's growth also. So, I mean, where is it that we are lagging? So, I mean, it's 
quite a long that the execution has somehow been not happening and the order book and the 
opportunity size is too huge? 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, thank you, Agam. Agam, I think, you know, there are a couple of things that have happened 
this year. I think last quarter we had talked about the Kenya project which had got revised to an 
FY27 year because of some internal aspects at the client's end. We've seen some similar kind of 
project delays that have taken place with a  couple of our key clients.  
Also, one of our projects which was being implemented by a leasing company had some land 
acquisition delays. So there too we missed one quarter's, let's say execution what should have 
been done in Q3 is now looking to be a Q4 come Q1 sort of a number and that was also one of 
our larger projects in this financial year.  
So yes, there has been some slippage in terms of execution, but there have been factors which 
have kind of been beyond our control as well. We are currently in the midst of an SAP 
implementation - re-implementation because obviously the company is realigning, so that is 
creating some challenges in being able to catch up with execution in Q4.  
So that is the main reason why we're kind of lowering the guidance for this year because given 
that we had a flat Q3 and the Q4 while being on track would only be able to help us reach our 
revenue target of INR600 crores. So that's really been the hit. I think long term with the aspects 
that we're putting into place for our long-term growth in terms of our team building, the project 
teams have come into place with the new products as well, we have teams in place. So I think 
it's reflecting that over the next couple of quarters these things will stabilize and execution will 
be back on track, but Yes, there is a minor hit in this financial year because of this. 
Agam Shah: 
Hello. Considering the two hits which happened this quarter, so I mean, I am talking in terms of 
a longer term, so what are we doing? I mean, let's say some other hit might happen next quarter, 
something else might come up. So what is the strategy out here or what is the thought process? 
Have you thought anything, I mean, how to tackle these things? 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, sir. So I think in recognizing the fact obviously that the growth has to be sustained. So what 
we are seeing is a couple of things. First and foremost, more importantly we are seeing a stronger 
order book with a bigger focus on Q1 and Q2 and that's what we are, if you look at the current 
order book and we can probably separately talk granularly as well to look at how the current 
order book is in fact going to transform into quarter 1 and quarter 2 deliveries. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
February 13, 2026 
Page 7 of 13 
 
 
And secondly is more of the product diversification wherein we are going to be bringing in 
revenues not only from the core ZLD segment, so these are two sections which should help 
things improve going forward, sir. 
Agam Shah: 
And on the new product which you have launched, can we expect commercialization and 
revenue from next quarter on the Q1 onwards? 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, we expect the ramp up of orders to start in  we are starting to receive orders in this in Q4 
which will be for deliveries in Q1 FY27. 
Agam Shah: 
Okay. And any big projects which you're working on for the solar or the semiconductor space? 
Any big orders or anything which you have built for and can commercialize? 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, sir, as we mentioned earlier, we are in as we are negotiating final negotiation stages with 
one of the largest players in this space. This is going to be a more Brownfield kind of a play, but 
it is a significantly large one. Along with that, we are also in the final stages for a large steel and 
other metals and mining zero liquid discharge. So as Prerak mentioned earlier from a ramp up 
to larger project sizes, there has been quite a successful traction there and if all goes well, we 
hope that we'll be able to announce some good news very soon. 
Agam Shah: 
What is the timeline for this? So I mean, when we will come to know whether we are winning 
the order or no or whatever it is? 
Prayas Goel: 
It should be in the next six weeks, sir. 
Agam Shah: 
Next six weeks? 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes. 
Agam Shah: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Prayas Goel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Maulik Patel from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Maulik Patel: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So I understand that we have some slippages in that Kenya 
order and one more order which led to this muted execution in the Q3 and Q2. But if I look at 
the gross margin, it has dipped significantly over the last year and if I look at, if I just go back 
to one year before that, we used to have around some 47% kind of a gross margin two-three 
years back. Now we are about 37, 38%. So what’s leading to this kind of big dip in the margin? 
Prerak Goel: 
Hi Maulik. Sorry, Maulik, I'm not able to see the numbers that you're reflecting because I think 
our gross margins have been pretty consistently stable. I think we've been fluctuating between 
the 48% to 51%, that's where the band has been over the last couple, I mean, I would say couple 
of years in fact. So right now, I think if you look at Q3, our gross margin is 49% and if you look 
at Q2 it was 50%. So I hope you're calculating. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
February 13, 2026 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Maulik Patel: 
Okay. So I consider service charge as a part of the cost only because it's linked to that. So in that 
and if okay, if look at from that perspective, Yes, so if I remove the service charge, we used to 
have close to around 53% gross margin in 3Q FY24, which was close to around 60% in 3Q 
FY25, right? And last year  this quarter it's close to around 49% or so. I mean that number, 50% 
or so. So why there is an a dip in that number? 
Prerak Goel: 
Okay. No, I mean see, honestly from a business perspective, we haven't really seen any big 
change in margins or services because I think see right now if you look at the O&M business it's 
kind of been at the let's say, I mean, from an overall percentage of overall turnover right now 
the O&M is probably higher.  
So therefore the service charges are higher. But yes, on the project execution side the exports 
which are generally a slightly higher gross margin product have been lower. We have some 
export projects which will go out in Q4 as well. So that will probably set right some of the 
numbers in terms of consumption.  
But overall on a on a granular level across the board for the organization, we're not seeing any 
change in gross margins. What we have done over the last quarter is we have brought in the 
teams which are looking at implementation of the new heat exchanger business, the CBG 
business, those teams are strengthened.  
So in fact the major hit that we're seeing this year is because of the higher employee costs that 
that have arisen because of this. Now part of that will obviously come from the growth, I mean, 
the turnover to EBITDA will come once the growth from these divisions starts to scale up. But 
otherwise, I mean, on an overall water wastewater business perspective, I think we're seeing 
margins to be pretty similar to what they have been. 
Maulik Patel: 
So in your assessment for the last  when if I look at that first nine months we have not seen any 
growth. We're still expecting to do the same kind of revenue which was last year of around 
INR600 crores. That implies close to around INR250 crores of top line in Q4. How confident of 
you are? Because see, what's happening is that every quarter, we started the year with some 
around 18%, 20% number, then we came down to 12% growth number. 
Now we are talking about another flattish number kind of a growth. Every quarter there has been 
a downward revision in the guidance, that's number one. And second is this guidance versus 
given that this financial year is very, very flattish number and you've seen that slippage of the 
order to the next financial year, next financial year can be very, very big number. Are we looking 
at the 30%, 40% kind of a growth because of the slippage of this FY26 projects to the FY27? 
Prerak Goel: 
Maulik, I would probably not be able to comment on that completely right now, but I mean see, 
Yes, the orders are not gone away, the orders have just been delayed to FY27. So we have to 
look at execution, we have to look at a lot of other internal requirements while doing that.  
While yes, in principle that should translate, especially we have seen good order traction in the 
last quarter. So if you see the order book we have replaced more than what we have supplied in 
the last quarter. So we continue to see that in fact even in this quarter our expectation is that our 
order book will exceed.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
February 13, 2026 
Page 9 of 13 
 
So given that execution challenges are there in the business with respect to certain contracts do 
move depending on what the client's requirement is, we have a lot of sites where civil works are 
not completed. So therefore clients are delayed deliveries. So these things do keep happening as 
projects keep getting executed.  
So I think that risk will remain with us, but Yes, I mean, a lot of the orders which we are talking 
about are translating into revenue in FY27. So that should kind of add up numbers. Now whether 
that translates into a 30%., 40% growth, I I would refrain from committing on that right now. 
Maulik Patel: 
Sure, great. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Soniya Varnekar from Dalal and Broacha 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Soniya Varnekar: 
Hello, thank you for the opportunity. So last quarter in the con call you had revised your 
EBITDA margin guidance from 16% to 17% to 15% to 16%. Now considering Q3's 
performance, do you think for full year we'll be able to deliver at 15% to 16% EBITDA margin? 
Prerak Goel: 
No, Soniya, hi. Soniya, so there will be an impact because of the lower revenue, there will be an 
impact in terms of the EBITDA. I think given the higher employee cost and everything, I think 
that's almost we're looking at a 2% to 3% impact there. So yes, I mean it would kind of go down. 
We're looking at anywhere between 10% to 12% at the current moment. 
Soniya Varnekar: 
Okay. And the thing what you were discussing that these orders which were impacted, there is 
likely chance that it will come in FY27. So from FY27 perspective, will your margin come back 
to the same trajectory, this 15%, 16% or 17% in that range we'll be able to achieve that? 
Prerak Goel: 
Yes, see that's the target. I think given that couple of the products that we've been working on 
over the last 12 months, 18 months are now at commercialization stage. So obviously a lot of 
the investment that has gone in there in developing products, trial and testing them, obviously 
all of that will also kind of go away and start translating into margins. So our target EBITDA 
does remain between the 14% to 16% band for next year. 
Soniya Varnekar: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: 
Good morning, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunities. Sir, our 7.5 ton per day CO2 
capture pilot is slated for H2 FY27. Sir, I'm trying to understand cost competitiveness and 
penalties in this side. The government penalty for non-compliance is set at 2x of the average 
carbon credit price? 
I'm trying to understand what is the estimated levelized cost of capture per ton of CO2 using 
your biological system? And obviously it should be below the penalty rate for that cost. I'm 
trying to understand what is the difference between the penalty rate and the cost of using our 
biological system. So I'm trying to understand how this is scalable in future? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
February 13, 2026 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, hi Mr. Balasubramanian. Good morning. So yes, I think maybe we can share some 
information separately with you on the details of the cost. But largely speaking, there are two or 
three points which I'd like to highlight to you. One is the biological carbon capture systems tend 
to be more capital efficient than the chemical capture systems.  
So there is a significant advantage in the biological carbon capture kind of technology with heat 
recovery that we provide. On the cost versus the let's say the penalty for not meeting the targets, 
it's a function largely of the scale of the projects and this is something which I guess we will 
have a little bit more clarity once we are through with the pilots.  
We are developing models for the larger scale projects as well. And the third thing which I'd like 
to draw your attention to is that I think we are seeing interest across the sector which is not only 
driven by the penalty for not matching, which is only let's say limited to a set of sectors today.  
But we are also seeing that there is genuine demand from switching over to being becoming 
green, becoming carbon neutral from a customer driven focus which we see in textiles and 
pharmaceuticals from export driven industries where selling to the EU. for example, there is 
there is not necessarily a government set target in the Indian marketplace which is driving 
demand there. So there are a lot of factors, but we'll certainly reach out to you and share more 
information on the scale up and the cost economics. 
Moderator: 
Balasubramanian, does that answer your question? 
Balasubramanian: 
Yes, madam. Sir, my next question on the nuclear side, we have seen lots of nuclear orders 
awarded to players in the industry. I'm trying to understand like what is the margin profile in our 
core area for especially in the nuclear specific? And secondly, if you could touch upon green 
hydrogen side and especially what's the total addressable market share especially in electrolyzer 
cooling loop or the feed water for the hydrogen model side. 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, sorry. To the first part of your question is, what was sorry could you please repeat the first 
part? 
Balasubramanian: 
So first part like especially in the nuclear side, nuclear grade desalination required a specific 
safety and quality certifications. That's the first thing, whether we have all the certification in 
place and whether we can able to participate all the nuclear related contracts. And what is the 
margin profile in those nuclear areas? The margin profile is lower or higher because of stringent 
compliance cost. 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, what we are seeing on the nuclear side is we have projects and in fact orders which are 
currently in the in under execution. So the margin profile we are seeing is quite in the range of 
the regular margin. This remains a significantly competitive space here, sir. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay sir. And the second part on the green hydrogen side, I'm trying to understand what is the 
total addressable market size for electrolyzer cooling loop and the feed water for the hydrogen 
models. And what are the opportunity size for our forte area? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
February 13, 2026 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, as you have probably seen over the last few years, this has been, I mean there are several 
reports and numbers on the TAM in this in this segment. But we have seen significant lag in 
terms of execution when projects being announced and actually kicking off ground. So my sense 
is that there is a significant difference on this and projects are moving slowly. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay, sir. So my last question I think we have entered into solar PV wastewater and steel and 
semiconductor water treatment side. On the solar PV side what is the contract value and if you 
could share further  pipeline or opportunity side. You can also share some details detail support 
semiconductor because we have seen lot of fabrication plants are coming up like Micron, CG 
Power. I'm just trying to understand like what kind of inquiry pipelines we have on steel, 
semiconductor, and solar PV wastewater side? 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, sorry, did you mention steel as well, sir? 
Balasubramanian: 
Yes, sir. Waste pickle liquor system? 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, that's right. So I think if you look at the whole steel, solar, semiconductor, the pipeline 
would probably be worth  of INR800 crores at the current moment, which is what I would call 
kind of the active or the very active pipeline. On the on the steel side, it's a lot of wastewater 
zero liquid discharge, it's a lot of waste pickle liquor recovery which, the industry spend a lot of 
money on external disposal. 
 
On the solar side,  we have some great solutions for dealing with the concentrated alkali and 
concentrated acid streams which is really an hazardous waste where the industry spends a lot of 
money again in in really external disposal of these waste streams, which we are today able to 
conveniently offer a low cost green ZLD type of modules to them. So between both the steel 
semiconductor and solar markets there's considerable traction. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay, thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Dheeraj Ram from B&K securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking up my question. So just circling back to the previous participant's 
question,  what is giving the guidance of INR600 crores maintaining for FY '26 while in last call 
you'd committed that some of our orders are in finalization of completion which is expected to 
give us the boost of top line in margins, which hasn't happened so far. So what is giving the 
confidence to maintain it at INR600 crores for FY '26? 
Prerak Goel: 
Hi Dheeraj. Dheeraj, these orders are currently firmed up, in fact, I mean we're midway through 
our quarter, so a lot of this is also supplied. So, right now we're not banking on any new orders. 
This is basically all orders in hand which we are executing through to 31st of March. 
 
So Yes, the INR600 crores number should not go astray. We have a couple of discussions 
ongoing with respect to deliveries for the deferred projects. So they could go either ways; we're 
still obviously hoping for the best, but I think as a conservative practice we're giving a guidance 
which we know is again, we're going to try and meet. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
February 13, 2026 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Okay. And second one is your order inflow guidance in Q1 you've guided for INR600 crores to 
INR700 crores of order inflow, and even order inflow has also remained a little below your 
guidance. What order book do you want to close by the end of FY '26 so that we can look up to 
FY '27? 
Prerak Goel: 
Yes, Dheeraj. So I think see Dheeraj we have, I mean roughly about INR300-odd crores is 
revenue that is coming from the after-sales business, right? That's the O&M and the spares and 
consumables. So I mean, leaving that aside, I mean ideally we would like to our target is always 
to get to at least 1x coverage. 
 
Right now if you look at the current order book that we have, we are at about 60% coverage of 
let's say a 20%-25% growth target for FY '27 if we set that, then we are at about 60% of that. So 
Yes, we're looking for anywhere between order intake of about INR160 crores to INR180 crores 
in this quarter. Obviously as Prayas mentioned, we're six weeks away from a large order 
discussion, so I think that is something that will shape up our order book. 
 
But given the three or four large projects that we have currently in pipeline we're bidding for 
that, I think if we do not win something which is imminent in the in this quarter we'll probably 
close out a couple of the larger projects in by Q1 of FY '27, so that should kind of give us a 1x 
coverage if not by 31st March, at least by 30th June for FY '27. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Okay, just last question sir. So the orders that you have seen for the delay in this financial year, 
since these has rolled forward to FY '27, what is the kind of margins that you're expecting? Do 
we still have any margin dilutive orders in the order book apart from those few orders which got 
delayed? 
Prerak Goel: 
I mean see, they're not margin dilutive; it's more like the shift has happened, so delivery and top 
line will get booked in the next year. But I think, if you look at our current order book, the mix 
of orders that we have are pretty healthy. It's quite regular for our business. So, if you ignore the 
increase in manpower cost that we've seen this year, slight increase in expenses, I wouldn't say 
our gross margins are really moving too much, they're pretty much in the same band. 
 
So it's just the translation to EBITDA because of some of these expenses that is going to be a 
little bit margin negative, so as I said, we are targeting between 10% to 12% EBITDA for this 
financial year, which is lower than the 14% that we had, but that's purely a hit because of the 
lower absorption of fixed overheads to the top line that we are now projecting. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Okay, okay. Just last question, I'll come back in the queue. Since you're talking about some large 
orders, previously we've seen working capital getting affected due to some large orders from 
Diageo. Now again you're talking about some large orders, so do we see an increase from current 
levels of working capital next year or how do we have to see these? 
Anish Goel: 
Hi, Anish here. Yes, Diageo, there was working capital which got there, the project is already 
executed, so that working capital will be allocated in these projects, so there will not be any 
increase. Now these projects are little smaller in chunks than what Diageo as a single project 
was. We don't see any increase in working capital, rather there will be some 5% to 10% reduction 
only. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
February 13, 2026 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Got it, any target of working capital days that you want to have sir for FY '27? 
Anish Goel: 
It will be in the same range. Today on a net-net working capital, we are close to 127 days; we 
will be closer to 120-125 days while we'll attempt to reduce the days even more. Thank you. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Siddhartha Biyanee, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Biyanee: 
Just wanted to understand that last quarter you had guided that, there were a couple of CBG 
projects that you are looking at for an execution perspective starting Q3. Just wanted to get an 
update on that and how are you looking at the overall landscape, because we are seeing that, you 
know, there have been a lot of CBG plants that are getting implemented under the SATAT 
scheme. Just wanted some thoughts from you on that? 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, hi. Yes, so the current kind of projects that we have we've started execution in  Q3 and I 
think we will complete most of it by Q1 end of Q1 from the current order book standpoint. We 
are seeing good inquiry traction as well. There are from standalone operators to larger kind of 
more consolidated players who are looking for, good technology, low captive energy 
consumption and reliability in terms of operation. So we have several active conversations 
ongoing with again the industry, with customers. We definitely see this to be interesting for FY 
'27. 
Siddhartha Biyanee: 
Okay, sure sir. And just one more follow up, there was I think in the last earnings call you had, 
informed us about a desalination project where you were sort of shortlisted as the L1 for that 
entire project. Any updates on that project, if it is going forward or not? 
Prerak Goel: 
Yes, that's converted to an order. It's in our order book this this quarter. 
Siddhartha Biyanee: 
Okay, great. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, that concludes the question 
and answer session. I now hand the conference back to the management for closing comments. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Prerak Goel: 
All right, thank you everyone for your time. We look forward to speaking to you in the next 
quarter. Thank you. 
Prayas Goel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. On behalf of Concord Enviro Systems Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us today, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
