 
 
बडौदा कॉपȾरेट सɅटर, सी-26, जी-Þ लॉक, बाÛġा कुला[ कॉà Ü लेÈ स, मुंबई 400 051, भारत. 
Baroda Corporate Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai 400 051, India 
फोन / Ph : 91 22 6698 5812 ई मेल / E Mail : companysecretary.bcc@bankofbaroda.bank.in वेब / Web : www.bankofbaroda.bank.in 
 
BCC:ISD:118:16: 235 
 
 
 
 
      
 
                            14.05.2026 
 
 
 
The Vice-President,   
B S E Ltd.,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE CODE-532134 
 
 
The Vice-President,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
CODE-BANKBARODA 
 
 
 
Madam / Dear Sir, 
 
Re: Disclosure under Regulation 46(2) of SEBI (LODR) 
 
We enclose transcript of Media Meet & Analyst Meet held on 08th May 2026 for Q4 (FY 2025-26) 
Financial Results. 
 
We request you to take note of the above pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
and upload the information on your website. 
 
 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
S Balakumar 
Company Secretary 
S BALA 
KUMAR
Digitally signed 
by S BALA 
KUMAR 
Date: 2026.05.14 
17:33:30 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
Bank of Baroda Media Meet for Quarter and Year ended 31st March 2026 
8th May 2026 
 
 
Participating members from the Management Team of the Bank  
➢ Dr. Debadatta Chand, Managing Director & CEO  
➢ Mr. Lalit Tyagi, Executive Director 
➢ Mr. Sanjay Vinayak Mudaliar, Executive Director 
➢ Mr. Lal Singh, Executive Director 
➢ Ms. Beena Vaheed, Executive Director 
➢ Mr. I V L Sridhar, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Bank of Baroda's media conference for our 
financial results for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2026. Thank you all for joining us. We have 
with us today our MD and CEO Dr. Debadatta Chand and he is joined by the Bank's executive directors 
and our CFO. After brief introduction, we will start with a short presentation followed by opening 
remarks by Dr. Chand and then we will have the Q&A session. Chand Sir, over to you.  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, thanks Phiroza. Good evening to all my media friends. Let me introduce the 
management team. I'm D. Chand, MD and CEO of Bank of Baroda. Along with me, Mr. Lalit Tyagi is the 
executive director who looks after the corporate credit, international and treasury business of the 
Bank. Then we have, Mr. Sanjay Mudaliar, he's the executive director who looks after the IT, the retail 
asset and many of the similar functions, platform functions as far as he is concerned. We have Mr. Lal 
Singh, he's the executive director who looks after the SAMV, the stress asset vertical along with the 
HR function and couple of other like MSME and other verticals therein. And we have Madam Beena 
Vaheed, she looks after the control, compliance, the operations of the entire Bank and the retail 
liability more importantly for the Bank. And we have the CFO Mr. I V L Sridhar who is joining also for 
last couple of quarters. With this over to you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you sir. We will now have the PPT, a short presentation on the results which CFO 
Sir will take us through.  
 
Mr. I V L Sridhar: Good evening everyone. It's my privilege to present before you the financial 
highlights of Bank of Baroda for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March 2026. As at the end 
of FY 2026, the Bank's global business volume has crossed the milestone of Rs. 30 lakh crores and 
stands at Rs. 30.78 lakh crores, registering the YoY growth of 13.9 %. Our global advances have grown 
by 16.2 % YoY with the domestic advances growing at 14.5 % and international at 24.4 %. Within the 
advances book, the Bank has continued to focus on RAM advances. Our organic retail book grew by 
17.9 %, agriculture 20.7 % and organic MSME at 15.6 %. Corporate loans have grown by 11.2 % YoY. 
Within the retail segment, we have seen smart growth across the portfolio with auto loan at 20.6 %, 
mortgage loans at 19.3 %, home loan at 14.6 %, educational loan at 10.9 % and personal loans at 8.7% 
YoY.  
In terms of deposit growth, our total deposits have grown by 12 % with international deposits growing 
by 7.5 % and domestic deposits by 12.8 %. The domestic CASA deposits have grown by 9.8 % and term 
deposits have registered a growth of 14.8 % YoY. As of 31st March 2026, the Bank's domestic credit 
deposit ratio stands at 83.46 %. The CASA ratio stands at 38.9 %, up by 45 bps QoQ.  
With regard to our profitability, our operating profit for the quarter stands at Rs.9,069 crores, 
registering a growth of 11.5 % YoY. The Bank has adopted new mortality tables for arriving at AS-15 
retirement liability, which led to an increase in the employee cost by Rs. 520 crores. Our net profit for 
Q4 2026 stands at Rs. 5,616 crores, registering a growth of 11.2 % YoY, which is the highest ever 
quarterly net profit posted by the Bank. Return on assets remains consistently above 1 % at 1.15 % in 
Q4 2026. Return on equity stands at 17.27 % for the quarter.  
Here are the yearly numbers, for the full financial year FY 2026, our operating profit stands at Rs. 
32,259 crores. Our net profit for FY 2026 stands at Rs. 20,021 crores, which is the highest ever net 

 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
profit posted by the Bank. Return on assets remains above 1 % at 1.06% in FY 2026. Return on equity 
stands at 15.39 % for FY 2026. 
With regard to our key ratios, our yield on advances stands at 7.44% for the quarter and 7.71% for the 
whole year. Bank's cost of deposits for the quarter stands at 4.78 %. It stands at 4.87 % for FY 2026 as 
against 5.10 % for FY 2025. With regard to our net interest margin, it stands at 2.89 % for the quarter, 
registering a sequential improvement of 10 bps. It stands at 2.89 % for the whole year, FY 2026.  
Now we come to our asset quality, which continues to remain robust. Our GNPA ratio has improved 
by 37 bps YoY and stands at 1.89 %. Now Net NPA ratio is below 1 % at 0.45 %, an improvement of 13 
bps YoY. Our provision coverage ratio including TWO is comfortable at 93.94 %. Our slippage ratio for 
Q4 2026 has reduced by 11 bps YoY and stands at 0.89 %. Slippage ratio for FY 2026 also reduced by 
6 bps YoY to 0.72 %. Credit cost for Q4 FY 2026 has increased to 0.76 % as against 0.44 % in Q4 2025. 
This is mainly due to the, prudential provisioning, floating provisioning of Rs. 1,500 crores made by 
the Bank during the quarter. Credit cost excluding the floating provision would have been 0.32 % for 
the quarter. Credit cost for the full financial year stands at 0.46 %. Credit cost excluding the floating 
provisions would have been 0.34 % for the full year.  
Coming to our SMA and collection efficiency, our CRILC SMA 1 and 2 as a %age of standard advances 
reduced to 0.18 % as of March 26 as against 0.33 % as of March 25. Our collection efficiency excluding 
agriculture remains robust at 98.9 %. 
In terms of our capital adequacy, our capital position continues to be strong with CET 1 at 13.16 %, 
Tier 1 at 13.64 % and CRAR at 15.82 %. Our quarterly average LCR remains healthy at approximately 
127 %. Bank has declared a dividend of Rs. 8.5 per share, subject to requisite approvals.  
Thank you.  
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Okay. To all my media friends, once again, thank you for joining today. I know 
we have a very busy day today and a small window,  as three banks are announcing their results today. 
So once again, thank you all of you for joining. And let me again give some of the qualitative comments 
on the numbers that we have declared. 
This, as you would have seen that, this is one of the strongest, I mean, both on the advances and 
deposit growth in last 10 quarters we had. And the advance growth is almost 16.2 %, which is one of 
the highest we had in last many quarters. The good part is that the deposit growth for this quarter and 
the full year has been almost at 12 %. So that gives a huge comfort in terms of earlier quarters where 
it seems slightly deposit not catching up to the growth in advances. But because the deposit growth 
in the March quarter is something very good in terms of money, which was slightly going out has come 
back to the banking system.  
Secondly, 2-3 milestones that we achieved in this quarter of this year, one is that we crossed as the 
CFO said, we crossed Rs. 30 lakh crores of business and we clocked Rs. 30.78 lakhs crores of business 
as on March 31st, 2026, which gives a growth of 13.9 % on the business. 
Similarly, our quarterly profit of Rs. 5,616 crores is one of the highest, the peak rather, the maximum 
quarterly profit we had in last many years. Similarly, on the total profit also, we crossed Rs. 20,000 
crores of net profit. So, you would have seen that Rs. 20,000 crores is a significant in terms of scale 
and maybe very few banks in this club. Similarly on the deposit side, as I said, the CASA is one of the, 
I mean, the CASA growth would have seen at 9.8 % with saving at 9.1 %. This also gives a huge comfort 

 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
in terms of, I mean, this segment of the deposit growing better as compared to the earlier quarters. 
Our domestic advance growth is 14. % and the retail as you would have seen that the growth is 17.9% 
with retail, with this particular growth we crossed a milestone of Rs. 3 lakhs crores of business. So, our 
retail book is now in excess of Rs. 3 lakhs crores and our, I mean, the business model continued to be 
RAM focused. So, RAM growth has been good and the RAM percentage has gone to 61 %.  
On the profitability, as you would have seen that this is the first time in many quarters the growth in 
interest income has been higher than the interest expenses. And that's why, there is a positive impact 
on NII and the NII growth has been 8.7 %. And consequently, all profit numbers looks in terms of 
percentage, the operating profit growth is 11.5 %. Net profit growth has been 11.2 %. And this is 
something is noticeable in terms of this quarter, we are able to contain the expenses side on the 
interest expenses and able to grow faster on the income side. A couple of things which while 
articulating CFO would have said that, in terms of the employee cost that you would have seen, I 
mean, because of the hardening of yield there is a provision, I mean, there is a release of provision, at 
the same time, the Bank decided to adopt a new mortality table where we have paid additional liability 
of Rs. 520 crores. So, this is in line with the market in terms of the employee cost wherein, because of 
the hardening yield so, the obligation has gone down. At the same time, we have migrated to the new 
mortality table where there is additional liability of Rs. 520 crores. So, the net to net, there is a release 
of Rs. 217 crores on that. 
Further one point also significant, you would have seen on the provision head, the increase in 
provision is precisely because of the floating provision we have made. So, the Rs. 1,500 crores of 
floating provision that we have made, and this is typically a significant IT refunds we got it this year. 
And we thought it prudent to utilize this entire refund in creating a floating provision because that 
gives a huge strength to the balance sheet. So, in terms of customer income, we have improved, the 
NIM has improved vis-a-vis the last quarter from 2.79% to 2.89% with the domestic NIM at 3.04%. The 
operating profit is now Rs. 7,000 crores, in excess of Rs. 7,000 crores for last 14 quarters. The net 
profit, more than Rs. 4,000 crores for last 13 consecutive quarters. Similarly, I mean, the ROA we are 
posting more than 1% for last 15 consecutive quarters. So, these are all talking about a consistent 
business model as we keep on highlighting this aspect. And while trying to design a consistent business 
model, we are also mindful of strengthening the fundamental core. So that is one of the business 
model that we have.  
On the asset quality, we have one of the best asset quality that we have seen with the GNPA at 1.89%. 
And because of the floating provision, there are two positives that we have seen the PCR is improved. 
At the same time, the Net NPA has gone below 0.5%, it is at 0.45%. So, the credit cost this quarter has 
been slightly elevated at 0.76%, precisely because of the floating provision, whereas full year basis, it 
is at 0.46%, which is 1 bps lower than the last year. So, in terms of asset quality, the CRILC data that 
has been presented, CRILC SMA 1 and 2 as percentage of standard advances is 0.18%, which improved 
from last quarter. So, the asset quality of the Bank is having one of the good quarter, thanks to the 
economic scenario, although there are geopolitical headwinds, but then the asset quality remains very 
good. 
At the same time, a couple of initiatives that we had already announced. On the ESG front, we raised 
almost Rs. 10,000 crores of the green infrastructure bond sometime, a couple of months back. And 
that is one of the first in India in terms of raising green infrastructure bond, we got a very good 
response on that. At the same time, we announced that we have made one of the subsidiary operating 
from 1st April, that is we created a primary dealer business in terms of creating a BOB's Securities and 
Giltedge Limited. There is also announcement that we did yesterday in terms of our intention to float 

 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
a pension fund that we have announced. So, with this, I think we had a very strong quarter both on 
the balance sheet side and also on the profit and loss side.  
Let me reiterate a couple of guidance that normally we give it to the market. The loan growth earlier 
we had given a guidance of 11 to 13 %, now we are upsizing that to 12 to 14 %. Again, I repeat from 
11 to 13 %, we are improving it to 12 to 14 %. Deposit growth guidance for the last year was 9 to 11 
%, that we are improving to 10 to 12 %. The NIM guidance, although we posted a NIM of 2.89%, but 
there would be going forward different market scenarios. So, the NIM guidance has been 2.75 to 
2.95% for the full year. Again, I repeat for the full year. ROA, as we always say, the ROA is going to be 
more than 1%, but the slippage ratio we continue to maintain at 1 to 1.25% considering the 
geopolitical issue that we are going to have, which is prevailing at this point of time. The credit cost 
for the full year is going to be less than 0.60%. This year it is 0.46%, but our guidance for the full year 
is less than 0.60%. With this, I close my remarks and open for question and answer. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. If you have a question, please raise your hand and I will come to you. 
Alternatively, you may also type your question in the Q&A box. The first question is from Mayur Shetty 
of the Times of India. Mayur?  
 
Mr. Mayur Shetty: Thank you, sir. Are you able to hear me?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: I am able to hear you. 
 
Mr. Mayur Shetty: Yeah, thank you. So, your cost of deposits has gone up marginally from the third 
quarter and also the yield on advances has also dipped slightly. So, how do you explain the increase in 
the, improvement in the net interest margin?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: See, there are two factors here. Cost of deposit of growth is marginal. The yield 
on advances, because there are different basis here. Actually, the cost of deposit has a larger basis 
compared to the yield on advances. So, consequently, when you translate into a NIM, then it works 
out different. So, if you look at the growth, it is 2.89% versus 2.79%. But while articulating this stance, 
again, we say for the full year, it is 2.75 to 2.95%. So, a lot of repricing happening both on the asset 
liability and that again depends upon the market scenario. What we have seen in the March quarter 
also a bit of tightness in the liquidities that may prevail this quarter also. So, slightly that is why we are 
putting a NIM guidance of 2.75% to 2.95%. Saying so, there is also element of the IT refund which also 
contributed to some extent. So, overall, there is a positive improvement as far as the NIM is 
concerned.  
 
Mr. Mayur Shetty: And you said, you expect the repricing on both sides. So, deposits, is there scope 
for further reduction in the cost of funds?  
 

 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: See, I mean, your deposit profile has to match the market condition and the 
market condition at this level seems to be quite sticky with regard to the deposit pricing. So, in that 
scenario, the only thing that I am expecting for this quarter is slightly resetting on the advances subject 
to the market condition. So, all would depend upon the available liquidity in the scenario. If the 
liquidity continues to be easy, the cost of deposit can go down. If the liquidity remains tight the way 
it is, then possibly it will be sticky at this point of time.  
 
Mr. Mayur Shetty: And the provisions that you made, can it be used for ECL, the Rs. 1500 crores?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Look, I mean, we are buffering the balance sheet strength. ECL provision is a 
different provision than the floating provision. Floating provision is a, it is buffer the balance sheet 
strength. So, these are not directly linked, but then whatever ECL provision requirement, the balance 
sheet, look, the profitability that we have declared for this year is Rs. 20,021 crores, that is significant. 
So, in that way, I mean, with the current levels is quite capable of handling any impact for the ECL. But 
floating provision is just to buffer the balance sheet in terms of the balance sheet strength.  
 
Mr. Mayur Shetty: So, how much additional provision do you plan to make towards ECL this current 
financial year?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Look, I mean, as far as ECL, the final guidelines have been issued, we are 
computing the entire impact. So, earlier when we had provision, there was more of a guesstimate of 
what is likely to happen based on some thumb rule calculation. So, since there is a guidelines that has 
been issued and it impacts at transaction level, we are computing that. So, as on today, I do not have 
a number with regard to the ECL impact. But whatever guidance we had given, I think it will be well 
below that.  
 
Mr. Mayur Shetty: And one last question on ECLGS, what is the amount that you identified that can 
be dispersed?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: I think based on, because our MSME book is almost Rs. 1,60,000 crores and 55-
60% is a working capital. Based on the 20% of that, we are expecting Rs. 12,000 plus crores is the 
impact which you can disperse because of the ECLGS scheme. 
 
Mr. Mayur Shetty: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thanks, Mayur. Next question is from Ashish Agashe of PTI. 
 
Mr. Ashish Agashe: Thank you so much, Phiroza. Hope I am audible.  
 

 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: You are audible, Ashish. Please go ahead.  
 
Mr. Ashish Agashe: Thank you so much for that explanation on the ECL and the requirements around 
it. So, what do I say? What is this Rs. 1,500 crores floating provision for us? Like, what is it in 
anticipation of? Is it the difficulties on the West Asia front or how is it, Sir?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: See, it is a balance sheet strength we create and it is like a floating provision. 
You cannot use it unless and until you have the regulatory approval. So, we cannot create floating 
provision for any particular purpose. But anything extraordinary, definitely the floating provision 
would come as a buffer there.  
There are two things that were mindful while creating this floating provision. What is the PCR? 
Actually, we wanted to improve the PCR level. At the same time, the net NPA also something that we 
normally compare our net NPA vis-a-vis the market. So, keeping these two factors, we have created 
this floating provision of Rs. 1,500 crores. And precisely, this is what the income tax refund money 
that has given that Rs. 1,500 crores. So, had you not taken as a floating provision or some provision, it 
would have, I mean, the impact would be on the profit side, positive. So, we wanted to create the 
buffer. I mean, it can be headwinds because of any scenario going forward. But floating provision 
cannot be used without the regulatory approval and that can only be used on extraordinary scenarios. 
So, we are mindful of all this, but the creation of floating provision more to buffer of the balance sheet 
in terms of any likely impact going forward.  
 
Mr. Ashish Agashe: Okay, sir. Broadly, sir, what can be the, what is the impact of the Middle East 
conflict on the Bank, say, over the last two months? Numbers on your collection efficiencies as well, 
how are they really holding up? And beyond numbers as well, what do you see coming up ahead and 
what are you protecting against?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: See, there are two, three things important here. The collection efficiency rather 
has improved vis-a-vis the December quarter. So, that is something. Asset quality has been good. The 
CRILC data has been positive. It has improved significantly. It has improved. So, immediate impact on 
the book is not there that you can see from the numbers. What is going forward to aspect that you 
say, because now on the ECLGS, the announcement is precisely to take care of the geopolitical impact 
on the customer side, particularly on the MSME side. At the same time, we have significant global 
books. So, the impact on the global books, we don't know as of today. It can be something we need 
to map it out. As of today, we don't see anything on the global book also because of the geopolitical 
impact in global book. We have a large operation in a couple of impacted territory that we are looking 
at this geopolitical tension. So, considering all this, I mean, any impact, the Bank's book is quite 
resilient in terms of taking care of this impact. But as of today, I don't see in terms of number any 
impact. But we are mindful of any impact that may come because of geopolitical issue directly on the 
domestic book and also on the international book.  
 
Mr. Ashish Agashe: Okay, sir. One small question finally, if I can. What is making you, up with the 
guidance on loan growth, sir? Especially in this situation where there is a lot of talk on gloomy 

 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
headlines. So, what is really leading BOB to up the guidance? Were you really conservative to start up, 
sir?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: No, actually, look, we are given a guidance of 11-13 % and we achieved 16.2%. 
That is significant, right? So, in terms of how do you outperform or how do better of your guidance. 
So, and it's a full year guidance. The first thing on the geopolitical, our assessment is that, it may not 
continue for a longer time. In that scenario, possibly the growth is going to come back. 
Secondly, as of today, if you look at my YoY growth, post 31st also, it looks very healthy. Like, we 
compute the data on a daily basis and the YoY growth both on the balance sheet, both on asset and 
liability continue to be healthy like we had in March. Similarly, this is a scenario where upsizing by 1% 
only, but it's a full year guidance. We'll be watching out our ability to grow because the deposit growth 
has come back to the system. I think that's something also gives a bit of optimistic in terms of a higher 
growth in advances. So, considering all these factors, we're still optimistically looking at upsizing the 
guidance by 1%. And current year, we have done it in terms of achieving a higher percentage growth, 
16.2% growth. But going forward, I think still we'll be in the band of, I mean, whatever that 14%, upper 
side that we have set.  
 
Mr. Ashish Agashe: Thank you, sir. 
 
Moderator: Thanks, Ashish. The next question is, there are two more questions on West Asia. This is 
from Piyush Shukla of NDTV. What is the impact on the Bank's foreign loan portfolio and remittances 
on West Asia conflict and any offshore subsidiary that will be impacted from the West Asia conflict?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: See, Piyush, as of today, in terms of numbers, post 31st, I mean, the impact has 
not come. I mean, if you look at, like, we have announced the ECLGS scheme now. Similarly, other 
countries do have their own scheme in terms of supporting their industry during this crisis time. So, if 
everything works out well, possibly the impact is going to be minimal in that way and may not disturb 
any of the numbers that we're referring or talking today. But if there is a sustained issue continuing, 
there may be impact. We have, I mean, a couple of territories or a couple of countries impacted by 
the geopolitical, we do have large presence over there. So, we're mapping out, watching them 
carefully so that we can factor in any impact, impact in the books as we proceed forward. So, beyond 
that, I would say on the number, it doesn't seem anything that we need to be concerned at this stage. 
Things are, as usual, in overseas also. But then we never know if the war continues for a longer time 
there are sustained impact, the oil continues to be at a higher rate, possibly there will be impact but 
then we have to map it out at a future date. Mr. Tyagi there is anything you want to add on the 
overseas side. 
 
Mr. Lalit Tyagi: Yeah. So, thank you very much sir. So, in fact, I can add that, you know, in the 
international book, it's a very diversified book where our US operations contribute roughly around 37-
38%. And other than UAE, we have presence in Australia, UK, Singapore and through Gift City. And 
largely the corporate book in the international market have behaved well up till now and we do not 
see any impact on that book as of today. As MD said that in case war prolongs, then probably we need 

 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
to watch what impact, the corporate book can have. But largely we feel that since because of 
diversification and also the robust asset quality, which Bank has on boarded, we feel that we do not 
have any impact as of now. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Next question is from Pushpita Dey of the New Indian Express. 
 
Ms. Pushpita Dey: Hello, am I audible, sir?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: You are audible. 
 
Moderator: Yes, Pushpita. 
 
Ms. Pushpita Dey: Sir, I have two questions. So, if you could just please give me the data, like how 
much has the Bank transferred to, bad loans been transferred to NARCL this time? And also, anything 
put on NCLT or it's only NARCL now? So, the number and the preference of NARCL over NCLT. And 
also, you spoke about the West Asia crisis, but there were reports that the government has instructed 
the banks to take measures if needed, especially in terms of the operation and the employees staying 
over there. So, if you could give us some idea of what has been the measures on the end of the Bank 
for the overseas employees? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, on the NARCL, we don't have a very large book, Pushpita, actually, I mean, 
on the transfer, NARCL would be a couple of thousand crores even today. Last year also there was 
some amount, but I mean, we can give the data at a later date possibly. NCLT, the book is the same, 
like we have almost 99 % provided on the NCLT book. It's ongoing in terms of the resolution that's 
happened through NCLT.  
Particularly West Asia crisis and particularly our official who are there operating there. Again, let me 
tell that we are in a couple of territories or a couple of countries we have the retail operation. The 
retail operation, you need to continue your operation in those countries and that has been one of the 
key themes in terms of retail operation. But we have provided all support to employees and their 
families in case they want to travel to and fro in terms of what they can travel at any point of time. 
We have made other arrangements in line with other banks, the West Bank, what they are doing on 
the employee hygiene and comfort over there. So as of today, I think we have taken care of all 
employees, eventuality also. In a contingency we have designed contingency planning for them in case 
of a escalated level of engagement, if there is a safety issue, then we have engaged everything for 
that. So, I think we are taking care of and it's in our mind in terms of like areas where impacted area 
and we are having retail operation, wholesale operation, very well we operate outside that country 
and run the operation. Wherever we have retail operation and those countries are impacted, we are 
taking care of the staff hygiene carefully so that the operation is sustained, at the same time we take 
care of the interest of the staff also. 
 

 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Ms. Pushpita Dey: Also, just one follow up question regarding that NARCL part. So, are the bad loans 
being transferred only to NARCL or have you considered any other ARCs too this time or just the 
NARCL? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: We do, we transfer to other ARCs also including NARCL. So, Lal Singh saab, 
anything on the amount you have for this year, NARCL transfer? 
 
Mr. Lal Singh: Yeah, thank you, sir. This year to NARCL we have transferred three accounts amounting 
to Rs. 300 crores. 
 
Ms. Pushpita Dey: Okay, and to other ARCs? 
 
Mr. Lal Singh: Other ARCs also we have sold these accounts on 100% case basis, 4-5 accounts we have 
resolved. 
 
Ms. Pushpita Dey: Okay, so majority of them has been to NARCL, if I understand it correctly. 
 
Mr. Lal Singh: Yeah, yeah. 
 
Ms. Pushpita Dey: Okay, thank you. Thank you so much sir. 
 
Moderator: Thanks, Pushpita. Next question is from Christina of Financial Express. 
 
Ms. Christina: Hi, good afternoon. Am I audible, sir? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: You are audible. Please go ahead. 
 
Ms. Christina: So, I just wanted to ask on NPA in agriculture, it has been increasing quarter on quarter 
even fresh slippages have gone up. So, with the prediction of weak monsoon, how do you see this 
going ahead? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Yeah, I mean, this is a normalized slippage that we see on agriculture every 
time. So, I mean, there's not something elevated at this stage, but always there will be fresh slippage 
and also will be recovery on the other side. So, what is the balancing number that we look at? I mean, 
one is that fresh slippage and how much we recover. So normally we try to balance out both the things 
so that we contain the GNPA. So, if you look at agriculture sector as a whole, there are a lot of schemes 
we have, which is a we call it NDA, NDA schemes where we recover money also. There are other 

 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
measures, Lok Adalat, multiple measures to recover money. So, in terms of overall GNPA, agriculture 
has not improved. It has gone down. In terms of absolute amount, there is a marginal uptick. But then 
I think there is equal amount of recovery to compensate for the marginal uptick. 
 
Ms. Christina: I got it. So, with the prediction of weak monsoon, do you expect, how do you expect 
the impact on the portfolio? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Weak monsoon, I don't think that's going to impact because the Indian 
agriculture sector has been aligned with the seasonality since decades and decades. Right. So, the 
farmers know how to best manage and the banks know how to best manage the portfolio. I don't 
think there is a challenge at this point of only because there is a forecast of weak monsoon. 
 
Ms. Christina: Yeah. And one more question, sir. So, the business, the number of transactions through 
business correspondents is coming down Q-o-Q. So, could you please throw some light here? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: No, we are running one of the largest business correspondent network therein, 
but then at the same time, at the ground level, we enable a lot of digital application ourselves also. So 
now, like BOB e-Pay can be something which is a UPI app, I mean, the Bank of Baroda is having. So, a 
lot of, I mean, financial inclusion schemes there, you know, the Bank's own application is also quite 
strong. So, BCs are not only engaged for operational transactions, they are now engaged for multiple 
other transactions other than the operational transaction. So, in terms of productivity, I think the 
payout to the BCs have been increasing because we are getting a productive outcome for each of the 
BCs that we have engaged. We run one of the largest BC networks in the same way. So, in that way, I 
mean, this is not at all in terms of transaction because my digital transaction is growing. There would 
have been one slide that talks about what is the percentage of growth in the digital transactions. So 
as long as the digital transaction is growing, I think this is not a point we should be concerned with 
regard to the BC point transactions going down because BCs are engaged now for multiple other 
activity other than just handling the operational transactions. 
 
Ms. Christina: Got it, sir. And just one more question, what is your fundraising plan for FY27? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: I think we have announced today that say Rs. 6000 crores of AT-1 and tier 2 we 
are going to raise this year. Saying so, already I just remind you; we have enabling provision of raising 
almost Rs. 8500 crores of equity capital over a period of 2-3 years. That is still FY28. So, both the things 
remain for this year that the enabling provision of Rs. 8500 crores of which we had announced to the 
market earlier and this time for a yearly, I mean, fundraising target, we have announced that we are 
going to raise Rs. 6000 crores in the form of AT-1 or Tier 2 in this financial year. 
 
Ms. Christina: Overseas borrowing, sir, any overseas borrowing you plan to? 
 

 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: All would depend upon, yes, we do have plan to overseas, but that all would 
depend upon the market condition and the rate at which I can raise these resources. So ultimately, 
what's important to me is the spread that I get. So, we do have plan, last year also we had plan, but 
then somehow, I mean, the market still continued to be tight and we didn't get the right pricing for 
us. So, it's always on the table, but all would depend upon the market condition and the rate at which 
I can raise the resources. And we do run a significant international book, so there will be requirement 
of funds going forward. So always, overseas is always, bilaterally we raise always good amount of 
money from a single bank or multiple banks that keep on coming on media also. But as far as a 
medium-term note, suppose you should say, it is always on table, but then timing would be decided 
maybe at a later stage. 
 
Ms. Christina: Okay, sir. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thanks, Christina. The next question is from Shrishti Sharma of ET BFSI. 
 
Ms. Shrishti Sharma: Thank you, Phiroza. Good afternoon, sir. First question to you on CASA. CASA, 
year on year has gone down. I need to understand how would you be going about your low-cost 
deposit mobilization? And that bulk deposits form 25 % of your whole deposit portfolio, did you also 
go about any shedding of bulk deposits in the previous fiscal? How does the whole CASA dynamics 
look like for you? This is my first question, sir. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Shrishti, I'll be happy to know that at 38.9%, we have one of the top quartile 
CASA percentage in the system, right? And if you look at March over December, the CASA percentage 
improved by 45 bps right. On a year to year, the dip is 107 bps but if you see the market trend, this is 
still maybe one of the lowest that I believe on the market cut in the CASA. At 38.9 %, I think it's still 
very healthy as far as the Bank is concerned on the CASA. Saying on the bulk deposit, yes, the last 3 
years we had a stance of reducing dependency on the bulk deposit. I think at one point of time, bulk 
deposit as a percentage of total deposit, which was in excess of 20 % rather, was 23-24% has gone 
down to 17%. It is slightly increased to 19 point some percentage for March. The reason being that, I 
mean, when there is a deposit growth, I mean, the credit advances growth has been faster than the 
deposit, then you have to raise resources in some means. So, it's more of a liquidity management in 
terms of raising slightly extra bulk deposit and growth, the retail term deposit growth is almost 15 %, 
14.8 %. The bulk is 24 %. So slightly extra growth is precisely to manage the overall market and also 
the loan growth and the same time managing liquidity. But yes, on a dependency scale, we are very, I 
mean, mindful of not relying too much on the bulk deposit, both from the volatility perspective and 
also on the cost perspective. So as a Bank, we still continue to have a stance of less dependency, but 
sometimes you may require to do based on the balance sheet requirement. 
 
Ms. Shrishti Sharma: Sir, any ideal percentage that you look for bulk deposit to have in your, this 
deposits going forward? It's 25, where do you, what is the ideal percentage as per you, where would 
you want to take it? 
 

 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: There is no ideal percentage, the only stance is to reduce dependency. So, in 
that way, I will continue to reduce dependency. So currently also it is below 20%. Think on this in case 
we cross 20%. So as of today, I'm comfortable within my own target range of operating within 20%. 
Right. So, I'm taking this as a percentage of total deposit, you have to recompute the data in that way. 
That's the target that we aim to achieve. 
 
Ms. Shrishti Sharma: Noted. Sir, second question, any new businesses that you've planned on entering 
this fiscal? We've heard a lot of public sector banks trying to foray into wealth management. Are there 
any plans on your cards as of now for foraying into new businesses? Any new businesses on the cards 
as of now? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: We have done that, ma'am. Wealth, we have a significant scale for last many 
years. Wealth, we do significant business in the wealth side. In terms of getting into new businesses, 
we already announced on 1st April, we made it operational where we floated a company that is a PD 
company, primary dealer company, which also between the DCM business. So, we want on the debt 
side to capture the businesses over there. And yesterday we announced that we got approval for, I 
mean that appointment for being a sponsor on the pension fund side. 
So, we have been, we have a nentity called BOBCAP that focus on the equity. Now, the BOB Securities 
and Giltedge Limited would be doing the PD business along with the DCM. And third is that we want 
to, again, scale up our business on the pension side. Last year, we had formalized a company called 
Baroda Sun Technology. That's a purely a tech company meant for Bank of Baroda for investing into 
emerging technology. So, I think with this, we cover the span of, I mean, the businesses that we want 
to have, particularly on the financial space. Both insurance and mutual fund, already we have existing 
companies that are operating strongly on those space. We have a card business outside the Bank and 
the card business expected to grow well, do well. So, I think with this, my current plan of getting into 
other businesses outside the standalone Bank, I think we're done with that. 
Anything further we announce at that point of time. But currently we need to, whatever two 
companies that we have, I mean, one company already made operationalized, another company going 
to be. I think we need to stabilize them, strengthen them before we think of anything else. 
 
Ms. Shrishti Sharma: Sure sir, last question on, if you've laid out the hiring plans for FY27, how many, 
how much of workforce addition would you be doing this year and what are the areas you'll be 
focussing on? Thank you. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Last year, we planned to hire almost 7,000 employees, consisting of clerical 
officer, all staff, including a specialist officer. And 4,000 have joined with the Bank, right. So, this year 
also the hiring plan continue to be the similarly 6 to 7,000 employees. But sometimes whatever your 
hiring plan, people don't join once you offer. Some of them do not join. So, in that way, I think we'll 
be adding something around 4 to 5,000 headcounts in this year. I mean, 2026-27, I meant to say. 
 
Ms. Shrishti Sharma: Thank you, sir. 
 

 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Shrishti. Next question is from Atmadip Ray of Economic Times. 
 
Mr. Atmadip Ray: Good evening. I have 3 small queries. One is, what is your capital raising plan in 
FY27? And number one, number two, what is the size of your SLR book in terms of numbers? I mean, 
in terms of share, percentage wise? And third question is, in March, there have been some issue in 
case of your home loan. Some borrowers have complained about inflated EMIs, perhaps because of 
some technical errors. So how do you plan to address those issues in the future? And what are the 
status as of now? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Okay, so on the capital raising, as I announced in the form of AT-1 and Tier 2, 
we'll be raising around Rs. 6,000 crores. That's the plan for this year. So, as I said, on the equity side, 
there was enabling, what you can say, we announced to the market earlier, the Bank would be raising 
Rs. 8,500 crores of CET-1 over a period of medium term that goes up to FY28. So that's the capital 
plan. Intervening other than the capital also, we keep raising resources like we raised the green 
infrastructure bond. We raised multiple such option to raise the bond market also as far as the long-
term funds of the banks are concerned. So that's the plan as of today. But then any such thing will 
announce to the market at that point of time. But capital, as I announced, it is already announced to 
the market. 
 
The size of the SLR is currently around, it goes on 22.5 to 23%. So, we roughly run a buffer of up to 
4.5% - 5% on the SLR. That's there as far as the size of the SLR. 
 
We talked about a couple of interest rate, some of the application of interest rate. Some of the Bank 
has a very robust system in terms of application of interest, both on the system and otherwise the 
auditing system. If any error somewhere occurs, then the Bank immediately acts and rectify that. So, 
I don't have anything, because the Bank system is a very, very robust in terms of applying rates. Some 
of the times, like the resetting becomes an issue in terms of, suppose you don't know the resetting 
date, then there is a miss over there and there is a confusion in the mind of the customer. But we 
don't have any such issue as of today in terms of any application which is not applied properly. 
 
Mr. Atmadip Ray: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Atmadip. Last couple of questions, Falaknaaz of Deccan Chronicle had a 
question. 
 
Ms. Falaknaaz: Yes, sir. Hi. I wanted to understand, you know, of the total loan portfolio that you have, 
how much of it is MCLR linked, repo rate linked? How much of it is fixed and how much it is MCLR? 
And when you're saying that there will be a repricing on the advances side. So that means that you 
will raise the spread on those repo rate linked loans or will it be, will it go up on MCLR loans also? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Okay, so let me give the composition of the book in terms of different 
benchmark rate. MCLR linked is 36% on the BRLLR, which is repo linked is 35% and the remaining 

 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
external linked, whether it is a T-Bill, G-Sec or fixed are remaining the balance of percentage. So that 
talks about the composition.  
 
In terms of repricing, resetting there is a spread, what you can say, like for every MCLR, it has to be 
reviewed, renewed once in a year. So, the resetting or any spread realignment happens at that point 
of time. In terms of the repo linked, there is a guideline which follows in terms of when you can reset 
those spread. If there is no change in the BRLLR also, these rates can go up and down depending upon 
the resetting that happens after certain years. So, we follow those principles that is in terms of the 
regulatory guidelines.  
 
So, the way we look into, because we have a large book, so the resetting, it happens continuously over 
a period of time for different asset class. And different asset at different point of time. So, when the 
overall market scenario, again, would depend upon the cost structure you carry on the liability. So 
given a scenario, the cost structure is getting changed or the cost structure is going upward, then 
possibly you have to reset those rates. So that's in terms of the regulatory guidelines. And we will keep 
reviewing that at every point of time. 
 
Ms. Falaknaaz: So as of now, you are meaning as of late, you are not looking at raising the rates on 
the advances side? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: No, not that actually, what I said that at the time of the resetting or the renewal 
that we do at that time, we review both on the spread and once…. 
 
Ms. Falaknaaz: Yes, but the chances are that the rates will go up, loan rates, because you have to 
protect your NIMs. And on the deposit side, you can't raise rates. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: No, deposit, as I said, you said, right, at this point of time, I mean, we just look 
at the market scenario, market can change because the rate market is largely dependent on the 
liquidity prevailing in the market, right. If the liquidity gets the tightening of rate, obviously on the 
advances also have to reset the rate. If the liquidity, ample liquidity, the rates, the cost structure goes 
down and you have to pass on those benefits. So, it's a dynamic scenario in terms of how do you price 
your asset and liability on an ongoing basis. But again, I'll just beyond the rate stance, I can say to a 
large extent the pricing again depends on the available liquidity in the system. 
 
Ms. Falaknaaz: Okay. And one more thing is on the technology side, what was the spend last year and 
will they go up, you know, given those cyber threats that have gone up? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Yeah, our spends, normally we do both the Opex and Capex, almost 10 % of the 
operating profit. You know, our operating profit, right, for full year, so that's a normal target. But then 
I think, going by the tendency in the market in terms of the need for investment, considering the cyber 
threat, a couple of things that we talked about earlier with regard to the AI threat, I think we need to 
upsize that. But head wise, Mr. Mudaliar, anything from your side on this? 
 

 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Mr. Sanjay Vinayak Mudaliar: So, thank you, sir. Sir, we had around Rs. 4,500 crores as the spend, 
both Opex and Capex put together in technology, and we are currently meeting all these 
requirements. But in case if there is any such eventuality comes, we do have provisions available by 
which we will be spending extra. But as of now, we are well covered by all means. That's all from my 
side. 
 
Ms. Falaknaaz: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: The last couple of questions, any stress observed in the, and this is from Aaryan of 
Informist, any stress observed in the MSME sector in April as the war has prolonged? Second question, 
when do you plan to raise the AT-1 or Tier 2 bonds through the year? And can you shed some light on 
timelines for setting up the pension fund subsidiary? And when will the standalone PD become 
operational? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Okay, so stress on MSME, look, that is what actually in terms of percentage, 
both in the stress book, which is a SMA 1 and 2 book, or including your SMA 0 book, as on today's 
contained, it's better than the last quarter. So that gives a huge comfort that the resilience of our 
MSME sector vis-a-vis the geopolitical issue. Earlier also, whenever all these entities wanted some 
support within the Bank guidelines, we have extended all those support in terms of elongating their 
due date, a couple of other support. Now the government has come out with the ECLGS now. It's going 
to give a huge boost to their current resilience and going to, I mean, help them to grow faster also. So 
MSME in terms of numbers, March over December, we have not seen any stress. The numbers are 
better as compared to March over December.  
 
AT-1 and Tier 2, as I said, Rs. 6,000 crores , there is no timelines. But this is throughout the year, any 
time, because what is important for us is price point. So, in case we find the market cools in terms of 
rate of interest, then possibly we can hit the market. But all would be depending on the timelines and 
the target time is throughout the year.  
 
On the timelines for pension fund, the pension fund only we have got the appointment letter. Many 
of the regulatory approval we are yet to take, but my normal sense would be something between 6 to 
9 months can be timelines on an anticipated level. But all would depend upon the approval that we 
need to have multiple fronts now, once we have the PFRDA permission.  And the last one you talked 
about. And just missed it out, can you just repeat that? 
 
Moderator: On the pension fund subsidiary, can you shed some light on timelines for setting up the 
pension fund subsidiary and when will the standalone PD become operational? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, as I said, on the pension fund 6 to 9 months, whereas the standalone PD, 
the PD is already operational from 1st April 2026. So, it's for them time to now scale it up from this 
initial start. We are quite hopeful of scaling up. We have committed a capital of Rs. 2,000 crores for 
this, the PD business. And currently they have only availed Rs. 500 crores. There is a significant scope 
to upsize their business model, but they have just started from 1st April and we have a significant 
expectation out of this, the PD business, because we want them to also focus on many of the debt 

 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
instrument and be a market maker in those instruments. So, I think we have a very good expectation 
from this entity. And I think Bank having a large investment book internally, I think as a group we can 
do well on the debt market segment. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The last question is from Aathira of Business Standard and it is on Vodafone 
Idea. And the question is, what is the Bank's plan on lending to Vodafone Idea? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Ma'am, I'll just take a pardon on this because as a policy of the Bank, which the 
Board has laid out, bilateral account we don't discuss. So, in case of something, one we can later stage 
offline can reach out to us. But on a, I mean, meet we don't discuss any bilateral account. So, I take 
pardon for that. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Yes sir. That will be the last question that we'll be able to take today. So, thank you, 
everyone, for joining us today and have a good evening. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Thank you. Thank you, all the media friends. I know there is a crunch time today 
for three banks. So, thank you very much.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. 
 
******** 

 
 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
Bank of Baroda Analyst Meet for Quarter and Year ended 31st March 2026 
8th May 2026 
 
Participating members from the Management Team of the Bank  
➢ Dr. Debadatta Chand, Managing Director & CEO  
➢ Mr. Lalit Tyagi, Executive Director 
➢ Mr. Sanjay Vinayak Mudaliar, Executive Director 
➢ Mr. Lal Singh, Executive Director 
➢ Ms. Beena Vaheed, Executive Director 
➢ Mr. I V L Sridhar, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: Good evening everyone and welcome to the Analysts' Meet for Bank of Baroda's financial 
results for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2026. Thank you all for joining us. We have with us 
today our MD and CEO, Dr. Debadatta Chand and he is joined by the Bank's Executive Directors and 
our CFO. After brief introductions, we have a presentation on the results with the highlights of the 
performance which our CFO will take you through. Followed by opening remarks by Dr. Chand and 
then we will start with the Q&A session. Chand sir, I would request you to begin. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Thanks, Phiroza and all my analyst friends. Very good evening to all of you. I 
think you have a busy day today because 3 banks have announced their financials today. So, thank 
you so much for joining. And just to introduce the management team, I am D. Chand, MD and CEO of 
Bank of Baroda. With me is Mr. Lalit Tyagi, he is the Executive Director. He looks after the corporate 
credit, the international banking and more importantly the treasury with him. We have Mr. Sanjay 
Mudaliar, he is the Executive Director. He looks after the IT function of the Bank and including the 
retail asset which is again a large book as on today apart from a couple of other platform functions. 
Then we have Mr. Lal Singh, he is the Executive Director. He looks after the SAMV vertical which is a 
stress asset management vertical, including HR and also the MSME department is also a part of his 
portfolio. We have Madam Beena Vaheed, she looks after the operations of the Bank, the CCO reports 
to her including the risk management, many of the platform functions including the compliance and 
control audit and also the retail liability which is again a large franchisee for the Bank. And we have 
the CFO, Mr. I.V.L. Sridhar. So, he has been there for a couple of quarters interacting with all of you. 
With this, I hand it over to Phiroza. 
 
Moderator: Yes, sir. We will now have the presentation. 
 
Mr. IVL Sridhar: Good evening, everyone. It is my privilege to present before you the financial 
highlights of Bank of Baroda for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March 2026. As at the end 
of 2026, the Bank's global business volume has crossed a milestone of Rs. 30 lakh crores and stands at 
Rs. 30.78 lakh crores registering a Y-o-Y growth of 13.9%. Our global advances have grown by 16.2% 
Y-o-Y with domestic advances growing at 14.5% and international at 24.4%. Within the advances book, 
the Bank has continued to focus on RAM advances. Our organic retail book grew by 17.9%, agriculture 
by 20.7% and organic MSME by 15.6%. Corporate loans have grown by 11.2% Y-o-Y. Within the retail 
segment, we have seen smart growth across the portfolio with auto loan by 20.6%, mortgage loans by 
19.3%, home loans by 14.6% and education loans by 10.9% and personal loans by 8.7% Y-o-Y.  
In terms of deposit growth, our total deposits have grown by 12% with international deposits growing 
by 7.5% and domestic deposits by 12.8%. The domestic CASA deposits have grown by 9.8% and term 
deposits have registered a growth of 14.8% Y-o-Y. As of 31st March 2026, the Bank's domestic credit 
deposit ratio stands at 83.4%. The CASA ratio stands at 38.9% up by 45 bps quarter on quarter.  
With regard to our quarterly profit metrics, our operating profit for the quarter stands at Rs. 9,069 
crores registering a growth of 11.5% Y-o-Y. The Bank has adopted new mortality rules for arriving at 
the AS-15 liability which led to an increase in the employee cost by Rs. 520 crores. Our net profit for 
Q4 2026 stands at Rs. 5,616 crores registering a growth of 11.2% Y-o-Y, which is the highest ever 
quarterly net profit. Return on assets remain consistently above 1% at 1.15% in Q4 2026. Return on 
equity stands at 17.27% for the quarter.  

 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
For the full financial year FY2026, our operating profit stands at Rs. 32,259 crores. Our net profit for 
FY2026 stands at Rs. 20,021 crores which is the highest ever net profit. Return on assets remain above 
1% at 1.06% in FY 2026. Return on equity stands at 15.39% for FY 2026.  
With regard to key ratios, our yield on advances stands at 7.44% for the quarter and 7.71% for FY 
2026. Bank's cost of deposits for the quarter stands at 4.78%. It stands at 4.87% for FY 2026 as against 
5.10% in FY 2025. With regard to our net interest margin, it stands at 2.89% for the quarter registering 
a sequential improvement of 10 bps. It stands at 2.89% for the whole FY 2026.  
Now, we come to our asset quality which continues to remain robust. Our GNPA ratio has improved 
by 37 bps Y-o-Y and stands at 1.89%. Our net NPA ratio is below 1% at 0.45% and improvement of 13 
bps Y-o-Y. Our provision coverage ratio including TWO is comfortable at 93.94%. Our slippage ratio for 
Q4 2026 has reduced by 11 bps Y-o-Y and stands at 0.89%. Slippage ratio for FY 2026 also reduced by 
6 bps Y-o-Y to 0.72%. Credit cost for Q4 FY 2026 has increased to 0.76% as against 0.44% in Q4 FY 2025 
due to the prudential floating provision of Rs. 1,500 crores made by the Bank during the quarter. Credit 
cost excluding the floating provision would have been 0.32% for the quarter. Credit cost for the full 
financial year stands at 0.46%. Again, the credit cost excluding floating provision would have been 
0.34% for the full year.  
Coming to our SMA and collection efficiency, our CRILC SMA 1 and 2 as a percentage of our standard 
advances reduced to 0.18% as of March ‘26 as against 0.33% for March ‘25. Our collection efficiency 
excluding agriculture remains robust at 98.9%.  
In terms of our capital adequacy, our capital position continues to be strong with CET-1 at 13.16%, 
TIER-1 at 13.64% and overall CRAR at 15.82%. Our quarterly average LCR remains healthy at 
approximately 127%. Bank has declared a dividend of Rs. 8.5 per share subject to requisite approvals. 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Chand sir, over to you for your opening remarks. Sir, you are on mute. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Yeah. So, thanks Sridhar saab and to all my analyst friends. Let me make a 
couple of qualitative comments on the financials that we have announced for this year and also for 
the quarter. 
I think we have a very strong growth both on the balance sheet and also on the profit and loss. A 
couple of numbers that we see on the balance sheet, this year we crossed the league of Rs. 30 lakhs 
plus kind of a business and the business stands at Rs. 30.78 lakh crores of business as on 31st March. 
At the same time, a couple of other milestones that we see on the financial is that we crossed Rs. 
20,000 crores of net profit for the standalone entity. And the profit becomes Rs. 20,021 crores for the 
financial year. And the profit for this quarter Rs. 5,600 crores possibly is the highest in any quarter for 
the Bank for many years, maybe for the decades.  
On the advances side, although our guidance was 11 to 13 %, but in terms of the percentage that we 
have announced is a global advance growth of 16.2 %. And the domestic advance growth of 14.5 %. 
At the same time, the deposit side, we have seen one of the best quarters, which again, a couple of 

 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
quarters, we have seen a deposit not catching up to the growth in advances with the deposit growth 
is almost 12 % full global deposit with a CASA growth at 9.8% and the saving growth at 9.1%. I think 
these are the numbers which maps very well, with regard to our focus on low-cost deposit and our 
focus to grow on the CASA because last many years we are focusing on the CASA deposit and we have, 
I mean, improved on the services side, product side, bundling of products, so as to improve on the 
CASA front.  
Both the growth of advances and deposit, if I see this is the best quarter in the last 10 quarters. So, I 
mean, we have seen the journey of banks, the journey of the industry for the last 10 quarters in terms 
of growth percentage. But our number, the percentage growth in this quarter has been the best in 
last 10 quarters.  
On the profitability front, the NII growth has been positive. And you would have seen a number saying 
that the increase in interest income has been higher than the interest expenses. That is something in 
earlier quarter slightly it was going negative in terms of the interest income not growing up to the 
extent of the growth in interest expenses. So, I mean, this quarter, I mean, the trend is different. The 
interest income growth has been higher than the interest expenses.  
Consequently, the NIM, the NII is at Rs. 12,494 crores, which is a growth of 8.7%. The NIM domestic 
at 3.04% and the global is at 2.89%. And this NIM percentage is also higher than that of last quarter. 
As the CFO said, on the employee front, because of the hardening of the yield, the obligation under 
AS-15 has gone down. But at the same time, the Bank decided to migrate to the new mortality table 
where there is an additional liability requirement of Rs. 520 crores, which we have provided for. So, I 
mean, the employee cost that you would have seen, including AS-15, the trend is in line with the 
system what other banks also would have announced.  
Couple of numbers in terms of the operating profit of more than Rs. 7,000 crores, I mean, we are 
announcing this more than Rs. 7,000 crores operating profit for last 14 quarters. And this quarter it is 
Rs. 9,069 crores. Net profit we are announcing more than Rs. 4,000 crores for last 13 consecutive 
quarters. Similarly, the ROA of more than 1%, that is one of the guidance numbers, we have that we 
are having more than 1% for last 15 consecutive quarters. The accretion to book value, which is again 
one of the fundamental factors in terms of what you look as an investor, it has improved from Rs. 
148.8 from March ‘23 to Rs. 251.7 in March 2026. Increase or incremental addition of book value to 
the extent of Rs. 102.90.  
Asset quality has been one of the best as far as the numbers are concerned, the GNPA at 1.89%, the 
net NPA at 0.45%, both in terms of the slippage ratio and also the credit cost, the credit cost full year 
is 0.46% as compared to 0.47%. Both well within our guidance range. I think the asset quality and in 
terms of the CRILC data in terms of SMA 1 and 2, more than Rs. 5 crores also, it has gone down from 
almost from 0.36% to 0.18%. So, with this, I think the asset quality has been good as far as we are 
concerned.  
Secondly, a couple of initiatives that I want to highlight before you is, that the Bank recently raised a 
Rs. 10,000 crores of green infra bond. This is the first in India to raise a green infra bond and the 
response was 3x of the amount that we wanted to mobilize. We have an outstanding green deposit 
as on today to the extent of Rs. 1,899 crores and I think by far is the highest deposit in the system. We 
have also announced this time that we are going to raise capital in the form of AT-1 and Tier 2 to the 
extent of Rs. 6,000 crores in this financial year. I also remind you as per earlier announcement wherein 
we announced that the Bank would be keen to raise Rs. 8,500 crores of equity capital over a medium 

 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
term that is up to FY28. So, in terms of capital raise, it is almost like we have the, what you can say, 
not pipeline, but a room to raise Rs. 14,500 crores consisting of Rs. 8,500 crores pure equity and Rs. 
6,000 crores of AT-1 and Tier 2 for this year, 2026-27.  
Let me retrieve a couple of guidances normally we give. The loan guidance we are upsizing from the 
earlier guidance of 11 to 13% to 12 to 14% considering our performance. Subject, the global 
headwinds does not impact big time to the Indian market. The deposit growth is from 9 to 11% earlier, 
it has been upsized to 10 to 12%. The NIM, we achieved 2.89% this quarter, but we are slightly looking 
at a probable repricing of asset liability while projecting at 2.75 to 2.95% for the full year. The ROA 
continue to have more than 1% and that is what we had earlier guidance also continue to have the 
same guidance. The slippage ratio also we still keep it at the same level of 1 to 1.25% and the credit 
cost below 0.60%. So, these are a couple of guidance I think important for you.  With this, I am done 
with my opening remarks. We will open for question and answer. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. If you have a question, please raise your hand or you may also type your 
question in the Q&A box. We will start the first question with Rikin Shah. Rikin, if you can please 
unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Rikin Shah: Hi, good evening, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Just two questions. First one, on 
your reported global yields on advance and cost of deposits, both have moved down and the cost of 
deposits have gone up, but the margins are higher. So, presumably, that is due to some interest on IT 
refund. So, while I do acknowledge that you have called that to be core in the past, but if you could 
just quantify the amount of the same. That is number one. 
Second question is specifically on cost of deposits. So, if the global as well as domestic cost of deposits 
have marginally gone up in this quarter versus the last quarter, how is the outlook on the same? Fair 
to say that the TD repricing is already done for us completely and how only the cost of deposits move. 
And the third and the final question, sir, is on the OpEx, two moving parts, as you pointed out. Now, 
with this mortality rate change, how should I think about the ongoing OpEx going ahead, employee 
expenses specifically? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Okay, thanks, Rikin. Coming on the margin and particularly the yield on 
advances and cost of deposits, I think the denominator of both the things are different, whereas the 
NIM takes care of the full on the asset side. So, the spread and margin are different. So, we should not 
compare the spread and margin because that would give a different picture. At the same time, I do 
agree there is a line item with regard to the IT refund. And earlier also I said, because since we have a 
large provision on the IT, we keep on getting this as a normal flow. It can be higher or lower in a 
particular year and precisely for that reason, although we had a 2.89% NIM for this quarter, we 
projected at 2.75 to 2.95%. So, that accounts for any volatility that may be because of the IT refund. 
But for me, the NIM is one that is a core NIM and what we announce the NIM is the core NIM. So, that 
is with regard to, I mean, we should not get confused with the spread and margin because margin 
computation is different than the spread. 
 

 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Mr. Rikin Shah: Fair enough. But would you like to quantify, sir, the interest on IT refund in this 
quarter? I think last quarter it was about Rs. 300 or 400 crores. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: No, actually, we do not have a number, I do not have a number, you can offline, 
get a number. But again, the same thing I reiterate because there are refunds, significant refunds 
coming every year that we have seen. And the amount can be higher and lower and precisely for that 
reason, actually, I have given a guidance, lower guidance at 2.75%.  
 
Mr. Rikin Shah: Got it, sir.  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: But whatever amount that is very insignificant to the overall, I have an income 
base of almost Rs. 1,26,000 crores. So, in that way, that is not very significant to impact on the margin. 
Cost of deposit, you are right, I think it is getting sticky at this point of time. So, if I compare March 
over December, although the cost of deposit for as far as we are concerned is one of the lowest in the 
market, at 4.78%, I think we are one of the lowest in the market on the cost of deposit. But going by 
the liquidity scenario prevailing, because suddenly in the March quarter, the geopolitical issue came 
big time and which is still persisting. So, in that way, my sense is that, I mean, the cost of deposit is 
going to be sticky. Maybe there is a scope of realigning on the asset side, but as on today, I don’t see 
a cost of deposit further going down at the current scenario if the liquidity continues to be the same 
like it is as on today. So, in that way, slightly mindful of the repricing effect of the asset rather than 
the deposit, because deposit whatever has been fully repriced as on today based on the current level.  
On the mortality, I think the CFO will be the right person. But before that, Madam Beena, anything 
you want to say on the cost of deposit? 
 
Ms. Beena Vaheed: No, sir, because I think it is likely to remain at the same levels because it will be 
elevated. March quarter, we saw a slight increase in the cost of deposits and it is likely to continue for 
this quarter as well, because we don’t see it coming down any time, at least for the next 3 months. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, Mr. CFO, can you just address the mortality table and what is the benefit… 
 
Mr. IVL Sridhar: Yeah. Sir, actually the one-time impact that we have taken due to movement in the 
new mortality table which is Rs. 520 crores. This is one time. Going forward, the recurring impact will 
be very negligible. 
 
Mr. Rikin Shah: Got it, sir. Perfect. Thank you. And sir, if I can just add on one more question. In the 
SBI call just prior to our call, they were alluding to some scope to improve the yields on advance as 
the corporate borrowing moves from the T-bill to the MCLR. Is this something that we can also possibly 
do or is that a likelihood or a positive kicker on yields on loan going ahead? 
 

 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: That is what I said. Actually, when I said the deposit is sticky, that means the 
only scope for us to realign the asset pricing. When the rates were really low, many MCLR-linked loans 
got repriced with the external benchmark, more particularly T-bill. With the elevated, I mean the rate 
structure which is prevailing because of the geopolitical issue, I think there is scope for realigning that 
portfolio and that is what actually our strategy to look into those pricing very closely. 
 
Mr. Rikin Shah: Got it, sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Jayant Kharote. 
 
Mr. Jayant Kharote: Thank you for the opportunity, sir. My question is on the ECL guidelines that have 
come through. You have been in the past transparent about the impact. I think you have called out 
around 18 bps sort of a steady state impact. Is the final guideline to your earlier calculation tallying 
with it, is it better than that or could it be higher than that? That is the first question. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Thank you very much for that. Actually, earlier it was a draft guideline. So, it 
was possible to estimate or guesstimate, that impact. So, now that there is a final guideline. So, what 
is our stance is that unless and until we compute fully on that, it is not proper to quantify that, at this 
stage. But my sense is that whatever guidance we had given earlier, it is not going to, it would be 
aligned to those numbers. So, I am not expecting any significant change vis-a-vis the earlier, I mean, 
although that was more of a tentative calculation in that manner, but we want to see the real impact 
and then possibly articulate better and that would be a proper to articulate rather than giving any 
number at this stage. So, that is what actually I said in the media meet also and I am saying it here 
also. 
 
Mr. Jayant Kharote: Understood. So, second question is on the trajectory of margins. While I 
understand your full year guidance is in that 2.75% range, is it fair to assume it will first move down 
and then move up in the second half given the near-term pressure on deposits and given the asset 
repricing strategy that you are trying may take a while before it shows up on yields? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: You are right. One thing that we are assuming for this quarter at least that the 
cost structure is going to be sticky. I mean, as I said, the cost of deposit further moderation going by 
the current scenario, we are not looking at. So, the only way the NIM we can manage with regard to 
realigning the asset pricing and that would be one of the key focus as far as our, I mean, management 
work is concerned. But at the same time, why slightly we give a conservative number because this IT 
refund is a flow which is although a continuous one, but it can go up and down in every quarter. And 
that depends upon the refund order that we get. So, keeping everything in mind, so we have given a 
slightly conservative guidance on the lower side. Not necessarily it would happen in the Q1, maybe at 
the later quarter, but that all depend upon how do you do all this, what I can say math together so as 
to protect the margin. 
 

 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Mr. Jayant Kharote: And I assume sir the 2.75% is the lowest number ex of IT refund, that is why you 
kept that at the lower end 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: All four quarters together, I think we should not be breaching this lower 
threshold of 2.75%.  
 
Mr. Jayant Kharote: Even with zero IT refund, that is why you are confident. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: It won't be zero, I never said zero. 
 
Mr. Jayant Kharote: No, no. I am saying that is why you are trying to give some innovative guidance. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: We have some estimate of the IT refund for the full year based on the orders 
and the seasonal or whatever the past trend. So, based on that is the guidance. 
 
Mr. Jayant Kharote: Understood. Sir, lastly, on the incremental OpEx, I do understand, is there any 
revision on employee means because of the yield movement that you have taken in this quarter? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: No, the AS-15 impact already articulated by CFO, I think CFO can you just go 
ahead with your AS-15 impact. So, that is the only OpEx that maybe slightly he may be interested to 
know. 
 
Mr. IVL Sridhar: Actually, the mortality tables which we have adopted are the latest tables. With that 
the one-time increment in the AS-15 obligation is around Rs. 520 crores that we have fully absorbed 
in this quarter. Going forward, the recurring impact will be negligible. Regarding your question, I think 
it pertains to the wage settlement, which is still not yet due. 
 
Mr. Jayant Kharote: Thank you very much and all the best for the year.  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kunal Shah. 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah: Yeah. Hi, am I audible? 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: You are audible Kunal, please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah: Yeah, thanks for taking the question. So, firstly, when we look at it, the increase in 
the bulk deposits which have been there and I think the earlier question on cost of deposits, I think it 
would be also the factor of bulk deposits getting raised, which was almost like say 14% quarter on 
quarter and 25-26% year on year. Maybe few quarters back, we had seen an incident wherein all of a 
sudden, we reduced both the bulk deposits as well as the wholesale portfolio at one point in time and 
we saw a significant reduction in the balance sheet size. At any point in time, would again we be 
pursuing that in terms of the margin management or ROA management exercise, if you can just clarify 
that. So, that's the first question.  
Second question is on floating provisions, Rs. 1500 odd crores. So, this would be towards ECL 
transitioning, I believe. And how much more do we plan to create it further? Is it like maybe, so 
obviously, credit cost was much higher during the quarter, including this floating, but would we see 
that continuing for a couple of more quarters?  
And on recoveries from written off again, compared to our guidance of Rs. 750-850 odd crores, we 
saw a substantial increase. There seems to be some one-off account there. But otherwise, in terms of 
the guidance for FY27, do we continue to maintain Rs. 750-850 crores? You alluded to most of the 
other parameters in guidance, but this time you have not given it for recoveries. So, just would want 
to reconfirm that as well. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, thanks Kunal. You said right with regard to, we said earlier, maybe 2-3 years 
back that we want to reduce the dependency on bulk deposit. When I said dependency at that time, 
bulk used to be almost like, I am talking about the total deposit as a percentage was almost 23-24 %. 
And we went down to almost a level of 17 % at some point of time, maybe 2-3 quarters prior to this. 
Having said so, because of bulk deposit dependency, here the balance sheet size has not actually was, 
I mean de-grew, the balance sheet continued to grow strong. The strategy was to replace the bulk 
with the low-cost deposit. And there we have been doing consistently well for last many quarters and 
this quarter also you would have seen our saving growth is 9.1% and you can compare with many 
banks who have declared and what is the growth they do have. So, the strategy has really worked in 
terms of focusing on the saving and that's why we have one of the highest CASA percentage within 
the peer banks. I mean, currently also it is almost at 39% and you have the comparison available. So, 
you can make it out how the strategy works. On the balance sheet, we have grown significantly, but 
in the same time, we could able to change the bulk percentage from bulk to low-cost side. 
For the March quarter particularly, the geopolitical issue, what has happened, there was a liquidity 
possibility. The loan growth has been very at 16.2%. So, you need to be there in terms of managing 
both your liquidity at the same time, maybe you need to mobilize a bit of a deposit both from the bulk 
and CD together. We have a component of CD in the bulk, the number that we see Rs. 3,20,000 or 
3,21,000 crores. So, CD as you know, these are again slightly the duration less with a cost also lower 
than the bulk deposit because typically bulk deposit is a one-year deposit. So, in that way, the Bank is 
managing the liability, I mean, the liability profile in a manner which is again optimal in terms of 
liquidity, optimal in terms of pricing, optimal in terms of margin. So that we have been doing since 
long and I think that's something a positive trajectory of the Bank for the last many quarters and years 
now.  
On the floating provision, the provision has been created typically to go for the balance sheet for any 
extraordinary scenario, not for tagging with any ECL provision per se. This floating provision cannot be 

 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
touched unless and until there is a regulatory approval for that. So, it's basically a buffering the balance 
sheet strength to create floating provision rather than tagging with any particular ECL impact. If ECL 
impact is to be taken in the books directly, we'll take it in the books directly without touching the 
floating provision. So, I mean, these two are not linked with that, but obviously, yes, any headwinds 
that can create both globally, also any such headwinds, I mean, because of the geopolitical issue, we 
are mindful of buffering the balance sheet in terms of creating balance sheet strength. 
Third, with regard to, you said, right, the TWO this time has been, I mean, higher as compared to 
because normally we give a normalized guidance of around Rs. 750-800 crores. This time, obviously, 
March quarter is always a productive quarter in terms of slightly making your efforts more in terms of 
recovery, and that has resulted into a higher recovery, particularly from TWO. And I'll continue to have 
the same normalized guidance of Rs. 750-800 crores. Mind it, my TWO book is almost Rs. 62,000 
crores. So, estimating any such recovery quarter to quarter is, I think it's an appropriate number.   
 
Mr. Kunal Shah: Yeah, so but would there be chunky account of Rs. 500-700 crores in recoveries this 
quarter?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: There are many, actually. It all depends upon when the resolution happened 
and when you recover money. There are legal processes, NCLT processes, multiple such things. So 
purely pinpointing that it can happen in a quarter, it's not possible. But then we are hopeful because 
the kitty is quite Rs. 62,000 crores is quite a large number.  
 
Mr. Kunal Shah: No, no. I'm saying in Q4, was there any chunky account of Rs. 500-700 crores?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Not any chunky one. It was a, I mean, mid-size, some of the exposure, which 
was mid-size, maybe Rs. 200-250 crores, a couple of such accounts there.  
 
Mr. Kunal Shah: Okay. Got it. Perfect. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks. And all the best. Yeah. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Thanks Kunal.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Parth Gutka. Parth, if you can please unmute yourself.  
 
Mr. Parth Gutka: Yeah. Hi, sir. Sir, what was the LCR as of the March end?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: It is 127%.  
 
Mr. Parth Gutka: Okay. And of this recovery from TWO of Rs. 1,400 crores, has some amount gone to 
the interest income line item?  

 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: It is so, yeah. So, accounting is such that some amount goes in the interest 
income and also on the income from recovery from TWO.  
 
Mr. Parth Gutka: Sorry, sir. I missed the amount.  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Rs. 100 crores has gone to the interest income part. 
 
Mr. Parth Gutka: Okay. Okay, sir. Okay, sir. Thanks a lot.  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Okay.  
 
Moderator: Next question is from Ankit Bihani. 
 
Mr. Ankit Bihani: Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question is on the growth and 
deposit growth guidance. So, still we are expecting loan growth to continue to outpace the deposit 
growth to go ahead. And given that now, how much buffer do you have on the LCR front now? And 
what would be the comfortable LCR that we would like to maintain? And my second question is again 
on the interest on IT refund while you call out it as core, you know, contribution to core NIMS, but this 
number is very volatile. And do you expect this to sustain perpetually because somewhere this has to 
come down, right? Because in our calculation, I think it is contributing around about 10 to 15 bps 
towards your ROA. So, what is this? So, how long your interest on IT refund can continue?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Okay. So, first thing you talked about LCR, I answered. Secondly, on the IT 
refund, let me on a growth outpacing deposit. Look, a sustained basis, you have the capital, right? So, 
you have a lot of other alternative resources where you can take refinance, you can raise bonds. So, 
we as a Bank clearly focus on creating a stable resource base, I will not say deposit base. So, while 
maintaining, even you would have seen the CD ratio almost at domestic around 83 point something 
on that. So, we improved vis-a-vis last quarter anyway on the CD ratio. So, the growth percentage, the 
base of deposit is a larger base as compared to the base of advances, that is point one.  
Secondly, in a scenario where banks are holding like a, Bank like us holding more excess SLR, any 
deposit we raise need not be put that into SLR because the entire money can go to deposit. And that 
is what a scenario we are seeing in many last couple of years where because you are holding excess 
SLR, the money incremental deposit, we are raising it straight going into the advances. So, in that way, 
I think this gap of 2.5 to 3% is sustainable, one, in terms of growth of advances and growth of deposits. 
So, that covers your, the advances outpacing deposit. At the same time, obviously, Bank would like to 
augment the resource base and want to grow higher on deposit.  
Interest on IT refund, earlier also I said, yes, it is a line item, which is as per the, clearly as per the 
accounting, but can be volatile, yes. So, I do not estimate with regard to what is the year this year, 
what is going to be the year next year. These are all, I mean, based on the actual tax refund. So, that 
is why accounting for the estimate, we give a margin guidance. And that is why having achieved 2.89% 

 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
also, I am giving a guidance of 2.75 to 2.95%. Accounting for the same amount of money which you 
got this year, possibly may or may not be in the next year, based on the available, what is the refund 
that we expect. And that your issue is, I mean, covered in the margin guidance. That is what my, we 
typically do not get into quantifying, because it is a line item always there in the income as per the 
normal accounting norms. So, then why should I segregate that amount as a different amount? Yes, it 
is volatile, I do agree. But then we account this estimate in terms of how much we get in this year in 
the margin guidance.  
 
Mr. Ankit Bihani: Lastly, how long this can continue for like 1 year, 2 years, 3 years, 4 years, whatever 
you can say.  Look at our tax rate. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: I will give you guidance next year again. So, as far as this year guidance, I am 
very clear that there is going to be a good amount coming. So, next year, suppose I see there will not 
be any money, then I possibly would not account this and give a different guidance. So, my guidance 
for tax refund is based on this only 1 year. So, perpetuality we will discuss maybe in the next year.  
 
Mr. Ankit Bihani: Okay. And so, lastly on the ECL front, I think I missed out on the answer of yours 
there. So, any quantification on what could be the impact and how could a credit cost run rate move 
on implementation of ECL?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, that is what we said earlier. Actually, when the draft guidance was there, 
actually it was able to estimate or guesstimate with regard to the likely impact and that we articulated 
in terms of actually absolute number also in terms of percentage, both on the CRAR and also on the 
credit cost. But having issued the final guidelines, it would not be proper to without really running 
computation transaction wise difficult to say with regard to any quantification. We will do that, but 
we will do it slightly, once we implement and then have a number, possibly one quarter number 
coming very clear on that. So, I am not articulating any number. But my sense as on today, when I look 
into the final guidelines and the draft guidelines, will not be off track from the number that we 
estimated earlier. It will be aligned to those numbers. But actual, I mean, once you slightly implement 
at transaction level and get a clear picture at least for one quarter, then we will be in a position to 
quantify everything on the ECL impact. 
 
Mr. Ankit Bihani: So, last quarter, did you guide that the run rate, credit cost run rate could increase 
by 18 bps, if I am able to recollect correctly?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: I will possibly have to recollect. I can't recollect. But whatever we said, I think 
my sense is that it is not going to overshoot significantly. 
 
Mr. Ankit Bihani: Thank you for answering my question.  
 

 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Moderator: Thank you. If anybody has any questions, I just repeat, please raise your hand or you can 
type your question in the Q&A box. The next question is from Rikin Shah.  
 
Mr. Rikin Shah: Thanks for taking my follow-on question. So, this is relating to the SLR, right? So, we 
do disclose the domestic SLR, which is about 3 trillion on our balance sheet right now, which has just 
not changed in the last 3-4 years. So, as a proportion of the NDTL, it has come off very sharply. And 
it's about 17% right now because I have only the total NDTL, not the domestic NDTL. My question to 
hear is that how much scope do we have further to, you know, or how much excess SLR is still left on 
the balance sheet for us to keep optimizing? That's number one. The number two is, you know, until 
now, we were able to, you know, bring down the excess SLR via surrendering a lot of the securities in 
the OMO or the switches. The likelihood of the same is probably low going ahead. So, even in the 
event if there is no OMO, would you be willing to liquidate it in the market? And thirdly, just as a 
philosophical level, isn't it a better idea to lock in bonds at the higher yields right now, sir, rather than 
lending to the corporates and home loans at the similar rates? Of course, there will be some amount 
of capital charge and the credit risk also involved. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: You are right. The treasury management, the Bank is running one of the largest, 
actually. We are amongst the top three or four in terms of holding. So, at some point of time, the SLR 
holding was almost 26-27%. But subsequently, as of today, it is around 22.5% or 23%. It goes on 
floating. But while managing this SLR, it is not one way that we surrender. I mean, we sell or we put 
that on OMO. We keep on buying at different level as per the market conditions. So, whenever we 
feel the levels are elevated, we get into the market. So, it's a churn happening. Maybe 1-2% on the 
SLR is a continuous churn that happening in terms of buying and selling. So, in that way, it's always an 
optimization game rather than a single selling that SLR and make profit. So, in that way, I think we are 
managing treasury well in that way. And I think that something is part of the treasury management 
because the trading profit comes out of all this churn. It's not necessarily you sell only your book and 
make profit. You have to buy and sell and then only you can make profit. So, our strategy on that 
would continue. 
But in terms of a comfort range you want, because see, the advantage of excess SLR is that it generates 
liquidity. That's the very potent or important purpose of running excess SLR. And that helps in liquidity. 
So, that's very clear. So, Bank would like to, now as against 18%, you are at 22%. That means you are 
almost running 4.5% excess SLR. We like to operate at a safety, I mean, a threshold of maybe 3-3.5% 
at all point of time. Because the purpose is not only an investment in terms of generating profit, the 
purpose is also generate liquidity at the right time in case you require to. So, I think that would be one 
of the strategies as far as the Bank is concerned. Mr. Tyagi, anything you want to add on this?  
 
Mr. Lalit Tyagi: Yeah. So, sir, actually apart from this, we also wish to have a comfortable LCR. And 
that's where the excess SLR also helps us in maintaining our comfortable LCR posting.  
 
Mr. Rikin Shah: And, sir, the choice between, you know, locking in the long-term bond deals at 
reasonably decent rates right now versus growing aggressively in the home loan, corporate and auto 
loan where, you know, the risk-adjusted NIMs or more importantly when adjusted for the capital 
RWAs, how do you think about it?  

 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Yeah, Mr. Tyagi will answer this.  
 
Mr. Lalit Tyagi: So, thank you very much. So, Rikin, actually, both instruments or both markets are 
different. So, investment yield, investment holding achieve different objectives and remaining in the 
loan market, whether it is home loan, whether it is corporate book, whether it is MSME, they are 
different. And loan books gives us, loan customers gives us deposits also, other cross-sell opportunities 
also. So, it's not straight through interest rate we look upon when we land in home loan, car loan or 
corporate segment. We also look at the holistic relationship and also we expand the Bank's various 
product profile. So, I mean, and, you know, different liability profile meets these different asset book 
objectives.  
 
Rikin Shah: Perfect. Thank you, Tyagi Sir and Chand Sir.  
 
Mr. Lalit Tyagi: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. So, the last question that we will be able to take today is from Jay Mundra.  
 
Mr. Jay Mundra: Hi, good evening, sir and congratulations on your term extension. Sir, I wanted to 
check on your capital raising plans. Is that on track? And how soon can this be done?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Thanks, Jay. Thank you very much. The capital, already we have announced 
actually, AT-1 and Tier 2 for this year. I mean, I'm talking about 2026 - 27. We have announced that 
we will be raising Rs. 6,000 crores. But in case you don't raise, then it can also go to the subsequent 
year because we have huge award, if expedient on that. Earlier, we announced equity raise of almost 
Rs. 8,500 crores to be as enabling provision to raise FY 2028. So, we can raise that money in any year 
up to 2028. So, almost Rs. 14,500 crores is the planned raise of capital, both from the equity and also 
on the AT-1 and Tier 2, which is slightly, I mean, it can be on this year or subsequent year. So, we have 
taken a medium- term plan of FY 2028. Beyond this capital also, we normally keep raising Infra bonds 
and other, those are also part of the resources where we have to announce to the exchange. So, those 
if there is a requirement to do that, because sometimes we look at the duration of your liability book 
as a whole. And somewhere we find that, because we compute the duration of asset also and the gap 
between duration of asset full book, I'm not talking about only investment. So, in case you want to 
tweak something as an asset liability management purpose, we keep raising long term resources also. 
So, it's all the ALM management that would decide whether we need to raise long term resources in 
the form of Infra bond and other bond. If that be so, then we will announce to the market at that point 
of time. What is already announced approved by the board is enabling Rs. 8,500 crores in equity, the 
Rs. 6,000 crores in AT-1 and Tier 2.  
 
Mr. Jay Mundra: Right! Sure, sir. And sorry, the capital raise plan of Rs. 8,500 crores, that is also on 
track, right? I mean, you have a decent, very strong CET-1, but still, despite that, that plan is on, right?  

 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Yes, it is on. It is always on table. And it will depend upon the time at which we 
really want to tap it actually, based on the market conditions and the requirement of capital for the 
Bank for different, I mean, any scenario going forward, maybe a geopolitical or anything, if there is a 
need, we will raise it immediately. But then it's an enabling, that is applicable till FY28.  
 
Mr. Jay Mundra: Right! Sure. And sir, do you have a number for blended bulk deposit cost for last 
quarter? Because I believe, bulk deposit rate would have started to cool off. Or qualitatively, if you 
can comment, you know, how much, let's say the blended bulk deposit rate would have come down 
for you?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Jay, I don't have data on this. In case you want, we can offline provide you. But 
the issue is that actually, I was just giving a context in one of the earlier conversations wherein, in two, 
three years back, we had a larger percentage of bulk as a percentage of total deposit, mind the 
denominator, because people compute in different way, then get confused on this. So, it was almost 
24-25% at some time. And we reduced that to 17% of total deposit a couple of quarters back. Now, as 
you know, the liquidity scenario in March quarter is always a different scenario because of the 
geopolitical inducing bit of a liquidity tightness. So then from 17%, it went to 19%, but still below 20%, 
which is my normal, what you can say, the guidance with regard to bulk deposit. So, we'll continue to 
optimize based on the need for liquidity, need for the growth on the asset. At the same time, the 
pricing impact also will be mindful when doing this. So, it's overall concept of liquidity management, 
NIM management that decide how much bulk we need to have, going forward. 
 
Mr. Jay Mundra: Right Sir. And sir, do you suspect any increase in the term, retail term deposit rate in 
the near term? Because I think a few banks have started to increase retail TD rate. But what is your 
sense on that?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: I'm not predicting any increase in deposit rate. But one thing I have said that 
the cost of deposit, which we are one of the lowest in the system, if you look at the numbers of 4.78%, 
that's going to be sticky in the Q1. Sticky in the sense, I'm not expecting that to go down further.  
 
Mr. Jay Mundra: I think that number may not be very comparable because we have a 20% plus share 
of overseas.  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: I'm talking about the domestic, domestic is at 4.99%. That's still below 5%, not 
many banks below 5%.  
 
Mr. Jay Mundra: And sir, please complete. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: In that way, I mean, sticky means I'm not expecting to go down. Actually, going 
up would depend upon the liquidity scenario in the market.  
 

 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Mr. Jay Mundra: And sir, have you made any PLI provision for this year in the quantum of that? The 
performance linked incentive?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: PLI, I'll check, just one second. Yeah, we have made provision for that actually. 
We have made provision.  
 
Mr. Jay Mundra: Sorry sir, how much is the quantum? I'm sorry sir, if I could get the quantum for PLI. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Rs. 500 crores on this. Rs. 500 cr. 
 
Mr. Jay Mundra: Okay, sure. And sir, this is now, I mean, where is it in the staff cost or this is in some 
other provision? Because I think they're still under litigation, right?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, it is under staff cost.  
 
Mr. Jay Mundra: Thanks a lot Chand Sir and all the best.  
 
Moderator: The very last question is from Kunal Shah.  
 
Mr. Kunal Shah: Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the follow up. So, particularly on the overseas exposure, 
almost Rs. 2,60,000 odd thousand crores of a book. So maybe, if you can just clarify in terms of the 
profile, particularly two aspects. One is directly Middle East exposure. And second is, how much is 
trade related and there have been disruptions which have been there. So, any risk because today it's 
almost zero NPA in overseas exposure. Do we see any risk of the NPA coming up over two to three 
odd quarters?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Look, overseas, I mean, the trade is normally up to 20% because we don't allow 
trade book to significantly go up because there is a, the trade has a fine pricing, because that also 
impacts your NIM. So, I think on a percentage basis, the trade is below 20%, exactly if I know, I can 
give you because that's what we prescribe for overseas to continue doing business. Remaining 
exposure are mostly on a local syndication, that particularly some of the markets were very big over 
there. Like US, even Gift City is a big market and these are all global syndication where we participate 
with high street bank in terms of taking those exposures. Big books in US, Australia, even Singapore 
for the matter and all those. So, I think as of today, there is no impact in terms of their asset quality 
on this. Particularly Middle East, yes, we do have exposure because Middle East we have a large retail 
operation over there. 
And then the outstanding can be in the range of around Rs. 50,000 - 60,000 crores as of today. But 
that's again spread over multiple countries, which are again, some of the countries are A-rated as of 
today. So, the direct impact of this, I mean, all those countries, the regulator also, they have 
announced some kind of measures like the ECLGS we have done in India. So, to sustain their 

 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
operations. So real impact, we'll not get to know until we just see. But as of today, there is no concern 
with regard to asset quality because these are the corporates having quite a strong balance sheet. 
And our last percentage of exposure are local syndication, which are global local syndication, where 
there are marquee names in the book. And they are very big. Some of them are Fortune 500. So, I 
don't think any challenge as of today with regard to the global international book. But yes, particularly 
in Middle East operation, we need to be slightly watchful for a couple of quarters.  
 
Mr. Kunal Shah: And how much ECLGS 5.0 withdrawal are we expecting? Maybe the drawdown 
benefit, which we might take up. So, we participated last time also quite actively.  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, I think our book is Rs. 1,60,000 crores is the MSME book and roughly 55-
60% is the working capital. And taking almost like everybody won't go up to 20%, maybe on a 15% 
scale, I think Rs. 12,000 crores plus would be an amount that we'll be disbursing on the ECLGS. 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah: Got it. And one last question. If you look at auto loan, the growth is quite strong. We 
are seeing many of the PSU banks offering a very longer tenure product, 7 years, 9 years and that too 
at a very competitive rate. Do we see some risk coming up? Because obviously there is a depreciation 
which happens after 4-5 years, there would hardly be any value left out there. So why so much of 
aggression from PSUs on auto? And same with home loan in terms of competitive rates. When do we 
see PSUs lowering the aggression in these two segments on the rate side?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: I don't see a PSU outlook here, but as far as the Bank is concerned, we'll 
continue to grow on auto loan. The reason being, look, auto loan is not a productive asset to generate 
revenue. I mean, it's based on the cash flow a person is having from which he pays the money. So, our 
selection of borrower in terms of auto loans are more looking into cash flow, salaried class, where we 
have done bulk transactions, bulk tie-ups. So, I think in that way, the growth has been good and as of 
today, whether I track the stress book or the GNPA percentage, I think these are all benign and very, 
very small at this point of time because possibly the ability of the cash flow to support the payout is 
still continuing the same way. So going forward, in case there is anything that we see at an elevated 
level of risk over there, actually we do portfolio review every quarter on all the books. And these are 
all being done at a very senior level, board level committee and all. So, anything we see, an incipient 
stress in this sector, which I don't see as of today, then possibly we'll have a look. But as of today, my 
guidance will continue the same way like we're continuing on auto loans. 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah: Okay, thanks. Thanks for patiently answering all the questions. Thank you and all the 
best. 
 
Moderator: I would now request CFO Sir to please give the vote of thanks.  
 

 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Mr. IVL Sridhar: Yeah, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all of you for joining us today for 
the announcement and discussion of our financial results. Should you have any further question, 
please feel to reach us, to me or to our investor relations team. Thank you once again for your time 
and continuous support. Have a great evening ahead. Thank you. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Thank you very much. Thanks.  
 
Moderator: Thank you everyone. 
 
************* 
