 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Jain Plastic Park, P.O.Box: 72, N.H.No. 53, Jalgaon – 425 001. India. 
Tel: +91-257-2258011; Fax: +91-257-2258111; E-mail: jisl@jains.com; Visit us at: www.jains.com 
CIN: L29120MH1986PLC042028 
 
 
 
JISL/SEC/2026/05/B-2/B-6 
 
 
 
 
 
                  May 18, 2026 
To, 
BSE Ltd., 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, Rotunda 
Building, P. J.  Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,   
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Email : cc@nse.co.in 
 
 
Ref:  Code No. 500219 (BSE) & JISLJALEQS (NSE) for Ordinary Equity Shares 
Code No. 570004 (BSE) & JISLDVREQS (NSE) for DVR Equity Shares 
 
 
Sub: Transcript – Q4/FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Q4/FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on 
May 15, 2026 at 05:30 PM IST.  
 
 
Please take the above on record and acknowledge. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jain Irrigation Systems Limited, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A. V. Ghodgaonkar 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AVDHUT 
VASANT 
GHODGAONKAR
Digitally signed by 
AVDHUT VASANT 
GHODGAONKAR 
Date: 2026.05.18 
12:14:15 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2026 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ANIL JAIN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– JAIN IRRIGATION SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. BIPEEN VALAME – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – JAIN IRRIGATION 
SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MAHIR MANI – DRCHOKSEY FINSERV PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Jain Irrigation Systems Q4 
and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by DRChoksey Finserv Private 
Limited. As a reminder, all participant line will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mahir Mani. Thank you, and over to you. 
Mahir Mani: 
Thank you, Danish. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Jain Irrigation 
Systems Limited earnings call to discuss the Q4 FY '26 results. Today, we 
have on call Mr. Anil Jain, CEO and MD; and Mr. Bipeen Valame, CFO. 
 
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain 
forward-looking statements that may involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors and must therefore be viewed in conjunction 
with the risks that the company faces. 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
Future results, performance or achievements may differ significantly from 
what is expressed and implied by such forward-looking statements. Please 
note the results and presentation are available on the exchange and the 
company's website. 
 
Now I request Mr. Anil Jain to take us through the company's business 
outlook and financial highlights, subsequent to which we will open the floor 
for questions. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anil Jain: 
Good evening to all the participants and the listeners for the call. Thank you 
for joining company's conference call for the fourth quarter results and the 
overall year review. So as we circulated, we had a Board meeting earlier 
today, and we have circulated the results, you might have seen that overall, 
when you look at it, we were able to manage approximately a revenue of 
about INR1,800 crores this quarter as the entire company as against same 
period last year at about INR1,750. 
 
So registering about a nominal growth of about 4.3%. Within that, the Hi-
Tech business, which primarily means drip irrigation, tissue culture, grew, in 
fact, about 8%. There is a small amount of degrowth in Plastic business 
because of slow quarter for the piping in the first quarter. And the impact we 
had because of very high prices of raw materials in month of March. 
 
And Agro Processing also did about 6% growth during this quarter. And in 
terms of overall EBITDA, EBITDA grew about 7%. So revenue grew 4%, 
EBITDA grew about 7%. Within Hi-Tech, the EBITDA had a really good 
growth at about 22% compared to the same period last year. 
 
The plastics grew also 3.3%, but Agro Processing had a negative EBITDA 
growth for this quarter, while for the whole year, they had a positive 
EBITDA growth. We have been able to improve the margin. Overall margin 
came at 13.2% as against 12.8% across all the divisions. 
 
Within individual businesses, Hi-Tech came out at 19.8% as against last year 
same period, 17.5%. So that's a substantial improvement. Even Plastic was a 
little bit higher at 10.2% versus 9.7%. 
 
So this has been in that context and background, we have been able to hold 
our margins, even though revenue growth was lower than what we were 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
expecting or we were anticipating in the quarter. If I look at the whole year 
now that we are aggregating all the 4 quarters, revenue has grown by about 
11% for the whole year. 
 
That includes the consol business, that is a business in India, the food 
business, the overseas Plastic business all put together. But within that 11%, 
you would see that the Hi-Tech business grew more than 20%. So that has 
been really heartening to see that the business which is most profitable, grew 
at the best rate. 
 
The plastics grew only at 2.4%, and the food managed to cross INR2,000 
crores revenue by growing 9%. So again, overall positive revenue growth and 
especially in Hi-Tech, it was 20%. So that augurs well going forward. 
 
In terms of EBITDA, while revenue growth for Hi-Tech was about 20%, 
EBITDA for the whole year grew to 26%. We had a negative growth in 
plastics EBITDA because revenue was -- also did not grow. And food 
managed about 9% growth in EBITDA compared to the last year's same 
period, in line with its revenue expansion. 
 
But if we look at the kind of India side of the food business did very well 
during the whole year. While we had some challenges in our European and 
U.S. business, those are being addressed. And I think we expect current fiscal 
year, that is FY '27, they will not remain. So next year looks then quite good 
for the food business in totality. 
 
In general, in terms of the market, what we have seen that the pricing shock, 
which we saw in March, where some of our polymer, we use PVC and 
polyethylene for piping business and linear low-density polyethylene in drip 
irrigation business. 
 
And we saw that between 20th February to sometimes in 25th of March, 
prices had gone up substantially, resulting into almost -- at one point, there 
were more than 50% increase in the raw material prices within a space of 
about 20 days. And on polyethylene side, it was, in fact, 60% increase. 
 
And so that was a kind of a shock to the system. This was unprecedented, not 
seen anything like that even during COVID period. And in fact, over the last 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
40 years, this was in such a short period, such an amount of increase, which 
took place. 
 
And since then, if I talk about late April, early May, PVC prices have come 
down because part of PVC gets supplied from China, which is coal-based, 
and that comes at a lower cost. And it is not -- because it is coal based, it does 
not have to be a derivative of the crude. While polyethylene, HDPE or 
LLDPE, continues to remain still quite high because it is direct derivative of 
the crude. So those prices are about 40% up. They had gone up to 60% up, 
but they are now at around 40% level. 
 
And PVC is down to about 10% compared to where it was in February. So 
we have seen -- since these prices have come down, we have seen demand for 
PVC pipe already come back. And things -- while March and April, we lost 
some business due to uncertainty in the market, customers decided to 
postpone their demand or their orders, especially the farmers. 
 
And -- but PVC has come back, and we expect that over the next few months, 
as this is expected also to be -- monsoon is expected to be lower than normal. 
We expect stronger demand for water management products from farmers. So 
we expect next few months to be better unless there is another big price 
shock, which one cannot predict and one is not aware. 
 
But as things stand, I think what we saw the worst between first 3 weeks of 
March and through April, things are -- have stabilized and business is coming 
back to normal. So the second half of this quarter looks better than the first 
half. 
 
And then onwards, July onwards should also be better is our overall sense in 
terms of where we are going. In our food business, we had planned also new 
business where we had talked about that we are getting into beverage 
manufacturing. 
 
And so I'm happy to report that in the quarter, the 2 beverage lines started, 
one for juice and one for CSD. And there is a discussion ongoing to also put 
additional 3 more lines during FY '27. And we are looking forward to closure 
of those discussions soon and then move forward with that additional 
investment. Overall, I think we had a small amount of revenue because of the 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
initial trials, etc., in late February and early March. But we did some amount 
of business already in March. 
 
So we expect current year to generate again, the revenue and the margins into 
that new side of the business. The other business which we are working on a 
collaboration with the Japanese company, it's about tomato processing. That 
plant would start sometimes, I think, January. That is the next mango season -
- sorry, tomato season when that comes through. 
 
As we also speak right now, we are currently processing onion since January, 
and that season has gone reasonably okay for us. So that augurs well for the 
next year in terms of improving sales of onion, etc., dried onion. And the 
mango season is just starting as we speak. And this year onwards, '27, '28 
onwards, we also expect that once all the rules are notified under India 
USDA, earlier, we used to pay 10% duty on onions while being importing. 
 
Now the duties are going to be zero. So that should be good to create demand 
for those type of products for us into European markets. And again, that 
should help overall our food business. In overall scene, we are cautious right 
now, right, because of this unpredictable scenario related to major raw 
materials which we have in terms of the plastics, which we use in drip and 
pipe business. 
 
But overall, as things stabilize, I think revenues will come back and kick in 
again. And in terms of the food business, as I said, there are 2, 3 things which 
are happening, which are positive for the food for the next year. One of the 
other things which happened during this period that the lower demand was 
not just linked to the higher raw material prices, which was one of the 
important factors. 
 
But because of this war-type scenario, some of the agriculture produce, which 
farmers sell, like things like banana, which goes into export markets, banana, 
onion, grapes and so on, which are our primary customers as farmers, due to 
this whole war type scenario, the exports went down. 
 
So the price they were getting also went down and which was also a 
dampening reason for them at a given point of time. But from what we hear 
from the market, things have stabilized even on that front now, and farmers 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
are getting better prices for their produce now. So that should help them to 
make those purchase decisions they need to make. 
 
In terms of coming to financials now, I think if we look at the overall year, 
that whatever revenue and the EBITDA we generated, we were able to 
convert a substantial amount of EBITDA into free cash flow when I look at 
overall performance of the company. 
 
And that's important to know because that is what our really focus is going 
forward next year also that almost -- if you look at for the whole FY '26, 
whatever EBITDA we generated, almost about 76% was operating cash flow 
post working capital change was created in that to -- in north of about 
INR600 crores, and the idea in the current fiscal FY '27 is to take this amount 
to 4 figures by recovering the old government receivables and project 
receivables. 
 
So there was some movement in this particular quarter where some INR80 
crores were reduced in January to March from the government project 
receivables. And again, in April, we also received INR30 crores. And we 
expect FY '27 to be a year where substantial amount will come down so that 
from FY '28 onwards, we don't have to discuss about this issue because that 
would be behind us in totality. 
 
So our focus has remained on cash flow and the fact that we could generate 
INR600 crores of operating cash flow after working, I'd say, in August goods. 
And we also focused on working capital cycle and that working capital cycle 
has been reduced by almost about -- by 15 days in total across different 
businesses despite all the volatility and the changes which have been there in 
marketplace, including what happened in the March. 
 
So overall, when you look at business level, business level profitability, 
ability to collect cash to honor the obligation, '27 is important because while 
we -- last 4 years, we have been repaying all our obligations on the debt and 
on time. There are additional obligations in the current year, that is in FY '27. 
Those are due in September and March. 
 
And we feel that company would be able to generate adequate internal 
accruals to be able to take care of that matter. And by March, almost 98% of 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
the old debt, which we had, which was interest-bearing debt in terms of term 
loans and FITL, etc., that has all been fully repaid. 
 
About 1% or 2% remains, which is on an ongoing basis. And now this year, 
we repay 0% debt, the NCDs, which we're carrying in our books. So that's 
where we are. So all in all, some good news and some difficult times we have 
gone through in March and April. But I think structurally, speaking, business 
is in a good place. 
 
Our ability to be cost competitive and make good margins is there. And at 
least on drip irrigation business, etc., I think our margins are better than most 
of the companies because the fact that we sell system and we sell crop 
solutions rather than merely plastic products. 
 
And that is what is helping us as a company. Food is moving next year. I 
think domestically, food was already very strong this year. Next year also 
looks good for domestic business. And with the addition of the beverage 
business, food should do very well. And the hit we have taken into a couple 
of overseas businesses in food side should also not be there in FY '27. 
 
So overall, food should be okay. The Plastic business, especially the piping 
part, which is a domestic business, as things have stabilized, polymer prices 
now, PVC, especially has come down to a reasonable level, should create 
now sustained stable business environment. Plastic sheet business, which is 
overseas, is already doing reasonably well. 
 
So all in all, despite some of these headwinds, we think company should do 
better in FY '27 compared to '26 on all parameters. By and large, the revenue, 
the margins, the cash flow, all 3 parameters and balance sheet should 
definitely become far better than what it is today with a large chunk of 
repayment. 
 
That's what our focus is. And we think we need to prepare ourselves to face 
some of these uncertainty and challenges, mitigate some of these risks which 
are out there. So one has to be a little bit cautious, right? You can't go say, 
gung ho, I'm going to do things in a very different way. 
 
Another factor, the business which grew last year was also as a part of the Hi-
Tech division has been the solar agri pump. That business grew nicely. And 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
we expect with also additional government initiative, solar agri business 
should grow also in '27. So there are some places where I see definite growth 
opportunity. 
 
As I said, solar pump will grow. Drip irrigation, especially into the markets 
where farmers buy directly from us via dealers should continue to grow 
because it's a good solution for farmers to improve productivity and 
prosperity. And the food will do well. Plastic sheet overseas is already doing 
well. Pipe, which did not grow this year, we expect to grow next year. 
 
In terms of different businesses, I think in the current year, the domestic 
business grew about 12%. Exports were lower, less by almost 10% -- 10%, 
11%. And the retail business within that grew 13%. So our target is that the 
retail business should grow more than 15%, right? And that was in the 
current quarter also in the whole year, but we ended up at 13% because of 
lack of sales in March because of the shock. 
 
But I think going forward, our focus would remain that the domestic and the 
retail business should maintain that 15% plus growth. And export, we have to 
be watchful this year because of whole geopolitical scenario, the tariff issues, 
sometimes you can't ship, all kinds of issues. 
 
But even there, this year, I think we clocked exports of last year INR455 
crores from the earlier year of INR500 crores. So that was a 10% loss. But 
now with the depreciation of the rupee and rupee level, some of our products, 
especially on the food side, exports could become more competitive and that 
would help us. 
 
So I think this is where we are. So we are cautious. We remain focused. '27 is 
an important year. And -- but I think overall, we are in a good way, right, for 
the whole year, right? Again, our business quarter-to-quarter keep moving. 
But for the whole year, we should do well. 
 
And also one last item on the PAT, the reported PAT being negative was also 
the fact and that is covered in the notes was that we have opted this year to go 
for the new regime on the taxes at 25%. Earlier regime was 34%. And 
because of the earlier accumulated losses, we had created deferred tax assets 
based on 34% future tax rate. 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
 
Now the fact that we are moving to the new regime of 25%, that means we 
needed to unwind some of those earlier deferred taxes, which were created as 
an asset based on 34%. And that impact has already been given. It's a 
noncash impact, and that was -- that got necessitated because of the 
government circular in February, which said that if you decide not to move, 
then you could lose all the MAT credit, and we had MAT credit of more than 
INR80 crores. 
 
And therefore, that decision we have taken, it's a onetime hit. And for the 
whole year number, there was also a onetime change due to the Labour Code. 
Again, that was a noncash item. And usually, in our PAT number, also some 
of the unwinding of the 0% NCDs also comes through. That was another 
INR80 crores, which was also -- is a noncash item. 
 
So when you see reported PAT and if you add back some of these numbers, 
the adjusted PAT comes out to be quite positive for the company. Of course, 
we need to further do it and further improve it. 
 
And I think that's where our efforts are. So I would like to thank everybody 
for being patient and listening through almost half an hour of all the review 
of the business of where we stand, how '26 went and what are we expecting 
in '27. And as I said, '27 being somewhat uncertain year because of all these 
situations. We'll continually monitor what is happening. We are hands-on in 
terms of where we need to grow. 
 
And where necessary, we are employing within our business and within our 
data, artificial intelligence to improve the efficiency of business, improve 
training of people, how do we reach out to the dealers, how do we give more 
crop solutions to the farmer. So a lot of work is going on to create a more 
robust platform than we had in the past. 
 
Thank you, and we would be very happy to take any questions you might 
have. Thank you again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir, for your presentation. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be 
begin with the question and answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Praneeth from Samatva Investments. 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Praneeth: 
So we just wanted to understand in terms of the debt repayment. I understand 
that you mentioned with cash to be able to service it. But if you see our 
standalone business where most of our entities are, we don't have that much 
of cash flow. So could you explain how are you planning on servicing the 
debt, especially in previously, the management has indicated that you might 
restructure some portion of it and there might be a fund raise. 
 
There were many options given, but it is always vague on how are we 
planning on specifically paying this liability. So could the management 
explain what's the strategy now, whether there would be restructuring of debt 
or what is going to go? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes. I think that's a good question. The standalone business, which we have 
does generate certain amount of cash flow. And even the last year, I think in 
'25, '26, we generated net cash from operations about INR350 crores post 
working capital change. And part of was the increase in the receivables, etc., 
the fact that we would expect to cover these receivables, in fact, should go 
down about INR450 crores from the government. 
 
With all that calculation, we are expecting the INR350 crores to grow to 
almost about INR750 crores, INR800 crores is our anticipation. So while that 
is our clear objective that from internal accruals of standalone business is 
what we should be able to repay majority of these entities with [inaudible 
0:26:15]. 
 
In addition, we are expecting in the current year in standalone business, about 
INR150 crores of the government benefits. This is not linked to the projects 
or these are not subsidies. These are special benefits, which are good, which 
would be released by the government in the current year. And that amount 
would be also available to pay for this debt. 
 
In terms of the backup options, right, if things are delayed on the government 
projects or receivables, the backup options are always available about 
refinancing, backup option about raising of the equity, etc. Those are 
available. 
 
So -- but we feel fairly confident that we should be able to do through 
internal accruals. And I would like to state that, look, between '23 and '26 
since we signed restructuring, or since '22 in last 4 years, we also repaid 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
INR1,300 crores total to the banks, and that is possible. And it became 
possible. So companies are stronger today than, let's say, it was 3 or 4 years 
ago. So we feel okay and good that we can do this. 
 
In terms of backup option, I think we are exploring everything, including 
refinancing if required. And this scenario of what has happened in March and 
April necessitates some of the additional backup one must do because things 
are uncertain. And we are exploring those. And I think sometimes in July, 
when we speak, we should have more clarity on it. 
 
Now as I also explained, this debt is -- smaller amount of debt is due in 
September and majority amount of debt is due in March. So it's 10 months 
away. I think we have necessary wherewithal to ensure that it will be paid 
properly. 
Praneeth: 
Understood, sir. But like we have always had like many of these backup 
options in terms of asset sales and government receivables and all of that in 
the past also to prepay or whatever it is. But we have not -- most of them tend 
to work out. So how fairly confident are you in terms of getting the 
government receivables, that it be the benefit or the project receivables? 
 
And like in terms of everything got delayed, I understand the management is 
doing everything from their behalf, but it is -- and it's not very far apart. 10 
months is not that long. And the next payment in September, that is also not 
too long. With the existing situation, it looks like still to be difficult. 
 
And we are also doing a lot of capex in the food business where it has its own 
commitments. So overall, this is how -- because it got delayed so far, I'm just 
curious on where -- how confident is the management in terms of doing that 
because neither we did it with IPO in terms of liquidity. And we have -- and 
land also got delayed. So is there any other backup option of the restructuring 
that's already said because getting financing in this market also could be 
difficult, right? 
Anil Jain: 
No asset sale actually about the land is also in -- we kind of signed the MoU, 
etc. It's based in Tamil Nadu. There were recent elections there. So it is 
expected to be closed this month, next month. So when I -- overall, right, so 
also you talked about government projects and the delay. 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
 
The scenario is that in terms of the government projects, now I think 4 major 
projects have been completed. So funds have to come. Earlier, there was still 
last milestone was not done and so on and so forth. That's in place. The 
government benefit I talked about, we got the approvals only in July, August. 
So payment has to only take place this year. It could not have been done 
earlier. 
 
So when I'm saying something, it's based on being conservative and also 
doing thorough analysis. So -- and as I said, September part, we already 
know how that would happen. The March part, there is some more work 
needs to be done. I think as I said, we have 10 months, and we are very 
confident that this will be done, no issues. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sanjay Kohli from Goldstone 
Capital. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
As a follow-up to the previous speaker's question about the debt 
management, there was a recent report by ICRA on the ratings update, which 
they provided. And that has mentioned a very advanced level of talks about 
sale, which should crystallize sometime this month. Where are we with that, 
sir? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes. So I think the sale of the assets, as I said, it is happening in Tamil Nadu. 
We already signed the necessary MoU or whatever else. So it should happen 
over next couple of weeks. So that's in place. So that's what I'm saying. So 
these things are happening now, and we feel fairly confident that's not an 
issue. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Okay. So that's wonderful news because this would be a very nice near-term 
catalyst for investors to be also looking at the valuation? 
Anil Jain: 
Sure, sure. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Yes. And what progress have we made in the U.K. business and in the 
bottling plant? And since we made the announcement, what sort of cash 
generation from operations, what has been pumped into these businesses so 
far, the amount if we can get a handle on the -- basically on the capital work 
in progress or the investment collectively -- individually and collectively? 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Anil Jain: 
No. So the bottling beverage business, we have invested approximately 
INR140 crores over the last couple of quarters, December and March quarter. 
And the first project is already online. It's working. We do not have to put 
any working capital because that's how the business works and business has 
started functioning. 
 
In terms of the U.K. business, which was a different question, where we have 
grown this year from, I think, GBP 60 million to GBP 68 million on the food 
side, but there were some challenges related to cost because of the growth, 
which we were achieving, there were additional costs attached to it. And 
those costs, I think, will not be there in FY '27. 
 
So I think we should get back to higher level of EBITDA into that business. 
But overall revenues are protected good. In a market which is not growing 
much, the fact that we could grow about 12% was quite nice. So as I said, if 
you look at overall business, the food business, the seasons for Onion and 
Mango look good with rupee depreciation, that should further help. 
 
And the beverage is a new project, which has already started. So that augurs 
well. And the negative, which we had in U.K. -- especially U.K. market and 
partly U.S. market, should not be there in FY '27. So overall, food business 
should come back very quite strongly. Even though in the current year, food 
business did better than earlier in terms of revenue and EBITDA, both they 
grew for 9%. But next year should be better in both. 
 
And as I said, because of the current uncertainty, I don't want to talk of any 
numbers where we'll end up because everything is disturbed one way or the 
other. But overall, directionally, I think it is quite positive. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sumit Kumar from Magadh 
Securities. 
Sumit Kumar: 
Sir, my first question is regarding PAT. So a lot of hard work is going on and 
have been done in the past. But still we are -- on PAT front, we are not on 
positive side. So can you give me some time that from this quarter, we are 
expected to be PAT positive? Sir, it seems like we are working just for 
unpaid employees of banks. 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
 
Whatever the EBITDA is, major chunk is going for financing the debt and 
debt is increasing rather than decreasing, it is increasing on as per the data 
basis. So can you give me some time line that from that quarter, we would be 
PAT positive? 
Anil Jain: 
So I think that's a good question. For FY '27, right, our plan right now is to be 
PAT positive. But I want to just bring attention to one part, right? That's a 
pain felt by us also, right, that whether you are unpaid employees of the 
banks after doing all the work. But when you look at the PAT, for example, 
for the entire -- the PAT is at minus INR40 crores. 
 
But within that INR40 crores, these were onetime issues plus the unwinding 
of these NCDs, which is a noncash item and not linked to the current year 
performance. If you adjust that adjusted PAT and which we have given in the 
investor presentation also on Slide 9 is about INR133 crores, which was 
INR97 crores earlier. 
 
So there is an improvement in the PAT which we have earned on a cash 
basis. But on a PAT reported basis, it is negative. But I think the whole idea 
of thought process from next year onwards, right, is that you must earn the 
PAT even post any adjustment, if any, to be on positive so that you have a 
positive EPS. So that's what we are striving for, and it should happen from 
next year. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Parag Khare from PK Investments. 
Parag Khare: 
Sir, I joined slightly late. I missed some of your opening remarks. How are 
we doing in terms of bottling plant progress? And how much we expect? And 
if you can just tell with whom which we are doing the partnership and what 
kind of revenue we expect from the bottling plant lines because this being the 
summer season, a peak time. So what's your estimates for Q1 from the 
bottling plant side? 
Anil Jain: 
So I think the 2 lines which we set up have already started working part of 
February and March. But of course, there is the initial period trials and all of 
that, those have happened. And we already had, I think, about INR27 crores, 
INR28 crores revenue clocked before end of March. I can't give you the 
details of exactly what is happening now, but the overall season is going well. 
We are running both the lines quite well right now as we speak. 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
 
And the rest of the season goes and all of that, the next year revenue should 
be good for both of these lines. And there is a discussion that we should do 
additional 3 more lines, I think by investment in December, January. But 
most of that revenue will come -- some of it will come in the fourth quarter, 
but most of the revenue for the additional 3 lines should come into the next 
fiscal year. So that's where we are. It looks very positive. And we think this is 
going to be very good for the overall food business. 
Parag Khare: 
Okay. And are we getting closer in terms of doing the IPO for the food 
division or we're still some distance away? 
Anil Jain: 
Generally, we are some distance away because of also merchant bankers tell 
us that the market right now has difficulties and smaller issues, especially 
larger difficulties. If you have a very big issue, then it's a different story. So 
that is something I think we need to continue to look at market. 
 
And based on the advice from merchant bankers, investment bankers, who 
will look at it. But I don't see that immediately happening, at least not in the 
first half. We will see how things change post some of these uncertainties go 
away in the second half. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Ravi Kumar from Wadhva. 
Ravi Kumar: 
I just want -- the market rumors that the beverage partnership and the Tomato 
Puree partnership is with Reliance Consumer Packs and Kagome, would 
management be able to confirm or deny this? 
Anil Jain: 
No, we don't want to confirm or deny. In a sense that Kagome is a global 
international player, and we are working with them. They have been our 
customers for Tomato Puree earlier, and we are working with them to 
increase what you call partnership more. Also, we are definitely working with 
Reliance Consumer. They are also our customers, and we are doing more 
things with them. 
 
As we do also, for example, Coca-Cola has been our customers for 15, 20 
years. We work with Nestle, Unilever, all different types of people, the global 
food companies, Indian companies. And again, I think as things evolve, we 
would be discussing more details out there. But things are moving in positive 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
direction. There is a very strong undercurrent of the opportunity which is out 
there on the beverages, on overall food business. 
Ravi Kumar: 
Okay. Just a follow-up -- not a follow-up question. Sir, when February 4, 
when we had our results for the Q3, I mean, at least at that point of time, we 
were looking at overall Y-o-Y 15%. That would mean we are in Q4, we are 
almost short by -- in revenue, we are short by around INR200 crores to 
INR250 crores. I understand you gave details. 
 
Could you just be able to unbox this INR200 crores, INR250 crores by 
various segments? Where did we lose? And just linked to that, I mean, Feb 
end is when this whole uncertainty started. So the March was a troubled one. 
I can understand we would have had a margin impact because of the raw 
material price increase. How did it impact the revenue part? If you can just -- 
I'm sure there must be reasons. If you can just give us a little bit more detail 
on that? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes. I think -- see, usually, if you think the drip and pipe which we sell to the 
farmers, the first crop, the kharif crop comes through January, right? January, 
early February, then the farmer fields remain open. So our season, real season 
starts in March, then March, April, May, June, before the monsoon, we sell a 
lot these 4 months. And then monsoon, there is a lean season, again, July, 
August, September. 
 
And then post the monsoon, again, business picks up. That's the nature of the 
business. And when early February, when we spoke, right, we were 
anticipating because of the earlier good monsoon, a very strong season 
happening through March onwards. And that is when this war stuck. 
 
And I have day-wise details, right? In first 15 days, the prices of PVC were 
up by, I think, 30%, prices of polyethylene went up by 30%, 35%, which are 
the raw material related to PVC and drip business, which is what kicks in that 
time. And the farmers decided to postpone their purchases. Then they got 
impacted also because of the lower produce prices for themselves. 
 
And that is what -- so the entire reduction, about INR200 crores, INR250 
crores is linked to this pricing shock in March. Otherwise, our overall 
revenue for fourth quarter should have been -- for standalone, which was 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
about INR1,000 crores, was about -- should have been about more than 
INR1,250 crores in that region. 
 
So -- but despite that, if you see overall margins have remained same. So 
overall EBITDA for the domestic standalone business for the fourth quarter is 
higher than the same period last year. So imagine a scenario, if we had done 
INR200 crores, INR250 crores, EBITDA would have been higher by about 
INR25 crores at least. 
Ravi Kumar: 
Exactly. Sir, but for March, whatever we have already had an inventory… 
Anil Jain: 
Yes, yes. So I think March -- I would answer the question. I heard you that 
there is -- of course, there is an inventory. So question is the farmers 
postponed, in general, the purchase decision because when the raw material 
prices -- you average out the pricing, right? When you're buying raw material 
at X, then next week or after 2 weeks, you buy at Y and then that. 
 
So you always average your raw material price and your finished goods 
prices. And so that's the industry practice, and that's what we did also. And 
partly, as I said, the farmer postponed decisions to purchase also was not just 
due to this price shock, but the fact that the end produce prices for them went 
down because the exports of some of these agri and food commodities also 
went down at the same time because of the shock. 
 
So that is the reason, and that's why we fell short because we were planned 
and ready. But as I said, things have started coming back now, what has gone 
is gone. And we still manage a reasonably good level of EBITDA for the 
whole year and for -- and a growth for this quarter also, but it could have 
been much better. So I think we can move forward to the next question. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Ankit Bansal from AV Private India. 
Ankit Bansal: 
Sir, how are you looking at the current scenario like with global environment, 
with domestic environment? How are you positioning yourself as a company, 
which has been coming from the last struggling 4 years? How are you seeing 
your businesses? Because you are in a lot of businesses. 
 
My question mainly is that why not focus on the main part of the business 
like food and beverages. Your pipe business is not doing -- I think so in 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
North India, I have not seen any presence of your company. What are your 
comments on that? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes. I think, see, the company has been configured to operate across agri 
value chain. So just to quickly refresh everybody, we have Hi-Tech division 
where we provide to farmers the drip irrigation, the pipe, which goes along 
with the drip irrigation and also the tissue culture, the planting material. 
 
Then we also buy from farmers what they grow and we process the fruits, 
make the pulp and now the beverages. So we are across the agri value chain, 
right? We can't pick and choose that's how company is structured and 
configured. But your question is valid that how much do we sell in North. 
 
So our sales for the piping business are far more in Western and Southern 
India, but they are growing in North. I think because our base is lower in 
North, the percentage growth, in fact, is higher now. And we have a 
manufacturing plant in Alwar near Delhi and within Rajasthan. And we are 
adding capacity into that to grow more into North. We are also adding more 
dealers. 
 
So I think the situation that our brand is not visible in North would change 
over next, I think, 12- to 18-month period. But all in all, the pipes are linked 
to irrigation. They are linked to the farmer. So this is a consolidated offering, 
and that is a unique point, right? Yes, you mentioned that we have struggled 
4 years. 
 
But within this period, we also repaid a substantial amount of debt. Company 
has increased its retail business. Company has increased the dealer network. 
The margins are better today than, let's say, they were 3 or 4 years ago. So 
those are the positives. 
 
And now with this year in FY '27, the substantial amount of debt gets paid. 
Thereafter, company can be very focused on the growth agenda because 
whatever positive cash flow it generates, it can go into the growth. And there 
is still a lot of growth in this country left, and we are also export oriented. 
 
So when medium term, right, if I think of 3, 4 years, we are very, very 
positive. And even for the next year, we are being very cautious when we 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
speak because things are uncertain. We do not know what holds for any or all 
of us, and we will see how that goes, but we are preparing ourselves for that. 
Ankit Bansal: 
Okay. Sir, one question, sir, about drip irrigation, like it's the major 
technology. Why it is not changed in Northern India? I have never ever seen 
drip irrigation projects in district like Haryana, like Delhi, like Jammu and 
Kashmir, like Punjab. So why it's not changing all over India, why it's 
changing only southern part of India? 
 
Why it's not capturing all over India? It's a win-win technology, sir. Why it's 
not -- everybody is not using it. Why -- what's that big hole that is not -- that 
country is not adopting to this technology? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes. Again, that's a good question. So if I really look at that FY '26, right, 
how much drip we sold where in terms of different regions. So Maharashtra, 
just to give you a flavor of the numbers, right, Maharashtra, we sold INR700 
crores. South 4 states put together, we sold INR400-odd crores. 
 
Then in the West, West is then Gujarat, MP, that part, Rajasthan, that was 
INR250 crores. The rest of the North, we sold about INR88 crores. So it is 
not that we don't sell, INR88 crores. And North East part, we sold about 
INR100 crores. So we are selling. 
 
And in fact, if I look at in North, last year sales were INR75 crores. This 
year, they were INR88 crores. So there is a 20% growth. East last year, our 
sale was INR60 crores. This year is INR107 crores. 
 
So there is a substantial increase there also. So the reason North has less 
demand today, and I would underline the word today for drip is typically in 
West and South, if farmer needs to irrigate his farm and if he needs to take 
the groundwater, for example, he needs to go down 100 feet, 200 feet, 300 
feet. In places like UP and Bihar, a lot of places, you go down 10 feet and 
you get water. So the value of the water understanding is less in North. 
 
But you talked about Haryana. Let's talk about Punjab, right? There are these 
rivers and the canals and the farmer keep on getting water. They keep on 
getting free electricity. They don't want to save. 
 
And if they are growing just wheat and rice, the government is buying. 
They're not worried about marketing. The farmers in West and South, right, 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
they are growing value-added agriculture. They want to make more 
production, so they want to employ drip because drip just doesn't save water, 
but improves productivity and production by 50% for these farmers, they 
make a lot more money. 
 
Some of our customers in West and South are making INR2 lakh, INR3 lakh, 
INR4 lakh per acre per year net profit. And some of the farmers in Northern 
India are also doing. We have cases of farmers in Bihar, UP, Punjab, 
Haryana. Number is small, right? But they are now doing very well. 
 
They are growing crops like banana, moving beyond wheat and rice. So -- 
and we have now started drip on the rice also. So what happens is that 
sometimes it takes time. 
 
And now I believe, right, if last 20 to 30 years, Western and Southern India 
has used drip as a technology to change the farming and to improve the 
farmer incomes. I think over the next 5 to 7 years, that's going to happen in 
North and Northeast. 
 
And it has already started. I gave you the numbers that we are already 
growing in these areas, but this is small. But I think over the next 2, 3 years, 
as we get more dealers to push forward and as the farmers also are doing 
more value-added agriculture, a lot more drip would get sold there. 
Ankit Bansal: 
Okay. Sir, one question, last question. Sir, Coffee MoU, how far it has gone 
that you have signed with J&K government? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes. The Coffee MoU we started -- we signed with the Coffee Board. And 
there, our first drip irrigation systems have been delivered to the coffee 
grower. Again, it is happening for the kind of first time in the world that 
coffee, they are using these advanced irrigation methods. We already have 
good sales in J&K. 
 
There, the MoU was to work with the irrigation technologies into crops like 
saffron because -- and apple, that is what has grown more in Northern India. 
And there also, we have a good success. And we think J&K using the 
technology can modernize its apple garden and apple orchards. 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
 
And then India does not have to import apple because today, our productivity 
is quite low. So we're working with the local farmers there to change the 
entire package of agriculture practices into a product like apple. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would like to 
hand the conference over to the management for the closing remarks. Over to 
you, team. 
Anil Jain: 
Yes. So I think already just to summarize what I said, the last couple of 
months have been challenging into the business, but things are stabilizing. 
And so there are green shoots. Growth is back. Farmers have started coming 
with orders. 
 
So that's positive. Overall, food looks as a much positive year for '27. Drip 
continues to remain quite good margins and profitable for us. And our focus 
this year is on cash flow as one most important priority to ensure that we are 
able to take care of the significant amount of debt which is falling due this 
year, but we are very confident that it would happen in time. 
 
And we have taken necessary steps and we have backup options to ensure 
that we will come through well on that. And '28 onwards, business is focused 
purely on growth because internal accruals and cash flow would provide the 
huge support for the growth across all 3 businesses we have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of DRChoksey Finserv Private 
Limited and Jain Irrigation Systems, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
