,o
SUPREME PETROCHEM LTD
Regd. Office:
Solitaire Corporate Park, Building No. 11,Sth Floor, 167, Guru Hargovindji Marg'
Andheri-Ghatkopar Link Road, Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai-400 093. INDIA
@ :91-22-6709 1900 Fax -022-4005 5681 o CIN: L23200MH1989P1C054633
Website : www.supremepelrochem.com r Email : corporate@spl.co'in
Date: April 30,2026
Ref: CFA/CS/86/AGM 37 12026-2027
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
I't Floor, Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code - 500405
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra East,
Mumbai - 400 051
Symbol - SPLPETRO
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call of Supreme Petrochem Ltd ('The Company')
Ref: Resulation 30 of Securities and Exchanse Board of India (Listins Oblisations & Disclosure
Requirements) Resulations" 2015 ('Listins Resulations')
Please refer our letter dated April 22,2026, wherein we had informed that Earnings Conference Call of
the company will be held on April 28, 2026 to discuss Q4|FY25-26 earnings.
In this regard, pursuant to Regulation 30 of Listing Regulations, Transcript of the Conference Call is
enclosed herewith.
This intimation along with the transcript will also be uploaded on the website of the Company at
www. supremepetrochem.com.
This is for your information and record.
Thanking you.
Yours faithfully,
For Supreme
h
Ltd
D. N.
hra
A.V.P
& Company Secretary
ala
AEO
SPL
ISO 900ii2015
ISO 14001:2015
ISO 45001;2010
BUREAU UEBITAS
Ceililication
UKAS
Certificate No. lNAAACS7249C3F258
DEOKI 
NANDAN 
MISHRA
Digitally signed by DEOKI NANDAN MISHRA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=tpehx1780jc2gnwda6msqbvyo
5flk349, 
2.5.4.20=04f9b598e2d68ac5a6fce5a8da5164
eedfc24ad14d210d2789b756bbb04147fa, 
postalCode=400065, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=74961a4d1274034a2235aa1e
69869e264ec54d83cbd88c765a5cd337858d
2f61, cn=DEOKI NANDAN MISHRA 
Date: 2026.04.30 18:49:35 +05'30'

a\,
(1 ser I)
\-2
Supreme Petrochem Limited
Q4 & Financial Year 2026 Earnings Conference Call
April28,2026
Moderator:
Purvangi Jain:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call of
Supreme Petrochem Limited.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in a listen-only mode and there will be an
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on
your touchtone phone.
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and
over to you, ma'am.
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all' My name is
purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. We represent the lnvestor Relations of Supreme
Petrochem Limited.
On behalf of the Company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the Company's
Earnings Call for the 4th Quarter & Financial Year ended 2026.
Before we begin, let me mention a quick cautionary statement:
Some of the statements made in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature' Such
forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which could cause actual
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management belief as
well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the management,
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's Earnings Conference
Call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the Company's fundamental business and
financial performance for the quarter under review.
Now, let me introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's Earnings Call.
We have with us Mr. Rakesh Nayyar - Executive Director and cFo, Mr. Dilip Deole - chief
Executive Officer of Finance and Accounts, and Mr. D. N. Mishra - Company Secretary.
without any delay, I request Mr. Rakesh Nayyar to start with his opening remarks. Th
? 'i l/r
SPL
and over to you, sir
Page 1 of 17

Rakesh Nayyar:
a\,
([ ser I]
Thank you, Purvangi. Good evening, everyone. lt's a pleasure to welcome you to the ,.:N 
y'
Conference Call for the 4th Quarter and the Financial Year 2026.
We will give you a brief overview of the performance for the quarter ended 31st March:
On a standalone basis, the revenue from the operations for the 4th Quarter stood at INR
l-,587 crores, reflecting a growth of 3% year-on-year. The 4th Quarter is typically a strong
quarter for the Company, supported by seasonally higher demand generally.
The performance during the quarter was driven by higher volumes and better spreads.
Styrene monomer prices remained stable during the quarter, except when it witnessed sharp
jump in the month of March. The operating EBITDA stood at INR 253 crores, reflecting a
growth of TSY|year-on-year, with operating EBITDA margins improving lo 15.9%'
The total EBITDA was at INR 264 crores, including the other income. The net profit after tax
stood at INR 168 crores, with a PAT margin of I0'59% for the quarter.
For the Financial Year 2026, the revenue from operations stood at INR 5338 crores. This is
reflecting a decline of LL% year-on-year, primarily on account of lower average styrene
monomer price during the year. Average styrene monomer prices were lower by around I7/o
compared to the previous year, which resulted in lower realizations despite nominal volume
growth, The operating EBITDA stood at INR 515 crores, with the total EBITDA being at INR 558
crores, with a margin ol 10.37%, and a net profit margin at INR 327 crores, with a margin of
613%.
On the operational front, the sales volume of manufactured products increased to 100,664
tons in Quarter 4,2026, as against 95,556 tons in Quarter 4,2025, reflecting a growth of
about 5.4%. For the full year, volumes stood at 363,203 metric tons, as compared to 355,967
metric tons in last year, reflecting a growth of about2%.
Demand from OEM segments remained healthy during the quarter, while non-OEM segments
witnessed some softness, and capacity utilization for the year remained healthy at over 80%.
The volumes reported are a net of approximately 14,000 tons of the products being
transferred and consumed internally for compounding and in the use for XPS installation
board and hence are not included in the external sales volumes.
On the raw material front, styrene monomer prices remained largely stable until February
2026, within a range of (+l-IA%), However, prices increased sharply in March 2026, following
the West Asia conflict and disruption in supply through the Strait of Hormuz. Styrene
monomer prices rose from around S1,OOO per ton prior to the conflict to
approximately $1,OSO perton and have since moderated to around S1,500 perton
a peak of
k
Page 2 of 17
*
P
5\

Moderator:
Aditya Khetan:
(Gil
whire the shipments from the Middle East were impacted during the month, compa.;X y'
able to meet domestic demand through sufficient inventory material in transit and sourcing
from alternate geographies. Adequate arrangements have been made to ensure raw material
availability going forward in the coming months, and the situation will ease only once the
normal shipping through the Strait of Hormuz resumes,
With regard to our CAPEX projects, manufacturing operations of the maas ABS plant have
restarted with modified arrangements and are currently operating at around 65% of the
design capacity, pending restoration of the impacted equipment' The product has been well
accepted in the market, and we are pleased to inform that the EPS Phase-ll expansion project
at our Nagothane complex was successfully commissioned on April 14,2026, enhancing the
EPS capacity from 85,000 tons per annum to 115,000 tons per annum at Amdoshi complex'
On the balance sheet side, the Company continues to remain debt-free with an investable
surplus of INR 700 crores as at the end of March 2026. All capital expenditure continues to be
funded through internal accruals.
The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of INR 8 per equity share along
with the interim dividend of INR 2.5 per share declared earlier. The total dividend for the year
stands at INR 10.5 per equity share of face value of INR 2 each.
With this, I conclude my opening remarks. We are now open to the floor for question-and-
answer session, Thank You,
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session' Ladies and
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We will take the
first question from the line of Aditya Khetan from Smifs lnstitutional Equities. Please go
a hea d.
Yes, thank you, sir, for the opportunity. so, just a couple of questions and congrats on a good
set of numbers also, So, my first question is, is it possible to quantify the inventory gains in
this quarter or a ballpark figure, if you can give? And consequent to this, suppose if the
situation into the West Asia stabilizes, when are we expecting that to come to an end and
subsequently in inventory losses, if you would take, so that would be booked in Ql" or Q2, any
sense on that, sir?
Aditya, it's very difficult, very, very difficult to estimate the gains or the inventory gain or loss
at the moment. Because even in the month of March when the prices of the raw material
increased and the shipments which were to be loaded, they were stopped. so, some
consignments had to be arranged at very high prices, So, it's very difficult to estimate that.
And going forward also, similarly, when the situation normalizes and our inventories on the
high seas or inventories in stock here, what losses will happen, nobody knows' lt
r.r
Rakesh Nayyar:
Page 3 of 17
+ sPt

Aditya Khetan
Rakesh Nayyar
Aditya Khetan
Rakesh Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan
Rakesh Nayyar:
a\,
(1 ser I)
difficult to assume, Because the last month the prices were at s1,650 a ton, and ar.rNy'
are ruling around $1,500 a ton. So, this is something which is very dynamic, and estimating
this is very, very difficult, rather next to impossible at the moment.
Okay, got it, sir, Sir, follow on to this question. Suppose if the prices stabilize at these levels,
how do you see the demand from the end-user industries? Are OEMs still on their way to
make contracts at these higher prices or they are waiting so that prices come down and then
they start buying off the finished products? Any idea on that, sir?
OEMs are buying, but then we are not entering into contracts at the moment because the
situation is so fluid that what assumptions to be made now in the current scenario for the
raw material pricing and the other expenses to procure the raw material, the shipping costs
have gone up, the freight costs are up, so it's very difficult to assume. And with OEMs, we
have agreed that we will be doing contracts once the situation normalizes, Secondly, as far as
the demand is concerned, the demand from the OEM sectors is good, but in the non-OEM
sector, the demand has taken a big beating atthe moment, particularly because 1") The prices
are high, 2) The labor is also not available, the contract laborers has gone back to their
villages and 3) For some processing, one needs gas and gas is not available to industry or in
short supply.
Sir, what would be our raw material cycle or how much inventory we keep in the pipeline?
And secondly, sir, if you can quantify also how much are we procuring styrene monomers
from Gulf countries versus China versus US?
It is suffice to say that as far as domestic market is concerned, we will continue to meet the
demand, and we are meeting the demand. We will source the material, and we will meet the
domestic demand. That is our focus right now. And all our customers are being supplied
material as and when they require it'
Got it. Sir, coming to ABS, as per our latest filing that the capacity design has been modified
to make at 65%of the rated capacity earlier. so, is this the new normal or like, so this 65%
can go to 1-00% as and when, so that technical failure will be resolved?
Once the failure gets resolved we will go to 1,00%. Equipment which failed has been isolated
and the collaborators have provided us some alternate arrangements by which we can
operate original capacity al 65%. our capacity which was 70,000, for the time being, it is now
reduced to say 45,000 tons,
Got it, sir, in the presentation we have stated some, so 14,000 tons of mass ABS we have
produced, and we have used it for the compounding, so, this 14,000 tons of ABS has been
manufactured in the month of March only, right? so, 1"4,000 seems a good figure, some
r
Aditya Khetan
odd utilization
Page 4 of 17
+

Rakesh Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan
Rakesh Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan
Rakesh Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Moderator:
Rahul Agarwal:
z\,
([ ser I)
We have not said 14,000 tons of ABS. What we have said is polystyrene and ABS "' *)*y'
tons produced and transferred for processing and compounding purposes. So, in the sales,
this number does not come because these are an inter-divisional transfer. When you look at
our sales volumes, that is net of these transfers. 5o, they have been produced in our other
verticals and consumed in our compounding divisions'
Got it, sir, sir, just one last question. sir, any target volume guidance for FY27 for base
volumes as well as for ABS, separate, sir, if you can give it.
No, I have only one volume number to give, lf normalcy returns by June end, 2nd Quarter
onwards things are normal, then we expect that with ABS operational, we should be able to
do 8% to 10% volume growth this year.
But that seems low, sir, like considering ABS also is now started at 65% plus base business
volume of EPS L5.23. That number looks slightly lower, sir'
Because the 1st Quarter, we don't know where we are at the moment'
Okay
That too is what I am saying is subject to the complete normal situation being there from the
2nd Quarter onwards. Exports one can export to Europe today only thru cape of Good Hope'
The shipping time has increased, the freight rates have gone up' So, it is not the normal
business conditions for exPorts.
sorry to interrupt in between, Aditya. I have a kindly request you to rejoin the queue again
for more questions. Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Rahul Agarwal
from lkigai Asset Managers. Please go ahead.
Hi, sir. very good evening. Thank you for the opportunity and good sets of challenging
environment, good numbers. Just starting with a couple of questions, mostly on pricing and
then on sourcing of raw materials. so, on pricing, sir, for ABS and polystyrene both, what is
the import price right now we are getting quotes for, like typical from an lndian industry
perspective? And when we compare that to what are supreme sales on mass ABS or
polystyrene, is that import parity pricing or does the rupee depreciate? so, is it similar? ls
there a large difference there?
For the commodity grades, the base price is linked to landed price of imported material. Then
one adds some premium here for the cost involved. so, for the commodity grade the base
for the price decision is the landed price. But for the value added grades, price differential is
entirely different. There are different calculations for that. And as far as the price of the
imported material coming in, we have not heard of any PS imports coming in or b
L/
ti\
Rakesh Nayyar:
Page 5 of 17
*
\\

Rahul Agarwal:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal
Rakesh Nayyar
Rahul Agarwal:
Z\
([ s''-r1
recently. so, lcan't comment what prices the PS now will come, ABS, we heard that rN-z
imports have been booked at s2,3oo and 52,400. And they may arrive now or in May or
sometime later, So, early March, we had heard when the West Asia war started that the
polystyrene at $1,650 or S1,700 was booked. This may arrive sometimes in May, lndian
prices, as far as the commodity grades are concerned, they're generally in line with the
landed prices plus the costs involved.
But lshould assume that polystyrene, whatever the lndian pricing is, is in line with what
imported materials are there.
Yes, commodity grades, of the general grades, yes
Which basically means that on a quarter-on-quarter basis, we want to see polystyrene right
now selling at what price, sir? Almost like INR 170-180 a kg?
They're all different, depending upon grade-to-grade
Got it Sir moving ahead on the raw material side, similar question. You mentioned styrene
pricing right now spot at S1,500. ls it like whatever inflation we have seen on raw material,
and you also mentioned you're not booking new contracts with OEMs, there's going to be
more spot sales, lthink. Should lassume it's L00% pass-through and customers are okay
buying at that higher price and there's no hit on margin?
I said to the gentleman Aditya that the non-OEM market demand is dented at the moment.
It's subdued also because of the high prices. As far as OEMs are concerned, it's the season for
them, so they are buying, at the increased prices only. lt's not that we don't want to enter
into a contract with the OEMs, The OEMs have been our old partners, and we have been
engaging with the OEMs from the beginning and we supply to practically all the OEMs in the
country, lt's only that the situation is so fluid in terms of the raw material prices, the freight
costs, and other attributes which we consider that it is not fair to do a contract at this
moment. Once the situation normalizes, then we will enter into our regular contracts with
them,
And last question, then lwill get back in the queue, On the raw material sourcing side, when I
look at the balance sheet, at 600 crores of inventory, it looks pretty stable on a y-o-y basis in
terms of days of sales, Don't you think that companies actually stock more material? Anyway,
the supplies were impacted in the 4th Quarter. Going forward, you mentioned you will
ensure that domestic demand is completely met, 100%. Could you just elaborate on this
sourcing part? Where are you getting styrene from? lncremental pricing, how should we look
at it?
Page 6 of 17
*
\\

Rakesh Nayyar
Rahul Agarwal:
Moderator:
Manish Ostwal:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Manish Ostwal
Rakesh Nayyar:
Manish Ostwal:
Moderator:
Nirav Jimodia
a\,
([ se'-'t)
The incremental pricing will get passed on to the consumers here. only except *n..F 
-z
prices really start dropping, then we may have an inventory loss. lt's all a play of market
supply and demand today. And as far as the sourcing of material is concerned, we source
some from Asia and from China at the moment.
Got it. Very clear, Rakeshji. I will get back in the queue. Thank you
The next question is from the line of Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang Securities. Please go
a head.
Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and good set of numbers. sir, I have only one question
about the Haryana CAPEX thing, Can you update what is the status and what is the CAPEX
plan for the FY'27?
As far as Haryana is concerned, because the IOC's styrene monomer plant is delayed, as far as
our polystyrene or EPS projects are concerned, we are not committing any expense for that
at the moment. we are going to spend some money, but that will be more on the
infrastructure and on the other related activities. Because once we have more clarity on the
IOC's SM plant commissioning date, then only we will put in the big monies for the PS and
EpS. Otherwise, we are planning to do some work in regard to the other units there this year.
And the CAPEX for the FY-27, sir?
For the year, I don't have the separate numbers for Panipat, but for the year, for the
Company as a whole, we will be doing around Rs.250 crores.
All right, sir, Thank you very much.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Jimodia from Anvil Wealth. Please go
ahead
Yes, sir. Good afternoon and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, a few questions. So, first is on
the consumption of ABS and PS. so, like ABS on a monthly basis, we are close to around
25,000, 26,000 tons some months, maybe higher also. And for PS, we are currently close to
around 30,000 tons a month. So, you mentioned that the OE demand were impacted during
the quarter because of the reasons you mentioned on. lf you can just help us understand
what could be the demand coming from the non-OEM sector out of this total consumption of
PS and EPS on a monthly basis, some understanding, sir.
I said the non-OEM market was impacted. Particularly in the month of April, not till March' ln
the month of April, the non-OEM demand is impacted. And as far as the division between the
oEM and non-oEM is concerned, I would say for both categories, you can take ro
around 50-50 or 45%for OEM and 55%tor non-OEM
t;o
i4
SPL
Rakesh Nayyar:
Page 7 ol 17
t

Nirav Jimodia
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimodia
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimodia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimodia
a\,
(l sel'l)
correct. so, this is 55% of the demand which was impacted, ls it possible,o rr. rNz
quantum in terms of how much itwould have reduced? 5o, let's say on a base of 100, which it
was pre-war, how much it would have fallen in the month of April and May?
Too early to estimate that because in April only it started' So, once the quarter closes, will we
have better numbers then.
Correct,5ir, you mentioned about the styrene sourcing, like when we see the global map,
let's say consumption of around 30-33 million tons of global consumption, where China is
close to around 18 and we are at around 1,5 in terms of the global consumption. So, when we
see the upstream of styrene, let's say benzene and ethylene or let's say slightly above that to
Naptha, even china is importing everything. so, howthey have been able to manage in terms
of their captive consumption of styrene and also have some exportable surplus which could
come to us, A, and B, if you can share your similar thoughts on acrylonitrile because then for
ABS, this becomes a very critical raw material, So, from where the ACN part is currently
coming from?
As far as ethylene and benzene is concerned, China is not fully dependent for this' They have
their own internal production but for some part of it they are dependent' They were till now
buyingthecrudefromRussiaaswell asfromlran. Theyhavesomedifficultiesthere,butthen
to that extent, their installed capacity was 18 million tons, but their own consumption was
not 18 million tons of styrene monomer, it was less. And they are using surplus capacity now
and they are able to export,
And sir, for the ACN, if you can share your thoughts. Sorry?
ACN, we have not faced any difficulty till now. One, we have our own sufficient stock with us
and some supplies were in the pipeline, they have come for us, And going forward also, we
are getting it right now. We are getting it from the other geographies'
correct. so, last time in our conference call, you updated about onboarding some larger
customers for Xmold, And you also mentioned that one of the bigger OEM, which was like a
third OEM, we had a good discussion, which probably could come on board with us' So, if you
can help us understand like, has that customer been onboarded A and B how do we see the
Xmold volumes picking up in FY27? 5o, first, if you can share your thoughts on the utilization
part in FY26. And how are we seeing FY27 for Xmold?
The OEM customers, which we said in the last concall, are on board, we are getting some
orders from them. And the third one was an automobile one where our material is going to
their tier one supplier for the automobile Company. As far new customer induction is
concerned, that is going on there, As far volumes are concerned after the all streamlining and
cleaning up there, we expect that this year,
SPL
Rakesh Nayyar:
Page 8 of 17
we should be doing 50 to 60% more. Li

Nirav Jimodia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimodia
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimodia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimodia:
Moderator:
Abhishek Porwal:
Rakesh Nayyar:
a\,
([ ser I)
year, we did utilization of close to only around 50% or rather 4i-45%of their "".rr,, ,.rrN 
y'
capacity. And this year, we should be doing close to say 70% of that capacity or 65 to 70% of
that capacity.
Perfect, sir. Sir, last question from my side, what was the trading sales in quarter four of
Fy26? yeah, sir, like we reported close to around 1587 crores of turnover this quarter. How
much of it was trading, out of trading of this year?
Generally, roughly, it will be around 1'8% or so in this quarter
Sorry, sir, I missed your point.
Around l-8%.
Okay, so 1,8% was the trading sales.
18% for this quarter. Even for the full year, trading revenue has come down now this year
and it will be close to the same level of 1'B%to 19% only'
cot it, sir. Thank you so much and wish you allthe best'
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, you may press star and one to ask a question'
We will take the next question from the line of Abhishek Porwal from DR Choksi, Please go
ahead,
Good evening, sir, Thank you for taking up my question. So, most of my questions have been
answered, so, just one question. so, sir, given that the phase one is now running on for the
ABS, and what is the current thinking of like on phase two expansion? Like is there a timeline
or utilization milestone you are targeting before committing to it? And separately, what's
your thought upon competition from ABS imports coming in from Taiwan and Korea? Like are
these imports competitive on price versus domestic products? Thank you'
The imports have been coming. lmports will continue to come because the domestic capacity
is far lower than the actual demand in the country. So, the imports is not a concern at the
moment. As far as our own capacity utilization is concerned, as I said that we are currently,
after the modified arrangement, at 65% of the original rated capacity, And we expect that we
should be able to do close to 85%, gO% or 80% of that capacity this year now. As far as the
second line is concerned, we are working on that. And that is irrespective of the fact that
what has happened to one piece of equipment, We are working on the second line.
Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you so much.
PI
*
I
Abhishek Porwal
Page 9 of 17
sr\

M oderator:
Sailesh Raja:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Sailesh Raja:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Sailesh Raja:
Rakesh Nayyar
a\,
([ser I)
Thank you, We will take the next question from the line of Sailesh Raja from aUO r..Ny'
Please go ahead.
sir, ljoined a call late. Apologies if this has already been answered' with styrene monomer
prices currently at elevated levels, USD 1,500. so, how are you approaching the procurement
decision, especially considering our typical inventory holding of two months? so, in this
environment, would we look to reduce inventory days in anticipation of your price correction
or continue procuring at higher prices and rely on pass-through mechanism with customers?
So, could you please talk about that?
No, we are procuring. Of course, the regular suppliers are not available, Procuring itself is a
task today. And we are right now balancing the material available with the demand here, And
we are concentrating mainly on meeting at least the domestic demand' And we are aware
that inventory loss might come the moment the whole situation normalizes. So, as and when
it happens there will be some inventory loss to us, And we are trying to find ways that we are
able to contain that if as and when it happens. So, all kinds of things we are doing in terms of
even passing through the extra cost, sourcing the raw material, and matching it with our
requirements or the domestic demand' So, efforts are on towards that'
okay. sir, given the current raw material supply constraint affecting some polymer players, so
do you see scope for faster customer approvals for new grade in the sPC, Xmold division for
us, considering that such approval typically it will take a year's time? So, how do you see
that?
We have not faced any difficulty there. But OEMs will take their own time. This is not the case
with the non-oEMs. The non-oEMs earlier also were not taking very long, And we are not
facing such thing at the moment.
okay, okay. sir, in the sPC division, could you elaborate on specific initiatives that we are
taking to increase the volume and also the potential the cross-sell products through Xmold
existing automotive customer base? And also, when do you think that we can reach?
We are not doing any cross-sell in the sense that all styrenic compounding is being done by
us. And we continue to do what we were doing, Good thing for Xmold is that they were
never an appliance compounding company. But now with sri city being there, and a lot of
oEMs are there in sri city, air conditioning companies are there in sri city. so, Xmold also is
looking at supplies to air conditioning companies and other oEM. And they have been
successful in onboarding two of the AC manufacturers there.
Okay, okay. Great, sir. Sir, when we are expected to touch 50,000 volumes in SPC and Xmold
qPL
{"_J
Sailesh Raja:
divisions?
Page10of17
*
MU\.r

Rakesh Nayyar
Sailesh Raja
Rakesh Nayyar
Sailesh Raja:
Moderator:
Aditya Khetan:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan
Rakesh Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan:
Rakesh Nayyar:
a\,
IserI)
Our compounding volume should see a jump this year. So, we hope that by, if not in ,r;N 
y'
FY28, we should be certainly at 50,000
okay, okay. Great, sir. Sir, one last question. ln ABS, while we are targeting around 36,000
tons of volume inFY27, could you clarify how much additional demand we expect from our
internal consumptions, particularly from SPC, Xmold division? And also wanted to know the
PBT break-even capacity in ABS.
How much we will supply to our own internal consumption is very difficult to predict, because
that is based on the ABS compounds. We have started the ABS compounds, but acceptability,
the new customers coming in, approving the grades, very difficult to say that. But yes, we
would be increasing our focus on that, And in any case, Xmold is not in the ABS compounding
at the moment.
okay, sir, Thank you, sir
We have the next follow-up question from the line of Aditya Khetan from Smifs lnstitutional
Equities. Please go ahead.
Thank you, sir, for the follow-up. Sir, my first question is on to the polystyrene. lt has been,
sir, four years when we have last de-bottlenecked the capacity, and we are also nearing
about 85% utilization, almost near peak. Any plans, sir, to further de-bottleneck that
ca pacity?
Yes, we are. Actually, we did not de-bottleneck four years back. we set up a new line
altogether four years back, or three years back and now we are evaluating the de-
bottlenecki ng.
And this will be done by, sir, April'27-28.
ljust said we are evaluating. I cannot give you a timeline for that'
Perfect. Sir, on to the spreads part, if you can update, like, what are the current spreads
between polystyrene and SM, pre-war and today, and where do you see this trajectory going
a head?
you are asking something which is very difficult to answer even, because the way things are
globally, first getting the material is a concern. lt is not that what margins are there, getting
the material itself is a concern at the moment. But then, you see, the delta will not sharply
increase. The deltas, which were earlier closer to, say, for GP for 200, they have moved
closer to 275 or so MT
KO
Okay, S270 per ton for GP you are saying
SPL
t--{
Aditya Khetan:
Page '1 1 o'f 17
I
:-J

Rajeev Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan
Rakesh Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan
Rakesh Nayyar:
a\,
(l tt"t1
275, thereabout, maybe some transactions may have happened. Depending ,oon .u.ru$ z
the prices are changing now. The situation is very fluid. You cannot really define what delta,
there is no standard thumb rule that this will be the delta now. So, the prices are changing,
varying every day. Today, the styrene is, say, at $r,soo.5o, the s1,700, st,B00 could be for
the landed cost of polystyrene GP in lndia closer to that. 5o,275, you can assume'
Got it. Sir, my third question. So, in inventory gain, benefit has been booked in this quarter, or
subsequent quarters also we will see some benefit?
We do not have some such specific entry for inventory gain as and when material comes in, it
gets sold. So, whatever loss profit comes in, it gets booked in the business. So, there is
nothing such that the inventory gain has to be booked or inventory loss has to be booked. lt is
the transaction happening, material has come in, we have sold it, whether I made loss or
gain, it is there in the balance sheet, it is there in the accounts.
Got it. so, my next question is on to the ABS, So, on to the Phase-ll ABS' so, that is planned by
FY28. Considering, sir, the Phase-l also we are operating at lower capacity. Any idea, sir,
Phase-ll willcome by FY2B, are we sticking on to that?
As of now, yes, we are still aiming that only, As far as the capacity is concerned, there is
enough demand in lndia. We had an unfortunate incident that one of the critical equipment
had developed some snag and that is something serious because it has to be removed and
then repaired and which is time-taking process, But then our collaborators have at least
found an alternate arrangement for us for which we are able to operate at 65% and which we
are doing now.
Got it, got it. Sir, just one last question, So, the recent government decision to remove the
import duty on ABS, are we seeing, sir, some good imports of ABS are coming in and B,
because our samples are also now into the market. How are competitive versus imports
coming in on to pricing, on to the quality front?
Right now, as lsaid, very difficult to compare because whatever material is coming, if booked
in the month of March, that March prices were ruling at 52,400 for ABS. So, if that comes in
today, with duty or no duty, the landed price of that itself will be INR 230' At the current
dollar of INR 95, it will be at INR 230 a kg and plus expenses Local prices are less than that' So,
there is no threat from the competition as far as imports are concerned in terms of pricing is
concerned.
sir, directional wise, if you can just say, like for FY27, because so new capacities of ABS and
EPS have come in, so some higher cost from that and consequently, assuming if this war
situation stabilizes, so prices are anticipated to come down, how you see the directional wise
t:
(J
*
SPL
Aditya Khetan:
Page 12 of 17

(6il
Rakesh Nayyar
Aditya Khetan
Moderator:
Pritesh Chheda
Rakesh Nayyar:
Pritesh Chheda:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Pritesh Chheda:
Rakesh Nayyar
Pritesh Chheda:
EBITDA for FY27 can be maintained on to that number of FY26 or it could be slightly
Any directional wise, sir, just ask,
EBITDA, if I have to see the first three months, I cannot predict anything. lf situation
normalizes, then in the normal circumstances, because the volumes will be better, we should
be doing better than the last Year.
Thank you, sir. That's it
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky
lnvestments. Please go ahead.
Just one clarification, a couple of them.5o, on your pricing, which you mentioned, about
S2200 of ABS booking, so this is materialto arrive in May or this is the material which arrived
in March?
I said the material which was booked in March, that is what we heard. We have not bought,
but market information is that material booked in March was for at 52300, even 52400' So'
that arrival maybe now in April, may arrive in May. lf it arrived in April also, it will get sold in
May.
Okay. So, booked in March was $Z2OO and then you mentioned a number of $1600, that was
booked in?
That is the styrene monomer price I mentioned
Okay, The other thing is, considering, so one of the comments you mentioned that it's an
ongoing business for you, and on the inventory question that you answered too' So, is it fair
to assume that what we see as profitability in Quarter 4, a large part of the ongoing
profitability without any material inventory number floating, flowing into that operating
number?
Sorry I could not get you
So, to one of the questions you answered about the normal nature of the business being we
buy inventory and we process it and sell it during the quarter. So, is it fair to assume that the
quarter gone by doesn't have any major M2M on account of inventory flowing into the P&L?
It's a process. See, whatever material has come to me, I process, lgot increased price maybe,
but then I bought higher price material also. I have supplied even when the market was high,
I have met my some contractual commitments which were in the month of March, when
prices were skyrocketing, we even met our contractual commitments which were at the
R
SPL
-{
*
Rakesh Nayyar:
Page 13 of 17
M\1

Pritesh Chheda:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Pritesh Chheda
Rakesh Nayyar:
Pritesh Chheda
a\,
([ ser I]
prices. so, it's a part of business. lcan't segregate into the pockets that what.o.rig;Ny'
came and what price it got sold or something.
Okay. The other question is, is it fair to assume and based on your experience, when you have
these raw material supply crunch, typically in the system whereby you have a higher material
price flowing in. So, materially the profitability of the business is higher usually versus a
scenario which was last year, let's say where you had a continuously falling styrene price for
the first nine months. So, a higher styrene price automatically brings in a slightly better
profitability, is that assumption correct?
There are two ways to look at it. The higher price of styrene, if it leads into a better spread as
far as polystyrene is concerned, yes, then it is beneficial, but then it generally doesn't happen
because higher styrene monomer prices kills the demand, particularly the sectors which can
wait or particularly the people who will start going and looking into their pockets and saying,
whatever is the old material, let me consume that. The warehouses, the supply chain will
rather get emptied there. So, the material doesn't get sold there and actually, you land up
holding the old stock, which is high price stock and if the prices go down, it finally leads into
an inventory loss also. So, too much of high price does not guarantee that there'll be better
profitability. lt kills the demand also,
But in a scenario like this, based on your experience, where a shortage of material is
throughout the globe, is it a favorable scenario for, generally for, so let's say there were
imports happening into the country, lam assuming supply chain globally are seeing the
petChem related supply shocks. So, it's a slightly favorable situation in terms of profitability'
ls that correct or even that assumption is challenged?
There is no import duty on the imported raw materials or imported polymers also, be it
polystyrene or ABS or SM, There's a zero duty. SM already was on zero duty from all the FTA
countries, but then there was a duty on PS and ABS. So, to that extent, their import cost goes
down now. And as far as the global shortage is concerned, but then again, as I said, that the
non-oEM sector, the market has already shrunk. April itself, we are seeing now that the
market is shrinking as far as non-OEM sector is concerned. So, the prices which went up in
the month of March, the prices are coming down. Of all polymers, substantial decrease in
prices have happened because people want to push their material and whereas there is no
demand coming in.
okay, sir, okay. Thank you very much, sir. I will get back if I have more questions. Thank you.
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Rahul Agarwal from lkigai Asset
Managers. Please go ahead
? 'L lii
Moderator
Page14of17
*
SPL

Rahul Agarwal
Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal:
Rakesh Nayyar:
RahulAgarwal:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal
Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal:
Rakesh Nayyar:
a\,
([ se.'l)
Thank you for the follow-up. Rakesh Ji, one question is for the mass ABS segment, .rrffi 
-Z
whenever we ramp up to 70,000 tons for the phase one, and you said the market is about 50-
50 on oEM, non-OEM, what would be a preferred mix for us? Like what would we want to do
eventually with the capacity?
We would like to be present in all segments. Like in polystyrene, we are in all the segments'
We are with all the OEMs. We are there for all the non-OEM guys also. So, we would like to
be there. lt's only that in the OEM segment, the process to get your grades approved and
acceptance process is longer, So, till that happens, we would be in the non-OEM segment.
The moment that happens, we will be in OEM sector also,
Right. So, it largely should reflect the industry mix, right? lt should be like 50-50 overall
whenever we reach to like 140,000 tons'
Eventually, going forward, once we had the grades are totally established in the market, we
are fully operating, and then that is the scenario, we will have it.
Got it, sir. And, sir, second question was on the operating cash flow' Look at the cash flow
statement. I see a bit of higher working capital investment, largely driven by higher debtor,
INR 520 crores as of 31st March. What has changed over here? How should I read the
operating cash flow generation?
Our selling prices, our purchase price, everything went up in the month of March. So, the
selling prices being higher, the debtor's numbers will go up, plus ABS has come in. So, their
volume numbers will go up. lnventory is concerned. Not only the polystyrene inventory is
there, but ABS inventory has also come in' 5o, all that adds to that.
All right, got it, So, basically, going forward, sustainable basis,30-35 days of receivable cycle,
is that fair to assume?
I know that our net working capital has gone up there because of the increased prices,
increased material which has come in, ABS material has come in. So, but then, once these
things become normal now, they will go back to where we were earlier'
Got it. Got it, Thank you so much, sir, and wish you best of luck for Fiscal 2027. Thank you so
much.
Thank you, Rahul.
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nirav Jimodia from Anvil Wealth.
C
SPt
{-
Moderator:
Please go ahead
Page15of17
*
5\
l-

Nirav Jimodia
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimodia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimodia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimodia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav limodia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimodia:
a\,
(1 ser I)
"r- 2'
Yes, sir. Thanks for the opportunity again. Sir, two questions. So, first is on the specialib/
grades of PS. lguess they were also imported into lndia and like because of all this crisis
which we are seeing, possibly that specialized grades would be restricted in terms of coming
to lndia. So, A) Have we seen the premiums for those specialized grades expanded in line with
you mentioned for GP? And B) How our volumes have moved for the specialized grades in the
month of April for that particular applications?
I do not know which grades you are talking about, Nirav, because the.,.
No sir, like we produce some specialized grades. So, in one of the earlier calls, you mentioned
that those grades come on premium over the normal grades,
Yes. You are talking about some imports happening,
yes. So, like there are some specific grades which are for higher end refrigerators or washing
machines.
lf they have been imported, they certainly would be at much higher price than the normal
commodity grades, There must be a difference of almost S2O0 plus there. Grades which have
been imported as specialized polystyrene grades will be higher at least by 5200 over the
normal grades imported.
Correct, So, ljust wanted to understand like do we have presence in terms of volumes for
those specialized grades?
We are there. We are in all kinds of refrigerators and AC grades. Practically, every user, maker
of refrigerator uses our polystyrene.
Correct. So, to that extent, that benefit would also accrue to us whenever those users...
That is what we talk about the value-added grades every time
Correct. But ljust wanted to understand in terms of the expansion of the premium part which
you rightly addressed. The second question is on the EPS part like if we see the demand for
lndia was close to around 1,50,000 tons. So, is it also very price-sensitive in terms of from the
consumer point of view and also if you can share your thoughts in terms of how are we
seeing the growth in EPS since we have expanded the capacity in FY27?
The EPS is price-sensitive. Every product is but then at the lower end, yes. But then for the
packing segment, for the construction segment and cold storages, the demand has been
great. lt has increased last year. These are the segments from where the demand growth
came in. As far as the capacity increase, we have to target more of the construction side of it
including the cold storages also and 3D panels, We expect going forward the demand
Rakesh Nayyar
Page16of17
+
-t

Nirav Jimodia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimodia:
Moderator:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Moderator
z\,
IserI)
increase in these segments and we will be able to supply plus export t.rn.,0...rr".Hy'
grades have been approved in Europe and during the peak months, we were finding that we
are not able to meet the demand there. We can't supply b.ecause we have to supply to the
local market. so, this additional capacity will help us in starting our exports of EPS.
Correct. So, safe to assume that at least in line with the volume growth guidance which you
mentioned, similar volume growth could be possible in EPS like on a consolidated basis for
the Company as a whole?
We have said that along with the market growth, we will also grow this year. But then allthe
volumes put together, depending upon the global situation, the war situation, if everything
becomes normal by June end and July sees the normal behavior in the global market, we
should be doing 8% to 10% volume growth this year.
Perfect, sir. Perfect. Thank you so much
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, we
now conclude the question-and-answer session, I now hand the conference back to the
Management for closing comments. Over to you, sir,
Thank you all for participating in this Earnings Conference, lf you have any further questions
or would like to know more about the Company, please reach out to our lR managers, Ad
Valorem Advisors. Thank you so much' Thank you'
Thank you, members of the Management. On behalf of Supreme Petrochem Limited, that
concludes this conference, Thank you all for joining us today and you may now disconnect
your lines.
SPL ,;
U
*
14ut.
Page 17 of 17
