 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: May 29, 2026 
 
To 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol/Security ID: POWERMECH 
To 
Dept. of Corp. Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
Security Code: 539302 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference call with Investors / Analysts pursuant to Regulation 
30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
--o0o— 
 
With reference to the subject cited above, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Conference Call with Investors / Analysts held on May 22, 2026, on the Q4FY26 performance 
of the Company.  
 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge the receipt. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Power Mech Projects Limited 
 
 
 
M. Raghavendra Prasad  
Company Secretary and Compliance officer 
 
Encl: as above 
Movva 
Raghavendra 
Prasad
Digitally signed by Movva 
Raghavendra Prasad 
Date: 2026.05.29 10:32:29 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Power Mech Project Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. S.K. RAMAIAH – DIRECTOR, BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, 
POWER MECH PROJECTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. N. NANI ARAVIND – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
POWER MECH PROJECTS LIMITED  
 
MODERATOR:  
MS. KRISHNA DOSHI – ASHIKA INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Power Mech Projects Limited Q4 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and 
expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Krishna Doshi from Ashika Institutional 
Equities. Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Doshi. 
 
Krishna Doshi: 
Thank you. Good morning, and very warm welcome to everyone. On behalf of 
Ashika Institutional Equities, I welcome you all to Power Mech Projects Limited Q4 
FY26 earnings conference call. Today, we have with us the management 
represented by Mr. S.K. Ramaiah, Director, Business Development; Mr. N. Nani 
Aravind, Chief Financial Officer.  
 
We thank the Power Mech Projects for giving us the opportunity to host the call, and 
we will now like to hand over the floor to the management for their opening remarks, 
post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thanks, and over to you, sir. 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I am Aravind, CFO of the company. I would 
like to extend a warm welcome to all of you joining us today for our quarter 4 and 
financial year '26 earnings call. Thank you for taking the time to participate in this 
discussion. 
 
 
As we conclude the fourth quarter of financial year '26, I'm pleased to share that 
the company has continued its growth trajectory delivering improved performance 
across all our core business verticals. Our results reflect the strength of our 
diversified business model, disciplined execution capabilities and sustained focus 
on operational excellence. 
 
 
For Q4 FY26, the company recorded total revenue of INR 2,121 crores, reflecting a 
growth of 13% over Q4 FY25. The growth was driven by sustained execution across 
our core verticals and ramp-up of operations newly secured EPC order and MDO 
projects, partially offset by delays in certification of bills under the Water division. 
 
 
EBITDA for the quarter was INR 237 crores, reaching a growth of 2% YoY with 
EBITDA margin at 11.17%. Margins were comparatively lower than the Q4 FY25, 
primarily due to increase in the operating cost and the lower other income during 
the quarter. Profit after tax for the quarter was INR 153 crores, reflecting an 18% 
increase over Q4 FY25. PAT margins improved to 7.27% as against 7% in Q4 FY25. 
 
 
For the FY26, the company achieved a total revenue of INR 6,107 crores, 
representing a growth of 16% YoY. The strong annual performance was driven by 
ramp-up across our key verticals, particularly industrial power construction, civil 
infrastructure projects, O&M services and increasing contribution from EPC and 
MDO businesses. EBITDA for FY26 was INR 750 crores, up 16% YoY, while EBITDA 
margins remained stable at 12.3%. Profit after tax for FY26 was INR 412 crores, 
reflecting a growth of 18% over FY25. 
 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
So now coming to revenue mix for Q4 FY26, the geographical revenue mix 
comprised 94% domestic and 6% international revenue. Sector-wise, the Power 
segment contributed 57% of revenue, while non-power segment contributed 
remaining 43%. For FY26, the geographical mix was 95% domestic and 5% 
international. The power sector contributed 64% of revenues, while non-power 
sector accounted for 36%, reflected a continued diversification of our business 
portfolio. 
 
 
From an order inflow perspective, the company secured orders worth of 
approximately INR 7,210 crores during FY26, against our target of Rs 10,000 Cr, 
achieving around 72% of the annual target. The shortfall was primarily attributable 
to the cancellation of battery energy storage system order worth of INR 1,563 crores 
by West Bengal State Electricity department.  
 
During the year, we secured several larger strategic orders across EPC, O&M, Civil 
and ETC business. The key highlight was the award of a large BOP EPC package for 
the 800-megawatt Singareni Thermal project from BHEL. This project marks an 
important milestone in expanding our capabilities from the execution packages to 
integrated EPC delivery in BOP systems. The company also entered a new business 
vertical through Mumbai Monorail O&M contract, marking our presence in the 
metro rail operations and maintenance space. 
 
 
Looking ahead to FY27, the company is targeting order inflow of around INR 12,000 
crores with a strategic focus on expanding our BOP EPC portfolio and securing new 
O&M contracts. The total order backlog, including MDO contracts, stands at 
approximately INR 55,151 crores. Excluding MDO order, the executable book 
stands at around INR 15,899 crores. This provides a strong multiyear revenue 
visibility across Power, Civil, EPC and O&M business. We continue to see a strong 
order pipeline across thermal power balance of plant systems, civil infrastructure, 
railways and energy transition-related projects. 
 
 
The company's operating cash flow improved significantly during FY26, increasing 
from INR 74 lakhs in FY25 to INR 430 crores in FY26, primarily driven by the 
improved realization of receivables during the year. This is expected to further 
strengthen our operating cash flow and reduce the dependence on working capital 
borrowings going forward. Gross and net debt remains well controlled despite 
delays in certification of water division bills. As on 31st March 2026, gross debt was 
INR 622 crores while net debt was INR 163 crores. The debt equity ratio as on the 
same date remained comfortable at 0.32x. 
 
 
In summary, we are pleased with the progress achieved during Q4 and FY26. Our 
diversified order book, strong execution capabilities and strategic focus on high-
value projects continue to position the company for sustained long-term growth. 
There's a clear visibility of growth till FY'30. Our focus remains on increasing the 
share of high-margin, recurring business to ensure to stable growth in both top line 
and profitability. 
 
 
At the same time, the global macroeconomic environment continues to remain 
volatile with potential disruptions arising from supply shortages, inflationary 
pressures, interest rate movements and other external shocks. So accordingly, we 
are strengthening our operational and financial preparedness to remain resilient 
and agile to navigating such uncertainties. With a strong order pipeline and 
execution momentum across businesses, we remain confident of delivering on our 
growth objectives and creating a long-term value for all stakeholders. 
 
 
With this, I now request Mr. Ramaiah to share key business developments and the 
outlook for the coming periods. 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
S.K. Ramaiah: 
Thanks, Aravind, for all the important numbers and the growth story. Thanks for 
your participation. I think we should still be very bullish and positive on the total 
outlook for the company, looking at the growth which is happening. Of course, 
there can be a lot of new initiatives like what we have taken on the BESS and then 
there was an issue with the West Bengal Electricity Board and then it had to be 
cancelled. Otherwise, our numbers would have been much better in order backlog. 
 
 
But overall, if you look at the total order backlog has gone up by 10.5% for the 
current year from INR 14,387 crores last year to INR 15,898 crores. The three growth 
areas have been in the power sector. And that is mainly because of the bullish 
investments, which is happening in a substantial way in all the segments of the 
power sector, particularly in the new thermal business, both with the public sector 
utilities and also the private sector like Adani. And recently, JSW also joined and 
other players also are expected to kick in new investments. That is the basis on 
which we have continued to focus on that. 
 
 
And the mechanical business had a slight dip. Of course, if you take the EPC 
portion, the installation, it is still okay, and then the civil side also, but the major 
growth came out in the O&M sector, about 8%. And solar is the new entity we have 
entered, in Solar Power development where in to put up a 16-MW plant in Bihar. 
These are the new entities. But what is the key aspect is the foray we have made 
into the engineering, procurement and project construction, that being for the 
balance of plant, that is synergizing our expertise in the service side. 
 
 
That means we got a strong background in doing the civil works, structural work, 
mechanical works, and also commissioning support work. That has helped us to 
take up the 40% of the value addition in-house working with 60% to be managed by 
engineering and procurement from the key parties. But overall, the company is 
quite confident of executing this important job. And this allows us also to enter 
similar type of jobs in future with a better value addition in similar projects which 
are expected to be based on the present tendering practice by BHEL. 
 
 
And then the domestic scene continues to be positive, more of the orders coming 
in the domestic sector. And then power sector, the backlog of the order is about 
70% and non-power is about 30%. That is on the overall number. The key aspect of 
the business continues to be in the case of power sector, if we look at it, I think we 
continue to remain positive on that. Actually, government's initial plan of 80 GW, 
80 GW   can go up to nearly 100 GW in the coal-based power plants. 
 
 
We have seen recently certain trends about the increase in solar power, which has 
gone up 150 GW, and it will slowly go up to more than 300 GW. That can bring in a 
lot of grid imbalance, and that's why the necessity of managing the grid needs more 
thermal power in the night operation and day-night operation practices. 
 
 
And now the new players are also coming. JSW is coming with new plants coming 
up in Salboni and then Odisha. Adani has taken a substantial initiative. And then 
perhaps their overall plan is to triple their capacity from 17,000 MW to - 50,000 MW.  
 
They have done substantial ordering about 16,000 MW as on today. NTPC has done 
the other major ordering of about 11380 MW apart from the other players like 
Damodar Valley Corporation, Neyveli Lignite, Singareni, Gujarat State Electric 
Company Limited, Chhattisgarh and MP Genco also. 
 
 
Therefore, the expectation is that the present opportunities what has been ordered, 
comes to substantially INR 2.8 lakh crores in terms of the direct ordering done on 
BHEL, and L&T, on the major packages. That will translate into a reasonable 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
opportunity for us about INR 60,000 crores in various segments like installation 
business, civil business, structural works and the balance of plants on packages 
and all. And that is what we are banking upon. That is how we have seen recently 
the major orders also happening. 
 
 
Similarly, from Adani side, we are working in about 4 major projects in Adani in 
Mahan, Phase 2 and Phase 3, Mirzapur Phase 1 and Raipur, totally 6,400 MW and 
ongoing projects valued about INR 3,166 crores. Then BHEL is there. And then apart 
from the nuclear project where we have taken up quite civil works for INR 563 
crores, 2x700 MW at Kaiga. 
 
Rest of the thermal projects about 7,000 MW. If we add the recent addition of the 
Singareni, about INR 2,550 crores, the total BHEL, various packages and orders will 
be about INR 4,700 crores. Therefore, these are the two major players in which we 
are continuing to focus it. 
 
 
And only thing, how much additional order will flow from the balance ordering to be 
done and then the packaging to be done by Adani, then presently JSW, Salboni in 
West Bengal, they are putting up a plant in Assam also 4x800 MW. That we are 
discussing with them. And O&M continues to be an interesting opportunity for us, 
and that is a margin driven. New opportunities are being followed up in BALCO. 
 
 
And also, in Butibori 2x300mw which is now with Adani Power and other plants. 
Recently, we have taken a job in Hindustan Zinc Limited also and continuation with 
earlier order for the Hindustan Zinc captive power plant at 91 MW. Therefore, about 
4,100 MW of ordering has been taken up in the O&M in the year 2025-26. 
 
 
Looking at the commissioning program and the aspects which will happen in terms 
of the commissioning in the coming years, if we take the average 8,000 MW , 
perhaps, the two areas that is installation business and the civil works, and the 
third area which is important is the long-term O&M, should bring us lot of results in 
terms of balance ordering ,which the  company is very much focused. Recently, a 
major breakthrough has been in entering into O&M business in the Metro sector, 
INR 279 crores. 
 
 
We have taken up light railway in Bombay, that is 15 stations work. That is a major 
technological breakthrough for us in terms of the operation maintenance 
practices. Today, we have seen about 1095 operational kms of metro routes are 
there, and it's going to develop it to 2,000 km. This initiative should help in terms of 
the outsourcing of the O&M and operation of the Metro works. That should be a new 
opportunity, which we should follow up in the future also, apart from the traditional 
power sector and some of the areas in the non-power sector also. 
 
 
Then coming to the major opportunities, what we are planning this in the current 
year, there is a reasonable opportunity basket available. We have identified about 
INR 70,000 crores of opportunities in terms of what is visible in the various sectors, 
in the power sector, non-power sector, infra works, then O&M services, metro 
maintenance and EPC works, etcetera. That we are keeping a track of it. 
 
 
Of course, the order booking plan based on the opportunity available, we hope to 
get, about INR 12,000 crores in the current year. We continue to follow all these 
opportunities, and clear tracking has been done about the INR 70,000 crores of 
opportunities in all the sectors. Another important development, NMDC is coming 
with a lot of investments. Perhaps their plan is to jack up their existing capacity of 
60 million tons to nearly 110 million tons, by 50 million tons. That needs an 
investment of about INR 70,000 crores. 
 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
We had recently done one bidding for the BOT projects, for a 5 million tons capacity 
mine site handling facilities. That has to be seen, what they are going through and 
all, based on the price levels at which the same can be ordered. New EPC tenders 
have come. We are tying up with Thyssen Group, Pune. They are one of the 
strongest technology partners in terms of the iron ore material handling and then 
process management for this one. We will be their construction partner, and we'll 
take the lead. Couple of projects are there in NMDC worth about INR 8,000 crores 
to INR 10,000 crores. 
 
 
The other aspects is that the non-power, roads, investment continues to be there, 
railways is there. Non-power NMDC, I told. The new visibility perhaps is the steel 
plant. Recently, we had done some bidding work in the IISCO Burnpur, but our 
prices were  higher than the other players, about INR 3,000 crores of opportunities. 
There will be new investments coming up in Bokaro Steel Plant and then Rourkela 
Steel Plant. 
 
 
Apart from that, ArcelorMittal is planning to put up a 10 million ton capacity plant 
near Anakapalli in Andhra Pradesh. JSW is planning a new plant up in Paradip, 10 
million tons. Of course, after some time, they are planning to invest 25 million ton 
capacity in Gadchiroli near Nagpur.  
 
We have taken up the steel plant works also. Earlier, we have done in Dolvi, Ballari, 
JSPL Angul, and we want to see how to leverage our existing experience, what we 
have achieved there, also the similar works, what we have done in the civil 
infrastructure and the installation works, whether we can take up in the case of 
steel plants construction works also. 
 
 
Therefore, the investments will continue to be there in terms of the railways, 
highways, metro expansion, power sector, 100 GW nearly, and other sectors also. 
And then O&M, some opportunities, we're following it up in the Middle East also. 
Now over 1,500 headcount is deployed in the Middle East to do about nearly INR 
300 to INR 350 crores of jobs. We have taken a major O&M job for the captive power 
plant in Nigeria also. Now there are some inquiries coming from Senegal, and then 
Liberia, then Nigeria, and also some of the African countries. 
 
 
Therefore, we have to see how to expand these opportunities in all these sectors. 
Therefore, from that point perspective, the overall opportunity available is 
reasonably can work out for the current year ordering of about INR 12,000 crores, 
what we have kept as our, current year target and we will try to do as much as 
possible on that. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Mohit Kumar with ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Mohit Kumar: 
My first question is on the order inflow. I think last year, we guided for INR 10,000 
crores order inflow. And I think there is a substantial miss, right? Can you please 
explain, is it that you saw a lot of orders, due to which the finalization got postponed 
in Q4? Is that the reason of the miss, and you expect those orders to get finalized, 
tenders to get finalized in FY27. So FY27 should be a better year in terms of order 
inflow. And also, a color on the order inflow opportunity for the thermal BOP for 
fiscal '27? 
 
S.K. Ramaiah: 
I think as far as our interest was there, Adani, we had been reasonably successful 
in getting many orders of their Mirzapur, Mahan, and then Raipur. Of course, the 
new investments, whatever we are bidding with them also. Now, even though BHEL 
has got a lot of orders on the existing orders they go, but there's some packaging 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
philosophy they have changed it, and that we are watching it whether the same can 
fit into our plans. 
 
Of course, on the BOP side, we are going to bid for two- three projects, that's worth 
INR 15000 crores. Our aim is to get one more BOP in the current year. A strong team 
has been established with some experienced people from BHEL also. And with the 
present experience what we are gaining in Singareni, and then our enormous 
expertise in the execution, that should help us to be competitive, and we are getting 
qualified also in these BOP projects. 
 
 
But on the main installation side, we are quite positive on Adani and JSW. , BHEL is 
a question of how much is the competitive level we can work on the pricing because 
of the packaging philosophy they may follow because they also want to see how 
much competitive they can get the pricing for the market to fit their budgets . But 
we are having a long association with BHEL, and they value our association and 
also our execution capability. Therefore, that should still come into our help when 
we focus on that. 
 
 
Therefore, I will again come back to the opportunity levels available, about INR 
70,000 crores, which have been identified opportunities, and that should be the 
basis on which we can look at it. And O&M, we are discussing a major job in BALCO, 
around INR 1,500 crores. Another INR 700 crores of opportunity, Butibori, 2x300 
MW, that also we are discussing on the O&M side. With the new plants coming up 
in the O&M side, that is operation commissioning completion, perhaps  it should 
continue to progress there on the O&M side also to get more orders. 
 
 
And then the new initiative we have taken in terms of the mine site facilities 
because there is lot of focus on mine side investments and then as a policy by the 
government, both in the iron ore side and the coal side that they want to avoid this 
transportation by road, and they want to mechanize the entire system, right from 
the mine site to the delivery site. We have developed some expertise based on the 
work we have recently getting completed in Kurmitar. 
 
 
That was in association with Adani job. That was a small job, about INR 200 crores 
on the association with thyssenkrupp. And that expertise should help us to bid for 
all these projects. The qualification, we have fully qualified for a couple of tenders 
there in NMDC, and that is an area we have to see how we can be successful as a 
new initiative. Therefore, from that point of view, I can only say that, let us expect 
that the opportunities what we are tracking should fructify. 
 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. My second question is on the mine side. What kind of volumes one 
can expect in both the mines separately for FY27 and FY28, given that both the 
mines are now operational? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
The KBP mine just started production in November, and ramping up happened in 
last March, we did around INR 248 crores revenue during the last 5 months. In SAIL 
project, we did around INR 106 crores revenue during the FY26. This will scale up 
by FY 28. The KBP mine, client is lifting the material beyond the contract capacity. 
INR 350 crores we are projecting for the FY27 and INR 500 crores for FY28 from KBP.  
 
Tasra, our washery construction is undergoing, and maybe by December we'll 
complete the construction of washery. Maybe by mid of Q4 FY 27, we'll start our 
production from the Tasra mine. We are projecting INR 150 crores revenue in FY27, 
and it will increase to INR 750 crores by FY28. MDO mix will be 7% in overall revenue 
for FY 27. And the same will jump to 13% in FY 28 revenue. 
 
Mohit Kumar: 
I understood, sir. Thank you and all the best, sir. Thank you. 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Tushar Khandelwal with Nexus Equity. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Tushar Khandelwal: Thank you. So, my question is I understand we missed order inflow guidances and 
revenue guidances, but we are able to meet the revised revenue guidances this 
year. I see a lot of challenges in the MDO segment of the business. Management is 
seeming quite confident for achieving the FY27 guidance and FY28. So, is there any 
underlying change in micro level or business level or initiatives from the company 
from which we are seeming this confident on achieving the FY27 and FY28 
numbers? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
See FY26, we projected around INR 6,500 crores, we achieved Rs 6,062 Cr and 
there is a shortfall of Rs 700Cr on account of the water division delays in 
certification of bills off set by the increase in revenue beyond the planned.   our 
actual shortfall was only INR 438 crores. And for the FY27, we are projecting around 
21% growth. 
 
 
We are confident of achieving that, and even the MDO business ramp-up of 
production is happening, and we are more focused on the high-margin O&M 
business. This year, we are expecting high-value orders in O&M division also. And 
EPC business, we just started last year, and we are expecting more revenue from 
the EPC business. So we are confident of achieving the projected number of 21% 
growth. 
 
Tushar Khandelwal: Okay. Thank you. And for second question, are we facing any labor side shortages 
or labor problems? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
No, labor shortage is always there, and we are always recruiting the people and 
training on our side, and we are managing the sites without impacting the progress 
of the works. We are the largest service provider in terms of erection business and 
O&M side. Major opportunities are there with us, so attrition is there, but we are 
maintaining with the new people and we are managing requirements. 
 
Tushar Khandelwal: Thank you, sir that answers my question. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vignesh Iyer with Sequent 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Sir, my question is more on the raw material inflation that the industry is witnessing 
as a whole due to the West Asia ongoing war. And I wanted to understand from our 
current order book, what percentage of the order book is insulated partially or fully, 
with any escalation clause in place? And for the part that is not inflated, what is our 
strategy going forward? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Sir, international order book, we are only doing O&M services, which consist of 
1.2%-1.5% overall order. There is no much impact on the war on our O&M business. 
In fact, if you compare my FY25 to FY26, my revenue has gone up from INR 292 to 
INR 327 crores during the current year. As such, there is no impact. In fact, we may 
get more opportunity in terms of construction side. There are a lot of plants were 
under dismantle. We may get good opportunities in O&M and in erection business. 
 
S.K. Ramaiah: 
Moreover, I think most of our major works we are doing in Nigeria, O&M, nearly INR 
100 crores job. That is a long-term contract. Some inquiries are also coming in the 
West Africa. Let us say, because our erection jobs, which we had a substantial 
presence, that has practically come down. We are only doing the need-based O&M 
jobs, manpower supply, and that is okay with better margins. I hope war also should 
not last. 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
We are doing majorly O&M businesses. We are not into the erection, so there is no 
impact of price increase in international operations. Domestically, there is 
increase in the pricing, and at the same time, we are covered with the escalation 
clauses. Every contract we are protected by escalation clauses. We will get the 
reimbursement from the clients. 
 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Sir, my question more was on the civil work side of it, on the power projects, if any, 
on the domestic side because there are other EPC players who are facing it as of 
now. The question was more on that line. 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
EPC, there were impacts, sir. Steel and cement prices have increased. Diesel price 
has increased. So to the extent, PVC is covered through our contract arrangements, 
so we'll get the reimbursement from the client to the extent of that increase on PVC. 
 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Sir, how should we look at our margins then for the upcoming year on the stand-
alone side of the business, if you could? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Standalone-level, there's a marginal pressure because the water division 
certification delays are there. Whereas this year, we are expecting the central 
government will release their funds. Because of the fixed overhead, the margins 
constraint is there in the water division. We are hoping the funds release will rectify 
this problem, and the certification will generate more margins. 
 
 
For FY27, overall margins will improve because of our O&M revenue mix is 
increasing, and EPC division revenue is increasing, so the margin profile will 
improve. MDO business is also increasing in the total top line and bottom line. We 
are hoping that this year we are expecting to touch EBITDA of 12.5%, including other 
income. There may be a increase of 0.25% to 0.3% in the EBITDA. 
 
Vignesh Iyer: 
How should we look at the margins for the two MDO contracts that we have got? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
KBP mine just started with production. We will reach the peak rate capacity in FY 
30, Tasra mine ramp up of production start from FY 28 and peak rate capacity 
achieve in FY 29, we are estimating blended EBITDA together around 20% at peak 
rate capacity, At present, on an average EBITDA of 15% margin we have got. 
 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay sir. That is all from my side thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Deepak Poddar with Sapphire 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Thank you very much sir for this opportunity. Sir, just wanted to understand, we are 
targeting from MDO FY27 INR 500 crores kind of a revenue, and in FY28 INR 1,250 
crores. Is that right understanding? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Yes. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And how should one look at then margin trajectory in MDO in FY27, FY28? 
 
S.K. Ramaiah: 
Year on year 1% jump in the EBITDA margin can be expected till it reaches PRC in 
both the projects, we'll reach the PRC by FY29 in one project and FY30 in another 
project. So, by the time, we'll touch 20% from present 15%. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
15% to 20%, sir, I did not follow? 
 
S.K. Ramaiah: 
Every year, 1% jump will be there, depends on the production volume. 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, every year. And then how much was the margins in FY26? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
It's at 15%.  in the month of March alone we touched revenue of INR 117 crores. 
Every month we used to do revenue of INR 40 crores, The initial OB removal will be 
very less. EBITDA margins are high. When we go deep into the pit, you will get more 
OB removal. Your cost will also increase. Average, we can take 15% to 16% EBITDA 
when we reach PRC. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And this 15% EBITDA margin, 15% to 16%, was it INR 354 crores kind of a 
revenue, we did in FY26? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Going forward, INR 500 crores also, you can take 16%. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
In FY27 also 16% is more. 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
So, YoY, because of the ramping of production happens in both MDOs and at the 
same time, we have to get a production overhead adjustment. So, 1% jump you can 
take from 15% to 16%, 16% to 17%. And by peak rate capacity, by 2030, we can 
touch 20%, 21%. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. Understood. And FY27, the order inflow outlook we have, what sort of order 
inflow we might be targeting? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Yes, we are targeting INR 12,000 crores. This year, we are majorly targeting BOP, 
one or two projects of BOP EPC, O&M projects. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And then what's your capex plan for this year, FY27? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Capex, we are constructing washery as of now, and we'll complete the washery 
activity. So Around INR 400 crores capex will be addition by FY27. And in TASRA 
SPV, INR 400 crores of Capex Tasra Coal Handling Plant and railway siding is 
added. At the Power Mech level, only INR 400 crores will be the addition to the 
capex, without any debt. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. Understood. What's our export mix right now? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
This is 4% of the revenue. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
And because of this global macro scenario, I mean, are we facing any issue in terms 
of business? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
We are only doing O&M services majorly. So there is no disruption so far, and all the 
plants are running without any issues, we are supplying the manpower. As such, 
there are no issue as of now. All are running, sir. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. Because of commodity, I mean, commodity prices have been quite volatile, 
right? Is that also an issue? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Yes, quite volatile, and it has more impact on the domestic business than 
international because international we are supplying only O&M manpower. 
Construction activity is there only in domestic. There is increase in the price of 
material and contract execution expenses have increased. To the extent, we have 
a PVC factor is already factored in the agreement, we'll get the reimbursement from 
the client on increased prices. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. So, we are able to perform cost increase, right to the client? 
 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Yes, sir. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
That is very helpful sir. That’s it from my side. All the very best thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Venay Kumar, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Venay Kumar: 
My question was, is the government going for the coal gasification? Do we have a 
scope there? Because GAIL and Adani Group is also there in coal gasification. Do 
we see business opportunity, and what will be the amount, sir? 
 
S.K. Ramaiah: 
This recent information, we are also tracking it. Government has planned initial 
investment of INR 37,500 crores because looking at the import dependency of the 
fossil fuels, particularly the petrol, LNG, and other things, coal gasification is an 
alternative. Of course, the pilot projects have been launched with a group of 
companies, like BHEL as a technology provider, and then along with Coal India. Of 
course, this is very much in the initial stages, and the investment size, what we are 
looking at INR 37,500 government has planned, I think that should happen with 
initiative from the Public and Private sector 
 
 
 We are also trying to start tracking these investments, and first we have to look for 
the technology partners, because a similar job, what we can take it up. But as a 
developer and owner, that can be a second option. First option is to enter the work 
in terms of traditional work, what we can do in installation, service business, and 
then undertaking the complete plant construction. That should be a possibility with 
our qualification. This is already in our thinking. 
 
 
Let the investment happen, it should take some time. First of all, it is a thinking and 
allocation. Then, there should be developers and owners who has to invest it. And 
then the engineering and supply chain aspect has to be firmed up, and the 
investment has to follow. And then it will happen., with strong Government initiative 
and support. Maybe we will expect down the line six months or one year it will start. 
 
Moderator: 
There's no reply from the line of Mr. Patil. We'll move to the next participant. That is 
from the line of Riya Mehta with Aequitas Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity. So my first question is in terms of the 
demand from private capex. So are we seeing demand from thermal capex? Apart 
from thermal, where are we seeing major demand, from which sectors? 
 
S.K. Ramaiah: 
Yes, madam, I agree. I told you, mining side, a lot of investments are coming. 
Particularly from Coal India. Of course, on the mine side, we have taken up two jobs 
which is in progress. But another development I brought out was on the NMDC 
investment of INR 70,000 crores for their mining capacity expansion by 50 million 
tonnes for all their mines in Karnataka and then in Chhattisgarh. Therefore, 
presently an opportunity of INR 10,000 crores has come. We are trying to work with 
Thyssenkrupp to jointly bid with us in those tenders. And that is a major initiative. 
 
 
And then there can be other opportunities in the case of steel also, I told you. Steel 
sector, the total capital investment planned in the next 5, 6 years is about INR 10 
lakh crores. Of course, they're all big projects. JSW is planning, ArcelorMittal is 
planning, Steel Authority is planning it. 
 
We have started initial bidding, but in the case of IISCO Burnpur, we were not 
successful there. But we keep our efforts there. In the future, opportunities can 
come up. ArcelorMittal is going to put up the plant near Vizag., we are in touch with 
them because we have done the work for JSW in Dolvi and Ballari for their 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
expansion coming up in Orissa. Therefore, these are the areas we can certainly look 
at it. 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Apart from what Ramaiah sir said, another area is the railways, where we are 
looking at the new broad-gauge lines work. Even the construction of new lines we 
are looking at. And road projects are also there, but of course, there's unhealthy 
competition is there in roadside. But if any good opportunity is there, roadside also 
we'll look at. 
 
S.K. Ramaiah: 
But the new thing, what I would like to say. What we got the breakthrough in the 
Metro O&M, we have taken the job, INR 279 crores in Bombay. That is a beginning. 
And I already told you about that. It can be a huge opportunity which can be there 
for the changeover from the present system, operation maintenance to 
outsourcing by the metro companies. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. In terms of client concentration, how much would BHEL and Adani form for 
our total order book? 
 
S.K. Ramaiah: 
As I told you, Adani, we are doing 6,400 MW, the total order about INR 3,200 crores 
for Adani, and then BHEL, we are doing about 7,000 MW on thermal and 1,400 MW 
in nuclear. That comes to, and then BOP project, that comes up to INR 4,700 crores. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. Are we facing any working capital issues considering price, cost price has 
increased? Do we have escalation clauses in place for these orders? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Yes, ma'am all the clauses, we are having PVC clauses in contract, which we are 
claiming in every bill. And we are availing interest free mobilization advances. So 
there is no much of working capital issues in running projects. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. And in terms of the water project issue, which you were mentioning, just 
wanted to know how much of the order size that contract? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Balance is around INR 900 crores of order we have to execute, ma'am. So last one 
year, we have stopped execution of the work, and have instead focused on nearer-
to-completion projects, particularly those where 75%, 80% of the work had already 
been completed.  and we brought these major projects into the O&M phase. So for 
O&M, we are getting monthly fixed revenue from State Govt funds.  
 
 
 500 schemes, which we are targeting to complete by June 2026, and  to bring these 
schemes into the O&M. Out of that, so far, we completed around 300 plus of 
schemes. And based on the central government allocation of funds, then probably 
we'll restart this balance work of INR 900 crore. FY 26, the state government 
released the fund and we have received almost INR 231 Cr. And as on March 26, we 
need to get the certification for INR 128 crores of work in progress and INR 90 crores 
of receivable, to be received from the client. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Could you help me with the total amount, which, for the work we have done and the 
amount not received yet? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
INR 90 crore receivable amount. Against the INR 2,700 crores of order value, INR 
1,800 crores worth of work we have executed so far. We have received entire money 
except INR 90 crores of receivable and 128 bills are yet to be certified, work done 
and pending for certification. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. And this was included in our order book numbers? 
 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Yes, it is there in the overall closing order value, INR 55,000 crores is included INR 
900 crores value. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
So we can remove INR 900 crores. 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
INR 900 crores on that INR 200 crores already WIP is there. The remaining INR 700 
crores we have to execute. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. Now, are we taking any further water projects or something? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
As of now, we are not showing interest, ma'am, because the power orders, we are 
getting more power orders. We are concentrating more on the power and O&M 
business. Until FY30, there will be huge demand for power business. So, we are 
concentrating more on Core business 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. In terms of railway, I think last couple of years, there has been incrementally 
very high competition, and margins were compromised. So what part of railway are 
we excited about? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
We are actually not doing the regular civil kind of works. We are taking the 
combination of overhead electrification with the signalling, telecommunication 
and civil together as a package. So that the competition is very less with this kind 
of, because the technical eligibility may not be there for the regular civil 
experiences Companies. We are targeting only those mix of both civil and technical 
qualification requirement projects only we are targeting. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
How much is this in our order book, railway? How much have we done? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
INR 700 crores is there. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
INR 700 crores. Just for a broader guidance perspective, since we saw INR 7,200 
crores of order inflow this year, are we on place to see INR 10,000 crores for the 
next year? The West Bengal order, which we did not get, is it a re-tender, or 
somebody else received it? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Yes, they will again be recalling the tender, ma'am. So, this year, we may look at 
that order. And moreover, some of the projects were L1, in Bangalore Metro, we 
received L1, and Monorail also, L1 we received in April. So, our guidance at, INR 
10,000 crores, almost is nearer to that INR 10,000 crore. But unfortunately, 
because of this cancellation of BESS order, shortfall happened. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
So we are on track to have INR 10,000-odd crores of order intake for this year, right? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Yes. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
And the current order book which we have excluding MDO, what would be the 
average tenure of the order intake? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
All our orders, 2 to 3 years period of execution.  you can take average order 
execution time of 2.5 years. For every year, we are doing 40% execution on opening 
order value. The 2.5 years, execution time you can assume the average order size. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Right. Now on the MDO side, when is the coal washery getting commissioned? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Almost all materials reached the site, and erection works are already started. By 
December 2026, we'll be ready with our washer. We'll do the testing, and we'll be 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
ready with our washery. And our target is from Q4 onwards, we will do the washed 
coal. We'll supply washed coal to the client. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Just to revisit. This for FY27, you said INR 450-odd crores, INR 300 crores plus INR 
150 crores and next FY28 will be INR 500 crores plus INR 750 crores, right? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
No. FY27, INR 350 crores plus INR 150 crores, ma'am. Total INR 500 crores for 
FY27. KBP mine, INR 350 crores and SAIL mine, INR 150 crores. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Could you repeat, your voice is getting muffled. 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Yes. The KBP mine, we will do INR 350 crores and plus SAIL mine, we will do INR 
150 crores this FY27. 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay, got it. Total INR 450 crores, right? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
INR 500 crores, ma'am. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Mahesh Patil with ICICI Securities. 
 
Mahesh Patil 
Sir, first question is that you have highlighted some Labor Code provision in Q4 that 
has impacted the margin. Can you give details about the exact amount? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Around INR 4.5 crores, we created a provision for the increase in that 40 % basic, 
now it's increased to the 50% level. So, there is incremental gratuity increase. We 
have created a provision for the entire year impact. 
 
Mahesh Patil 
Okay, sir. And sir, on the nuclear side, we have already received one project. Are we 
seeing any further opportunities there? How are the discussions going with some 
of the clients? 
 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Yes, we have already taken up to INR 563 crores civil work that is in progress. That 
is 2x700 MW. But, as we know, the policymaking by government is bullish on the 
nuclear side. We have got 8,800 MW of installation in the country. Their plan is to 
make it 1 lakh MW. And that is a very tall task, but it needs lot of supply chain 
management, engineering and technology, then operation and maintenance. 
 
 
And we are looking at it. And now the small modular reactors, SMRs, coming at 200 
MW, 250 MW, that is to be there. Then we have seen recently, the American team 
is there in India to discuss their association with nuclear supply chain business. 
And we will watch that because in the nuclear side, there are two aspects briefly. 
One is a offsite facilities, another is a reactor site facility. 
 
 
The reactor site facilities is very different in terms of quality. But offsite facilities are 
similar like what we do in a power plant, like turbine package, turbine island, and 
then cooling water system and lot of piping works. But we will watch carefully and 
see because nuclear power installation has got its own issues in terms of 
challenges, and that we have to slowly master it and ultimately, we have to enter 
there. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Nikhil Kanodia with Sunidhi Securities. 
 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Firstly, congratulations on the decent set of numbers. Sir, my question revolves 
around what we have seen is lot of infra capabilities have been kind of vanished due 
to the war. So, are we seeing any erection or maybe EPC kind of opportunity in that 
sense? And what could be the opportunity size from that market? 
 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Middle East, as we explained, about INR 300 crores ongoing jobs, mainly in the 
maintenance, manpower supply, and then some jobs we are doing in West Africa. 
At present, our focus is on providing purely manpower supplies for the operation, 
maintenance and then shutdown jobs, etcetera. 
 
 
Now as far as the installation jobs and then major jobs in construction, that we have 
got a strong reference there in international combined cycle gas-based plants, 
about nearly 9262 MW. 
 
But let us wait for the war to end, and then the fresh investment should come up, 
and there can be lot of opportunities there. Already we have got an office set up in 
Dubai and then in West Africa, and we'll be there to see how to take it. 
 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay, sir. The second question is that you mentioned that the market size for your 
power business is around INR 60,000 crores to INR 70,000 crores. So, how much 
are we trying to bid over there, and what is our bid-win ratio over there? 
 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
We have to see what is the hit ratio there? When the competition is there, we have 
to see the fact that there is competition and then the customer's interest in the 
contractors, like Adani, they would prefer to work with us, it is a different matter. 
JSW, perhaps they can have a choice being a private sector. 
 
But all the government jobs, we have to see how the competition will be there. 
Therefore, the general size is that, our previous record is we have been bidding INR 
40,000 crores to INR 50,000 crores of opportunities for bidding. The hit ratio can be 
somewhere about 15%. That is what it is. 
 
 
That's why, this year because of the new opportunities and new areas of the 
business, and then mining side, metal side, and then power sector, more 
investments coming up, and also in some of the infrastructure side, the ongoing 
jobs in railways and roads, we have kept a target of INR 12,000 crores. With that, 
we have kept the opportunities identified about INR 70,000 crores. 
 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay, sir, if I've heard it correctly, you said that INR 70,000 crores is the opportunity 
size for which you will bid for around INR 40,000 crores, INR 50,000 crores, and the 
hit ratio could be around 15%, right? 
 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Yes, that should be correct. 
 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay. Sir, the third part is on the labor. So, like what we have seen is that the kind 
of labor availability is kind of a challenge right now. What are we seeing? What is 
the ground reality when it comes to labor? 
 
What is the kind of price increase that has been there in the labor cost? And when 
do we see the availability of labor coming back to on the fields? 
 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
No, ultimately, I think, the developments in West Bengal, that's where a lot of labor 
comes, particular civil labor. 
 
 
The civil part of the labor mostly comes from West Bengal, Orissa, and then some 
considerable labor is there from Jharkhand and Uttar Pradesh also. Therefore, as 
on today, if you look at it, our total headcount has gone up more than 40,000. Of 
that, 70% to 75% is on the labor side. And then O&M, in that O&M is about 18,000. 
 
In the case of O&M, we don't face any problem because they're all skill-based and 
then semi-skill based, and there is a secured job for five years, three years like that, 
and the people are trained for that. Once they are there in that, we continue to 
employ them, and then when the jobs get renewed, it will be continued. The 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
challenge will be in the construction side and the civil side, and then the installation 
side. 
 
 
So far, we have been managing it and that is how we are able to meet our physical 
targets also. And certainly, some more increase is required. And what we can say, 
based on the record of Power Mech, we have reasonably jacked up the manpower 
requirements, meeting the schedules and contractual requirements. And so far, 
there was no major shortfall of labor in executing the jobs. 
 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay, sir. One last question that you mentioned for the order inflow target for FY27 
is around INR12,000-odd crores. For FY28, what will the target look like? 
 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Maybe in the same range, the INR 12,000 crores to INR 15,000 crores range, it 
depends on the opportunities available. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Ravi with Sundaram Family Investments. 
 
Ravi: 
Sir, congrats on the excellent set of numbers and for the good guidance on the order 
book. I just wanted to reconfirm one understanding. I think in one of the comments, 
you said we are expecting 21%. Is that number for revenue growth, or is that for 
order book growth? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
It is revenue growth, sir. 
 
Ravi: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. That was the only clarification. All the very best. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Vinay Nadkarni with Hathway Investments 
Private Limited. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Yes. somewhere you had said that your growth in MDO operation, there would be a 
7% jump in FY27 and a 13% jump in FY28 after the washery is put up. This is only for 
the. 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Yes. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
The numbers that you gave, you have done INR 106 crores in FY26, and you're 
projecting INR 150 crores. That's almost a 50% jump. 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
The jump is in the percentage of revenue, I'm saying percentage of revenue, sir, the 
7% of the total revenue. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
7% and another 12% on the revenue component. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Secondly, in terms of growth, you've said around 21% growth would be for the 
coming year. 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Yes. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
In EBITDA, you had mentioned around 17%? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
12.5%. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
12.5%? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Yes. A 0.2% to 0.3% jump will be there. 
 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. And can you share the EBITDA numbers because you have given the mining 
EBITDA numbers to be around 15% to 16%. For your mechanical and civil, what 
would be a general EBITDA margins and O&M? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
O&M is always around 15% to 16%, and the remaining construction will always be 
less than 10%. So blended together as of now, with other income, we are 
announcing at 12.3%.  
 
Going forward, we will generate around 12.5% for the coming year. And every year, 
it may jump 0.5% YOY till we reach the PRC, which is in FY30, we'll touch 14%. FY31 
we'll touch around 14.25%. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. Just last question. you had said for civil, it is less than 10%. For mechanical 
also, it will be around the same? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Yes. All erection, civil, everything you can take less than 8% to 10% level of margins. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. Just one small bookkeeping question, which, until last presentation you had 
mentioned Electricals as one of the business segments. This time, you are 
mentioning EPC. Is it the same or is it different? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
No, it is a different business because, actually, earlier the Transmission division 
used to do the transmission erection of the lines and other things. That business is 
over now. So in between, we have taken a railway work, and the team is doing that 
railway activity. So, now we shifted that entire portfolio to the civil business, and we 
added a new line of activity of BOP EPC business. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay, so the electrical part is now covered in the civil work? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Civil, yes. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rohan Advant with Prad Capital. 
 
Rohan Advant: 
Sir, my first question is that in Q4 of FY26, our MDO revenues were INR 226 crores. 
Is that right? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Correct. 
 
Rohan Advant: 
Sir, for the full year FY27, we are guiding INR 500 crores, when in this quarter, we've 
done INR 226 crores. Is there a lot of seasonality through the year? That's why that 
Q4 is so heavy? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
No, actually, the KBP mine, as per the contractual capacity, is 0.4 million is the first 
year of operation we have to supply. But the client accepted higher off take because 
there is a delay of project, so they have taken a higher capacity. During FY 26, 1.6 
million tonnes we supplied from November, average of INR 40 crores of revenue we 
have executed. 
 
 
And March month we scaled up the production and we did around INR 117 crores 
revenue as exceptional. on an average we can do INR 40 crores to INR 50 crores of 
revenue per month going forward. But in between, rainy season will be there, so, by 
factoring all these conditions. we are conservatively factoring this at a INR 350 
crores level. 
 
Rohan Advant: 
Okay. While you started late in the year, a lot of it was compensated in the month 
of March, which was higher volumes, but that's not the sustainable monthly run 
rate, and for full year it will be lower, right? 
 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Yes. 
 
Rohan Advant: 
Got it. Sir, in the last call, which was in February '26, we'd said that by FY28, we can 
touch INR 1,800 crores, INR 1,900 crores in the MDO space. But now we are saying 
it's INR 1,250 crores. So, where's the gap now, sir? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Now the KBP mine, their washery, is not ready from the CCL side. But even though 
it is not in our scope, but as per the contractual terms, our intention was to push 
the client to take the major material. So, this year 1.5 million tons, next year is 3 
million tons. But our intention was to push the client to take the major higher side, 
higher offtake. We are pushing him. 
 
If that happens, we can do the major business. But conservatively, we are 
projecting INR 350 crores level. And the SAIL project, we projected FY28 we will 
reach the PRC. But again, ramping up of the production from zero to again 4 million 
tons in a single year is again a tough challenge. So conservatively, we've projected 
INR 750 crores, and FY29, we are projecting the full capacity in the SAIL project. 
 
Rohan Advant: 
Okay. At full capacity, it will be? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
4 million tons in the SAIL and 5 million tonnes is in the KBP. So, the KBP will touch 
full capacity by '30, and full capacity '29 by the SAIL because the washery is just 
newly constructed, and there will be the first year of operation, we have to see the 
conditions of this washery and everything. Then conservatively we are factoring this 
at a conservative, at a lower value. But we can exceed that number. 
 
Rohan Advant: 
Okay. Sir, in revenue terms, how will it be, 4 million and 5 million tons? How much 
does that translate in revenue crores in '29 and 2030? 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Around INR 2,100 crores to INR 2,200 crores, depends on the escalation value, sir. 
 
Rohan Advant: 
Okay sir. Thank you and all the best. 
 
N. Nani Aravind: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the 
end of question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to Mr. S. K. 
Ramaiah for closing comments. 
 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Thanks for your participation and very interesting questions. And of course, we 
continue to be bullish on our business opportunities. The power sector 
investments growing, maybe another 5 years, we've got a fair outlook of the growth 
in the power sector. And then O&M is a business in which we'll sustain the 
profitability and then growth also. 
 
And we are tracking a lot of new investments, new plants coming up for the O&M, 
and advanced stages of working and closing some of the contracts there. 
Therefore, O&M is a positive thing because of the annual commissioning can go up 
MW to 8,000 MW in a year, and that should throw up a lot of opportunities. 
 
 
Then power sector, we said overall opportunity size is about INR 60,000 crores, and 
considerable orders have been taken on that side, BHEL and then Adani, 
particularly, and then JSW is coming up. Then new investments which will come in 
power sector, we'll continue to track it. 
 
Then in the non-power sector, I said mining site facilities, we are taking an interest, 
and we have done the bid for 1 BOT type of projects, but the outcome is not known, 

 
 
 
Power Mech Project Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
even though we are in a position because of the pricing issues. And then the EPC 
type of jobs are also coming up, about 3 tenders, about INR 10,000 crores in NMDC 
and then steel plants, non-power sector. 
 
 
O&M on the metro side, we have discussed that we have made a beginning in 
Bombay Light Metro, and that should open up a lot more opportunities for 
increasing the O&M profile of the company. Then in the export side, we look for how 
the opportunity takes up, and the particular situation improves in terms of the 
Middle East war. 
 
And then in the West Africa, we are trying to look at new territories in terms of 
Liberia, Senegal, apart from Nigeria. And we are having some discussions in the 
Africa side also for the new investments coming in many of the countries. But 
overall, I can say power sector will continue to drive the business with order 
backlog of 70%, and that will be there in the next couple of years. 
 
 
Our interest is to divert more into similar jobs in steel sector, mining sector, and 
then preferably in other sectors which will come up, oil and gas, etcetera. Let us 
see. And that is how we have kept a target for INR 12,000 crores this year, and that 
should be reasonably possible with an opportunity size of nearly INR 70,000 crores 
for the current year. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ashika Institutional Equities, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
