 
 
 
 
GARWARE HI-TECH FILMS LIMITED
 
CORPORATE OFFICE :  
GARWARE HOUSE, 50-A, SWAMI NITYANAND MARG 
VILE PARLE (EAST), MUMBAI – 400 057. 
 
TEL: 0091-22-6698 8000 (15 LINES)  
WEBSITE: www.garwarehitechfilms.com 
 
CIN: L10889MH1957PLC010889 
 
REGD. OFFICE: NAIGAON, P.O. WALUJ,  
CHHATRAPATI SAMBHAJINAGAR – 431 133 (INDIA) 
 
May 11, 2026 
The Compliance Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001. 
Scrip Code: 500655 
 
 
The Manager, Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051. 
Trading Symbol: GRWRHITECH 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Audited Financial 
Results / Business Performance of the Company for the Quarter 
and Year Ended March 31, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call, 
held on Thursday, May 07, 2026, post declaration of Audited Financial 
Results / Business Performance of the Company for the Quarter and Year 
Ended March 31, 2026. 
 
The aforesaid transcript is also being uploaded on the website of the 
Company: https://www.garwarehitechfilms.com. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
  
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
 
 
Awaneesh Srivastava 
Company Secretary  
FCS 8513 
Encl.: As stated above. 
AWANEESH 
KUMAR 
SRIVASTAVA
Digitally signed by 
AWANEESH KUMAR 
SRIVASTAVA 
Date: 2026.05.11 15:57:47 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                               
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEEPAK JOSHI – DIRECTOR, SALES AND 
MARKETING 
 
MR. ABHISHEK AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. AMAR YARDI – INVESTOR RELATIONS 
  
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. GARIMA SINGLA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Garware Hi-Tech Films Q4 and FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on beliefs, opinion and 
expectation of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not a guarantee of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Garima. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Garima Singla:  
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and I'm Garima Singla, and it's my pleasure to welcome 
you on behalf of Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited. Thank you for joining us today for quarter 4 
and full year FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being hosted by Go India Advisors. 
Please note that today's discussion may include certain forward-looking statements. Therefore, 
they must be viewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 
 
Today, on the call, we are joined by Mr. Deepak Joshi, Director, Sales and Marketing; and Mr. 
Abhishek Agarwal, the CFO. I now invite Mr. Deepak Joshi to present the company's business 
outlook and performance, after which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Thank you, Garima. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope you 
have had a chance to review the presentation that was shared earlier. Let me take a few moments 
to walk you through how the year unfolded for us. Garware Hi-Tech Films is at its heart, a story 
of trust, resilience and long-term relationships built over generations. 
 
While we have grown into a global enterprise, what continues to guide us are the sum of core 
principles, innovation, integrity and a customer-first approach. FY '26 was a year that truly tested 
these values. The global environment remained challenging with geopolitical volatility and 
elevated tariff structure across key export markets. The impact was seen in FY '26 full year with 
most impact in the third quarter. In such a situation, our response was not reactive but measured.  
 
We calibrated our offtake to ensure supply chain continuity and more importantly, to stand by 
our customers and partners and that made the difference. Despite the challenging environment, 
we were able to maintain our market share across key geographies, reflecting the strength of our 
relationship and superior quality competitiveness of our products. As the year progressed, this 
steady and disciplined approach began to translate into stronger performance. 
 
We concluded the year on a strong and positive note. Q1 was the highest ever profitability 
quarter in our history. EBITDA at INR157 crores, up 29% year-on-year basis and margins 
expanding to 26.2% Profit after tax stood at INR108 crores, up 39.1% year-on-year, a clear 
reflection of our operating leverage, improved realization and a stronger product mix. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
 
For the full year, despite the headwinds, we delivered our highest ever revenue and profitability 
with revenue at INR2,120 crores, EBITDA at INR500 crores and PAT at INR338 crores. This 
performance reinforces the resilience of our business model and our ability to navigate cycles 
with discipline. While navigating near-term challenges, we remain equally focused on building 
for the future. We continue to strengthen our value-added product portfolio with the launch of 
sustainable TPU-based UV printable films. 
 
PDLC specialty films, enabling privacy on demand and advanced graphic solutions. During the 
year, we deepened our market presence across both international and domestic markets through 
strategic customer additions and channel expansion initiatives. We witnessed strong traction in 
the U.S. and U.K. with the onboarding of several established distributors from competition, 
reflecting superior quality of our products and unmatched distribution network. 
 
In India, we further expanded our domestic footprint by onboarding 4 large OEMs in automotive 
segment, along with 7-plus strategic addition in our architectural business segment, supporting 
our continued expansion in the fast-growing B2C segment and enhancing our overall market 
reach. Alongside our brand-building efforts are gaining momentum with around 18 lakh annual 
website visits and over 8 crores impression annually across Meta platform, strengthening our 
customer connect. 
 
A key part of our journey has been getting closer to our end customers. Globally, we expanded 
our footprint with 11 new global application studios, including in the UAE and the U.S. In India, 
our Garware application studio network has grown over 250 locations, and we are on track to 
cross 300 shortly. In parallel, we are building our strong consumer-facing platform through 
Garware Home Solutions with 6 studios already operational. 
 
We are confident of scaling this to 50 studios by the end of FY '27. On the manufacturing side, 
we have taken significant steps to prepare for the next phase of growth. During last few years, 
we have developed over INR500 crores towards capacity expansion across 2 PPF, 1 sun control, 
metalizer and 1 TPU and other ancillary lines entirely funded through our internal accruals, 
reflecting strong cash generation and disciplined capital allocation. 
 
We announced an additional INR191 crores investment in a new sun control film line, adding 
around 1,200 lakh square feet capacity, supported by advanced robotics and automation. Even 
after these investments, our balance sheet remains strong and debt-free with a cash reserves of 
INR774 crores, giving us the flexibility to continue investing while maintaining financial 
prudence. Looking ahead, the upcoming TPU line expected to be commissioned by October 
2026 will further strengthen our innovation capabilities. 
 
We are also encouraged by the recognition we have received during the year, including the 
Plexcouncil highest exporter award and being recognized among India's top value creators by 
Dun & Bradstreet. As we look forward, the next phase of growth for Garware Hi-Tech Films 
will be driven by our high-value innovation-led segments, including sun control, paint protection 
films, Graphic Solutions, Garware Home Solutions and TPU-based new products. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
 
When we step back and look at the broader picture, our marketing momentum, disciplined 
capital allocation, expanding D2C platform, accelerating B2B growth and continued product 
innovation makes us well positioned for the next phase of growth. Thank you for your continued 
trust and support. I would like now to hand over to Mr. Abhishek Agarwal, our CFO, to take 
you through the financial performance in detail. Thank you. 
Abhishek Agarwal:  
Thank you, Deepak, and good morning, everyone. Let me take you through the key financial 
highlights for the fourth quarter and full year ended 31st March 2026. We closed FY '26 on a 
strong note with Q4 emerging as one of our best performing quarters. Consolidated revenue for 
the quarter stood at INR597 crores, reflecting a healthy 8.9% year-on-year growth, along with a 
strong sequential recovery. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter came in at INR157 crores, registering a robust 29% year-on-year growth 
with margins expanding to 26.2%. While the PBT stood at INR142 crores, up 31% year-on-year, 
while PAT increased to INR108 crores, up 39% year-on-year, reflecting the strong bottom line 
expansion and improved operating efficiency. For the full year 2026, we delivered a steady 
performance despite a challenging external environment. 
 
Revenue stood at INR2,120 crores, demonstrating resilience in face of tariff-related disruptions 
in the key export markets. EBITDA for the year was INR500 crores, with margins maintained 
at INR23.6 crores -- 23.6%, sorry, reflecting our ability to sustain profitability across cycles. 
PBT came in at INR446 crores, while PAT stood at INR338 crores, with margins improving to 
16%. 
 
Importantly, our balance sheet continues to remain a key strength. We continued to maintain a 
healthy debt-free balance sheet with cash and liquid investments of INR774 crores at year-end. 
Our disciplined capital allocation and strong balance sheet give us the confidence to pursue this 
growth while continuing to enhance stakeholder value. 
 
Thank you all. I will now hand it over to Deepak. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Over to the moderator, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Our first question from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead.  
Mahesh Bendre:  
Sir, one housekeeping question. I mean, for full year, what proportion of our revenue have come 
from the sun control films, paint protection films and rest the commodity products? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So thank you, Mahesh. So our revenues for last year, I mean, were almost 50% from sun 
control films and both 25% from PPF and 25% from IPDs. So that's like a breakup for last year. 
Mahesh Bendre:  
Okay. Sure. And sir, the latest expansion that the plan we have prepared, so when this will 
become operational, which year it will start contributing to our sales? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So this new sun control film expansion, commercial production will start by June 2027. So that 
is Q1 FY '28. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
Mahesh Bendre:  
Okay. So this will be -- I mean, just -- are we -- I mean, this will be carried in the existing plant 
or we are going to set up a new plant? 
Deepak Joshi: 
No, no. This is entirely a new plant, at the same location, but it's a new facility. Our earlier sun 
control, the earlier line, it will be adjacent to that line. But this line will have more features in 
terms of automation and robotics to take us -- I mean, it will be a new experience for our 
consumers for kind of untouched material, which we are trying to make from this new line. It 
will improve our efficiency. It will improve our productivity. At the same time, I mean, it will 
be entirely new experience for our consumers as we are growing at a very fast pace in Sun 
Control business. 
Mahesh Bendre:  
And this entirely will be export focused? Or is it domestic also? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So our strategy, if we see, we focus on the both markets. I mean, both are important. But the 
ratios which we expect like growth all across the territories, though domestic market will also 
grow. But ultimately, it will be like 80%, 75-25 or 80-20 ratio between exports and domestic 
market. That ratio will continue because of the overall growth, which we are targeting for the 
company. 
Mahesh Bendre:  
Sir, last question from my end. Sir, last year, our revenue was flat almost the same revenue what 
we reported in '25. So if we are to look out for next 2 years, what kind of growth we anticipate 
in terms of sales? And given the backward integration project is going to come off, what kind of 
improvement in margin we see in the next 2 years? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So we expect like we have been growing at a CAGR more than 20% for last 4 years, except 
FY '26, which has been purely because of sudden 50% tariff and which was almost there till the 
whole year and around February 20, this all went off. So we didn't get enough time to recover 
what was done in the last year. So that's the reason because if you see 9-month performance was 
around 10% below our previous year FY '25 performance. 
 
But we did a great jump in Q4 by taking revenues and profitability to highest level for us. So 
that means this year, we hope that such situation is not there, right? So we expect minimum 
INR2,500 crores revenue for FY '27, right? And we will maintain 25% plus/minus 2% of the 
guidance. Earlier, we gave plus -- 25% plus/minus 3%. Now we are doing 25% plus/minus 2%.  
 
And we expect some margin improvement when TPU line comes on stream. And with the 
growth of the company strategy now to direct-to-consumer, D2C business. That's why we have 
emphasized that Garware Application Studios, Global Application Studios in U.S. and Middle 
East and Garware Home Solutions. These 3 are directly to the consumers. 
 
So if you really see our strategy, D2C supported by our strong campaigns, marketing campaigns, 
digital campaigns, where you saw around 8 crores impression from Meta platforms only and 
website visits, which used to be like 5,000, 7,000 in a month, it has gone almost close to 1.7 
lakh, INR1.8 lakh a month. So our digital drive and the focus towards the consumer is the key, 
key focus for years to come. And direct-to-consumer is the right strategy. And another one thing 
we are doing, we are selling direct-to-consumer in U.S.A., PPF business also. So all those things 
reflects like the key strategy is D2C, supported by digital marketing. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
And third thing, with the innovative new products, like in Home Solutions, we are doing all sun 
control films, but at the same time, privacy on demand, which are switchable films, that means 
you can make your windows like fully opaque, semi-transparent and full transparent by click of 
a button. 
So these kind of new technologies, which will -- we want to make this technology to go to every 
standard homes in India. And then it will go to abroad. So with all those strategies, I mean, our 
major focus is brand building and direct-to-consumer focus. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Dikshi Jain from InCred. 
Dikshi Jain: 
Congratulations on great numbers. My questions were mostly regarding, first, are there any 
exclusive partnerships that we have done with several OEMs or brands for our PPF sales in 
India? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, definitely. We have 4 big partnerships with OEMs. That means direct agreement with the 
OEMs. So they take our material to their showrooms. We have 4 such strong partnerships and 2 
are already in discussion and samples are already approved. So that is already there. 
Dikshi Jain: 
Okay. And what are the current utilization levels at all our facilities? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So our sun control lines are running around 75% to 80%. So with current expected CAGR 
of around 15%, 20% growth there, which we are expecting for this year. By next year, we will 
be fully utilized. So that's why we have announced this capex of INR191 crores for sun control 
lines. PPF, we are running at the rate of around 85% to 89% at current rate. So that also we 
expect to go full, and we will use some fungibility of the new sun control line and think of future 
expansion, if required on that. And rest TPU line is on target that is coming on October this year. 
So that's the operating rate for us as of now. 
Dikshi Jain: 
Last question from my side, the antidumping duty that was supposed to come on the cheap 
imports that are happening from China and Korea. So any update on that? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, that might be a question. I mean, there may be some interest or confidentiality. But the news 
is that all hearing, submissions and everything happened, all visits what government officials 
do, that has also been done. So we expect a positive news pretty soon as fast as maybe this month 
or next month. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth. 
Rahul Jain:  
So first of all, congratulations to the entire team of Garware Hi-Tech, to the promoters also, 
wonderful set of numbers and in a tough environment for the last 1 year. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Thank you very much. 
Rahul Jain:  
Yes. So Deepak, we have been talking in the previous 2 calls about our focus on Middle East. 
So just to -- and we had formed a subsidiary, which was supposed to get completed in this quarter 
4. And we had spoken that various other strategies are being put in place, including on the 
marketing side and also whether how this subsidiary would further be available for some other 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
options, including sales across other regions as well as there was a discussion about some 
manufacturing plant. So first of all, if you can talk about where are we in terms of sales today in 
Middle East? What are the various steps being taken? And where do you see Middle East sales 
going up in the next 1 or 2 years? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So see, we consider Middle East, North Africa region MENA, which is a growth -- biggest 
growth driver for us. As of now, let me tell you, the sale of that is roughly around $15 million. 
And we expect that a growth of around 25% to 30% CAGR for the year. So we are targeting $20 
million to $22 million in -- during this year, right? So that's growth pattern. Now how did this 
happen? 
 
Like we said, we have a separate team, which is -- which comes from the top competition and 
the entire team is built in the Middle East, and they are growing pretty fast. The subsidiary has 
already been completed. The work has been completed. Now there is some -- already some work 
has gone into this some kind of, I would say, manufacturing or some kind of value addition. That 
work is going on. 
 
And the primary purpose of that of any kind of unforeseen situation from anywhere in the world 
like we faced last year, we are -- we will be well poised to cater our customers with this kind of 
flexibility. So that was the purpose, and we are well on track for that. So I've shared you like the 
targeted numbers and what we are doing there, and this work is in progress. And when there is 
any further update, we'll update you on that. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. And sir, with regards to this capex, which we have announced, so PPF, we are already at 
85%, 89% utilization as what you mentioned to the previous participant. And SCF is probably 
around 75%, 80%. So, with that understanding, I would have thought you must have already 
decided or thought about or discussing about a new PPF line. 
 
But before a new PPF line, we are going ahead and building up a new SCF line, almost 30% 
capacity addition. So just to understand the scenario behind this, is it because the demand is 
quite robust in terms of SCF and architectural film, which is a part of SCF, which is why we 
have announced this SCF expansion prior to going for one more PPF line? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. See, I will tell you the growth in SCF has been pretty rapid. Of course, PPF is also growing 
us very fast. But next year -- see, SCF means we are a very well-known brand in India and U.S. 
Global is a well-known brand for automotive. So you see that growth is always there despite like 
we have hit a quite strong market penetration on that. But at the same time, all architectural 
growth also comes from there. 
 
And if you see our new initiative, which is -- which are coming from Garware Home Solutions, 
which is like architectural is in a big demand. I can always say that the sky is the limit for 
architectural business because everywhere there is a glass -- a film can be put on that glass. In 
architectural, it is the world because if you see the normal sun control films, safety and security 
films, the films which are on privacy, privacy on demand. 
 
And finally, the -- I can say the -- when you can see -- I mean, we make the products which are 
dual reflective or reflective. So you see options are unlimited in architectural segment. And we 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
just started that work 2, 3 years back, right? So we are growing pretty fast there. With GHS on 
board and architectural other brands like we are on all airports now, railways now and big 
hospitality chains are already under our contract in last 1 to 2 years. This growth, we are 
expecting the fastest. 
 
We might grow around 25% to 30% as well with the support of GHS and architectural business. 
So that's why the need for sun control film came first. And another thing is sun control capacity 
is bigger than the PPF when we put a new line. That means PPF lines because of its speed and 
microns, it produces roughly 25 lakh square feet in a month, whereas sun control film can 
produce 125 lakh square feet in a month. 
 
So what happens is when we put sun control plant, that means fungibility wherever we are sure 
that PPF will also go 100% utilization by next year, but we can do the fungible business, which 
we have done in the past for PPF as well in sun control line. So that's the rationale behind putting 
a sun control line ahead of a PPF line. 
Rahul Jain:  
Okay. I thought there is something to do with even one of our large customers who just on 
yesterday's con call mentioned about the environment changing from demand limited to more 
of capacity limited. That's the statement made by one of our large customers in yesterday's con 
call. So maybe we are trying to build capacity somewhere and keeping that in mind. 
Deepak Joshi: 
No, that growth, I think -- let me tell you, our growth has been phenomenal. And the large 
customer may buy because these customers buy sun control as well, PPF as well, right? So sun 
control is -- see, let me tell you, I just answered the first question, like 50% of our revenues are 
from sun control. So anyway, sun control is our like number 1 product. And if you see the growth 
is also the fastest in that. 
 
Everything is linked to that, right? And building a sun control line, anybody can say anything, 
but it's one of the toughest challenge that people have. And our lines, I can't tell the details, but 
they are so advanced that people can't compete with that kind of operations done at one go. Like 
they are built by our own team. There are very unique operations with all of that sun control 
machine, which nobody has in the world. So we know our sun control business is a unique 
model, which is growing very fast. 
 
There is no stopping to that. And PPF, of course, is growing very fast for us and with -- like 
previous participant asked about antidumping and similar many measures are going here, Middle 
East and U.S.A. and especially direct-to-consumer is one of the first priority in PPF. So that 
growth is unmatched. I didn't say that we will not put another PPF line, but we are continuously 
growing in sun control, in PPF and of course, TPU as a backward integration, we will have more 
demand. So that will also be decided by the company where to move fast, but we are on a takeoff 
mode on all 3 products. 
Rahul Jain:  
That's very heartening to know, Deepak, sir. Last thing on architecture films, you didn't mention 
much about our architecture. In the previous call, we had mentioned that we are about to do 
about INR300 crores in FY '26 and that INR300 crores moving to INR400 crores in FY '27 and 
further to INR500 crores in FY '28. Now given the changes which have happened in terms of 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
the tariff changes and also your thrust on Middle East, do we expect this architectural films to 
be higher than the number which we have given in the previous call? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, it's very difficult to give each numbers ahead. So what I'm saying is like we are quite 
confident to reach INR2,500 crores for the coming year. And whatever we add into new products 
like graphic solutions, PDLCs and printable PPF and all those things, this will be definitely on 
top of that, right? So the growth which we -- and whatever happens cannot happen in a year's 
time. We are building the ground. That's what I said. The important thing is company's strategy 
for the future. Their strategy is direct-to-consumer. 
 
Their strategy is building stronger new product developments, R&D and a channel which 
remains there with the help of consumers, right? All others are definitely there. We are strong in 
-- I mean, B2B segment. We are strong with OEs because they like the product, they like the 
quality and on much bigger hospitality and other industries, including railways and airport, 
right? 
 
But our ultimate goal is to penetrate everywhere, but it should be -- the brand should be visible 
in terms of consumers. So that's the first priority with the digital penetration. So I'm giving you 
this number of INR2,500 crores plus, plus a growth of 20% CAGR, which we have done in last 
4 years, barring last year, right? So that will include everything. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Saransh Gupta from SVAN Investments. 
Saransh Gupta:  
Yes, congratulations on a very good set of numbers. I had a few questions. So firstly, I just 
wanted to understand like how is the industry dynamics right now like with the war going on in 
the Middle East. So how has the dynamics changed if we talk about from post January and what 
are they currently? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. See, on the war, like somebody said, I will repeat, this is not the first war and this won't be 
probably the last war. The world will go like that. We -- as the company, if you really see, we 
have seen a COVID time when we really performed well, where shipping lines were not 
available, people were not available, but we performed and we guided the company to new 
heights. 
 
Then came to the tariff situation. Before that, Russia was a big market, then there was a conflict. 
And then I said this tariff, which was the biggest like headwinds for us, right? So now this Middle 
East thing has come. But let me tell you one thing, the good thing about Garware is that it has 
got -- it supplies over 90 countries in the world. So when U.S.A. is in trouble, Europe and Eastern 
Europe helps us. 
 
When there is a issue in some other part of the world, the other part helps. In the Middle East 
region, whenever there is a problem, we have like other areas which really perform well because 
I think somehow the material reaches there, but through different routes. So we have all -- and 
we are in touch with our customers. This -- and we are not feeling any negative impact. I mean, 
it's a supply chain is difficult. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
 
But ultimately, business is going as usual there. Again, even if there is a -- I mean, more trouble 
into that, but we are poised to sail through that. And in terms of like our sailings, we are -- in the 
past also, we have avoided Hormuz and we have also avoided Suez Canal. It takes longer route, 
a little more on expenses on -- I mean, logistics and all, but that is only a very small part of our 
sales. Like I said in our previous conference calls, when things were very, very tough due to 
tariff situation, I said that the company has a motto that we will not lose a single customer. 
whatever it takes because we know it's -- there will be a brighter time. 
 
So we held on to that. We made our inventories to sustain in a way that whenever the opportunity 
comes, people can refill, the customers can refill their inventories to lead -- to sail through it 
successfully. Same thing with all those things, we always think for future like how we can cater 
that market in the best possible way. And in the current situation, we see it's not as big as like 
the last year, as big as trouble it was last year. So it is being handled very nicely, I can say. 
Saransh Gupta: 
Just a follow-up on that in the last con call, you did mention that due to the tariff, our inventories 
are at the port and we are just waiting for the tariff to subside so that we can export -- we can 
release those inventories. So how is the situation from the supplier end right now? Like at what 
position we are in the inventory? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So whatever we said, actually, that held true, and that's why we did a good job in the -- in second 
half of February and March. We released most of the goods, I can say. I mean, required by the 
consumer at that time. We still have a good, I can say, roughly, if we talk of the U.S. territory, 
it's around 16 million is already there in transit plus warehousing. 
 
Plus we are making more goods for the consumer because the demand and the season is coming, 
and it is one of the best seasons which we have always Q1 and Q2. So I gave you the inventory 
numbers, and it's a good demand cycle going on. That's all I can say right now. 
Saransh Gupta:  
And second question is, sir, as you mentioned that from 6 home studios, how many we'll get in 
this year. So how big of this segment can it be if I see for at least 3, 4 years, 5 years? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Sorry, I was not able to hear. You are talking of Garware Home Solutions or Garware or Global 
Application Studios? 
Saransh Gupta:  
No, no, sir. Basically I'm talking about Garware Home Solutions 
Deepak Joshi: 
Garware Home Solutions, yes. So like we said, we opened 6 in a very quick succession and 
around 4 to 5 are already in pipeline due to the time schedule, we are opening them, right? So 
by end of this year, target is 50, right? To open the 50 studios in different parts of India, right? 
And this is definitely -- the concept of this is, as our distributors, dealers are pretty big in size to 
cater these smaller homebuyers, we are opening these studios in every -- in neighborhood so that 
the smaller ticket size job can be done. 
 
Of course, it's a higher-margin job, right? And that -- the ultimate idea is direct-to-consumer 
strategy. That fits into our D2C model, direct-to-consumer model where most of the work will 
be done through, I mean, digital mode. That means the payments and ordering and all flows will 
be digital mode. That work is still into -- I mean, making. But the market is really responding 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
well, and we are getting great responses from the homebuyers because this is something new for 
them. 
 
They were never able to get these kind of small ticket supplies from us. And I'm very happy 
when I was in Delhi and Gurgaon and we opened there, I met many customers and they said, 
this small ticket size business from Garware, which is a big brand name, this is helping us. And 
we are using a lot of influencers to update people about these kind of new offerings. And happy 
to share that we are getting outstanding response from the market on this. 
Saransh Gupta:  
We saw during plant visit the kind of value-added products that you made. I want to understand 
like how big this segment can become in future like SC? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So as I said, we just started it's in nascent stages, and it's very like a digital-driven business. So 
we expect like by next financial year-end, we should cross around INR200 crores from Garware 
Home Solutions plus other new products together because this all mostly would be part of 
Garware Home Solutions. And going forward, our aim is higher than that. But at least I can say 
for next financial year, FY '28, we should cross INR200 crores business from Garware Home 
Solutions and plus added new products like PDLC and others. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Akhand Pratap Singh from JM Financial Mutual Fund. 
Akhand Pratap Singh:  
Sir, my question is related to refund of tariffs from the U.S.A. government, which implemented 
earlier actually. So what kind of amount we are expecting? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, this amount is definitely whatever we pay is being refunded. But -- and we are in touch with 
authorities also, and we have opened the account. But this is like I'm not sure like I cannot 
guarantee because this is a government matter. And the time it comes, definitely, I mean, then 
only I can confirm about that because it's something which is accounting-related matter. But let 
me tell you, when from 50% tariff, we did such a great job. We only like maintained what we 
could do in FY '25. 
 
We managed that in FY '26 as well. Without tariff, I think we have a big, I think, a big way to 
go, and we are targeting like 25%, 30% growth there. So on that number, I'm avoiding because 
it may not -- when it comes, it's like accounting. We would like to be conservative. And whatever 
is in our end, we are focusing on that, right? What is the strategy for the company, how big that, 
we are focusing on something which is in our end, we will not let that go. 
 
Like in our end was not to lose a single customer, which we did. Now this tariff, whenever it 
comes, that's great. And we'll have to see like on the accounting standards, how it is to be put 
into our books. And some of them, we might have to give for the consumers also, right? So -- 
but definitely, there will be a positive news on that. 
Akhand Pratap Singh:  
Okay. And sir, second question related to this input cost rise. So there is a significant increase 
in the raw material cost. So just wanted to know the kind of inventory gain we will be having? 
Are we like reporting the better margins in the Q1 and how we will be managing this cost 
increase actually? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, we have like very great agreements with our consumers because we are always transparent 
with them. Like in the -- during tariff time also, we were very transparent with them like what 
should be the number, how we will compete into the market. We are not the people like if there 
is a 50% tariff, we will put on our consumers and our customers and do away. 
 
We have always been very understanding. Same way our customers are also understanding 
because the situation, we have a scientific method where we see the correlation between the raw 
materials, which is PTA and MEG versus our IPD products versus our CPD products. So in all 
that likelihood, we went to the market and discuss with them, and we were able to get that kind 
of increase from our customers in a very healthy and ethical way. 
Akhand Pratap Singh:  
Okay. Okay, sir. And sir, in PPF business, can you tell what is the proportion between the direct-
to-consumer and B2B? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So you mean margins between D2C and the -- I mean, big customers -- distributor. That's what 
you are asking. 
Akhand Pratap Singh:  
Yes. You mentioned B2B as well actually in the -- yes. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, yes. So in D2C, it is usually, I can say, 30%, 40% higher than the distributor margin. It 
depends case-to-case basis, how do we negotiate. But D2C is always better because then there 
are no distributors or dealers in between. You are directly handling those things. But in that, the 
real cost comes of your digital marketing and penetration. But of course, the margins are 
definitely 25%, 30% higher than the distributor margins. 
Akhand Pratap Singh:  
Revenue front, what... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt you, sir, but you may please rejoin the queue. 
Akhand Pratap Singh:  
Yes. Just last question. Revenue share, I was looking for, sir, from the D2C and B2B in the PPF 
business? 
Deepak Joshi: 
That is -- let me tell you, this is just -- we started this campaign maybe 2 years back with Garware 
Application Studios. But Global Application Studio is -- we started like 6 months back only. So 
as of now, I can estimate the D2C business is only 10% of overall our revenue. In India, it is like 
-- I can say it's like 40% as high as. But together with world market, I can say it is only 10% to 
15% right now, right? But it's growing very fast, and that's the future for us. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Nikhil Chaudhary from Toro Wealth managers LLP. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Congratulations on a fantastic end to the year in a despite a challenging environment. I had 2 
questions. Rest of the questions have been answered. In the Q3 call, we had mentioned that we 
have some partnerships that are going on with the Chinese players using our global brand. Any 
status update on any partnership that we have signed? 
 
And what could be the outlook with respect to these partnerships? And in the PPT, we have 
mentioned about 4 OEMs onboarded. Is it in the PPF business? Is it like an OEM like the 
Mahindra tie-up that we did? That we had a couple of quarters back? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
So answering the second question first. So yes, it is the same tie-up which we did with Mahindra 
& Mahindra. Similar because I'm not naming name for the competitive safety for us. So we have 
now 4 in our books and another 2 are already under discussions are going on. So you are right 
on that. And that's how the growth into PPF is continuously happening in the domestic market. 
So this is your second question. And first question, yes, the discussion is still on because 
honestly, after tariff, the situation changed for us and the order flow increased so big. 
 
In Q3, of course, that was like somewhere in February, we updated you on that. So that 
discussion is still going on because some of the agreements are still being discussed because that 
would be a long-term partnership. We are still in discussion. And we are hopeful that, that will 
definitely help us in PPF business going forward. It's not yet concluded, but we are making sure 
that it goes in the right direction. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Got it. Got it. And what would be the U.S. share in Q4? I guess it was not mentioned in the PPT. 
Middle East, you mentioned in one of the answers that it is around 15 million, Middle East and 
North African region, which is around 6% of the revenues. What would be the U.S. share for Q4 
and full year? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Once second, what is the U.S. -- yes. So it is -- last year, it was 45%. It was -- I mean, if you talk 
of FY '25, it was 48%. Last year, because of tariff and all situation, it was 45%. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of A Sriram Palaniappan from ithoughtpms. 
A Sriram Palaniappan: 
My first question is on one of our customers has indicated plans to move towards in-house 
manufacturing of PPF. So how should we think about the potential impact on our business over 
the medium term? And also what is our medium-term goal with Global Application Studio? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So that -- I mean, that kind of announcement, actually, that has been discussed. I think there 
is no direct impact because we are not the only supplier for them. And whoever you are talking, 
I mean, there are others as well. So we don't see any challenge in our volumes. But at the same 
time, we are always working because we always want to go to the market, and that's how we are 
now 40% into D2C market in the domestic market and overall 10% to 15% in our portfolio for 
PPF. 
 
So for us, we don't see any challenge on that. In fact, we are like we are now 85%, 89% of run 
ability, 85% to 89%, and we are full with order books on that. So there is no challenge which 
we see into that, right? Because -- and the second thing is our major market is -- major thing is 
sun control, which is 50% of our revenue generator. And that we are continuously growing even 
with the stronger with a stronger strength going forward, right? 
 
So that is there. And when you talk about global application studio that are like in U.S.A. and 
Middle East. So they are continuously in -- we have a target for both the places. Like overall, 
we should have at least -- I mean, I can say, 50% for next 1 year. That's the target which we are 
keeping for Garware -- Global Application Studios. 
 
And they will be -- when we say there will be like currently 10% to 15% volumes coming from 
them, Garware and Global Application Studios. And we definitely would like to go 25% and 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
then 35% as a target going forward for our business. And that will add -- that will increase our 
margins. So that's the -- and second thing is the brand visibility will increase more and more. 
A Sriram Palaniappan:  
Got it, sir. And within the SCF sales in FY '26, can we know what is the contribution of 
architectural... 
Deepak Joshi: 
Okay. Architectural, it is around 25% of total sun control sales. But that is growing. I can say 
25% to 30% is moving towards that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Riya Mehta from Equitas. 
Riya Mehta: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is in terms of you are focusing 
that Garware will now become more of a D2C brand, et cetera. So what kind of investments are 
we doing with this in terms of marketing and all ad spend, et cetera. So will our margins be 
lower than the B2B for some time? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, our strategy is not -- we are not stopping B2B to grow into D2C, right? So what is 
happening, this work has been -- we have been doing this work since last 1 year, right, where 
our D2C focus is increasing. And we already did a great marketing campaign last year, which 
was part of the current performance of FY '26, where our impressions were close to INR8 crores 
from Meta platforms only. 
 
And apart from that, our -- we revamped all our websites and put a new effort so that everybody 
sees actually what we are doing into the market. And in Garware Home Solutions, we are directly 
building a channel, which is -- you can order online, these kind of things with the app and our 
website, right? These efforts, definitely, we have budgeted for this year as well. Last year, we 
already started spending on that. This year also, we budgeted these kind of things into our 
numbers already. 
 
So I can say there is a slight increase in our marketing budget. But definitely, D2C is going to 
be 25% to 30% higher margin than B2C even for this year. And -- but the volumes for this year 
is not that great. I think the next year, it will be even bigger. But these numbers of -- will not 
change like the more spending on branding because we have done that as a mix of our business 
strategy, where OEM we are growing, right? And these hospitality industry, all big hotel chains 
are doing great with us. And then the airport authority, railways and all those things are helping 
us to grow on all around. So that's the strategy for us. 
Riya Mehta:  
Got it. And in terms of the current results, what would be the currency appreciation in the entire 
result, impact? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Sorry... 
Riya Mehta: 
Dollar appreciation -- impact of dollar appreciation -- constant currency growth? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, on the currency, we definitely get advantage. I won't say no on that. But our raw materials 
like previously asked like the raw materials, PTA and MEG and plus some of the chemicals and 
raw materials, they are either imported directly or on import parity basis. So I can say 45% to 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
50% impact is definitely nullified with that, right? So for the balance, definitely, we get an 
advantage of that. Exact number, Abhishek, can we give? Do we have some kind of thing on 
that? I'm just asking our CFO on that. Definitely, as I said, 50% is naturally hedged because our 
import or import parity business is there. Balance, definitely, we get advantage of that. 
Riya Mehta:  
Raw material availability and the pricing currently, are we able to pass on the entire incremental 
raw material price hike? This is for both your traditional business of films as well as the PPF 
and SCF because -- basically 2 questions, availability and ability to pass on the price hike? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. I can tell you that we have been able to pass maximum of it because industrial product 
business is normally -- the consumer are directly affected, so we do that. So that is already passed 
on. In consumer, it takes time. But with the help of inventory, like everybody knows, it's no 
secret that the kind of inventory we get the appreciation. And by the time price increase comes, 
we are good with that. So I can say no negative impact of that. In fact, slight positive impact 
might be there because of that. 
Riya Mehta:  
Got it. And my last question would be that with the current interest rates going up and inflation 
also picking up in various geographies that you cater to, or do you see any impact of demand 
anywhere? Or you see people curtailing down the cost because this is not a staple cost and more 
of a discretionary spend? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Sorry. Can you repeat the question, please? 
Riya Mehta:  
With the current inflationary scenario and interest rates also hiking, do you see any impact on 
demand? Or do you see any kind of slowdown coming in from any places because it's a 
discretionary spend after all? 
Deepak Joshi: 
I think the kind of segment we are in, it's not a commodity where people do. This is really -- I 
mean, if you're referring to kind of global -- you're talking about global warming and the 
situation? 
Riya Mehta:  
No, no, no. I'm talking about inflation and interest rates in the current environment. 
Deepak Joshi: 
So honestly, this -- whatever is happening is happening in the peak season, that's summer for us. 
And in that, like demand really remains high for us in India for like 3 months, 4 months. And in 
the world, it is yet to come. So people have started building their thing. So we are not seeing that 
kind of impact. This might be more can be visible during weak season of Q3. But fortunately, 
for us, all those things is happening into the peak season. 
 
So we are not seeing the impact as of now. The demand is pretty high in this season. And in fact, 
unfortunately, wherever there is more buildings coming up, I can't refer directly. But if you really 
see, there is a lot of new construction is going on everywhere, including Middle East. So that's 
a good opportunity for the company. That's why we are focusing more into the Middle East. 
Riya Mehta:  
Got it. And in terms of next... 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
I'm so sorry to interrupt you, Riya, please rejoin the queue. Our next question comes from the 
line of Nilesh Jain from Astute Investment Management Private Limited. 
Nilesh Jain:  
My question was on the TPU line, which is going to come out in October. Broadly, I wanted to 
understand, largely, this is given the backward integration. Have you identified any other 
products for the 25% which you mentioned, we'll be using apart from the PPA? 
Deepak Joshi: 
I mean, your question is for the new -- sorry, the question is for the TPU business, right? So like 
we said, it is -- it can be used 100% in the PPF for the margin improvement. But we have built 
a new team, R&D team, which is working on some products, and we have identified already 2 
products where we will start our first foray into from the TPU business, right? One is the 
automotive product and one is the architectural product. 
 
So with that product -- with these 2 products, we are definitely -- we'll start our sales, which will 
be like because it's starting in the Q3 of this year. So in 3, 4 months, I think there will be a very 
minimal revenue, but we will set targets for the next year. So these 2 products, definitely, we are 
eyeing on from the start of the TPU business. And if that goes successful, then it will be -- I 
mean, a big potential. And let me tell you about one of the product is being used widely in U.S.A. 
and Europe market and not touched by anybody in India. So that can be a good product for us in 
architectural segment from TPU. 
Nilesh Jain:  
Okay. Given -- you mentioned you're adding capacity on SCF side, what I understand, given 
your current utilization is 80% and it will be fully utilized for this year and the additional capacity 
is going to come in next year, which will be close to an additional 20% capacity. Don't you feel 
there's a constraint on capacity to grow? So you might need to add PPF line as well given -- 
operating at 90%? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Like I gave you the example that the growth -- the major growth drivers are both PPF and sun 
control. But D2C business from Garware Home Solutions is growing very fast. And the line size 
of window film, this lamination line is much bigger than the PPF, right? So we can use the 
fungibility for PPF business definitely because it will also be full. And then we will think of how 
the growth is going. We are conservative in that, but we are -- we know the right capital 
allocation. 
 
So the decision was between PPF and window films, and we have taken the decision of window 
film lamination line because the size is much bigger. It's 4x production comes as compared to 
PPF, right, because of the thickness and all those things. So we'll use that fungibility to make 
more PPF. And here, the growth of D2C business, GHS and architectural, which is growing very 
fast will be catered directly from sun control line. So that's the rationale behind putting this line. 
Nilesh Jain:  
Sure. And just last clarification... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Jain, but please rejoin the queue for more questions. 
Nilesh Jain:  
I just want a clarification... 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, yes, just go ahead. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Nilesh Jain:  
What would be the standard tariff which we would be paying right now? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Total tariff. So I'll explain you. The original tariff between before, I can say before this 
administration came was 6.26%, right? That was the standard till last year when it went added 
10%, then added 25%, then added 50%. So we'll talk of additional tariffs, which is only 10% 
now as compared to 50% last year. So 6.26% is already there. It was always there. But 50% was 
on top of that, now only 10% on top of this. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities Private 
Limited. 
Sunil Jain:  
Congratulations on good numbers. Sir, my question relates to whatever the sales you are doing 
in your own brand, whether you are able to pass it on the whole price increase or whole cost 
increase because of all these raw material price increases? Or B2B, you may have some 
agreement, but B2C, is that happening at a stretch or it will take some time? 
Deepak Joshi: 
No. Actually, honestly, we are able to pass that on because if you really see this -- when we talk 
of our product -- industrial product business, there is almost a big correlation. I can say, 45% to 
50% directly into these raw materials, which is because of the crude oil jumping and all those 
things. There, the market reacts pretty quickly, and we were able to do that. So that was number 
one. 
 
Number two, when we talk of our consumer products and PPF business, PPF business is mainly 
driven by TPU and adhesives and all those things. There, the increase was not that big because 
they are not directly linked to crude, right? So there, the increase was minimal, but still we were 
able to take our price increase there. Now the third factor is sun control business, which is based 
on polyester. 
 
There, the impact of overall, whatever if INR100 is increased is only INR10 on the polyester 
film because rest of the components are high value addition on coatings, on adhesives, on nano 
dispersion and all those things. There, we have seen that correlation going to like between, I can 
say, approximately 10%, 12% or 15% even. And there, calibrately, we were able to take 
advantage of that -- sorry, we were able to take the price increase on a different, different 
situation from different customers. 
Sunil Jain: 
So out of the total sales, how much is we are selling in our own brand like Garware and Global? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So if we see roughly 55% goes into own Garware brands and -- Garware or Global, I mean, our 
brands and roughly 40% to 45% goes into the private labels. And that may be like direct private 
labels or neutral labels. 
Sunil Jain: 
Okay. And sir, last question related to the coming quarters. See, last year, Q1 was impacted 
because of the seasonal rain and also duty, which came up in the U.S. Generally, you said that 
Q1 is a strong seasonal quarter. But if you see last year, there was a substantial decline from Q4 
to Q1. So generally, Q1 is softer than Q4 or it's equal or better than Q4? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
Sir, you answered the question. Last -- we say Q1 is the strongest because of the seasonal -- our 
major market is exports. So for exports, it's like June, July, August, September. These are the 
strongest season in U.S. and Europe, right? So in such situation, this -- I can say, April, May, 
that is Q1 is the right time for the ordering from us. So that's why it is always a strong season.  
 
And in India, this is like up to June is the strong season because of heat comes that season and 
then rain comes, right? So last year, the situation, this did not happen. There were 2 things. One, 
domestic market, the rain started coming in the month of April and also and beginning of May. 
And it never stopped. It continued till the monsoon last year. And also, the tariff situation made 
it very uncertain in U.S. for the ordering and everything, right? So in this year, we don't see that 
challenge. So you answered your question, sir, on your own. 
Sunil Jain: 
Okay. Just was confirming. So India sales... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you but you may please rejoin. Our next question comes from the line of 
Swechha Jain from ANS Wealth. 
Swechha Jain: 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. Sir, my first question is on the SCF, the new capex. Sir, how 
much of this would be for the automotive part? And how much of this would be for the home 
solutions, the sales that you are expecting on this capex, sir? And what would be the asset 
turnover from this, sir? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Okay. So on the new capex, see, Garware, let me tell you, this -- overall, this addition is roughly 
30% of capacity addition, right? So if we see GHS, we don't see like from this plant, how much 
it will go into which product line. I'll be very honest with you. When we put the line, we put the 
line based on what sale increase we are seeing. That is what is the CAGR where we are going to 
grow and where I should need this capacity. So based on that, current 75% to 80% will almost 
finish by Q2 of next year. 
 
That was the estimate. Of course, we can do some debottlenecking on the old plants, and we will 
not lose any sales because of that. So that's the reason to put the new plant. Now GHS, we have 
a separate target where we are talking because the volumes won't be great, like imagine a home. 
I'll give you some numbers. Like if you really see, we -- our distributor or dealers, the second 
guy, distributor buys like 5 lakh, 7 lakh square feet in a month and a dealer buys maybe 50,000 
square feet or 1 lakh square feet. 
 
But a homebuyer need like 50 square feet or 70 square feet. So that demand, we can cater -- the 
idea to do that to reach every home means to make that even if that business goes to 20 lakh 
square feet, which is not even 7%, 8% of our business, but we will be catering a big part of the 
country and the revenue generation can happen anywhere between INR50 crores for 1 year and 
the next year around INR200 crores with all the PDLCs and everything. 
 
So -- but that is the idea that to make the brand present everywhere and at the same time, increase 
the sales from different channels, right? Because if you really see the company when we were 
doing only IPD and CPD in sun control, sun control and IPD business, our revenues used to be 
INR750 crores, INR800 crores. Then we strategically increased the CPD business towards 
architectural business then we went to INR1,300 crores, right? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
 
Then we added this PPF business and along with the growth in architectural and normal sun 
control business, we reached a level of INR1,600 crores in FY '24, right? And then with the 
growth in these 2 new lines coming and everything, we reached INR2,100 crores last year. So 
the idea is our products, when we increase the product basket, it helps us because when we were 
not doing PPF, many customers were not coming only for sun control because it's a basket order.  
 
Now we are doing sun control for automotive, we are doing sun control for architectural, we are 
doing sun control for safety, security, decoration and dual reflection. And then we are talking of 
now architectural in the home solutions. Then we are adding TPU for architectural and 
automotive. So we are continuously increasing our segment. Each segment, even if adds INR100 
crores to INR200 crores value, that will drive our next growth upto INR2,500 crores, INR3,000 
crores in like this year and next year. So that's where we are moving. 
Swechha Jain:  
Right. So sir, just a follow-up. So when you say architectural, so help me understand on the 
architectural side, what is the addressable market for us? I mean I'm so sure we have chalked out 
an internal plan for us that what is the most attractive products for us in the architectural, what 
geography looks most attractive for us? And help me understand, I know it's a very basic 
question that I'm asking, but home solution, what I understand is a subset in architectural, right? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, yes. 
Swechha Jain: 
So what is the strategy like which geography, which product, what is the revenue potential? And 
what kind of margins that we have internally chalked out for us for next 2, 3 years? If you can 
help me understand that, sir? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, that will be like -- I'll answer the question in a strategic way because if I give the numbers, 
margins and everything, so the people who are just eyeing on these things will definitely that's -
- we work -- everybody works with a strategy, right? So we have a best strategy in place. Now 
to answer your question, I'll give you in a broad level, like there is a big market potential in 
U.S.A. where we have like made a team from one of the number 1 competition in U.S.A. 
 
Second biggest market or I can say fastest-growing market, even more than U.S.A. is the Middle 
East because if you see it's an ideal market for sun control business because there is a lot of sun 
and there is hardly any -- there is no rain and there is hardly any winter, right? And the maximum 
development is happening. So that's why 2 years back, we took a call. We made a strong team 
there and the team now working, I can say that proudly that one of the segment of Dubai Mall 
is also done by us. 
 
So that's the quality of our product, but it was missing the kind of the team which goes, which 
has got relation, which has got that kind of drive -- so we have done that. And now with that 
subsidiary there, which is directly working with all -- because if we are there, we can directly 
add value to our sales team there. I mean they can definitely take advantage of local thing, right?  
 
So that market is -- now you can see the growth, we see Middle East and North Africa region is 
like something a big target for us. Then coming back to India, again, we made a team, which 
was no focus on to automotive. It's to fully dedicated for architectural business. Now 
architectural business, we already did railways, airports, all airports, railways and then best 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
hospitality chains are working with us and also some OEs who make like your -- would redesign 
your entire home, bathrooms and everything, we have directly tied up with them, right? 
 
Now next thing is these -- how to cater to the smaller guys and make a brand, right? If you go to 
B2B, they will test your product, they will say, forget about it. I will make my brand, your 
product is outstanding. But how do I grow the business of Garware or Global to the end 
consumer. So that's where the Garware Home Solution and Garware and Global Application 
Studios come into picture. 
 
The product is great, but the name is also great. So there, the margin will be, like I said, will be 
30%, 40% higher than distributor level and the branding will be there. And at the same time, 
there -- the strategy works that there is a separate team. There is a -- now the question is you are 
talking of the TAM, right? Now the TAM in this is you can create -- I mean, we have our targets. 
We know what it is. But to tell you, there is like we're already catering such a big segment there 
and fighting with one of the like cheap imports coming from China and Korea. 
 
And at the same time, products imported from U.S.A. But again, put together, everything has 
not even -- it's like, I will say, tip of the iceberg because people do not know what a architectural 
product can do for homes and buildings, right? Even the owners of many hospitality chain, they 
were not aware when I explained them, their eyes were like, oh, really, that's the thing. But again, 
we go to the basics like we did in PPF. 
 
When we entered into PPF market, nobody was even aware what a PPF is. We made that so 
popular in India, more than 50 participants are there importing product or buying from us and 
selling it. Same way we are doing into this architectural business via Garware Home Solutions, 
and we will have the same strategy, guiding people, making those campaigns, going to big 
buildings and putting canopies, making them explain. And this will be done all over India and 
in the Middle East. So that's the strategy for us. 
Swechha Jain:  
Okay. Okay. So in products, it's not just sun control, right? There are more product? 
Deepak Joshi: 
I'll just answer to this. Yes, there is not only sun control. There will be like surface protection 
films, which is for your furniture, which your kitchen sink and everything other than sun 
controlled and safety security film, there will be a switchable film on demand that is called a 
privacy on demand. You can do -- like make it opaque, transparent, semi-transparent. And so 
many lots of products are coming into that segment. 
Swechha Jain:  
Okay. Sir, can I just squeeze in one very small question. I wanted to ask in last call also, if you 
allow me. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Swechha Jain:  
Okay. Sir, we were doing something with Vande Bharat. I just want to get an update on that. 
Are we doing something for Vande Bharat? 
Deepak Joshi: 
We did during Kumbh Mela. Last year, we did a full train to avoid -- so you know we are doing. 
Thank you. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Congratulations for a great set of numbers, especially for the entire year, we have done 
phenomenally well. Sir, my first question is on the impact of declining.... 
Moderator: 
Ankit, I'm sorry to interrupt you, but can you be a little loud? 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. Sir, my first question is on the declining U.S. automotive sales. So if you look at last 
quarter and even in the month of April, we have seen 5%, 6% decline in the U.S. -- new U.S. 
automotive sales. So what can be its impact on our automotive SCF sales as well as on the PPF 
sales because our majority of the business on the SCF as well as on the PPF side comes from 
U.S. So if you can elaborate on that and how it can impact us? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, I mean, I think that is quite understandable. When the tariff was at peak, we were able to 
make -- I mean, not lose the customer. But in -- at the same time, the sales were a little affected 
because we were not able to do it freely with 50% of the tariff, right? Now going forward, I 
mean, we have -- like we don't see any such challenge this year. In fact, we see a growth -- good 
growth potential coming from U.S. market now because the real challenge has gone from the 
market. 
Ankit Gupta:  
Sure, sure. And sir, on the PPF side, we have seen a bit of decline in this financial year. And our 
biggest customer on the PPF is also setting up its own manufacturing plant. So how do you see 
our relationship with them evolving? And it's a large part of our PPF sales. So our sales will be 
impacted when their manufacturing plant comes online? 
Deepak Joshi: 
No. As I said, I mean, this -- I think there is a lot of confusion on that, right? It's -- we -- PPF, 
they buy from other sources as well, and they get it manufactured. Similar exercise, they might 
be doing in future. I'm aware of everything, but I can't say any here. But at the same time, I don't 
see any impact on our business because our growth has been phenomenal. 
 
Our -- I mean, Global and Garware brand, we have doubled what we were doing last year, and 
we expect that to grow in a steep skyrocketing in the coming years. So we are not bothered with 
that, right? Because their volumes, we were not supplying 100% to them because there are a 
couple of more suppliers as well, right? I know some of this thing looks like that we are the only 
supplier or we are like too much dependent on them on PPF. That is not the case. 
Ankit Gupta:  
But our relationship with them will continue? Even when... 
Deepak Joshi: 
No, no, definitely. We are a big like into sun control and other business. See, it's not easy to 
change the product because our product has got a very unique properties in terms of sun control. 
And let me tell you with -- I mean, I can tell you with great pride that the product line is very 
different from our other supply. The base there and nano dispersion facility and our adhesive 
technology is very unique and very different and it cannot be changed. 
 
Even if a brand wants to go for manufacturing and replace it, it's not possible because it is 
something like a prevailing product. And we have discussed that, and we are continuing with 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
our relations. That's what their growth plan for the future. But of course, we have our plans, and 
we continue to be in great relationship with each other. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway Investments Private 
Limited. 
Vinay Nadkarni:  
Deepakji, really good set of numbers in spite of a very, very tough year. Just wanted -- 2 
questions in short. One is, how do you see your April volume growth given this summer seems 
to be better than last year? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, I think that's a question related to current performance. I would like to avoid. I can only say 
that we have already given a guidelines for the year for INR2,500 crores. We will maintain that 
because we cannot answer because this is the current ongoing. It will be like beyond the scope 
of us talking about this right now. 
Vinay Nadkarni:  
Fine. I understand that. The other question was, when I look at your U.S. volumes, you said 
around 45% of your business came from U.S. And last year, you had said that you had to absorb 
most of the tariffs because you couldn't pass on and you didn't want to penalize your customers. 
In spite of that, you have maintained your margins. So that -- I just wanted to understand how 
could that be achieved with 450% of your business taking higher hit on margins? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So I think we discussed that even each quarter when despite 50% of -- 50% volume coming 
from there, but 50% tariff, we still maintained because we grew on the other geographies quite 
handsomely. At the same time, we -- I mean, we restricted our sales for just to continue without 
losing customers. That means we held our products in certain special conditions, right? And then 
in -- when it was available, the tariff went low. 
 
At that time, we cleared the goods according to the demand from the customer. So it was like a 
very strategically and well maintained supply chain where we were -- we did not flush the 
material at the highest tariff. We tried to hold and navigated it through at the right time, right?  
 
And in fact, when this tariff was to come, we made more material and kept there to avoid the 
tariffs. I mean it was like prior to when we knew it is going to happen, we built up our inventory 
there. And at the same time, we liquidated when it was only -- I mean, it was utmost necessarily 
to be done. We did at that time. And it was -- it went towards the low tariff and we cleared it. So 
this is like the strategy which we followed, which worked for us. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing remarks. Over to you, team. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Thank you. And I would like to -- on behalf of Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited management, I 
would like to thank all participants. And we hope -- I mean, we were able to answer all of your 
queries. And in case of any further explanation required, you can reach out to our IR team. And 
with this, thank you very much, and have -- I wish a great year ahead for everyone. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Garware Hi-Tech Films, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
