THRU ONLINE FILING 
June 4, 2026 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 023 
Scrip Code – 524494
National Stock Exchange India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra – (East). 
Mumbai-400051. 
Scrip Code : IPCALAB
Dear Sirs, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find the transcript of our 
Conference Call which was held on Monday, 1st June, 2026 from 15:30 hrs IST to discuss the 
Company’s Q4FY26 earnings and business update. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For Ipca Laboratories Limited 
Harish P. Kamath 
Corporate Counsel & Company Secretary 
ACS 6792 
Encl: a/a 
HARISH 
PANDURANG 
KAMATH
Digitally signed by HARISH PANDURANG KAMATH 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=400063, st=MAHARASHTRA, street=4204, TOWER B, 
OBEROI ESQUIRE ,YASHODHAM, MOHAN GOKHALE ROAD ,MUMBAI 
SUBURBAN,GOREGAON (EAST) ,400063, l=MUMBAI SUBURBAN, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=72050fb9fadcbc5de6404685117b8355792f5784c7617d9c4cae2
a3887d6b809, pseudonym=cfedd4e63f0643129a1780871ed0cb04, 
2.5.4.20=3e5648a57390d9262997da3de9051643bfb87e352b111402af42d207
e52e25c6, email=HARISH.KAMATH@IPCA.COM, cn=HARISH PANDURANG 
KAMATH 
Date: 2026.06.04 13:37:26 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
“Ipca Laboratories Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 01, 2026 
MANAGEMENT: MR. A.K. JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER– IPCA LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. HARISH KAMATH – CORPORATE COUNSEL AND 
COMPANY SECRETARY – IPCA LABORATORIES 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NITIN AGARWAL – DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED

Ipca Laboratories Limited 
June 01, 2026 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Ipca Labs Earnings Call Q4 FY26, hosted 
by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital Advisors Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thank you, Rico. Hi, good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to Ipca Labs 
Limited's Q4 FY26 Post Results Earnings Call, hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. On 
the call today, we have representing Ipca Labs management, Mr. A.K. Jain, Managing Director; 
and Mr. Harish Kamath, Corporate Counsel and Company Secretary. 
I will hand over the call to Mr. Jain to make the opening comments, and we'll open the floor for 
questions. Please go ahead, sir. 
A.K. Jain: 
Thanks, Nitin, and DAM Capital for organizing this call. Today's hearing call and discussion 
answer given may include some forward-looking statements based on our current business 
expectations. This must be viewed in conjunction with the risk that pharmaceutical business 
faces. Our actual future financial performance may differ from what is projected, perceived. You 
may take your own judgment on information given during the call. 
Our domestic formulation business in Q4 FY26 has delivered a growth of around 12%. Business 
was at around INR853 crores as against INR764 crores in Q4 2025. MAT March '26, Ipca rank 
continue to remain at 16. However, we have marginally improved our market share to 2.09% as 
against 2.08% in MAT December '25. Six of our brands are featuring among the top 300 brands 
in the industry. In both chronic and acute segment, we are continuously beating the market.  
Overall, for financial year FY26, our domestic business has grown by around 10% to around 
INR3,817 crores as against INR3,455 crores in FY25. Our export formulation business has 
delivered a growth of around 9% for the financial year '26 to around INR2,083 crores from 
INR1,919 crores. The promotional business for the quarter has delivered a growth of around 
14%. And for whole of the year also, this business has delivered a growth of around 14%.  
Overall business for the financial year has remained around -- is around INR664 crores on 
promotional business, promotional branded export business as against INR582 crores in last 
financial year. Generic business, excluding tenders, has delivered growth of around 17% for the 
financial year to around INR1,149 crores from INR982 crores in FY25. 
Our Institutional business has declined during the year to around INR270 crores from around 
INR355 crores in last financial year. Even in the last quarter of the current year also, business 
has declined to around INR74 crores as against INR111 crores in Q4 FY25. API business for 
the whole of the year has delivered business growth of around 10%.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ipca Laboratories Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
The business now stands at around INR1,396 crores as against INR1,266 crores for FY26. 
Overall consolidated business for the company in FY26, March '26, has grown by around 6% to 
around INR2,388 crores from around INR2,274 crores and consolidated revenue for whole of 
the year has grown by around 8% to around INR9,646 crores against INR8,940 crores for the 
financial year '25. 
 
Stand-alone EBITDA margins for the Ipca in Q4 has improved by around 25.27%, as against 
21.19% in Q4 FY25. This is an improvement of almost around 4.08%. And for the financial year 
March '26, overall EBITDA margin stand-alone for company has gone up to around 25.18% as 
against 22.66% in March '26, an overall improvement of around 2.52% and we have significantly 
overall improved the margins as against our guidelines for the financial year. 
The consolidated Ipca Q4 FY26 EBITDA margin has improved around 20.52% as against 
18.24% in Q4 FY25, an improvement of around 2.28%. And for all of the financial year, March 
'26, EBITDA margins has improved to around 20.72% as against 19.94% in March '25, an 
improvement of around 1.78%. We have delivered better margins as against our guidelines of 
20% for FY26 overall. 
 
Having given the broad numbers, now I’ll request questions from the participants. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
comes from the line of Aanchal Jalan with Lotus Wealth. 
Anchal Jalan: 
Sir, if you want to grow at 15% to 20% for the next 2 to 3 years, how many molecules do you 
think we should be launching at a yearly level because old molecules will have higher 
competition and price erosion is also happening there. So how many launches do you think we 
should be doing in a year? And secondly, what is our product pipeline for Q1 and Q2 of FY27? 
Yes, that's my question. 
A.K. Jain: 
As far as we are concerned on the old molecules, we don't see any kind of price erosions as such. 
And normally, our policy is to take the price rise of around 5% to 6% in a year, depending on 
what kind of price rise competitors are also taking at the marketplace. So that policy will 
continue that way. And as far as domestic market are concerned, we don't launch too many 
products in a year.  
Each division has around 2 or 3 power brands and then there are support brands in each division. 
And at the most in each division, we may launch one product or some line extension in here and 
there. So if we have 20 divisions in the year, we should be launching in domestic market around 
18 to 20 products. 
 
So that has been our business philosophy because more number of products you launch, the 
attention of the people get diluted and that results in the overall defocus from the main power 
brands. So we normally don't launch too many products in the marketplace. As far as generics 
are concerned, let's say, currently, we are marketing around 8 products in U.S.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ipca Laboratories Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
And I think this year also maybe around 6 to 8 products will be commercialized in the current 
financial year. And as far as European and other markets are concerned, each market situations 
are different. But normally, we launch 3 to 4 products in each market in every year in generics. 
That is our overall position. 
Anchal Jalan: 
Okay. And sir, specifically for Unichem, 6 to 8 products, right? 
A.K. Jain: 
Unichem has also a good pipeline, and I think they should also be launching at least 5 to 6 
products in the current year. 
Anchal Jalan: 
And then FY27? 
A.K. Jain: 
Yes, that's apart from Ipca. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Surya Patra with PhillipCapital. 
Surya Patra: 
Congrats for the good set of numbers. Sir, first question is on the U.S. business. Is it possible 
since it is a full year financials, what was the U.S. revenue that we would have generated out of 
Ipca and what outlook that we are providing for next year? 
A.K. Jain: 
Overall, if you look at the consolidated numbers for the overall business, Ipca USA and Unichem 
USA put together, I think in the quarter, U.S. has done business of around INR428 crores as 
against INR388 crores in Q4 last year. So there is a growth of around 10%. And overall, for the 
whole of the financial year, U.S. business is around INR1,567 crores as against INR1,379 crores 
last year. So U.S. has given a growth of around 14% on a consolidated basis. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Similarly, sir, if you can just give some sense about the kind of growth that you have seen 
for the full of the -- for FY26 basically for the key markets like, let's say, Europe, Africa, CIS, 
Australia like that? 
A.K. Jain: 
Let's say, India should be growing around 12% to 13% in the current financial year. CIS market 
will have around 10% to 11%. Overall promotional market, we expect almost around 12% to 
13% kind of growth. Then overall generic market will also have around 12% to 13% kind of 
growth, which will include the U.S. also.  
So overall company as a whole, we should be able to, including Unichem and put together 
around 12% to 13% kind of growth on a consolidated basis. And on EBITDA side from 20.7% 
currently on a consolidated basis, I think it should be almost around 22% or 22.3% something 
more or less on that line. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Yes. So next point was about the gross margin. In fact, we have seen strong improvement. 
And for the full of the year also, there is a kind of improved performance that we have seen. But 
see, what can be attributed for this improved performance, whether it is a currency advantage or 
it is the synergy or it is the product mix improvement, U.S. picking it up. So what would have 
contributed to this margin improvement? And how sustainable the gross margin be? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ipca Laboratories Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
A.K. Jain: 
I'd say cash stand-alone, if you look at against growth of around 10%, our overall material cost 
has declined by around 2%. Overall, for the whole of the year, except from February onwards, 
earlier, the overall price was -- prices of materials has remained steady. So there was not much 
of fluctuations as far as the material cost was concerned around for the first 11 months, for the 
whole of the financial year because we maintain certain stocks. 
 
So as far as consumptions are concerned, not much except in the March, certain solvent prices 
and February and March, the solvent prices and some other materials, which was supply chain 
disturbance like ammonia and so many other things, [acid/alkali 0:13:28], there are many of 
those materials has moved up. So little material cost has moved up in the month of February and 
March in Q4 of the current financial year on a stand-alone basis, if you look at the numbers. The 
improvement in overall margins is by and large because of product mix changes. 
 
Domestic business is doing good. ROW market business is doing good. Cardiac business 
proportions has moved up. And overall, the generic business, which is happening in most 
markets has also given us the better overall margins. So -- and even on the API side, we have 
improved overall margins.  
So that has resulted in overall margin improvement on a stand-alone basis. But as far as Unichem 
is concerned, their overall EBITDA margins has declined from 12% to around 8% and their 
turnover has not moved up. So that has resulted in overall otherwise EBITDA margins 
improvement for consolidated business would have been further higher. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Just last one point, sir, whether it is supply chain disruption or any impact on the raw 
material availability or the price rise. So that situation is kind of already behind us or even the 
current quarter subsequent period could see some impact in the FY27? 
A.K. Jain: 
There is a significant improvement increase in the prices now. Let's say, if you look at packaging 
material, aluminum has moved up, PVC, PVDC has significantly moved up. On solvent price, 
if you look at prices are still 40% to 50% higher than what we were paying in the month of 
January or earlier in the whole of the financial year.  
And let's say, prices of a lot of other API has moved up because of, again, some or other things 
in the supply chain is disturbed. And overall, I see if current end of petroleum prices remain, 
overall material costs should rise by almost around 10% to 12%. So that looks like that that's the 
kind of price rise is there in the -- currently in the market.  
Like say, simple product like paracetamol has moved up significantly. Metformin has moved up 
significantly. And that moment is much higher than what number I'm talking. I'm talking of 
overall. Overall is around 10% to 12% kind of overall increase is there in the marketplace. 
Surya Patra: 
So practically, the product prices have gone up higher than the input prices? 
A.K. Jain: 
I would say that these inputs has gone up. As against that, what is happening on our output. Like 
say, as far as API is concerned, what we are selling today, entire cost increase, we are passing 
on to the consumer or to the buyers. So there are no issues. As far as the domestic market is 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ipca Laboratories Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
concerned, products which are in price control, the prices remain at the same level. You can't 
increase even a paisa on that.  
And overall, the other decontrolled products as against 5% kind of price rise, which we are 
taking. Looking at the overall input cost increase, we -- this year price rise a little higher, may 
be around 6% to 7% to offset the kind of price increase which has happened at the marketplace. 
That will completely offset the entire overall cost rise, which are there in the marketplace. 
 
As far as generic market are also concerned, there the arrangements are a little longer term. So 
we are taking up with the buyers and increasing the prices wherever they are possible. So I don't 
foresee much of that impact coming, there could be maybe 0.5% point increase in the -- or maybe 
0.75% increase in the material cost.  
But I don't think so that will disturb my EBITDA margin significantly in the current year 
because, again, the product mix change and that's playing so overall, your margin. And therefore, 
I have given the projections also of guidelines for the EBITDA margin for whole of the year that 
it should -- it will move by around 1% to 1.25% in the current financial year. 
 
As against earlier, we were always talking of around 1.5% or a little more EBITDA margin 
improvement. That's a little lower guidelines is only on account of material cost. But if the 
petroleum prices again are moving up lower, then probably margins could still be better. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rajakumar Vaidyanathan with RK Investments. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Sir, I just want to know what is the outlook for the Unichem business? When do you think the 
margins will improve? 
A.K. Jain: 
Unichem last financial year had -- their U.S. business has not grown up, mainly because on 
certain high-volume businesses, they have lost certain market share. They again started gaining 
the market share. And I think in current financial year, their U.S. business should grow by around 
10%. So hopefully, with that, the margins will also move up. They have done well in European 
market in last financial year. And we also see from further from that point of view that business 
will improve and margins will improve there. 
 
Plus they have also incurred some certain additional costs in last financial year because of their 
Ireland facility, there were -- manufacturing was happening. So that is closed. And some -- those 
people were also given your package on severance and all those kind of things. So that cost also 
got debited. And all those productions are shifted back to India. So that is also will result in 
better margins overall on production of those products here.  
And also the overhead costs, they were incurring and incurring in at Ireland facility may be 
around EUR 4 million to EUR 5 million. So that expenditure will also stop in the current 
financial year. So overall, there will be better improvement in the Unichem also in the current 
year. 
 
We foresee that I think Unichem margin may become around 12% to 13% in the current financial 
year from that level. And from that level, again in future years as our filings in other markets 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ipca Laboratories Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
start coming up and then we start launching products in other markets. Margins will keep on 
improving. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. Sir, this 12% to 13% that you mentioned, that is the overall margin for FY26-'27? 
A.K. Jain: 
For Unichem, yes. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Overall, the full year margin, right? 
A.K. Jain: 
Yes. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. And sir, the second question is, this inventory at Unichem seems to be on the higher side. 
Last quarter also, I raised this question, you said there are some actions being taken, but the 
inventory remains more or less at the same level as '25? 
A.K. Jain: 
Overall, I think inventory-wise, a lot of actions has been taken. And -- but if you look at the 
nature of business itself in case of Unichem because it's a U.S. business and supply chain 
disturbances, all were happening. So certain kind of inventory, the movement was taking longer 
time by ship and all that. They have started shipping everything from ships instead of air 
shipment. Significant amount of air shipment was there in Unichem maybe a year back to almost 
around 40% kind of shipment was moving by air. 
 
Now it's hardly around 4%, 5% kind of shipments are moving it. And that's for the whole transit 
time has improved and increase in all that. So that has little inventory has gone up on that 
account. But overall, we don't see any kind of concern on that account. The U.S. cycle itself is a 
little longer, and their business is mainly U.S.  
As far as Ipca is concerned, if you look at overall last 2 years, if you look at '25 and '26 by large, 
put together, our inventory is at the inventory and receivables entire -- there's hardly any money 
has been put in overall in working capital. The entire -- your cash generation is overall, there is 
accruals are there, and there is hardly any kind of money has gone in working capital in last 2 
financial year. We have perfect control as far as your overall inventory cycles are concerned. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay, sir. Sir, lastly, the question is on the Lyka Labs subsidiary. So the performance has been 
deteriorating. So because lastly, you took an impairment for Krebs Bio. So will it also lead the 
same way because the performance is really deteriorating quarter-on-quarter? 
A.K. Jain: 
Let's say, I should not be speaking for Lyka Lab, I think you should be talking, but to Lyka Lab 
on that part. But otherwise, I see broadly, if you look at they have started marketing their 
injectables and animal health care products in the market, and they have recruited a lot of field 
force. And it takes time. Last 2 years, a significant amount of expenditures has gone in creating 
the more sustainable business because of that. Because of addition of addition of field people, 
there is on P&L account, there are pressures.  
But I think journey is going very well as far as those -- the animal health care and team, which 
has launched and also the critical care team they have launched, they are progressing well, and 
we don't foresee much of concern on that account. Maybe the profitability is currently lower. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ipca Laboratories Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
But as the time goes, these teams start maturing and business start building up, margins will start 
moving up there also. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Shashank Krishnakumar with Emkay Global. 
Shashank Krishnakumar: My first one was on the other expenses for Unichem, which sort of saw a sharp increase this 
quarter. So was it primarily driven by an increase in R&D? And if you could also share what the 
R&D spend was for both for Unichem and Ipca stand-alone as a percentage of sales in FY26? 
A.K. Jain: 
I think Unichem that other expenditure has moved up is largely because of R&D because they 
are looking at some kind of institutional business in U.S. So around 4 to 5 products has been -- 
technology transfers are given to third-party manufacturers so that from -- we can manufacture 
those products for the U.S. itself to supply to -- for the government purposes.  
And therefore, this quarter had around INR10 crores to INR12 crores of additional expenditure 
on account of those technologies transfers to the U.S. are supporting manufacturer. So other than 
that, there's hardly any kind of exceptional cost. The other expenditures by and large, moved 
only on that account. 
Shashank Krishnakumar: Got it. So what was the R&D for Unichem and Ipca this year, FY26 as a percentage of sales? 
A.K. Jain: 
It's around 3.71%. 
Shashank Krishnakumar: Got it. Sir, just secondly, if you could just share the market-wise growth trends for the year gone 
by for both branded formulations and generics, particularly because this quarter, we saw an 
increase in generic revenue, for which market primarily drove that. If you could just share some 
color around how the individual markets have performed? 
A.K. Jain: 
Domestic has grown by 12% for Ipca. Branded formulations has grown by 14%. Institution has 
declined by 33%. Generic market in this quarter has grown by around 39%. So that's overall 
Ipca is concerned. And as far as the whole of the financial year is concerned, domestic has grown 
by around 10%, branded by 14%. Institutional, there is a decline of around 24% and generics 
has gone up by around 17%, yes. So that is already given in press release. If you go through our 
press release, yes, all those numbers are very well displayed there. 
Shashank Krishnakumar: So I'm looking for more market-specific trends, which you usually share any particular market 
which drove growth this quarter or during this financial year? 
A.K. Jain: 
Let's say, branded is by and large driven by, let's say, our CIS market and French-speaking 
African market. India is by and large driven by our pain and cardiac and derma and neuro and 
CNS portfolio what we have. Institutional has by and large declined because of funding 
constraints currently being faced by the institution. And generics are -- both Europe has done 
well. Australia and New Zealand has done well. So it's broadly all markets and also the U.S. 
launches, which has happened current year. So overall, the business has been good as far as 
generics are concerned. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ipca Laboratories Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Shashank Krishnakumar: Got it, sir. And just the last one, if I could squeeze in. Could you just comment on the 
performance of subsidiaries ex of Unichem this quarter and for the full year? 
A.K. Jain: 
As far as Unichem are concerned, I think current year was tough for them. I think -- and I have 
already shared the guidelines as far as Unichem is concerned that how they will be performing 
in current financials. They should be growing around 10% in current financial year, and they 
will improve their EBITDA margins also. 
 
Other than that, we have domestic subsidiary, which is called Trophic Wellness. They have done 
well. I think they have significantly contributed. They are marketing neutraceuticals with 
business around, maybe around INR125 crores, and I think they're generating profit of almost 
around INR40 crores plus overall profit. So that's that. Lyka already talked, but it's not our 
subsidiary, it's an associate company.  
As far as the Krebs are concerned, their performance is improving now. One of their plant, which 
is at Nellore has started EBITDA positive. Other plant, there are certain concerns going on right 
now as far as polishing departments are concerned. So once that is resolved, I think hopefully, 
we should be able to put that plant also on EBITDA positive kind of number. 
 
As far as the U.S. -- European subsidiaries are concerned, we have 2 subsidiaries in U.S. One is 
Ipca formulation marketing company and another is Onyx Scientific, which is doing your 
business of rendering the research services to the other formulation company. Onyx is facing 
some kind of issues there because of overall inquiry levels for those kind of projects has gone 
down because of current overall environment. This subsidiary has been last 8, 10 years has been 
doing very well.  
But the last 1, 1.5 years, there are certain issues. But we are now seeing sign of improvement 
there. And Ipca subsidiary which is marketing the formulation in -- particularly in U.K., that has 
given a loss of almost around 2 million to 3 million kind of bonds. And largely because of last 
financial year, the pricing scenario in that market was very, very bad. But we are seeing now, 
again, there are a lot of shortages and overall improvement in the prices. So we hope to do better 
there also. 
 
As far as U.S. subsidiary is concerned, Ipca is only one, which is a major one, which is Pisgah 
Labs. So there also there is a formulation facility is under construction there. I think probably I 
think in the fourth quarter of the current financial year, they should be able to ready to 
commission the plant. So any meaningful turnover coming from there will be, I think, in next 
financial year only, not in current financial year. And their API facility is also seeing now good 
order position now. So hopefully, there will be further improvement in that operations also. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Tushar Manudhane with Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, on the export exports front, you have guided for broadly 12% to 13% revenue growth. Is 
this considering the currency depreciation as well? Or is this in INR terms? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ipca Laboratories Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Harish Kamath: 
No. The guidance given is in INR terms, Tushar. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Okay. Got it. And as far as domestic formulation is concerned, given the raw material linked 
price hike, but if you could at least -- if you could share what could be the price volume new 
launches growth that we can expect for FY27? 
Harish Kamath: 
No, the guidance given for domestic branded business is around 12%. Maybe out of that 1% to 
2% could be new product and balance price increase and volume. 
A.K. Jain: 
And Tushar, if you look at our overall material cost to sales ratio of Ipca is only 25%. Even if 
there is an increase, that will get offset by overall your overall increase in the top line and also 
overall the profitability of your products in domestic ROW and all those kind of things. So we 
don't foresee that this ratio will significantly alter. Maybe it's only 0.5% here and there. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
How has been the freight cost trending? Or will that -- maybe like at the gross margin level, I 
understood like the -- it's possible to pass it on the increase in the raw model. But how to think 
about the freight or the logistics costs? 
A.K. Jain: 
Normally, let's say, our branded formulation business and certain API business, that all happens 
through, let's say, C&F basis. There are a lot of other generic businesses that happens on where 
the freight are borne by the party. So overall, I think our freight cost has moved up by almost, I 
think, in the fourth quarter by almost around 25%. And that trend is continuing currently also. 
So that will have some impact on the overall number on the profitability till the time this issue 
of -- issue remains of Iran-U.S. kind of conflict, which is currently happening, the Strait of 
Hormuz and all that kind of thing. 
 
The oil prices are elevated. Wherever air shipments are concerned, the freight has multiplied 
now. And even getting the sometimes the cargo availability of space also, it takes a lot of time. 
So sometimes material remain for 10, 15 days. So availability itself is becoming an issue now to 
the various destinations. So that issue remaining, yes. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So then effectively, will this have impact on Q1, but overall, we think that subsequently in the 
coming quarters, we'll sort of come back. 
A.K. Jain: 
There will be some impact, but if business improvement is also there, but like say, last year, we 
have grown by 10%. This year, we are guiding for 12% to 13% kind of growth. So that growth 
will offset everything because the material cost to sales ratio is around 25%. So if you take your 
overall gross margin addition itself will be high. So all these costs should get offset. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Harish Kamath: 
Yes. Since all questions are answered, I think we can close this conference call. Thank you, 
everyone, for participation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ipca Laboratories Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
A.K. Jain: 
Thank you. 
