 
 
 
HCL Technologies Ltd.  
Technology Hub, Special Economic Zone  
Plot No. 3A, Sector 126, NOIDA– 201304, UP, India  
t: +91 120 4306000 
 
Corporate Identity Number: L74140DL1991PLC046369 
Registered Office:   
806 Siddharth, 96, Nehru Place, New Delhi -110019, India 
 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532281 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
NSE Scrip Code: HCLTECH 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on July 13, 2026 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
 
In terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
enclosed please find a copy of the transcript of the Conference Call held on July 13, 2026, 
post the announcement of the financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 
2026.  
 
The is also available on our Company’s website https://www.hcltech.com/investor-relations. 
 
 This is for your information and records.               
  
Thanking you, 
    
For HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Manish Anand 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: a/a 
MANISH 
ANAND
Digitally signed by 
MANISH ANAND 
Date: 2026.07.15 
22:26:44 +05'30'

1 
 
 
 
“HCL Technologies Limited Q1 FY'27 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. C. Vijayakumar – Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director  
Mr. Shiv Walia – Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Nitin Mohta – Senior Vice President & Head - Investor Relations  

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
2 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to HCLTech's Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by 
pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
                                         I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Mohta, Head, Investor 
Relations. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nitin Mohta: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good morning and good evening, everyone. A very 
warm welcome to HCLTech's Q1 FY27 earnings conference call. We 
have with us Mr. C. Vijayakumar, CEO and Managing Director, 
HCLTech; Mr. Shiv Walia, Chief Financial Officer, along with the 
broader leadership team to discuss the performance of the company 
during the quarter, followed by a Q&A. 
 
In the course of this call, certain statements that will be made are 
forward-looking, which involve a number of risks, uncertainties, 
assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results to 
differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. All 
forward-looking 
statements 
made 
herein 
are 
based 
upon 
information presently available to the management and the 
company does not undertake to update any forward-looking 
statement that may be made in the course of this call. In this regard, 
please do review the safe harbor statements in the formal investor 
release documents and all the factors that can cause a difference. 
Over to you, CVK. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
3 
 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Good evening, good afternoon and good morning, everyone. Thank 
you for joining our FY27 Q1 earnings call. We began FY27 with a focus 
to grow our advanced AI-led offerings, increase our relevance with 
clients, capitalize on the full range of AI-related market opportunities 
in our pursuit of becoming the world's best AI solutions provider. 
 
As mentioned previously, our intent is very clear, benefit 
disproportionately from the AI-native and AI-amplified opportunities, 
which together represent the fastest-growing pool of enterprise 
spend, while in AI-disrupted services, we intend to innovate faster 
than the market to stay ahead of the deflationary curve rather than 
be defined by it. The fruition of this is reflected in our growing 
advanced AI revenue. Advanced AI revenue for the quarter stood at 
$171 million, marking 10.6% QoQ and 62.1% YoY growth. 
 
Let me dwell into the business performance for the quarter. AMJ is 
typically a weaker quarter for us due to planned revenue declines 
driven by productivity commitments in large managed services 
contracts. Despite the seasonality, we delivered a good all-round 
performance. Our revenue declined by 0.5% sequentially and 
increased by 2.6% on YoY basis in constant currency. 
 
Our operating margins stood at 16.9%, an improvement of 39 basis 
points QoQ and an increase of 56 basis points YoY. All growth rates 
referred to are in constant currency. Our Services business grew 3.5% 
YoY and declined by 0.7% sequentially in constant currency. 
 
Our IT and business services grew 4.2% YoY and remained flat 
sequentially. Engineering and R&D services grew 0.3% YoY and 
declined 3.7% sequentially. HCL Software annual recurring revenue is 
now at $1.063 billion, a 2% increase YoY in constant currency. 
Revenue grew 2.2% sequentially while declining 5.3% YoY. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
4 
 
 
We have completed the acquisition of Jaspersoft. This adds the 
visualization layer to our data management portfolio. Just to recap, 
our data software product portfolio already covers the majority of the 
data value chain, like DataConnect for data integration and quality, 
Ingres, HCL Informix, Zen and VectorAI DB for storage, and Data 
Intelligence and Observability for governance and AI analysts to 
engage and activate data. What was missing was the visualize layer, 
the capability that takes governed trusted data and delivers it as 
actionable insights to the business users who need it. 
 
From bookings perspective, the quarter was good and the bookings 
was well-balanced across verticals, service lines and geographies. 
Our net new TCV booking for the quarter was $2.4 billion, highest 
ever Q1 bookings. This excludes the recent mega deal that we 
announced, which was signed in early July and not in Q1. Let me give 
a brief overview of this landmark win. 
 
We have been selected by a Europe-headquartered Fortune Global 
50 firm as a technology partner to accelerate AI-led transformation 
and management of their digital workplace and enterprise networks. 
We will leverage our AI Force platform, software-defined solutions 
and digital employee experience framework to implement an AI-first 
workplace and intelligent connectivity fabric, thus elevating 
employee experience and productivity for the company at a global 
scale. 
 
While there are several deals that added to this $2.4 billion, I want to 
talk about a marquee deal that showcases the depth of value we 
deliver to our clients. A Fortune 250 semiconductor equipment OEM 
selected HCLTech to accelerate AI-driven transformation across its 
semiconductor engineering and manufacturing value stream. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
5 
 
HCLTech 
will 
deploy 
SAP-enabled 
design-to-manufacturing 
capabilities and integrate SAP with core PLM and MES systems, 
establishing an enterprise backbone for a future-ready scalable AI-
led digital supply chain. 
 
On the people front, we are 223,889 people as of 30th June 2026, a 
decrease of 3,292 compared to the previous quarter. Our attrition 
stands at 12.7% on LTM basis. Our AI strategy shows evident returns 
as seen in 3.3% YoY increase in revenue per employee, which has 
gone up every quarter for the last five quarters. 
 
Coming to our AI updates, as you know, our AI strategy is anchored 
on five strategic pillars designed to drive client impact, accelerate 
innovation and strengthen our leadership position in the AI market. 
I'm pleased to share the progress we made across each of them this 
quarter. First pillar of the strategy is proactive transformation of our 
services. 
 
We continue to embed AI deeply in our service delivery model, 
helping clients unlock measurable efficiencies and accelerate 
business outcomes. AI Force is now deployed across 92 distinct client 
accounts, enabling organizations to realize the benefits of AI within 
existing engagements at scale. 
A good example to the progress we are making in this area: a Europe-
based global automotive manufacturer selected HCLTech for a 
large-scale AI-led site reliability engineering transformation program 
across 
engineering, 
production, 
commercial 
and 
corporate 
application landscapes. Powered by AI Force, the program brings 
together SRE, AIOps, agentic AI, observability, automation and 
application lifecycle transformation within a unified operating model. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
6 
 
 
Coming to the second strategic pillar of building differentiated IP, 
differentiated IP remains a cornerstone of our AI strategy, enabling 
clients to move from experimentation to enterprise-scale value 
realization. AI Force continued its evolution with 2.2 release, 
introducing capabilities such as VS Code IDE plugin support, 
multimodal AI, long-term memory, configurable governance 
guardrails, AWS native integration and enhanced observability. 
We also rolled out an Agent Store, an organization-wide validated set 
of AI assets, including agents, AI Force use cases, workflows, tools 
and connectors, and the next phase enables reuse of AI assets across 
the organization to innovate faster and better to develop more AI IP. 
We also launched AI Force for Oracle, combining Oracle Fusion 
Agent Studio with HCLTech's domain-aligned agents, accelerators 
and governance framework to accelerate enterprise adoption. 
In industry AI solutions, our intelligent regulatory platform solution 
achieved general availability, while VisionX was named as the finalist 
at the AI Awards UK in both the Best AI Product and AI-powered 
Quality Assurance categories. We also launched three new industry 
AI solutions, namely AI for Store Operations, Order-to-Cash platform 
and Intelligent Validation and Quality platform. 
We now have 23 industry AI solutions. Our industry AI solution 
VoiceOps AI, designed for media platforms and entertainment 
vertical and telecom-scale environments, received the Product of 
the Year award at NAB Show 2026 in the Intelligent Technology 
category, recognizing its ability to transform voice-led service 
operations and customer engagement. 
 
Coming to the third pillar, expanding AI-led services, we continue to 
broaden our portfolio of AI-led services, helping clients address 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
7 
 
emerging opportunities. In AI Labs, we hit a major milestone in Q1 
crossing 1,000 plus AI engagements delivered. Within AI Factory, we 
announced a strategic collaboration with Red Hat to accelerate the 
deployment of enterprise-grade AI infrastructure through the AI 
Factory ecosystem.  
A global technology major expanded its partnership with HCLTech 
for an AI Factory program with an incremental scope of over $180 
million for AI datacenter build-out. HCLTech's solutions will fast-
track the deployment of a large-scale infrastructure environment 
that leverages the latest GPU technologies to train large language 
models and advanced AI-driven products.  
In physical AI, a Europe-based manufacturer selected HCLTech to 
engineer the navigation stack for its next-generation autonomous 
robot. HCLTech will apply its physical AI and intelligent product 
engineering capabilities to deliver core navigation logic, motion 
planning and system integration for the product. 
In another deal, our AI engineering capabilities will translate chip 
specifications into implementable silicon, supporting the delivery of 
a secure hardware module that meets the stringent security 
standards for an Indian research organization. They selected 
HCLTech to support the development of a secure chip aligned to 
trusted computing requirements. 
 
This quarter we also made a significant progress in building our 
sovereign AI as a service capabilities. Sovereign is not just 
governments; it is for enterprises as well. Enterprises are realizing 
that their data, their know-how that gives them their competitive 
edge are their most valuable assets, and they don't want the value 
disappearing into someone else's models. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
8 
 
So the evolving enterprise AI architecture is based on two broad 
principles. One is zero trust, that is the default posture is that no data, 
no prompt or context ever leaves the enterprise boundary. And the 
second principle is a tiered approach where Tier 1 is private on-prem 
or VPC-hosted SLMs fine-tuned on the enterprise data, and Tier 2 is 
frontier models accessed through a policy-enforcing inferencing 
gateway that handles redaction, logging and cost economics. 
The gateway becomes the primary policy enforcement point which 
sits within the enterprise. So the demand is moving towards solutions 
that can enable clients to have complete sovereign assurance with 
custom models and controls rather than just renting the models from 
the big providers. 
 
Now coming to the fourth leg of our strategy, scaling AI partnerships 
across the technology stack, our partner ecosystem remains a 
powerful force multiplier, accelerating innovation and helping us 
deliver best-in-class AI solutions. Most notable is a recent strategic 
investment of $150 million in Sarvam, India's full-stack sovereign AI 
company. 
This reinforces HCLTech's position as an AI innovator, not just an 
adopter, underscoring our commitment to building, co-innovating 
and shaping the next wave of AI. By combining Sarvam's research 
depth in multilingual India-focused AI models with HCLTech's global 
enterprise relationship, engineering expertise and software IP, we are 
creating a differentiated full-stack AI platform for governments and 
enterprises spanning models, platforms, applications and managed 
services. 
This meaningfully opens up the Indian sovereign AI market for us 
across industries and the government sector. This is clearly an early-

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
9 
 
stage market opportunity to build industry and client-specific SLMs. 
While the world's attention has been captured by ever-larger 
general-purpose models, the real value for enterprise often lies in 
smaller specialized models trained deeply on the language, data and 
workflow of a single industry or a client. 
These models are faster, more cost-effective and more accurate 
where it matters, and the window to establish leadership here is open 
now. This quarter we made significant progress with other partners, 
mentioning a few: we expanded our strategic relationship with 
Google Cloud through the creation of a dedicated Gemini enterprise 
business unit and launch of an autonomous finance platform that 
transforms core finance and accounting operations using Gemini 
Enterprise. 
 
We inaugurated AI Innovation Zones with Google Cloud and Intel at 
Santa Clara and Chennai respectively, providing clients with 
immersive environments to explore, build and scale AI solutions. 
HCLTech was added to OpenAI's Trusted Access for Cyber program, 
providing authorized teams access to advanced cyber-focused AI 
capabilities. 
 
In AWS, we achieved AI Services Competency, marking a significant 
milestone in our AI journey with AWS ecosystem. We also 
strengthened our modernization proposition by integrating HCLTech 
composable agents into AWS Transform agentic AI service, 
accelerating the transformation for mainframe modernization and 
VMware migration. 
 
Our ecosystem momentum was further recognized through 
prestigious industry awards, including Dell Technologies 2026 Global 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
10 
 
Alliance Americas Partner of the Year, HPE's Storage Partner of the 
Year 2026 and more. 
 
Lastly, we expanded our partnership with MetLife Stadium, the venue 
for FIFA 2026 World Cup final, the New York Jets and New York Giants 
as their official AI partner. We will leverage our AI capabilities to 
create intelligent scalable solutions that enhance customer 
experiences and support smarter, safer and more connected 
environments for the clients. 
 
On the fifth pillar of developing AI talent at scale, AI talent foundation 
remains critical to sustaining long-term growth and client success. In 
Q1, around 24,000 unique employees across the organization 
participated in AI and GenAI learning journeys tailored to different 
proficiency levels and roles. These roles are primarily categorized as 
users, super users and AI builders. 
 
In parallel, focused capability building initiatives are being pursued in 
areas such as physical AI, SLM builder role, partner platforms and 
hyperscaler technologies. Additionally, 200 plus employees were 
Black Belt certified during the quarter and are actively contributing 
to solutioning, ideation, end-to-end realization of AI use cases. The 
examples include transformation of global IT operations for a client's 
global IT through an AI-led hyper-automation ecosystem by 
pioneering agentic AI, AIOps and intelligent incident management 
capabilities across a complex global infrastructure landscape. 
 
In another case, we enabled a client to move from fragmented GenAI 
pilots to an enterprise-scale automation strategy, delivering 40% 
productivity improvement while embedding AI into the core service 
delivery and commercial operating mode. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
11 
 
 
Our AI strategy continues to be recognized well by leading analysts, 
industry bodies and technology partners. While we have several 
recognitions this quarter as detailed in our investor release, the one 
that stands out is HCLTech was named as a Market Shaper in 
Gartner's inaugural physical AI services assessment, becoming the 
only India heritage services company positioned in the top quadrant. 
 
Taken together, these demonstrate our continued strength of our AI 
strategy, the momentum of our innovation engine and the trust 
clients place in us as they transform their businesses for an AI-first 
future. 
 
I would also like to share an important strategic initiative for HCLTech 
where we are entering the AI datacenter business. Global datacenter 
demand is set to triple by 2030 with AI driving roughly 70% of that 
growth, and in India that growth is expected to happen at an even 
faster pace. India, given its scale, is one of the most supply-
constrained datacenter markets globally, and sovereign data 
requirements are increasingly mandating that workloads for 
government, enterprises and even global consumer platforms be 
delivered in-country. 
 
The convergence of AI-led demand, supply constraints and 
sovereignty needs represent a very compelling opportunity. This is a 
business which is shifting from physical infrastructure to higher-
value AI-ready solutions, one we believe will be a new growth vector 
for HCLTech. We will create full-stack offerings by combining our 
capabilities across AI datacenter design, DevOps and cloud 
operations, as well as our software portfolio with our new datacenter 
business. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
12 
 
 
The biggest opportunity is not to rent AI but to own the full stack: the 
datacenters, the compute, the models built to address client-specific 
needs. As demand grows and supply catches up, the players who win 
will be the ones who offer full-stack offerings. In this regard, we will 
make a strategic investment of up to INR3,500 crores and with the 
potential to scale to 50 megawatts of capacity. 
 
This would also position us as a key enabler of India's sovereign AI 
ecosystem, expanding our presence in the fastest-growing market 
among largest economies with differentiated offerings around 
sovereign cloud, secure AI and managed AI infrastructure. We are in 
advanced discussions with clients to ensure we start with certain 
level of committed consumption from day one. We would also like to 
highlight that we will consume some of the capacity internally as we 
build them into our managed services and outcome-based contracts 
for our global clients. 
 
Before I talk about the pipeline and market trends, I would like to take 
a moment to highlight our execution track record on mega deals. 
Over the last several years, you would notice there are areas where 
we are undisputed leaders and where we command execution 
premium, especially in mega deals. 
 
We also have a strong track record of executing mega deals with 
excellent client satisfaction and to the planned business case. This is 
also reflected in our renewals of our highest client categories. This is 
an important angle where we see large deals as a growth vector and 
our risk management framework and execution rigor ensures we 
don't compromise on margins. Our strategy continues to be to deliver 
superior growth at stable margins. As you would see, our margins 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
13 
 
have been stable over the years, including FY26 with the exclusion of 
restructuring costs. 
 
Coming to pipeline and market trends, our pipeline remains healthy. 
Looking at the broader market trends, we are seeing a clear 
divergence across different segments of the AI landscape. On one 
side, we are seeing strong sustained growth both in AI-native and AI-
amplified services. On the other side, AI-disrupted services, the more 
traditional commoditized work, continues to be optimized further as 
AI-enabled automation takes hold.  
Overall, we believe strong executors would gain a lot, but by 
changing their business mix more as AI-native and AI-amplified 
services. Looking ahead, we are retaining our guidance of 1% to 4% 
and margin guidance of 17.5% to 18.5% for FY27. The guidance is 
organic growth guidance and does not include acquisitions including 
Jaspersoft. Now I would request Shiv to share more details on the 
numbers. 
Shiv Walia: 
Thank you, CVK. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening to 
all of you. Thank you for joining our Q1 FY27 Earnings call. Let me walk 
you through our financial performance for the quarter. Starting with 
the revenue performance, please note that all the growth numbers 
quoted are in constant currency unless noted otherwise.  
Our total revenue for the quarter is $3,650 million, a decline of 0.5% 
QoQ and growth of 2.6% YoY. Services revenue for the quarter came 
in at $3,351 million, a decline of 0.7% QoQ and growth of 3.5% YoY. 
Our ITBS services is flat QoQ and grew 4.2% YoY.  
The ERS segment declined 3.7% QoQ and grew 0.3% YoY. HCL 
Software revenue for the quarter is $313 million, representing growth 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
14 
 
of 2.2% QoQ and decline of 5.3% YoY. In terms of geographies, during 
the quarter the USA grew 2.9% YoY. Europe grew 0.1%, Rest of the 
World (ROW) grew 10.8% and India grew 16.9%.  
Moving on to verticals. Our Q1 growth was broad-based with six out 
of seven verticals registering YoY growth. Growth was led by Public 
Services and Retail & CPG, which grew 12% and 10.1% YoY respectively.  
In terms of clients, our continued focus on deepening customer 
relationship has helped us expand the number of large client 
relationships. On a YoY basis, we added one client in the $100 million 
category, six clients in the $50 million category, 11 clients in the $20 
million category and 31 clients in the $10 million category. 
 
In terms of profitability, our EBIT is at $616 million, representing 16.9% 
of revenue. Adjusting for restructuring expenses of 62 basis points 
during the quarter, our Q1 EBIT margins are 17.5% compared with 17.7% 
in the previous quarter. Net income for the quarter is $488 million, 
representing 13.4% of revenue.  
In terms of EBIT margin walk, the margin bridge explaining the 
sequential margin movement is as follows. The reported EBIT margin 
increased by 39 basis points QoQ from 16.5% in JFM’26 to 16.9% in 
AMJ’26. Lower restructuring expenses gave us 70 basis points and 
benefit on PDD gave us 20 basis points.  
This tailwind was offset by 110 basis points headwind from the 
seasonality due to annual productivity benefits and decline in ERS 
revenue. Forex gave us benefit of 60 basis points in the quarter. Now 
moving on to the return on invested capital (ROIC). Our ROIC 
continues to remain strong, supported by our ongoing focus on 
profitability and efficient capital management.  

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
15 
 
The last 12 months ROIC is at 40.7% for the company, up 257 basis 
points YoY. Services ROIC is at 47.8%, up 260 basis points YoY. HCL 
Software is at 21.6%, which is up 75 basis points YoY. In terms of cash 
generation, over the last 12 months free cash flow is at $1.98 billion, 
while operating cash flow is at $2.14 billion.  
Free cash flow to net income is 99% and operating cash flow to net 
income is at 107%. Our balance sheet remains strong with gross cash 
of $2.86 billion and net cash of $2.84 billion as on 30th June, 2026. In 
terms of DSO, our total DSO including unbilled receivables is at 86 
days, representing an increase of two days QoQ.  
In terms of EPS and dividend for our shareholder, normalized diluted 
EPS for the last 12 months came in at INR66.9, representing a growth 
of 4.5% QoQ and 6.9% YoY. Including the one-time impact of the new 
Labor Code, diluted EPS was INR64.25. The board has declared an 
interim dividend of INR12 per share for the quarter.  
The record date is 17th of July 26 and the payment date shall be 27th 
of July 26. This brings our last 12 months payout to INR60 per share, 
effectively distributing 93.2% of our net income. That is all from my 
side for now and I would like to hand over the session to our 
moderator for the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question comes from the line of Abhishek Bhandari 
with Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Bhandari: Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. CVK, congrats on the good deal 
wins. I had two questions. First is on your guidance. This quarter we 
had 2.4 billion deal wins, which in the press conference you said is 
highest ever for any Q1. And along with that, we also had a mega deal, 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
16 
 
announced in the first week of July. So what are the various moving 
parts which is, restricting you from increasing the guidance from 
here? I'll come back with the second question after this. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yeah, so yes, we are happy to report a very strong booking, but as you 
know our guidance band is a little broader and this is only the first 
quarter. So, we would like to see how things pan out in the next 
quarter. On the mega deal win, the transition is expected to start in a 
couple of months, and the steady state is expected to be reached 
only in April of 2027, so which is coming in the next financial year. It 
will have negligible impact to our revenue in this financial year. And 
that's really what it is, Abhishek. 
Abhishek Bhandari: Got it, thanks CVK. My second and last question is on the, investment 
in the datacenter. If you can share more details around it, what are 
the upper limits or the periods of investment in this, particular 
avenue? If I look at it works out to almost $7 million per megawatt, 
which is kind of the cost for a colocation datacenter, not an AI 
datacenter. So, I'm a little confused, what makes you say it's a AI 
datacenter? Are there any increasing or commitments on the 
investments once you deploy the INR3,500 crores? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yeah, our 50 megawatt is a long-term plan. The INR3,500 crores is 
representing only a fraction of that capacity and that is the initial 
investment that should get us started. And we will have a very 
disciplined approach to increasing investments based on the free 
cash flow that's getting generated from the business. 
 
So, this is an initial investment that should get us started. This is not 
a colo business. This is going to be a full stack play. And there are 
potential possibilities of funding this through a mix of partners 
arrangements with silicon and OEM vendors and committed capacity 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
17 
 
from clients and consumption models where the hardware is 
financed against contracted demand. Even this could be funded 
through a mix of equity and debt. 
 
So we are not putting this entire investment in the balance sheet in a 
single year. We are not funding it at the expense of our stated payout 
policy. We will provide more details as we progress. So, you should 
not correlate and calculate INR3,500 crores for 50 megawatt, but 50 
megawatt is a long-term plan and this investment is for a much 
smaller capacity which will be an end-to-end stack. 
Abhishek Bhandari: Got it, thank you CVK and all the best. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you, Abhishek. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Abhishek Pathak 
with Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Pathak: 
Yeah, hi team, hi CVK. A fantastic quarter. I had a couple of questions. 
Firstly, how do you view token costs in context of AI adoption? If they 
had not been so high, do you think our AI services revenue would have 
been higher? And over a 2-to-3-year perspective, how does your 
team look at token costs? 
 
I mean, do you guys expect token costs to collapse, which leads to 
massive AI implementation revenues, or do you expect them to be 
elevated, which slows down AI displacement and hence leads to 
better defense for IT services? So that's the first question on AI. 
Maybe I'll just follow up with the second one after this? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yeah, token costs, I mean, if you see about 3 months ago or 6 months 
ago, token cost was not a topic. It's only when enterprises started 
scaling the adoption of AI, the whole various dimensions of token 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
18 
 
costs came into play. Now, as the token consumption cost we believe, 
I mean, it really depends on the exact models that you're 
implementing, and customers are looking at creative ways to reduce 
their overall token costs. 
 
And that is where the tiered approach is becoming the most popular 
enterprise AI architecture, both for data sovereignty for the 
enterprises and for the right price performance. So token costs could 
drop, but however the overall consumption of tokens will go up, so 
total cost will also go up. 
 
So, you need to build a more economic model, which is where our 
strategy of building a tiered approach with smaller models within the 
enterprise which can be trained on the enterprise data and also a zero 
trust architecture with a policy enforcement gateway which ensures 
that no data or prompts or context leaves the enterprise. 
 
So that's the model which is becoming prevalent and this will have 
some meaningful, very, very meaningful services revenue opportunity 
because in every client training SLMs requires a lot of data work and 
also training can also be quite intensive in terms of the research 
requirements and all of that. So, we think it will be like another 
engineering services wave that we can create by really pursuing our 
strategy on a hybrid AI stack. 
Abhishek Pathak: 
Understood. And in that context then, it was interesting when you 
mentioned that Sarvam AI is something that you're looking at from 
the Indian market standpoint. Is it possible to take Sarvam's, low-cost 
models maybe to global clients as well and are you kind of, in 
discussions about that too? 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
19 
 
 
And the last question was to Shiv on margins. Do we expect to kind 
of, get back to our original 18% to 19% sort of margin band, anytime 
soon, maybe in FY28, or do we expect the AI investments to kind of 
continue and kind of hold back our margins a bit going forward in the 
in the medium term as well? Thank you. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
As you rightly mentioned, apart from what we can do in the Indian 
enterprises and public sector and government, there is an 
opportunity with the global enterprises. We have talked about the 
tiered approach and SLMs model, and it is generating lot of interest. 
 
Sarvam is a very good option where we have lot stronger partnership 
and our ability to kind of really build the entire training infrastructure, 
training the small language models on enterprise data and some of 
the research capabilities, all that comes in very handy as we build it. 
But the model dependency itself need not be Sarvam because there 
are other options as well, but I think our closer strategic partnership 
helps us drive this with a stronger execution. 
Shiv Walia: 
Abhishek, on the margin front, if you remember last year, if you take 
out the impact of restructuring cost, then our margins were closer to 
18%. And this year the guidance is 17.5% to 18.5% and that also includes 
approximately 40 to 50 basis points restructuring cost impact. As 
regard maybe the longer term, the medium-term horizon of around 
FY28, we will, give that guidance at an appropriate time when we give 
guidance for FY28 next year. At this stage, time I would just like to 
focus on this year's margin guidance, which is 17.5% to 18.5%. 
Abhishek Pathak: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ravi Menon with 
Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
20 
 
Ravi Menon: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and really good performance in the 
ITBS business considering both the seasonality and headwinds in the 
two telecom customers and I think the SAP program ramped up as 
well that you had called out last quarter. But ER&D was a decline was 
a surprise. Which segment was this in and is there any further decline 
anticipated in ER&D in the coming quarters? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yeah, the decline in ER&D was in Tech and Telecom, Media and 
Entertainment verticals. And we did call out that we had some sharp 
cuts in discretionary spending in two large US telcos, and we did say 
that it will have an impact in the subsequent quarters and that is what 
is playing out. And we've had a very strong momentum in the tech 
vertical for last many quarters, so some of this is on the very high 
base. So that's really what it is. 
Ravi Menon: 
And CVK, what's prompted a rethink on the AI datacenter 
investment? Is this because you're seeing more customers now 
wanting to probably run open-weight models and control the 
hardware where the data resides? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yeah, absolutely. I mean, the closed models have their own 
significant limitations, so clients are looking at open models, both 
open weight and open-source models. In datacenter, our play is a 
fundamentally 
different 
strategy 
because 
large 
gigawatt 
announcements are more capacity plays and they are infrastructure 
companies where the product is megawatt. 
 
For us, megawatt isn't the product, it is just the anchor. Our value is in 
full stack of AI high-margin services which we wrap around that 
capacity. More importantly, it would be deploying efficient SLM-led 
models as you did call out to address industry and vertical needs. And 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
21 
 
50 megawatt is good capacity to build a large business if you want to 
do small language models and not frontier models. 
 
This will generate far more enterprise value per megawatt than raw 
hyperscale capacity because we monetize the entire solution, not 
just space and power. And this capacity is also going to help us to 
drive more and more outcome-based contracts and managed 
services contracts where we can consume some of this capacity 
which gets bundled into our outcome-based pricing and managed 
services pricing for global clients. So, I think these two were very 
important kind of dimensions which made this business very 
lucrative. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks. One last question. As your revenue per employee increases, 
do you also expect gross margins to expand? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, of course, from last year to this year our guidance is improving 
gross margins, but I think if our strategy works out as we have 
planned, we do expect the gross margin per employee to increase. 
However, we will continue to invest because the business is in a 
significant inflection point and transformation. So, we will not 
hesitate to make the right investments while continuing to demand 
and get greater value from our clients. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks so much and best of luck. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sudheer 
Guntupalli with Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
22 
 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Hi CVK, thanks for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions on the 
datacenter. General understanding in market is that 1 gigawatt of 
capacity will cost roughly $60 to $80 billion if we were to provide AI 
datacenters on a full stack mode. So, 50-megawatt capacity should 
require nearly INR30,000 crores of overall investment even if that is 
spread over multiple years. Is that a fair assessment or since we are 
targeting this to more of training SLMs, will the economics be any 
different? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yeah, I think your economics at a high level is correct and we did not 
say that this INR3,500 crores is for 50 megawatt. Our overall vision is 
to drive a business of 50 megawatt. We're starting with the INR3,500 
crores, which would be a fraction of that capacity. But we don't see 
us investing so much capital into this business. 
 
We believe there are funding opportunities through a mix of partners 
coming in with silicon companies and OEM vendors and committed 
capacity and also GPUs based on committed contracts, all of that. 
And some amount of equity and debt combination. So, we don't 
expect this to be anywhere near let's say INR30,000 crores kind of 
investment. Our plan is to invest about INR3,500 crores and how the 
business economics works out and then start investing based on free 
cash flows from the business. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Okay, so the second question is there's almost 100 gigawatts of 
announced AI datacenter investments in the pipeline and recently 
some of the companies like SpaceX and Meta, they decided to sell or 
lease their compute. So, in the backdrop, the growing perception is 
that compute may not be as scarce as it is made out to be, or maybe 
we are at the frag end of compute-related bottlenecks. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
23 
 
 
By the time our proposed 50-megawatt capacity becomes fully 
operational, if the compute demand cycle were to turn for 
whatsoever reasons, how do you think of the tenancy ratios here and 
ROICs of the proposed investment? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yeah, I think even now the market is heavily GPU starved, there is no 
ambiguity at all. And the reason some of the big companies are 
renting out GPU capacity is it's very lucrative to rent out GPU 
capacity, that is possibly one reason. And 50 megawatt is a very, very 
small fraction of the total capacity that is needed. 
 
So, we don't believe, I mean, this capacity will just get consumed very, 
very quickly, including some of the commitments that we have for the 
initial investment and next level of investments are going to be based 
on how we deliver on the initial investments. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Okay sir, thanks and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gaurav Rateria 
with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Hi, thank you for taking my questions. I have three questions. Let me 
just, you know, just lay down that all and then you can answer based 
on your comfort on order of preference. My first question is on your 
strategy around the datacenter. If we compare the current cycle to 
the cloud and digital cycle, at that time, you know, as services 
company, we did not require to build the required infrastructure to 
support the rollout of our services. 
 
So, we did not have to build the cloud, we had to partner with the 
right hyperscalers. But this time it looks like we have to build out the 
required infrastructure to be able to roll out the small language 
model and other capabilities. So, I'm just trying to understand how is 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
24 
 
this cycle different from the one that we saw in the cloud and digital 
side of things. The second question is on your near-term visibility and 
guidance. So, my understanding is that this quarter has turned out to 
be probably, you know, slightly better than what we expecting 
because our YoY growth in services business is ahead of our midpoint 
of the guide. 
 
And we are maintaining our guide, it kind of shows some deceleration 
in the YoY trajectory for services business over the coming quarter. 
So, is the outlook incrementally sort of, you know, become a little bit 
tougher than what we saw at the start of the quarter? And the last 
question is on the margins. So, our current margin guidance, does it 
take into account incremental impact from the amortization-related 
expense that will come because of the M&A? Thank you so much. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, so on the datacenter strategy and its comparison to the cloud 
and digital cycle, I think, there is a big reversal of how this is playing 
out because private AI stack is going to be the answer for a lot of 
enterprise needs. And of course, frontier models will be required, but 
you use frontier models very selectively. So, under this consideration, 
you have an option to create VPNs with cloud providers, but I think 
given the data sensitivity and all of this, it's a much better solution for 
clients, and its price performance is very, very attractive for an SLM-
based solution. 
So, I think, this cycle is looking different based on the entire analysis 
of the current situation. On the near-term visibility guidance on 
services and all that, I think we're happy that we've done a little better 
than what we expected. And the macro environment, and some of the 
deal client-specific challenges that I talked about in the beginning of 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
25 
 
the quarter, last quarter, some of them will play out in the subsequent 
quarters and which was also as planned. 
So right now, the whatever macro-related situation what we saw in 
March which continues to be the same today, so we're not able to 
visualize anything different. So, we're continuing with the guidance, 
but obviously after Q2, we will come back to you, with any further 
directional change. 
Shiv Walia: 
And Gaurav, on the margin’s guidelines, as we called out, our revenue 
as well as margin guidance are for the organic business. And on top 
of that we will have the revenue and the margin impact of the 
acquisitions which we are going to do of Jaspersoft and maybe later 
this quarter the other one. So that is outside the impact of those 
acquisitions. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Thank you, all the best. 
Shiv Walia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vibhor Singhal 
with Nuvama Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yes, hi, thanks for taking my question and congrats team for a solid 
deal wins and a great performance in the beginning of the year itself. 
CVK, just two questions from my side, and then I just have one small 
follow-up as well. So, in terms of verticals, I think, you explained the 
weakness in telecom and high-tech which was kind of expected and 
that is kind of leading us down. Our BFSI growth has been quite 
strong for past, I think, more than almost 10 quarters. 
How are the clients looking at the spends in the BFSI segment in 
terms of their AI strategy? Earlier we had seen a lot of insourcing 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
26 
 
happening there, but are the client’s kind of opening up to a more 
third-party outsourcing there, and that is what is kind of leading us to 
the kind of growth that we are seeing in this vertical? 
And secondly on the healthcare vertical, we've fallen off a bit from 
let's say the run rate that we used to have almost $500 million, and 
it's been a continuous kind of not a very sharp one, but a kind of a 
gradual decline over the past eight-nine quarters. So, what's ailing 
that sector, and how do you see, do you see any turnaround in this 
sector in the coming quarters? And then I'll just have a small follow-
up for Shiv. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, thank you, Vibhor. So financial services as you rightly called out, 
we've had solid momentum over last maybe 12 quarters and even the 
YoY growth is the highest in the industry. And it's been driven by our 
AI-native approach to lot of large clients. We also have been more 
proactive about AI adoption, so we have won significant wallet share 
in our top customers in financial services. That's number one. 
The second thing is we're seeing a very broad-based traction in the 
data and analytics space. A lot of it is preparatory work towards 
building enterprise AI stack. So, I think that's been a big tailwind at 
least in the recent quarters. Coming to the Life Sciences and 
Healthcare vertical, of course we had a good mix of engineering 
services as well in Life Sciences and Healthcare. 
And we had a strong traction due to certain regulatory work which 
was required to be done for a lot of medical devices companies, 
which was one of the key contributors to strong growth in Life 
Sciences business three years ago. And those regulatory work came 
to an end, and that did not get refilled with something else, so that 
was one reason. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
27 
 
The second reason is the Healthcare segment itself is heavily 
stressed in the US and most of our healthcare revenue comes from 
US. So that has been also a cause. So, I think these are the two 
reasons. Otherwise, we continue to win regular business and execute 
well, but there have been some headwinds which we are facing. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it, got it. Thanks, CVK for that detailed explanation. Just one quick 
bookkeeping question for Shiv. Shiv, the Jasper acquisition got 
completed in the first week of July. So, while it is not included in our 
guidance, it will still contribute to the revenues from Q2 onwards. Am 
I right on that? 
Shiv Walia: 
That's correct. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
And any indication as to how much could be the contribution from 
the Jasper acquisition to our full year revenue in FY27 or a recurring 
contribution that we could have on an annualized basis? 
Shiv Walia: 
We're still working on it, Vibhor. I think we will possibly give maybe 
$10 to $15 million per quarter in that range, but there's a seasonality 
involved, so it's going to be that range, I think. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Okay, $10 to $15 million per quarter. 
Shiv Walia: 
Yes. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
And lastly, the CTG acquisition is yet to be closed, right? That is not 
yet closed. 
Shiv Walia: 
We expect that to be closed maybe later part of this quarter, but yes, 
I think that's also on the card. Hopefully this quarter only, we don't 
know the exact details, but maybe towards the later part of this 
quarter, that will also get closed. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 13, 2026 
 
28 
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it, got it. Great, thank you so much for taking my questions and 
wish you all the best. 
Shiv Walia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last 
question for today. I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. C Vijayakumar, CEO and MD, for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, thank you everyone for joining us today. We are very happy that 
we've started the year on a good note despite a seasonally weak Q1. 
And we're also very encouraged by our bookings and also the 
potential bookings in Q2. We have a strong pipeline, and we continue 
to evolve very strongly as an AI-native and AI-amplified services 
player, and we look forward to your continued support as we evolve 
into the best AI solutions provider. Thank you and have a good 
evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HCLTech, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
