 
 
 
 
 
 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
CIN: L24240MH1992PLC128651 
‘Ujala House’, Ramkrishna Mandir Road, 
Kondivita, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400059. 
Tel: +91 022-6689 2800 | Fax: +91 022-6689 2805 
info@jyothy.com | www.jyothylabs.com 
 
 
May 7, 2026 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited                                                           
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,           
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 023 
BSE Code: 532926 
                            
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: JYOTHYLAB 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended 
March 31, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Para A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, transcript of the earnings 
conference call held on Monday, May 4, 2026 for analyst/ investors to discuss the Audited 
Financial Results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026 and the way forward, is 
enclosed. 
Further, the aforesaid information is also available on the website of the Company at 
www.jyothylabs.com. 
Kindly take the above on your record and disseminate the same for the information of 
investors. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
 
Shreyas Trivedi  
Head – Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
SHREYAS 
PARAG TRIVEDI
Digitally signed by 
SHREYAS PARAG TRIVEDI 
Date: 2026.05.07 10:31:31 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Jyothy Labs Limited 
Q4 FY26 Results Conference Call” 
May 04, 2026 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. M. R. JYOTHY – CHAIRPERSON AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – JYOTHY LABS LIMITED 
 
MR. PAWAN AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
JYOTHY LABS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ASHUTOSH – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Jyothy Labs' Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashutosh sir from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Ashutosh: 
Thank you, Gitesh. Hello, and good afternoon, everyone present on the call. I, on behalf of ICICI 
Securities, welcome you on Jyothy Labs' Q4 FY26 Earnings Call. I would like to thank the 
management to give this opportunity of hosting the call. From the management we have with 
Ms. Jyothy, Chairperson and Managing Director; and Mr. Pawan Agarwal, CFO. 
I now hand the call over to Jyothy ma'am for her opening remarks. Thank you. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Thank you, Ashutosh. Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to the Q4 and FY26 
Earnings Call of Jyothy Labs Limited. Our financial results and investor presentation are 
available on our website and the stock exchanges. I trust you have had the opportunity to review 
them. 
Let me start with the broader environment. FY26 was a year of volatility for the FMCG sector. 
Urban demand was uneven for a large part of the year. At the same time, input costs remain 
elevated with a sharp increase towards the end of the year due to the West Asia situation. Despite 
these headwinds, we maintained steady volume growth. This was supported by calibrated 
grammage actions and a gradual improvement in demand, especially in the second half of the 
financial year. 
Rural markets remained relatively resilient, supported by monsoons and government spending. 
GST rate cuts also helped improve demand particularly in Personal Care segment from the third 
quarter onwards. For the full year, our revenues grew by 3.5% in value terms and 6% in volumes. 
Fabric Care grew by 8% in value and 9.5% in volumes, led by strong growth in liquid detergents.  
Liquids nearly doubled during the year. Dishwash declined by 1.3% in value, despite 6% volume 
growth due to intense competition, price cuts and higher grammage across the market. Personal 
Care recovered well with the Margo franchise growing by 5% in value and 1.6% in volumes. 
We expect FY27 to be a stronger year for this segment. In Household Insecticides, our focus 
was on reducing losses and improving the mix, while HI sales declined by 1.3%, losses reduced 
significantly from INR25 crores last year to about INR5 crores this year. 
Q4 saw a mixed demand environment. Consumption remained steady overall. We had started 
seeing early signs of recovery, particularly in the urban markets after the GST changes in 
September. That trend continued into Q4. But towards the end of the quarter, the situation 
became less predictable due to the developments in West Asia. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
While this region does not have any material direct impact on our revenues, the indirect impact 
through crude prices, packaging costs and currency movement is significant. Crude prices 
moved up sharply, and that has started reflecting in key inputs like LAB, PP and PE. 
Packaging costs alone account for nearly 15% to 20% of our material costs. As stated earlier, 
around 50% to 60% of our inputs are crude linked directly or indirectly, and therefore, a sharp 
increase in the crude prices, along with a weaker rupee has put pressure on the overall cost 
structure. 
Looking ahead, there is some uncertainty. Higher crude prices could keep inflation elevated and 
may affect consumer spending. This is also a risk to rural demand if farm income gets impacted 
in the coming quarters. That said, demand conditions through most of the Q4 remained stable, 
and we saw a gradual improvement in the consumption, especially in urban markets. 
Fabric Care delivered strong growth with 14.4% value growth and 17.8% volume growth, both 
main wash and post wash contributed. Liquids continued their strong momentum while powders 
and bars also supported the growth. Our key brands, Henko, Ujala, Mr. White and Morelight 
performed well. Dishwash saw a 5% volume growth, but value growth remained flat. This was 
largely due to price reductions, grammage increases and promotional offers. 
Competitive intensity remains high with several players reducing MRPs and offering more 
quantity at the same price. During the quarter, we strengthened the Exo portfolio with the launch 
of the bio-enzyme-based dishwash across formats. Personal Care saw a strong recovery. The 
segment grew by 20% in value and volume in Q4. The impact of GST-related disruption seen 
earlier in the year, fully settled and demand improved meaningfully from December onwards. 
The Margo franchise performed well, supported by both core variants and refreshed pack for 
Margo Original. This will help improve visibility and support future growth. Household 
Insecticides grew by about 3% in value. While coils continued to decline, growth in liquids 
vaporizer more than offset this. The mix continues to improve with LV now about 55% of the 
portfolio compared to 50% last year. 
this is moving the segment closer to profitability. Channel trends remain consistent, modern 
trade, e-commerce and quick commerce continue to grow strongly. These channels are becoming 
an increasingly important part of the portfolio. General trade also continued its recovery in Q4 
with growth across regions. 
Let me now cover the financial performance. For Q4, revenue stood at INR717 crores, up 7.7% 
year-on-year. Gross margin was at 45.2%, down about 400 basis points, driven by input cost 
inflation and lower realizations. Employee cost was 11.9% of revenue. Other expenses were at 
12.8% of revenue. A&P spend was 7% compared to 8% last year. 
EBITDA margin stood at 13.5%, down by about 330 basis points year-on-year. For full year 
2026, revenue stood at INR2,944 crores, up by 3.5%. Gross margin was 47%, down 320 basis 
points. EBITDA margin was 15.3%, down by 230 basis points. PAT stood at INR333 crores. 
Net working capital improved to 15 days, a reduction of 4 days. We remain debt free with a 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
strong cash balance of INR1,000 crores. The Board has recommended a final dividend of INR3.5 
per share for FY26. 
Input cost pressures increased sharply towards the end of the quarter. We have taken selective 
price increases in March and their impact will be seen in Q1 FY27. We may take further actions 
depending on how input costs move. However, given the current demand environment, it is 
difficult to pass on the full impact of cost increases immediately. This is especially true in lower 
unit packs where price points are fixed. As a result, margins are likely to remain under pressure 
in the near-term. 
Also, there is typically a lag between cost increases and pricing actions. We will continue to 
manage the margin pressure through a mix of pricing, cost control, operating leverage and 
calibrated media spends. Looking ahead, the environment remains uncertain. Input costs, 
currency movements and geopolitical developments will continue to influence the business in 
the near-term. 
We expect the full impact of recent developments to be visible in Q1 FY27. Our focus remains 
on scaling recently launched NPDs, improving general trade productivity and sustaining volume 
growth amidst price hikes, while maintaining brand investment in a calibrated manner to support 
medium-term growth. We remain cautiously optimistic about FY27 while staying watchful of 
the external environment. 
Before I close, I would like to thank our teams for their commitment, our trade and distribution 
partners for their support and our investors for their continued trust. With that, I conclude my 
opening remarks. We'll now be happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Vishal Gutka from Ask Investment 
Managers. Thank you and go ahead. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Congrats on a decent set of numbers. 3-4 questions from my side. Firstly, on the Fabric Care, 
excellent numbers on the volume front, around 18% volume growth. And I think once in a 
lifetime opportunity is available with regard to conversion of powder to liquid. What more can 
be done so that we grab hefty market share in the liquid detergent segment? 
I understand you've doubled what you call the business size and efficiency, especially on a lower 
base. What more can be done from here onwards? I think a couple of products you have 
launched, Ujala conditioner, Young & Fresh conditioner that you launched. I just wanted more 
insight from you on that? 
Secondly, second question on the dishwashing segment. Due to competitive pressures, I think 
you have increased the grammage from the third quarter onwards. The margins have collapsed 
over here from 18%, the margins are down to around 10% for the quarter. So, what actions can 
we take so that the margin gradually recover. 
I understand there are challenges with regards to competition with the inflation front. But one of 
the actions that you've taken is launch of maybe Exo Liquid, if you can elaborate a bit. What is 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
the game plan because since you already have Pril in the basket. So how do you plan to scale up 
both the brands? 
Third question is on the HI segment. Third question is on the HI piece. Since you have turned 
profitable on HI during this quarter, what is the long-term growth path as well as profitability 
path for the HI piece from here onwards? 
And last question, madam, is on the cash balance that we have of approximately INR1,000 crores 
that we are holding. I think we've been, I think, scouting for acquisition for a while. What is the 
hindrance or what is what we call preventing us from doing an M&A activity? Thank you. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Hi, Vishal. So, Fabric Care is the first question that you asked. Liquid detergent for us has done 
really well. It is also to note that post wash segment is also growing. And the detergent powder 
segment as such is seeing a marginal degrowth because you see most of the conversions from 
powder to liquid happening. So, we have grown healthy. So, the thing is that we've been 
investing on the brands, and that has helped us yield that result. And it's not just on detergent, 
liquid detergents, it's across the Fabric Care portfolio also. 
Our Young & Fresh also has done really well. Our Dr. Wool, the liquid detergent for woolen 
clothes and special clothes that we introduced in the third quarter also has done well. So, if you 
see Fabric Care across, we have done well.  
And very happy to see the double-digit growth also on that. And that will continue because that 
market is going to adopt, more and more people are getting into liquid detergents as it makes it 
easier for them to use. It's also milder on the hands. So, you will see a lot of action in the liquid 
detergent space, and we are there to grow along with that. 
On Dishwash, yes, the grammage reductions, the increases have happened and the price 
reductions have happened. So, if you see, compared to last year versus this year, that has been 
the trend, but we are happy to say that we have maintained the market share, and we are growing, 
in fact, in many markets. So that's good. And for some time, it will remain, especially because 
of the West Asia crisis that will be there for some time. But we are doing well in the business, 
so no concern there. On the HI? 
Vishal Gutka: 
Madam, on this Exo liquid and Pril, if you can just elaborate what is the game plan because you 
already have Pril dishwashing with the branding already there, so now we introduced Exo liquid 
out over there. Just wanted your thoughts, how do you plan to scale up this brand? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes. So, Exo Liquid is quite differentiated compared to Pril. Pril is at a premium, and Exo will 
be in direct competition with the market leader. And we have bio-enzymes included in the 
formulation. It makes the washing process easier. So that is one that is the differentiator. Our 
focus is also to grow because you see the Dishwash liquid segment also growing. So, if you say 
across formats, the liquid segments are growing. And we want to capture it in every possible 
way. 
So, for Exo bar user, if you see, there are not much choice for Exo bar consumer in liquid. So, 
for any Exo bar users to upgrade, it was high time to launch Exo Liquid. So that is one. Exo 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Liquid is antibacterial and it has bio-enzymes, Pril is more on degreasing and on premium liquid 
segment. So that is the differentiation, and we wish to see that both the brands grow, we'll be 
investing on both the brands, yes. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
On HI, your specific question on the profitability and long-term plan. So, as we have stated some 
3, 4 quarters before that we are working on a plan to turn this category profitable, and the plan 
has started delivering some results. In terms of our focus, we have been focusing more on liquid 
vaporizer, and we have taken some aggressive price increases on coil segment that, of course, 
meant some decline in volumes and value in coil, but that has been more than offset by liquid 
vaporizer. 
Our NPD Maxo Aerosol is a profitable product and is doing reasonably well, although it's too 
early to comment because there are only a couple of quarters the product is available. if you see 
the volume growth has been in high teens. And for the full year also, if you see, we are almost 
touching double digits. So, the strategy seems to be playing out well. 
And we had indicated that by the end of FY27, this category will be profitable, but it seems that 
if the last two quarters are anything to go by, I think we are on the right track and probably it 
can help us deliver the profitability target much earlier. 
Your last question around the cash balance of INR1,000 crores. Yes, you are right, and we have 
been scouting for right assets. And very aggressively, we are looking for right asset. But as we 
have mentioned earlier, we are going to pick up the asset, which actually adds to the overall 
shareholders' value. And we are in active dialogues with a couple of them. Let's see, you know, 
how it pans out. And at appropriate time, we will let the street know about our acquisition 
decision. Thank you. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Thank you. Thank you for the insight. Just one last question on the margins and overall margins, 
and all the highlighted uncertainty with regard to a lot of things. But madam if you can broadly 
provide a guidance about FY27 shall we assume a margin band of 13.5 to 14 for FY27? That's 
the broader margin band that we're targeting? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Vishal, your question is valid, but at this point of time, looking at the situation, we are all aware. 
The way input prices and packing material prices are behaving, the way crude is behaving. We 
are also taking price increases. All these factors put together, there is extremely high volatility. 
At this stage, we will be constrained to give any guidance on margin front. Maybe once the 
external environment settles down a little bit, hopefully, it should in a couple of quarters' time, 
then we'll be able to guide the street on our margin target for FY27. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rushabh Shah from Buglerock PMS. Thank you. Please go 
ahead. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Just to continue the previous participant question. Fabric Care, as you know, it's clearly make-
or-break segment for the company. So how typically is the pricing in the detergent category 
versus the Surf, Tide. Are we at a premium or at discount? 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
And also, I have read somewhere the prices of the liquid detergent have collapsed because of 
the new players who have entered the market. So how is Henko's position out here? And what 
steps are we taking to defend the market share in the Fabric Care segment? And the same 
question would be valid for the Dishwash segment as well. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes. So, hi, Rushabh. fabric Care segment, all of our brands that are operating, it is not just 
Henko, we have various brands at different segments, and all are priced same at parity to 
competition. In fact, in some markets, we are at premium as well. So that said, I hope that 
answers your question there. 
And liquid detergents, yes, it has been competitive. The intensity was there from local players 
as well. But as we go along, consumers also see where the quality is. There are many brands, 
especially at the local level that they had hardly anything in the product and the pricing was at a 
very low level. 
End of the day, consumers know what quality is and which brand to be chosen. And there, I 
think if it were to be that this thing, then people would have chosen only locals over branded 
players. But the thing that all the organized players are growing handsomely in this segment, 
which also means that slowly that trend will change going forward. Consumers will look for 
quality than just water. So that's what I believe in. The same goes for Dishwash as well. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. Can you please talk about brand differentiation compared to the competition? So, we said 
that what we offer is differentiated with what competition is offering. So, my question is when 
you say differentiated products, what exactly are we talking about? Is it only the effectiveness 
of the product or is it the branding differentiation? What are we talking about? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes, it's a positioning, Rushabh. I don't think I can sit and explain each brand because there are 
many in the Fabric Care segment, each one stands for at a differentiated position. 
Rushabh Shah: 
This question is not just related to the Fabric Care, it's the overall Jyothy Labs I'm talking about. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes. Certainly, what I'm saying is each brand has a different positioning. So, it's what the brand 
speaks is what the brand delivers. That is where it is. So, we are differentiated. Now I cannot sit 
and explain on the call what each brand stands for. If you see it, but whatever we speak on the 
spend that we do, the communication that reaches the consumers, they are differentiated in terms 
of compared to competition, right? 
And at pricing, we are at similar pricing to that of competition. So hence, there is we've been 
that way since quite some time, and we have made our mark. So that's what I can explain right 
now. 
Rushabh Shah: 
And my second question is, suppose you do an inorganic acquisition, what other things which 
you will investigate in terms of the work culture of the company, the profile of the customers, 
etcetera, and many other things. So, what things will you investigate in the company? 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Pawan Agarwal: 
So, there is the reason why we have not been able to announce any acquisition so far is the robust 
screening process. And we have a very robust and tight process through which we look at any 
potential opportunity. And there are various aspects to a deal. It is not just the cultural alignment. 
Of course, this is an important element, but there are other factors also. Your channel, the 
category, the price point, the consumer segment, the market, the presence on organized trade, all 
these factors we take into consideration while taking a call on a particular opportunity. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. Last question is that we have seen that certain categories which reach, let's say, penetration 
of 14%, 15% and then the slow burn rate starts, then the incremental penetration becomes 
difficult and fight with the competition. So, what I wanted to know what is the thought process 
or rather what are the strategies lined on gaining incremental share in our categories alongside 
fighting with the competition? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
See, end of the day, you'll have to fight the competition, Rushabh, there's no escape from that. 
So, the categories that we are present is very competitive in nature. And I've explained in my 
previous listing that we are differentiated. We'll keep spending on the brands, and our quality 
will speak for itself, right? So those are the parameters where you can fight and if your consumer 
chooses you, it's a win for you. So that's all what I can explain to you on the call here. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Navin from ithoughtPMS. Please go ahead. 
Navin: 
Yes. So, I just wanted to understand on small thing about the margins. It's more of a clarification 
than anything else. So, I just want to understand if some lower priced inventory has helped us 
cushion the margin impact this quarter? Or if we have been like exhausted all that low price 
inventory and we have had to buy inventory at these elevated prices as of March even. So maybe 
just to get an idea regarding that? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
No, there is no such advantage of lower-priced inventory in this quarter. I think the raw material 
prices have been moving in upward direction. So not a material impact as far as the lower-priced 
inventory issue is concerned. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yogesh Mittal, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Mittal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, I wanted to ask about the divisions that we have in the Fabric 
Care, the Dishwash, the Personal Care. Do we have our individual business heads for them? Or 
how do we manage because they target a different kind of the customer needs? I just wanted to 
understand this part. Thank you. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
So, the brand guys are different. That's all. Rest of the supply chain, the rest of the team are all 
common, Yogesh. 
Yogesh Mittal: 
So, do we have the business heads for each of the division or the segment, as we call them? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
No, not as a business this thing, but yes, it's only in one certain department that you have that 
way. But as a business, we combine and we give the results. Yes. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Yogesh Mittal: 
Right. Okay. Right. Thanks for this. And just one thing, I wanted to ask one thing more, if I can 
squeeze in. For the Personal Care, do we intend to go in the beauty segment as well because 
soaps and these aspects in case like some beauty segments or products which you are thinking 
of coming in? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Not currently. We'll see if possible in future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sonal, Prescient Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Minhas: 
This is Sonal Minhas. I hope I am audible? 
Yogesh Mittal: 
Yes, you are. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Thanks for taking my question. My first question was with regard to the Dishwash segment. Just 
asking subjectively, have you seen the competition become less intense as we speak in the month 
of April and May. And most sensitive in terms of pricing and volume, any direction of data that 
you can give? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. The voice is muffled. May I request you to use your headset? 
Sonal Minhas: 
Sure. I am asking the question. Is it better now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. It's better now. You can continue. Thank you. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Yes. Yes. I was asking, have you seen competition become less intense in the Dishwash segment 
in terms of pricing or grammage. Anything you can share there? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
No, not right now. It's the same. It's continuing the same way. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it. My second question, with regard to the difference between the volume and the value gap 
between last quarter and this quarter, the gap has widened a little more by a percentage point. 
Wanted to understand for next year, do we see the convergence directionally, anything if you 
could share? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Yes, you are right. Going forward with the price increases that we are taking, I think the gap 
between volume and value growth would narrow down and slowly it will converge. 
Sonal Minhas: 
So for next year, we should assume that by the later quarters, the numbers should be in sync in 
tandem basically? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
As I said, giving any kind of guidance at this stage is difficult, but the actions that we are taking 
right now, in the near-term, this gap should reduce is all I can tell you. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it, sir. That is good enough for me. My last question is with regard to the retail footprint of 
Jyothy as a brand. I just wanted to, I think between last year and this year, just picking up data 
from your deck, you seem to have added 1 lakh outlets overall. Just wanted to understand if there 
is broader guidance on states, where your footprint is less, regions your footprint is less and do 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
you intend to have a plan of how many retail outlets you need to add to expand and fill the gaps 
in those areas? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
So we've been adding almost 50,000 to 100,000 of retail outlets every year, and that is what will 
continue. And that is across the country. There are no particular geography or things like that. 
So it will be an across GT increase in outlets. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Soman: 
Firstly, can you give us a sense on market share, how your fabric care and soaps and liquid 
vaporizers or insecticides? If any sort of sense you can give that would be very useful. In terms 
differentiate products how are we differentiating on the liquid detergents? 
Moderator: 
Sir, your voice is breaking. Can you just come a little bit closer. Yes. 
Aditya Soman: 
Yes. On liquid detergents, we are seeing a huge amount of competition coming. How are we 
seeing this? how we can grow in this competitive environment? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
So, we do not give the detailed brand-wise or category-wise market share data. But on an overall 
basis, we have protected our market share or improved it across various categories is all I can 
tell you. And in liquid detergent also specifically, we have done really well. Our market shares 
have improved. 
Aditya Soman: 
Understood. And any sense on competitive positioning of the products? I mean, in terms of price 
points or where you're seeing the most demand at what price point? Any sense would be very 
useful. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
So, we have different segments, Aditya, that is you have your premium, you have your mass, 
you have your med. And we are priced at par with competition. So, like Pawan said, we have 
either retained the market share or have improved that across brands. 
Aditya Soman: 
I understand. No, I know about the different price points. What I wanted to understand also a 
little bit more is you indicated that we are seeing a shift from sort of powder to liquid. Is this 
being also driven by being sort of more aggressive on pricing on liquids? One of the things I'm 
seeing in my checks is that price per use on liquids has now dropped below powder for equivalent 
brands. So, would that be sort of a strategic choice? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes. See, if you see a few years back when liquids were introduced in the country. At that time, 
it was a premium to powders. It is just to induce trial that players have to make it more affordable 
to have more to see the benefits of liquid that such competitive pricing has been introduced in 
the market, and that has continued for some time. Maybe after a couple of years, things may see 
a different picture in that segment. But otherwise, for now, yes, it is very competitive. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akash Shah from UTI MF. Please go ahead. 
Akash Shah: 
Just wanted to ask, sir, how much has the price increase being taken in Dishwash and Detergent 
segment? And how much inflation is there in the raw materials? Just wanted to get some sense 
on how far are we from taking the full price increase to offset the inflation? 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you Akash. So, we have as I mentioned earlier, we have taken pricing action to the tune 
of around 4% in the month of March. The result of which should be visible in quarter 1 to a large 
extent and full impact should be visible quarter 2 onwards. 
Second, on the inflation side, our large part of our portfolio is impacted with crude or crude 
derivative inflation. So there, the impact is higher. And also in packing materials, we have seen 
in the last couple of months, the crude-linked HDPE, PP going up, prices going up significantly. 
So, on packing material side also, there is an inflation impact, so overall pricing increase first 
action we have taken and if required, we will take subsequent action going forward, depending 
upon how inflation subsists. 
Akash Shah: 
Sure. And sir, if I were to sort of assume that current prices prevail in terms of raw materials, 
then sir, how much price increase will be required to offset that inflation? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
No, I cannot give that number just now. But we are monitoring the price increases on the raw 
material side on a continuous basis. And depending upon the market situation and also the 
volume growth or ambition, we have to keep all the factors in mind while taking any pricing 
decisions. So, we are taking calibrated steps and we'll continue to do so. 
Akash Shah: 
Sure, sir. Sir, this 4% price hike that we have taken, that is for both Fabric Care as well as 
Dishwash, right? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
At the company level, I'm saying across various brand categories, SKUs, it's a mix. I'm talking 
about the portfolio level. 
Akash Shah: 
Okay, understood, understood. And sir, two bookkeeping questions. One is, sir, how much will 
the tax rate for us for FY27? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
It will be, we will be going for 115BAA. So, rate should be around 25% to 26%. It should be 
hovering between 25% to 26%. 
Akash Shah: 
Right. And sir, capex for '27, will it be similar to previous year or a bit higher? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Similar. It will be in similar range only. Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
I just had a few questions. One was on the pricing that you just mentioned. So, while you did 
give the weighted average number, I just wanted to understand that is the entire pricing in Fabric 
and Dishwash or you also have taken up prices in Personal Care? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
No. As I said, Harit, this is across all the segment categories. So, the blended increase would be 
close to 4% or a little over 4%. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes, I get that, Pawan, but I just wanted to check whether there have been increases in soaps as 
well. That's the question. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Yes, we have initiated. As I said, in the month of March, we have initiated. The impact would 
be visible in quarter 1, including Margo. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Okay. Got it. Got it. And the second thing was on HI. If you could just help us understand 
this product mix or category mix, subsegment mix, whatever you call it in HI for the second half 
of this year. Just wanted to understand at what level of mix you've been able to kind of achieve 
these breakeven numbers in terms of LV non-LV basis? Or coil, non-coil, however you want to 
call it. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Yes. Understand, understand. Look, what I'm saying is it is too early to draw any conclusion 
based on 1 or 2 quarters' number. While the LV's share in the total HI has improved, if you look 
at last 4 to 5, 6 quarters, it has improved slowly but gradually. Now it is at 55% and coil is 45% 
and also when I say, LV, the new launches, for example, aerosol and racquet, etcetera, I'm 
bunching together because the profitability is superior compared to coil. So, these products are 
doing well. And hence, the ratio is tilted in favour of LV and others, whereas coil dependence is 
coming down. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Got it. Got it. Third question was really on these price increases, which have been taken 
by yourselves and the market. Do you have these been broadly in line across like most players 
would have taken similar levels of price increase according to your key categories? Is that what 
you're witnessing? Or there are players are using this as a mode to drive competitive intensity. I 
would assume not, but just wanted to get your thoughts on it. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
No, you are right. Your assessment is right. It is in line. 
Harit Kapoor: 
It is in line. Okay. Got it. Got it. And last bit was on the Fabric Care bit. Exceptionally strong 
volume growth numbers, in fact, not even quarter 4, even quarter 3 numbers are very good. 
While you've mentioned liquids is like 2x, but I remember it being like a low single-digit share 
of your mix, if I'm not wrong, correct me if I'm wrong, please. 
But, so obviously, the growth there, it's not really while it has driven a part of it, it would not 
have driven it entirely. If you could just give a flavour in terms of this acceleration in growth in 
H2. I don't want a number, but would it be primarily penetration led or a couple of categories 
like either premium detergents or mass detergents, something doing much better than the other. 
Some colour on that would be very helpful. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
No, I understand from where you are coming, Harit. But overall, the Fabric Care category has 
been doing well for us, both in main wash as well as in post wash, detergent powder, liquid bar, 
soaps, our premium product our flagship product, Ujala Supreme fabric whitener, fabric 
conditioner that we recently launched. You pick any product. I think we are doing a decent job 
across various products and categories within Fabric Care. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Good. And sorry, one last question was that any sense of apart from premiumization because 
there's also a lot of volume growth, so apart from premiumization in terms of adoption, 
penetration, usage, overall category growth, have you also seen that lift up in the last 2 quarters, 
like not for you overall, but just overall category growth, have you seen that pick up as well, 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
because you've definitely been gaining, but would you see category growth also having really 
adding to that tailwind? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
So that category is definitely growing. Compared to powders, liquids are growing. That is what 
I can say. And that has been on a similar thing through the year, this year, last year also. but yes, 
we've done well. The powders have started diminishing. That is the main thing. So, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Purohit from Elara. Please go ahead.  
Amit Purohit: 
Sir, just trying to understand, I mean, on the pricing side, you highlighted the 4% price increase 
at the portfolio level. If I look at Q4 versus Q3, the price reduction or the difference between 
volume and value has further gone down by 1% or so. Is that largely to do with some of the mix 
or some schemes that you might be running? Is that the reason, sir? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Yes, it's a combination of a lot of factors, not just the schemes, your grammages or quantity, 
then MRP cuts. It's a combination of a lot of factors across different segments and categories. 
Amit Purohit: 
And then you have taken price increase of 4%. Have you reduced the schemes as well? Is it 
combination or when you say 4%, everything is included in that? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
I'm saying overall impact around 4%, which we took towards second or third week of March, a 
large portion of it, which should be visible in quarter 1 and quarter 2 at a totality level. 
Amit Purohit: 
That's a combination of you might have reduced some schemes as well as ASP increase. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Pricing action. Basically, the net effect of pricing decision would be about 4%. 
Amit Purohit: 
Okay.  And sir, just to ask again, on the margin thing, while I understand it's a volatile scenario, 
but when I look at, I mean, current numbers, and we would be carrying some bit of an inventory 
which will be an old stock inventory, which would  and you indicated not much of benefits 
would have come, but if I think from 2 quarters down the line, are we in a scenario where the 
inflation concern has only risen while we do have taken price increase. 
So, could there be a scenario in the near-term that this exit margins of Q4 could be slightly lower 
in the near-term? Is that directionally if you can help, it will be much better for us to understand. 
While I take your point on the volatility scenario, but just to model it, it will be better for us. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
No, fair question. As I indicated, rather, as Jyothy indicated in her opening remarks, near-term, 
we are seeing margin pressure. So, quarter 1, definitely there is some pressure on margins. But 
it's highly linked to what happens on the crude and crude derivative prices, which would have a 
bearing on our pricing actions. So, for the current quarter, there will be some pressure on 
margins. 
Amit Purohit: 
Sure. And lastly, sir, is there any structurality change in the margin profile because of maybe 
liquids gaining significant traction in the recent times in the Fabric category or competition is 
there in the Dishwash, but that was there earlier also. I mean this quarter saw a significant fall 
in the EBIT margin. So, there is no otherwise structural change, which would probably result in 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
a slightly lower margin profile from here on one should expect, excluding the crude scenario, 
which we are seeing right now? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
No, this margin drop that you're seeing is largely driven by the crude or crude derivative prices. 
Structurally, there is no major change in the business construct of the company. 
Amit Purohit: 
And lastly, sorry, on the supply and sourcing side, I just wanted to know how are we positioned 
relative to some of the smaller players? Do we have some advantage over there and you are 
seeing on the ground some market share gains from smaller players, especially on the liquids, 
fabric or powder. If you can touch upon that and our ability to source it slightly better just on 
these points, qualitative? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Our volume growth numbers tell you the story. So, we would not like to comment beyond that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddhesh Deshmukh from IIFL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Percy: 
Hi. This is Percy here. Just wanted to ask regarding your gross margin this quarter, it was 400 
bps down. Just trying to understand the reason for this because the input costs inflated only in 
March, and typically, there is a lag between the crude prices going up and the derivatives going 
up, plus there is an inventory or some kind of cover that companies have. So why in this quarter, 
gross margin has gotten affected by 400 basis points? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
good question, Percy. There are two reasons for this. One is, of course, some bit of inflation did 
hit us in quarter 4. But on the pricing side, lower overall lower sales realization has also impacted 
margin. As you know, we have a typical 2 to 3 months of lag between the cost increases on the 
input side and the price action that we take on the sales side. 
So that has impacted. The corrective action, the sales price increase decision was taken towards 
the end of the quarter while the lowering of sales average realization was happening through the 
quarter. And hence, you see some impact in gross margin in this quarter. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Also, we have given grammages, extra grammages and all that comparative to last year. So that 
is also there, Percy. 
Percy: 
So, this extra grammages is something driven by competitive pressure or it's something that like 
you have done even though the competition has not done the same thing? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
No, no. So, it is a competitive reaction. Also, as we speak, so last year versus this year, there's a 
huge price reduction also that has happened. If you see quarter-on-quarter, last year's price versus 
this year, there's a huge difference. So even if we have grown by volume, the pricing action and 
the grammages, these put together, along with your other inflated raw materials, all of this 
together all converged in this quarter. So that is why you see that. 
Percy: 
Okay. Because just trying to understand this a little bit in detail. One is, of course, there is some 
in some categories, there is just GST-led grammage and lower price, but detergents did not have 
that, and if I'm also looking at HUL results, they have not seen a significant kind of margin 
pressure. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
So just wanted to sort of put across these data points and see what is happening that, I mean and 
see where I'm coming from is even if I see the last crude price cycle a few years ago, our margins 
had come down from 16%, 17% to 10%, 11%. 
And EPS, I think on a full year basis, not just for 1 quarter, had fallen approximately 30% or 
something like that. So just wanted to understand why this kind of impact on bottom line happens 
to us much more than other companies even adjusted for the product portfolio? 
Like, for example, instead of looking at HUL, overall as a company, if I look at only the Home 
Care, in the past cycles, we do not see such a big impact. But if we look at other FMCG 
companies, we do not see such a big impact. So just wanted to understand what is different for 
us that we are sort of facing the brunt of this. 
Of course, it reverses when the crude price goes down and the margin does come up, not denying 
that. But a few quarters can be very painful in the interim. And I was just trying to understand 
what is the reason for that? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
No, fair question, Percy. As we have mentioned earlier also, about 60% of the business is linked 
to crude and crude derivatives. And also, if we look at the key raw material, LABSA, the prices 
have gone through the roof in this quarter. If you look at January, and if you look at prices today, 
they are up by 60%, 65%. 
If you look at HDPE, PP, packing material item, which is roughly 15% to 20% of our purchases 
that has gone up by about 50%, 55%, and that has happened in March and April. So, all these 
factors, plus the average of sales realization has affected the margins. And as I indicated, quarter 
1 is also going to be some pressure, while calibrated pricing action will be taken, but it is all 
linked to how input prices behave going forward. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes. Another reason, Percy, is almost 70% to 80% of our portfolio is into home care. And if you 
see, while the rest have the other segments also, so hence, you don't see as much. Apart from 
that, the coil as a segment is also margin decorative. So that is an addition to us, but we have 
performed very well on liquid. So, while we are trying to correct that segment as well, as you 
see. So, these are the factors which impact us more than for others. 
Percy: 
Got it. Got it. But why not then take a higher price increase? 4% seems very low? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
We are also keeping an eye on our volume retention because the volume growth momentum that 
we are maintaining, while in the near-term, there could be some pressure in margin, but we want 
to retain volumes. So, we have to strike a balance between the two. I'm not saying one versus 
the other. It will be a combination of both. But again, it will 100% of the input price increase, as 
you know, cannot be passed on to the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for the day. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pawan 
sir for closing remarks. Please go ahead. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you. Thank you so much. We really appreciate your continued interest in Jyothy Labs 
Limited. Thank you so much. Have a pleasant evening ahead. Thank you. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Jyothy Labs Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility   
                    for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
