 
 
June 08, 2026 
To, 
 
  BSE Limited 
                                                                National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
            The Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543413 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: TEGA 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter and Financial Year ended March 31, 
2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call of Tega Industries Limited held on June 02, 2026, at 5:30 PM (IST) for the Quarter and 
Financial Year ended March 31, 2026. The same can also be accessed on the Company’s website at 
https://www.tegaindustries.com/investor/#stock-exchange. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Manjuree Rai 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A12858 
 
Enclosed: As stated above 
 
 
 
 
 
Manjuree 
Rai
Digitally signed by 
Manjuree Rai 
Date: 2026.06.08 
17:20:33 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Tega Industries Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 02, 2026 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MEHUL MOHANKA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TEGA 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. PRATIK BASU ROY – PRESIDENT, PRODUCT 
MANAGEMENT, GLOBAL SALES AND MARKETING – 
TEGA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SHYAMA PRASAD GANGULY – INTERIM CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – TEGA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SOURAV SEN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
TEGA MCNALLY MINERALS LIMITED 
 
MR. LANCE DAWBER – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – 
MOLYCOP 
 
MR. PATRICK KOLEY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MOLYCOP 
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VARUN JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL 
 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2026 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tega Industries Limited Q4 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital Markets Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, 
please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Varun Jain: from Dolat 
Capital. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Varun Jain:: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. So welcome to the Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of Tega 
Industries. So today, we are joined by the senior management of Tega Industries as well as the 
senior management of Molycop. So the participants are Mr. Mehul Mohanka, MD and Group 
CEO, Tega Industries; Mr. Shyama Prasad Ganguly, Interim CFO; Mr. Pratik Basu Roy, 
President, Product Management, Global Sales and Marketing; and from Molycop, we have Mr. 
Lance Dawber, Chief Operating Officer of Molycop; and Mr. Patrick Koley, Chief Financial 
Officer of Molycop. So we'll begin with some opening remarks by the management followed by 
the Q&A. Thank you. 
Mehul Mohanka: 
Good evening, and a warm welcome to all the participants on the call. I'm joined this evening 
by -- with Mr. Sourav Sen, CEO of Tega McNally; Pratik Basu Roy, President, Product Group 
and Sales; Mr. Shyama Prasad Ganguly, our Interim CFO. And it's a pleasure to also introduce 
the team from Molycop. I'd like to introduce Lance Dawber, Chief Operating Officer; and 
Patrick Koley, CFO. Thank you for joining us today. It's a pleasure to connect with all our valued 
investors, analysts and stakeholders. I hope you and your families are keeping well. 
 
Our consolidated revenue for the year ended FY '26 stood at INR17,736 million, representing a 
5% year-on-year growth. We delivered an EBITDA before exceptional items of INR3,967 
million for the full year, with EBITDA margins of 22%. Exceptional items comprised of 
Molycop-related acquisition costs of INR775 million and INR64 million towards the labour code 
impact. 
 
In FY '26, our gross margins remained healthy at around 60% of revenue from operations, 
reflecting strong operating discipline and a resilient product mix. Our equipment business 
recorded strong momentum, closing the full year with revenue of INR2,688 million, a 25% year-
on-year increase compared to the same period last year. 
 
We continue to make focused efforts to accelerate our growth trajectory in Q1 FY '27, supported 
by a healthy order pipeline and operational improvements. As of March 31, our order book 
stands at approximately INR12,060 million with INR9,060 million executable within the next 
12 months. 
 
This provides strong visibility and confidence in our growth trajectory. As per World Gold 
Council data for calendar year 2025, gold demand reached record levels, exceeding 5,000 tons, 
driven by strong investment demand and a sustained central bank purchases. At the same time, 
supply growth remains constrained at around 1% annually, reinforcing gold's structural scarcity 
and its role as a strategic asset. 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2026 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
As per ICSG data, global copper demand is growing at 3% annually, while supply growth 
remains relatively constrained at 2%, reflecting limited mine expansions. In the near term, 
production growth continues to be modest, highlighting persistent supply side challenges. From 
a longer-term perspective, UNCTAD projects copper demand to increase by over 40% by 2040, 
driven by electrification and the energy transition. Meeting this demand would require 
significant investments of north of USD20 billion -- USD250 billion and development of nearly 
80 new mines, underscoring a structural supply gap in the industry. 
 
This surge in outlook has prompted mining companies to ramp up exploration and production, 
especially in copper-rich regions such as Latin America, North America and Africa. As on 1st 
June 2026, we have successfully completed the acquisition of Molycop in partnership with 
Apollo Funds, a significant minority shareholder, marking a transformational milestone in 
Tega's growth journey. This combination creates a stronger, more diversified global mining 
solutions platform with enhanced scale, deeper customer relationships and expanded geographic 
reach. 
 
A key priority over the coming quarters will be the successful integration of Tega and Molycop 
across key functions with a focus on establishing streamlined processes, unified operating 
standards and robust governance mechanisms. The integration will span critical areas. Through 
this, we aim to build a more agile, scalable and globally aligned organization capable of 
delivering sustainable long-term value while maintaining a strong focus on disciplined execution 
and accelerated growth. I want to thank our employees for their unwavering commitment, to our 
customers for their trust and you, our investors, for your continued support. 
 
We are committed to delivering sustainable value and transparent communication. I would now 
like to hand over to Lance and Patrick to share their thoughts before Shyama takes you through 
the financial performance of the company. Thank you. Over to you, Pat. 
Patrick Koley: 
Thank you. This is Patrick Koley, Molycop's CFO. We are very confident that this combination 
will create a stronger growth platform, unlocking exciting opportunities for sustainable growth 
and long-term value creation for all stakeholders. We would like to express our sincere gratitude 
to all the stakeholders and investors for their continued trust and support as we begin this new 
exciting chapter for Tega Industries. I'd now like to hand it over to Lance Dawber. 
Lance Dawber: 
Thanks, Pat, and good evening to everyone. My name is Lance Dawber. I'm COO for Molycop. 
We are delighted with the successful completion of this transaction. It marks a transformational 
milestone for both Tega Industries and Molycop. This partnership brings together two 
complementary organizations with deep mining expertise, strong customer relationships and a 
shared commitment to innovation and operational excellence. I'll hand it back to the Tega team 
to finish the call. 
Mehul Mohanka: 
Shyama, if you could take over from here. 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
Yes. Thank you, Mehul. Good evening, everyone. Thank you once again for joining the earnings 
call for Q4 FY '26 and FY '26 performance and results. Our group income -- total income for 
the period ending March '26 stood at INR17,736 million vis-a-vis INR16,818 million in FY '25. 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2026 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Year-on-year basis, the total revenue have grown by 5%. Our adjusted EBITDA for FY '26 is 
INR3,967 million, excluding onetime exceptional items towards Molycop acquisition and 
Labour Code. 
 
Our EBITDA margin is at 22% in FY '26 against EBITDA margin of INR3,829 million in FY 
'25, which was 23% in FY '25. For the period ending March '26, Consumable business segment 
and the Equipment business segment contributed 84% and 16% of the group's revenue from 
operations, respectively. 
 
Equipment business has shown a robust growth of 25% at revenue from operation level. 
EBITDA margin has gone up from 12% to 13% and PBT margin from 4% to 8%. As mentioned 
at the start of the call, during the period under review, we have accounted for the onetime 
exceptional expenses related to proposed Molycop acquisition and with regard to professional 
fees, due diligence, legal consultancy as per the terms and agreed milestone. 
 
Additional charge in employee benefit expense as a onetime charge on account of new Labour 
codes, which accounts for in totality INR839 million. Our order book for both the business 
segments, that is Consumable business segment and Equipment, remains strong. We have an 
order book of INR12,060 million as at 31st March '26, out of which executable orders within 1 
year is INR9,060 million. Pending order as at 31st March '26 is higher by 18% over last year. 
The total group income for Q4 FY '26 stood at INR5,633 million with an adjusted EBITDA of 
INR1,632 million, which is 29%. 
 
Our group revenue for the similar period was INR5,428 million with an adjusted EBITDA of 
INR1,566 million, which was again 29%. During the current quarter under reporting, the 
Consumer business segment and the Equipment business segment contributed 84% and 16% at 
revenue from operation level. 
 
Revenue from operations of Consumable business segment reported INR4,406 million in Q4 
vis-a-vis INR4,568 million in similar period, which is down by INR162 million. On a full year 
basis, Consumer business segment revenue remained flat majorly because of the reasons, 
customer orders of both spares and conversion have been shifted towards end of Q3 and Q4. 
 
We have seen significant order booking during the February and March specifically, thereby our 
pending order has gone up by almost 18% year-on-year, which shall be materialized in the 
coming quarters in Q1 and Q2. The revenue from operations of Equipment business segment 
witnessed an increase of INR69 million, that is 9%, in Q4. We have maintained healthy gross 
margin of 60% at the group level vis-a-vis 58% last year same period in spite of the raw material 
volatility, global uncertainty and higher share of Equipment business segment. 
 
Thank you very much for your time. Now the forum is open for any questions you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question comes from the line of Deepak Poddar with Sapphire 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Am I audible, sir? 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2026 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
You are audible. You may proceed, sir. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So just first off, just wanted to understand this consolidation from when the consolidation will 
be happening? And what sort of debt addition we are expecting because of this consolidation? I 
mean, the fund that would be required at the parent level, yes? 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
So if you're talking about Molycop, yes, the date of acquisition is first of June. So we'll be 
consolidating from first of June onwards. The first consolidation will happen at the end of June, 
that is the first quarter result. We'll be consolidating -- and with respect to debt... 
Himanshu Raijada: 
Yes. This is Himanshu Raijada here. With respect to debt addition, we'll be adding close to $838 
million of debt in our financial as of first of June, which is what we had taken over as debt. And 
also, just to let all the investors know that the initial debt levels was close to more than $1,050 
million, which has been paid down by close to $220 million to bring down the debt at $838 
million of number. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes. And what is the additional debt that we will have to take from at the parent level? I think 
INR1,700 crores we already raised, but I think we require around INR3,500 crores, right, to fund 
this acquisition. I mean this is the debt that has come from Molycop. I was just asking from at 
the parent level, what sort of additional debt we could require? 
Himanshu Raijada: 
At parent level, we'll be adding a debt of INR1,500 crores in our book, which we have taken 
from Standard Chartered and other banks, including Axis and EXIM. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And that we would have already taken, right? 
Himanshu Raijada: 
Yes, that's already done, and that amount was used specifically for acquisition financing and 
transaction expenses, which we wanted to incur. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Correct. And this first quarter, only 1 month of consolidation will be there from Molycop? 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
That's correct. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes. Okay. And my second question is on your growth. I mean, at the parent level Tega, so what 
sort of growth we are looking at for this year and Molycop as well? And what's the Molycop 
revenue and margins in FY '26? 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
From a Tega’s perspective, the consumable business, we are expecting the normal CAGR of 
about 15% to be maintained going forward. And Sourav sir... 
Sourav Sen: 
And I think for our Equipment business, we also expect a similar growth like we did in FY '26, 
which is in the range of 25%. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. Yes, that's helpful. And what about Molycop? Molycop revenues -- revenue in FY '26? 
And what sort of growth outlook we have in Molycop? 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2026 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Himanshu Raijada: 
So in particular, we are -- this is just of late we have did the acquisition. We are reassessing the 
numbers currently. And most likely, this is high-level assumptions what we have, the growth 
outlook, what we are looking for FY '27 is 3% in FY '27 in particular. And of course, this will 
be refined further once we have a detailed engagement with the management team of Molycop. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood. And what's the absolute level in FY '26 of Molycop in revenue and EBITDA? Yes, 
that would be my last question, yes. 
Himanshu Raijada: 
So we are anticipating a growth of around 1% in FY '26 and anticipated EBITDA margin should 
be close to 12% because -- and just to give a caveat here that Molycop has a financial year ending 
at 30th June. And of course, once we consolidate this financial year ending also will change to 
March ending in alignment with Tega Industries. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And what was the absolute number? I just wanted to know the absolute number for Tega last 
year maybe -- for Molycop for last year, yes. 
Himanshu Raijada: 
Molycop last year was $1,539 million for previous year. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Chirag Muchhala with Centrum Broking. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Congratulations to the Tega team for the successful conclusion of Molycop acquisition. Sir, 
firstly, on Molycop, if you can provide a medium-term outlook for the days ahead. And since 
we also have Molycop's management with us, if you can also express your thoughts as to earlier 
under the AIP management and now under Tega management, what are the changes that you see 
in terms of synergies that is possible to be derived? So that is the first question. 
Himanshu Raijada: 
Yes. Chirag, Himanshu here. So in particular, we -- our very primary focus will be to bring down 
the debt in the next 3 years to a level wherein 3x of leverage. 3 to 4 years is what we are taking 
as the time to bring down the debt to 3x level. And of course, with this new acquisition, most of 
the revenue synergies will lie in Tega and the cost synergies will lie with Molycop. And that's 
how we are looking at this and as a third basket is what we are looking at of selling off noncore 
assets in particular. 
 
These are the 3 major synergy line items, which we are working closely with the Molycop team, 
and we have a detailed plan of 100-day, 200-day and line-wise. That's how we are working. Of 
course, it is very preliminary to give a number to each of the line items as of date. But yes, as 
soon as we have detailed out each of the synergy plans, we can come with a guidance on that. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Sure, sure. Secondly, on -- if you can provide an update on our Chile plant commissioning? 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
Chile plant commissioning and the construction is going as per our plan. So almost civil work 
has been completed, 50%, 60% of civil work has been completed, and we are expecting by early 
Q3, we'll be able to commission the plant. Of course, there will be certain regulatory approvals, 
which will be required to start the commercial production, but it is as per our plan. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. So for FY '27, we will have around 1 quarter of revenue booking from that plant? 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2026 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
We are still hopeful, but we need to get some regulatory approvals, which we need to work out. 
So there are almost quite a number of regulatory approvals are required post completion of the 
plant. So we are hopeful, but it may be -- we can start booking from end of Q4 or maybe next 
year. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. Next question is on the Molycop related acquisition cost, around INR775 million has been 
booked in H2 FY '26. So has entire acquisition cost been already booked this year or -- and more 
can come in Q1 also since the acquisition has just concluded. So just clarity on that also. 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
So some more costs will come. So there are quite a number of consultant professionals was 
engaged in this entire acquisition process. So as and when the works are getting completed, we 
are settling everything. So some more costs will come, and we shall keep you updated in the 
subsequent quarters. We have been doing this, and we shall keep you posted. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. But sir, the quantum will be as large as it was in Q4? 
Himanshu Raijada: 
So Chirag, just to answer your question, the quantum will be much higher because we have built 
in debt refinancing costs and our -- all the preference costs, which we have bought in for this 
acquisition financing. So all that costs have been paid in this year, which crystallizes because of 
the acquisition purposes, which could not be provisioned in earlier year. Hence, we anticipate a 
higher number in Q1, which will be the final payoff. We don't get it extended to the rest of the 
year. So of course, in case if you're looking for a number, it will be close to $30 million of 
acquisition costs, which we'll have to pay in Q1. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. And lastly on the consumable spends. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, Chirag, but your line is not very clear at the moment. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
Little better. Please go ahead, sir. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Yes, sure. So the last question is on consumable segment. So we have actually had a very flat 
revenues in this year. So just wanted to understand, has the industry growth been weak this year? 
Or have we lost some market share or some specific geographies which have not done well, if 
you can highlight, please? 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
Chirag, this is Pratik here. So the industry, there's actually, as we said in our opening statement, 
there's robust growth is there. Actually, there is a demand and supply kind of a gap that's coming 
forecasted for the future. In terms of order booking revenues, we have grown significantly. So -
- and hence, you can see the additional 17% growth in executable orders that's executable in the 
next 1 year. 
 
So the revenue is kind of a timing issue because most of the orders came in February and March. 
So they are in the process. And you can also see that in the increase in the FG goods that has 
come up in our financials. So there's been no -- there's -- right now, we do not see a challenge in 
the market or in our order booking and going forward. 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2026 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Varun Jain from Dolat Capital Markets Private 
Limited. 
Varun Jain: 
So, my first question was on the consumables business only. So in Feb '26 call, I think 
management had guided consumables for the year will end at 8%, but it has ended a little flattish. 
So any reason like in the past 3 months, like such a big divergence came. 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
So as I just mentioned, a lot of that of the orders have come in the last 2 months. And hence, our 
pending order book has grown significantly from last year to this year, so FY '25 to FY '26. And 
hence, you can also see that the orders are being executed from the increase in the FG that has 
gone into the financial year. 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
And to add this, Varun, because of the start of this work, there was quite a significant amount of 
disruption in the logistical area and which has led to the increase in our FG because material was 
produced, could not be dispatched because of the availability of the vessel connection and the 
containers which we have seen in the month of March. So that is one reason it has led to this 
flattish kind of revenue growth. But we are very hopeful that things will be normalized and our 
quarter 1, quarter 2 will be much better. 
Varun Jain: 
Sure, sir. So sir, my question was that like if I look at the consumables growth year-on-year, so 
in FY '24, it was 10% and FY '25, 11% and '26 flat. So even the past 3 years, management keeps 
guiding 15%, but consistently, Consumable segment has been weaker. So would you like to -- 
like a longer-term guidance, would you like to revise it down to maybe 10% or 12%? 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
No, I think it's just the cyclicality of the business that is there. So we remain firm on our guidance 
of 15% plus on a long-term basis. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay, sir. And sir, on the equipment business, I think this year was a tale of 2 halves. So H1 
grew 65.4% and then H2 was flattish. So why was that like such big variance? 
Sourav Sen: 
Yes. I think for us in the Equipment business, we have a kind of cycle time for delivery and 
execution. And although we kind of -- some of the -- we had a project which we kind of executed 
this year. So I think overall, if you see on the whole year, we maintained our same guidance 
compared -- the 25% growth compared to FY '25. 
 
And how we distribute the order execution, it also depends various factors like the readiness of 
site of customers and the timeliness of the project, where they pick up the equipment. So all are 
kind of over -- you have to see this over a period of 1 year at least, the revenue and delivery 
development. And I would say that, that's what exactly happened. And we stayed what we said 
in beginning of FY '26, and we continued that kind of -- fulfilled that kind of a guidance of 
growth. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay, sir. And sir, the next question was, I think in the previous response, management said that 
in Q1, they'll be taking a USD30 million loss in Q1. So then will FY '27 consol, there will be a 
loss because this will be like a big loss, right? 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2026 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Himanshu Raijada: 
No, it's not -- sorry, Varun, this is not a loss, which I mentioned. It was the transaction expense, 
which Chirag was asking what we'll be getting billed in Q1. That's what we answered, not a loss. 
Varun Jain: 
Yes. So that expense will -- like it will flow through the P&L only. So for FY '27, the entire 
P&L will become negative, right, because of this particular expense, right, on a reported basis, 
at least? 
Himanshu Raijada: 
Not exactly. I don't know why you're saying as a loss, but it is more -- we have to see it since we 
are acquiring Molycop, these are onetime of an exceptional expenditure. And of course, once 
the revenue starts consolidating and EBITDA margins and PAT, PBT starts getting consolidated, 
all these will be sort of negated in terms of the margins, and we'll see a surplus there. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay, sir. Okay. And just last one from me. So FY '27, what will be the total capex? And what 
will be the breakup of it? And how much will be in Chile? 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
So in FY '27, the Chile capex will be completed, which was around $25 million to $30 million, 
which we initially estimated. Other than this, we keep on investing on our capex on 
modernization of our plant and sustaining capex, which ranges around INR50 crores to INR60 
crores, which happens across the geographies. So this is what the plan as of now. So as things 
are coming up, we'll keep you updated. 
Varun Jain: 
And sir, for Molycop, how much will you spend in FY '27? 
Himanshu Raijada: 
So currently, what we have budgeted is for kind of maintenance capex of $20 million. And of 
course, the growth capex will be aligned with the expectation of management team, and we'll 
derive a number there. So currently, management -- the growth capex is yet to be factored, but 
maintenance capex is $20 million. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay, sir. So just so you're saying $30 million for that Chile, $6 million is maintenance for Tega 
and $20 million is maintenance for Molycop. So that would be close to $55 million capex. So 
how will this be funded? Because this is other than the money which will be needed for the deal 
and expenses, right? So how will this be funded? 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
So on the sustaining capex, which is INR50 crores to INR60 crores, which is funded through 
our internal accruals, and the Chile capex has been funded through internal accruals and 
borrowing, which has already been in place, and we have started using that as well. On the 
Molycop... 
Himanshu Raijada: 
On Molycop, it is generally, if we see the number of capex in terms of revenue, it's 2% or 3% of 
the total revenue. It's not a heavy debt or capex-intensive business. We can be -- this can be 
easily managed from the cash flows of Molycop, and we don't need to borrow any money for 
the capex. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Deepak with Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Deepak: 
Am I audible? 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2026 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
Yes. 
Deepak: 
I had a couple of questions. So first, if I look at our closing order book of 1 year and less, it has 
gone up meaningfully, which you have called out in the opening remarks as well, right, on a Y-
o-Y basis, but our execution has kind of lagged behind, which is reflected in our consumable 
revenue number. And you pointed out that Q1 and Q2, you are going to see a higher execution. 
So just wanted to know what will change in the operating environment for this execution to pick 
up in the first half of this fiscal year? And did we add any new set of customer in FY '26 for our 
Consumable business? 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
So with respect to the operation, there was -- other than the logistical challenge, there is no other 
issues. So other production and other operations are going absolutely fine. The only challenge 
that we faced is with respect to this Middle East disturbances because of which the vessel 
connectivity was not there and the container availability, which has led to the increase in finished 
goods by almost INR50 crores, which can result into INR100 crores of additional revenue. So 
this is what it is, but we are expecting -- we have started finding out alternate routes to deliver 
goods to the customers. 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
So Deepak, just to add on what SPG mentioned. Generally, how we have our business is on -- 
we get the order book. After that, it takes time around 3 to 6 months to execute those orders 
because we are a bespoke kind of a design-led driven organization. Each order has to be designed 
separately, manufactured separately and then dispatched. So there's a time lag between the order 
receipt and the revenue. So there is no operational challenge, so as to say. So we are -- since we 
have received the order late, so the execution will also take its normal time. 
Deepak: 
Yes sir, but that was -- the commentary was similar in the last 2 quarters also, right, that the 
order will come in, in the next quarter. But -- so that's why I wanted to understand means what 
is changing in the operating environment for us to be a little more confident that H1 of this fiscal 
year would be better than what we saw in H2 of last fiscal year? 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
Yes, because the order book has come in, and you see that in the executable pending order that 
has gone up by about 17%. And you would also see that, that we have already started 
manufacturing the finished goods has also gone up. So that means it gives you probably a 
surrogate for our confidence that your business operations are following the order book pattern 
that we have been mentioning earlier. 
Mehul Mohanka: 
I will also add further to what Pratik was saying, we also have finished goods flowing from 
quarter 4 to quarter 1. So as Mr. Ganguly had mentioned that there were some orders that could 
not get shipped due to lack of availability of containers, we would have finished goods sitting in 
quarter 1, which will also get shipped out. So that will add to the incremental revenue. 
Deepak: 
Yes. That's okay. But our inventory position hasn't changed much between 2 years, I mean to 
say, fiscal '25 and '26 at the parent level. But anyway... 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2026 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
Overall inventory, you may not be seeing that growth. Actually, raw material inventory has come 
down. Finished goods inventory has gone up. So we'll be having the detail annual financial, you 
can get that detail breakup that is not there in the result. 
Deepak: 
Okay. I had one question on Molycop since they follow July to June fiscal. So earlier, I heard 
that commentary that in this June '26 fiscal year for them, we did a 3% top line growth and 12% 
margin. Was that -- did I hear that properly? 
Himanshu Raijada: 
For '26, you are mentioning Deepak? 
Deepak: 
No. For them, it is July to June fiscal, right? 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
Yes, yes, July to June fiscal. 
Himanshu Raijada: 
For the period ended June '26, is that your question or for '27? 
Deepak: 
For their fiscal year, July to June '26. 
Himanshu Raijada: 
So is it year ending '26 is what you're asking or year ending '27? 
Deepak: 
Yes. Yes, year ending '26, yes. 
Himanshu Raijada: 
Yes. So Deepak, year ending '26 will be sort of 1% growth in terms of revenue and close to 12% 
of EBITDA margin is what we are looking at. But the point is that this will be consolidated for 
a month in FY '27 because this acquisition got closed in June -- first of June. So hence, our 
reporting cycle will be accordingly giving the numbers. 
Deepak: 
Okay. Got it. And one last question I had on equipment business. So just wanted to know, did 
we add any new product lines during, let's say, FY '26 in our Equipment business? And do we 
expect any ramp-up in FY '27 also because you have called out that we are anticipating a 25% 
growth in FY '27. So last year, we had a big order win from NMDC, which helped us to rake in 
that growth. So just wanted to understand that is it a new product or a new design or a new 
customer win, which will drive that 25% growth on a base of FY '26 for Equipment in FY '27 
also? 
Sourav Sen: 
This is Sourav. I have -- there are 2 parts to this question. So first of all, we are continually 
participating in different projects business like what we did last year in NMDC. And that's 
number one. So we believe that we will get some of them booked in this current financial. But 
having said that, our -- we are also going to have a new product launch in aggregate business. 
This is already -- we have a collaboration with Japanese company. 
 
So that is what this launch will happen in this financial year. But also, we are going to see that 
there are a lot of tailwinds  available in our existing business and segments as well and all being 
led by capex as well as the growth in power and mining and mineral beneficiation. 
 
And I think there are enough opportunity available, which will help us to get this growth, which 
we have already budgeted. And also to add to that, we are also looking at businesses across 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2026 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Indian border. And we have got some success as well in Canada. And also, we are participating 
in project in Russia and as well as we are trying to increase our footprints in Middle East, where 
we are already doing some kind of export business for beneficiation. So I think all put together, 
we feel that we'll be able to kind of reach what we have already targeted in FY '27. 
Deepak: 
Okay. And sir, that Japanese collaboration. 
Himanshu Raijada: 
Just to clarify, Russia, we mean CIS countries, just to clarify. 
Deepak: 
Okay. Okay. Noted. And sir, when you said that Japanese collaboration means do we expect that 
new product to be launched in, let's say, later part of this calendar year? Or is it like a very near-
term thing, which we'll be launching? 
Sourav Sen: 
This will be -- this product will be launched in Q3. That is what we kind of -- we expect. And 
then it will be a forward-looking revenue for us. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Ankur Periwal with Axis Capital. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Congratulations for completing the acquisition there. My first question is on the growth strategy 
considering the combined network of Tega as well as Molycop. What could be the low-hanging 
fruits here, the benefits of which we can be derived, let's say, in the near term, maybe over the 
next 12 months? And your guidance of 15-odd percent growth on the non-Molycop business, 
does it include these benefits? 
Himanshu Raijada: 
So just to answer your question one by one, the 15% growth, what we have projected, it's non-
Molycop synergies what we are building in. This -- as I mentioned in my call during the earlier 
question-and-answer session, that we'll be re-evaluating our entire synergy framework along 
with the management by detailing each and every step there. And accordingly, we can give a 
guidance on the synergies, which we'll be placing either on Molycop, either on -- also in Tega. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. That's clear. Second bit on the margin profile, and I'm again talking of the Tega 
consolidated numbers ex of Molycop. For the full year, we are seeing a gross margin expansion. 
But at EBITDA level because of the higher other overheads, I'm excluding the onetimes here as 
well, there was higher rise in other overheads, which led to a slight dip in EBITDA margin. Any 
specific reason for this sharper hike? And how should one look at this number going ahead on 
the margin front? 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
So if you talk about EBITDA margin, we have always given a guidance that our blended 
EBITDA margin will be around 21%, 22%. Yes, of course, this year, it is slightly lower because 
of the revenue has not been picked up in the consumables segment. So we are still holding this 
guidance of EBITDA margin at 21%, 22% at a blended level. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure, which will be for '27 ex of Molycop led synergy benefit. 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
Right. 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2026 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Ankur Periwal: 
Great. That's helpful. And last bit on the working capital. Historically, we have been pretty 
consistent in terms of our net working capital. But this year, there was a good reduction in FY 
'26. Is it onetime largely because of the payables increasing? Or how should we look at that 
number? 
Krishna Singh: 
So basically, you rightly pointed out, this is because of payable improvement. And you have 
seen the overall debtor number of days also reduced to some extent. So it is because of good 
collections which we have made in last year. That's why the total working capital cycle has been 
reduced. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sorry. So from a receivable point of view, there was a reduction, as you rightly mentioned. So 
should we consider these as a steady-state number going ahead or probably it can bounce back 
to a higher number earlier? 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
So on the receivable front, if you see, so receivable normally, we maintain 100 to 105 days of 
DSOs, and we shall be continuing to maintain that. Of course, the debtors volume can go up or 
down depending on the volume of sales because our Q4 revenue was slightly lower. So hence, 
the debtor cycle was slightly -- it has gone down. The absolute value has gone down. But on the 
DSO level, it has improved. Our own debtor collection has been very good. So we expect to 
maintain it at 100 to 105 days. 
Krishna Singh: 
Okay. So to answer your question, we will be maintain -- we are maintaining a very good debtor 
cycle in the last 2, 3 years. So we are hopeful that it is going to be maintained going forward as 
well. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is a follow-up from Varun Jain from Dolat Capital Markets Private Limited. 
Varun Jain: 
Just a couple of follow-ups. So sir, if we take the adjustment of INR776 million, this one-off 
expense and if we add it back to the consumables EBITDA, then the consumables EBITDA 
margin would be close to 27.7%. So is that the right way to look at it? 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
If you're doing it with Q4, yes, it is right because consistently year-on-year, our Q4 is higher 
than all the quarters. So obviously, the EBITDA margin at Q4 level ranges around 27%, 28%. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay. And sir, earlier, I think in Q3, Molycop's growth guidance for the next year was given at 
close to 7% or 8%, and now it's been revised to 3%. So is this a function of volume changing or 
we are changing our assumptions for the steel pricing because it's a function of that? 
Himanshu Raijada: 
Sorry, Varun, I think I need to check from where that guidance is coming from because in our 
earlier calls, we have never given such guidance of 7%, 8% of growth in Molycop. So maybe I 
think we need to cross check on where this reference is coming from. 
Varun Jain: 
It is from an ET Now interview of the CEO in December. 
Himanshu Raijada: 
Okay. So basically, I think I can just give you a reference where it was, I believe, 6 months back, 
which you are referring to. And we were anticipating that some mines which had gone into care 
and maintenance, particularly Cobre Panama and Grasberg. And this we were expecting at that 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
June 02, 2026 
Page 14 of 14 
 
point of time to come back in FY '27. Hence, that will give us some additional volume jump. 
But this we are seeing as per the market indicators, this will be deferred to FY '28. Hence, we 
don't see a particular jump in FY '27. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay, sir. And sir, for Molycop, can we expect the management to reveal the volume numbers 
because other grinding media players in the industry do that, so we can get a sense of the market 
share and growth? 
Himanshu Raijada: 
So generally, we don't give any market share guidance in our investor calls. We maintain that 
stand. I think that's how we'd like to answer this question. 
Varun Jain: 
No, no, not the market share, sir, the volumes for Molycop, how much was high chrome and 
how much was forged for the year? 
Himanshu Raijada: 
So this number is basically just since the month has ended and we are yet to get that number 
refreshed, we can answer it at a later point of time, but not really as of now. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay, sir. And just the last one, sir, for the Equipment segment for FY '27, will a 14% be the 
right margin to look at? 
Sourav Sen: 
No I think in our guidance, we are talking about 12% to 13% of EBITDA -- and which is 
basically we will maintain the similar kind of profitability what we did in FY '26. And the growth 
also we -- what we mentioned that will continue to remain in that range. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, gentlemen. 
Shyama Prasad Ganguly: 
So thank you very much for everybody for joining this call. So we thank you once again for 
taking out your time and coming to our investor call. We'll keep you posted on any subsequent 
development. Happy to interact and take any subsequent questions you have. You can reach out 
to our investor department. We'll be happy to address the same. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dolat Capital Markets Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
