 
 
May 14, 2026 
  To, 
BSE Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, Exchange Plaza,  
5th Floor, Plot No C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code : 520113 
Scrip Code : VESUVIUS 
 
Dear Sirs/Madam,  
 
 
 
Subject:  
Transcript of the Institutional Investors and Analyst Meet of the Company held 
on May 7, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, and further to our earlier communication dated May 
7, 2026, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the “Institutional Investors and Analyst 
Meet” hosted by Vesuvius India Limited (the “Company) with group of Institutional Investors and 
Analysts on Thursday, May 7, 2026, in Kolkata. We state that no presentation was made during the 
Meet. 
 
In accordance with Regulation 46 of the SEBI LODR, the aforesaid Transcript is being disseminated 
on the website of the Company i.e., www.vesuviusindia.in which can be accessed through below 
mentioned path: 
 
www.vesuviusindia.in  → Investors → Shareholder Information → Information Related to Analysts 
or Institutional Investors Meet 
 
We request you to take the above on record and disseminate the same on your website 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Vesuvius India Limited 
 
 
Saheb Ali 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(Membership No.: A33361) 
SAHEB ALI
Digitally signed by 
SAHEB ALI 
Date: 2026.05.14 
17:13:18 +05'30'

Page 1 of 35 
 
 
 
Vesuvius India Limited (the “Company”) 
Institutional Investor and Analyst Meet 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Board Members, Group Representative and Management: 
 
Mr. Biswadip Gupta   
Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company 
Mr. Mohinder Rajput   
Managing Director of the Company 
Mr. Patrick Andre   
Non-Executive Director of the Company and CEO of Vesuvius plc. 
Mr. Pascal Genest   
Non-Executive Director of the Company and President (Flow Control) 
of Vesuvius plc. 
Mr. Henry Knowles   
Non-Executive Director of the Company and General Counsel & 
Company Secretary of Vesuvius plc. 
Mr. Mark Collis  
Group Chief Financial Officer of Vesuvius plc. 
Mr. Neeraj Jumarni   
Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
Mr. Kartikaye Krishna   Legal Director of the Company 
 
 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 35 
Biswadip Gupta:  
Those who are outside may come in please, its two minutes past five by my 
watch and we should be starting. Good Evening and it will be great pleasure 
to welcome you after what one year we meet last one year back Anirban? 
one and half years in Vizag. I must be legally correct so Kartikaye. 
Kartikaye Krishna:  Thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, a brief compliance note. 
This interaction is of course covered by SEBI regulation and our Code on 
Prevention of Insider Trading. We will not be discussing any UPSI, so 
please keep the questions within those boundaries. I request all to keep your 
questions brief and please do not repeat the questions already asked. With 
that, it is my pleasure to hand over back to our Chairman, Mr. Gupta. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
So, just to introduce, I do not know if everybody knows Pascal. Pascal has 
been with us for five years. And he is one of our directors, looks after what 
we call the flow control business. He is the worldwide president of flow 
control, sits in UK. Neeraj, Neeraj has joined us recently. You will hear a 
lot from him and about him, from him in the next, hopefully many years to 
come. Mohinder, of course, needs no introduction. Mohinder Rajput, 
Managing Director of the Company. All that is good is mine, all that is not 
good is Mohinder.  
Mohinder Rajput:  I misheard.   
Biswadip Gupta :  
You misheard. Patrick Andre is the CEO of the Vesuvius Group, the big 
boss of the Company. Henry Knowles, General Counsel. I think he must 
have told Kartikaye to say this. Did you say this? The advisory. Henry has 
been a very good friend of ours, very helpful with a lot of things. He is in 
the Board of Vesuvius India and Mark Collis is the Group CFO and he is 
also in the Board of Vesuvius plc. So, all your questions can be directed to 
him about finance, he will answer. And Kartikaye, yesterday I heard that he 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 35 
is known as KK. So, Kartikaye looks after the, he is the Legal Director for 
Vesuvius India. And so, we leave this, you want an introduction or that is 
it? You introduce yourself and start your questions. 
Lakshminarayanan: This is Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. I have two questions. 
One is that what is the value proposition for us for nonintegrated steel mills? 
Because I think when we met in November 2024, you talked about two 
areas. One is to explore the possibility of getting the right economic in terms 
of margins and products for that segment, which is non-integrated steel 
mills or mini mills, as you call. And second is, some of the other non-steel 
industries. And I think there is another thing of not only the blast furnace 
route, but the other route electric, is there a possibility of any of our products 
being there, right? So, I think these are three new markets. You said you 
were looking at exploring the opportunities when we met in November 
2024. So how we have travelled there? The second question is in terms of 
the new product launches in terms of the innovation the last three years the 
products that are the new SKUs, which you have brought into India, what 
percentage of that revenue is? That is another metric you said you are 
tracking as an organization level, where we are in that metric as we speak 
now? These are my two questions. Thank you. 
Mohinder Rajput:  I maybe go bottom up. I answer your last question first. Your last question 
was around innovation. We derive a significant percentage of our revenue 
from new products. In fact, that is a very important KPI that is in my 
personal target or new products which give you the same performance, but 
at lower cost. So, in all our areas of business, this is a very important KPI 
that we drive. And this is where the Vesuvius pedigree helps a lot, because 
we are part of a parent organization that invests, I believe, around 35, 36 
million pounds every year in R&D. So, we enjoy access to that technology, 
and we bring that to India.  

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 35 
Biswadip Gupta: 
Give one or two examples 
Mohinder Rajput:  I am not sure if it would mean a lot, but for example, in iron making, the 
refractory that is used to line the gully through which molten iron flows. In 
blast furnace, this year, we are coming up with three new recipes, three 
different products that will lead to lower erosion. So, the blast furnace can 
run longer before the trough needs to be taken down for repair. That is one 
example.  
Biswadip Gupta:   
This is monolithic?  
Mohinder Rajput: 
This is an example in the monolithic. And similarly, there are examples also 
on what the market calls black refractory which is the isostatically pressed 
refractory. There also a lot of innovation, both on the cost side and on the 
performance side. And also, we are on the cutting edge. Vesuvius group is 
on the cutting edge of robotic technology as well. So, as you know, all our 
refractories go into areas which are very prone to hazards because of the 
molten steel around. So, Vesuvius robots are considered probably the best, 
not one of the best, the best in the world. So even that innovation we are 
bringing, we have already brought to India and it is public information. Tata 
Steel, Kalinga Nagar, we have our robot running there. So that is on 
innovation. 
 
There was another question about non-steel business. So, we consider that 
as a major growth area for us. And to give you an example, we recently 
created a dedicated sales team for aluminium, because we see that as a major 
growth area. And the customer is thinking is also very aligned with 
Vesuvius thinking. You know Vesuvius, we believe in pushing the 
boundary on performance. And aluminium is one sector where the customer 
wants very high-performance products. So, we are again, leveraging access 
to global technology from the Vesuvius parent and bringing that technology 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 35 
to India. But I would say we are not very well advanced into that journey. 
We are midway, maybe not even midway, slightly less than midway in that 
journey. On the non-integrated steel plants, I think you mentioned mini- 
mills or induction furnaces. Now mini-mills, there are two types of non-
integrated steel plants. One is the mini-mills, the second one is the induction 
furnace players. On the mini-mills, that is already a major business for us. 
We are already present there. And these players have mini blast furnaces, 
so our blast furnace products go there.  
Biswadip Gupta:   
We have arc furnaces there? Its arc furnaces vs blast furnace 
Mohinder Rajput:  Yes, I think I skipped that question. I started talking about the first question. 
I will come to the electric arc furnace versus blast furnace. But on the mini-
mill side, most of our products are applicable in the mini-mills segment also. 
And it is very good because one of the ways mini-mills compete in this 
market is by focusing on high value-added steel. And the nature of high 
value-added steel is what we call alloy steel. They are very quality 
conscious. They do not want inclusions in the steel. And that is where 
Vesuvius comes. So, we have a dedicated sales team to take care of mini-
mills. 
 
On the induction furnace side, that is a wide space for us. We are trying to 
enter that field. And what we are realizing is there are these large, 
integrated, large induction furnace-based players. There are three in West 
Bengal million ton or above. And we have products, for example, the lining 
of their induction furnace, we are focusing on that. They need black 
refractory because they have to ultimately cast that steel. We are there. So 
that is also a focus area for us. The blast furnace and electric arc furnace 
question I did not get. If you could repeat that question? 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 35 
Biswadip Gupta:  
What you are saying is apart from refractories change did not happen  in 
two steel groups? 
Mohinder Rajput: 
One of the things that will irrespective of the route, blast furnace or electric 
arc furnace, the steel still needs to be cast. In both the routes, the caster will 
still be the heart. And we are very well positioned in that segment. So, you 
will still need a tundish and what we call flux to cast the steel. So 
irrespective of whether it is an electric arc furnace or blast furnace, we are 
there. In blast furnace, we supply refractory for the trough. In electric arc 
furnace again, we have a very wide portfolio of products that goes into 
electric arc furnace. So, we are very well positioned to take advantage of 
that shift towards electric arc furnace. Having said that, if you look at what 
is happening in the Indian steel industry, unlike Europe, most of the growth 
that is going to come in the next 5 to 10 years is not in EAF, it is in blast 
furnace, ultra mega blast furnaces. So, we are well positioned in both the 
areas. Sorry, I think I took a lot of time, but I think I answered all the four 
questions. 
Parin Mehta: 
Thank you for taking our questions. This is Parin Mehta from Kedaara 
Public Market Fund. I have two sets of questions. One is we have always 
known Vesuvius for its technology, R&D, innovation and clear focus on 
flow control which are high margin refractories. But at least what we hear 
is in the last two or three quarters or last 12 months, competition is catching 
up and at least we are hearing that RHI has started entering some of the 
customers where Vesuvius has been present. If you can give us some 
context on what is the competitive intensity, is there pricing challenge that 
is going to happen on the flow control side. So, some sense on that. That is 
one part of the question. And second part of the question is around, we have 
made investments in new capacities for products like mould flux, etc. So, if 
you can give us some sense on, when do we see the capacities ramping up 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 35 
of mould flux, of these new products? When do we expect them to start 
contributing towards revenue growth, etc.? So, some sense on so two parts 
of the question. One is about competitive intensity, some sense on pricing 
due to competition and the second is new products. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
So, just as a context on history, the conversion from traditional way of 
making steel, casting steel, that is the pit casting to continuous casting 
happened in India around late 70s, started from there, a whole of 80s it went 
into that. So, continuous casting went into that sort of, progress happened 
from there. In the initial days, India had very little steel that was being made 
and also the casters were very few and were very small casters, mainly 
companies which have closed down like Bihar Alloy or Usha Martin, small, 
small casters who were over there. Did we had competition there? Yes, we 
had, but it was all imported. Companies like DIDIER in Germany, there was 
one competition from India. But today, what has happened is for the flow, 
you mentioned flow control refractories. While we started our journey, say 
1994-95, manufacturing in India, we started supplying much earlier from 
imported sources. The actual Indian competition started happening late 
2000s, after 2020, after 2023 with the acquisition of Magnesita with RHI, 
that sort of shift happened from there. Then there was Krosaki coming in 
with Tata's and then IFGL working with some other companies. So what 
had happened was a lot of international players wanted to piggyback on 
Indian companies because they found India to be potentially a big market. 
So today we have good competition, a lot of international competition, big 
competitions which are there. But as I always say, we were the first movers. 
And selling of this sort of refractories, the refractories that you mentioned, 
flow control, needs a lot of care, service, and attention in the steel plants on 
a 24/7 basis. So there is a service element associated with just 
manufacturing and supplies. This has not been replicated by any competitor 
so far. So while we are seeing a lot of big, good players making products, 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 35 
the solutions to the problems of a steel plant are still coming from Vesuvius 
and that is why even after 35 years of starting in India, we still command a 
55% market share and the three others take the rest. So I think we are still 
significant in terms of competition. So this is the first part of it. 
 
The second part of it was on mould flux.  
Parin Mehta: 
Pricing sir?  
Biswadip Gupta: 
Pricing is determined totally by customers nowadays. Customers today are 
all consolidated. We look at all the big players. They have five, six players. 
steel plants within themselves. Take JSW. One man negotiates for at least 
four or five steel plants from the same group. Tata, they have one buying 
cell in Kolkata, and they buy for everybody. So the leverage is so much with 
them. The competition, the price, everything is determined by the market. 
There is very little scope. But what we do is the service element and the 
consistency of quality and the deliveries. What is going around the 
refractories is what gives us a premium. And in every steel plant we supply, 
we have a premium for these products that we mentioned. There are chalu 
products also, where you do not get a premium. But it is a choice that you 
have to make, whether you want to supply them or not. But we stick to the 
better way. That is why Vesuvius has made its mark, and Vesuvius stays 
there. 
 
So as far as the mould flux is concerned, it was there always. In worldwide, 
there were two companies which were the biggest companies the 
Metalurgica and Stollberg. And we have bought one of them and have 
transferred the technology to Vizag from one of them. So the use of mould 
flux was already there. So all that we have done is we have shifted from an 
imported source to an Indian source in Vizag. And I exactly cannot tell you 
the numbers, but I am told that they are fully booked now, completely 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 35 
booked. They are doing well. The plant has stabilized in Vizag and they are 
doing well. 
 
Is there scope for expansion? Yes, there are scope for expansions. But at the 
moment, the mould flux is a good item which we put it in, we club it with 
flow control because it is used inside that area where liquid steel transforms 
into solid steel. 
Patrick Andre: 
Maybe to complement what Biswadip said, on the first point, clearly, we, 
our conviction, and it is part of the conviction, because we are competing 
with the same companies, not only in India, but all over the world, is that 
we maintain a very solid, if not increasing, technological edge over 
competitors. This is a very important point. We do not see at all this 
technological gap closing between us and our competitors, for a simple 
reason, is that we are continuing to invest twice as much in research and 
development every year that our nearest competitors, and this, because our 
research and development is rather productive, is producing results, or it 
does not mean that our this or that specific element you cannot have at some 
point a competitor having a good product. But if you take on average the 
range of flow control products that we are proposing, we not only maintain, 
but I believe that we are slowly but surely increasing our technological edge 
over competitors. Now, you have another phenomenon which can happen 
in such or such region. Could happen in India, where at some point, some 
competitors have a lot of free capacity. They can make some, what I would 
call, desperate actions to gain market share by making big rebates to 
customers. And sometimes customers can be tempted to say, I am being 
proposed minus 40%. It does not happen every day. These are the Christmas 
sales. I will take something. I think it is very important for us, we never play 
that game, because we have seen that in the past 30 years, we have seen that 
200 times. So generally when it happens, customers try, we realize after a 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 35 
few months that by the end of the day, they buy a cheaper product, but their 
P&L not only does not improve but may even deteriorate. Because the 
specific of our products, as Biswadip very rightly mentioned, is that it's not 
only a good performing product, but it is a product with a service and with 
reliability. Our products, they do not perform well 98% of the time, they 
perform well 99.9999% of the time. And this is where the financial 
difference for the customer lies. Because where the customer loses money 
is when they have an incident. What creates value for our customers when 
they use our value-added product as compared with some of our 
competitors' products is that they have less incidents. So the failure rate of 
our products is much, much less than the failure rate of our competitors' 
products. And this is making a huge difference in the P&L of our customers. 
And at some point, the truth always comes true. And that is the reason why, 
as Biswadip was reminding, is that at the end of the day, we continue to sell 
at a higher price than our competitors, and our market share remains above 
the 50%-55%, and this does not change. And we do not see that changing 
in the foreseeable future, because our business model remains always the 
same. We do not compete on price. We do not compete on price with our 
competitors. We compete on technology. And even in the period where our 
competitors have, I would say, a burst of excitement by trying to propose 
very low prices, we stay cool and we do not play that game. And we play 
the long-term game with our competitors. This has always been a successful 
strategy with Vesuvius worldwide, in India also, but not only in India, it is 
the same worldwide, and we are continuing to do that, we will continue to 
do that going forward. 
Amber Singhania: 
This is Amber Singhania from Nippon Mutual Fund. Just a couple of 
questions from my side is first, as you rightly mentioned that more than the 
product, it is important to engage into the services to make the customers 
more sticky. We have been offering these total refractory management 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 35 
solutions to the customers since quite some time now. What are your 
thoughts on that? Where are we in that journey? How much of our revenue 
comes from TRM now? What are our thought process let us say three years 
down the line? To what size of our total revenue we think can come from 
services or solutions per se, which is more sticky? That is first. Secondly, 
we are already around 50%, 55% market share on our core products as such 
within the steel. I understand we are expanding towards alumina and other 
segments for better growth, but within steel is there further gaps in the 
product which probably earlier we were not focusing so much, now we can 
expand like last we added mould flux is there any couple of more products 
which can add additional growth for us over a period of time, that is second. 
And lastly on a shorter term, as you rightly mentioned that the pricing is 
more with the customers, not with the company or with the industry as a 
whole. And we are seeing a lot of cost pressure coming in because of the 
geopolitical tensions, a lot of raw material comes from via sea route, there 
are cost pressures. How do we see mitigating that cost pressures and when 
there is limited scope of passing on the prices to the customers. Thank you. 
Mohinder Rajput: 
Your first question was about percentage of revenue coming from service. 
I do not think we publish that exact percentage, but I can give you an idea. 
Bulk of our revenue comes from these bundled contracts where we provide 
the service as well as the product. And I think that is not unique just to 
Vesuvius. I think Vesuvius, I believe you started this in 2002 or 2003, this 
refractory as a service concept. And I think the Indian market itself has 
moved into that area. That is the answer to your first question. Your second 
question was on the steel side itself, what gaps do we see? Yes, we saw 
some gaps two to three years ago. For example, in the furnace lining, there 
are these refractory bricks that are used. Our competitors in India were 
playing in that area. We decided to play in that area and there again we took 
advantage of being a part of the Vesuvius group and we have one of the 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 35 
most efficient brick plants in China. And we have entered that segment. We 
are today very happy to say, we are an established player in basic oxygen 
furnace lining, electric arc furnace lining. So that was one, that was a big 
gap that we have filled in the last, I would say not even two years, I would 
say in the last one year. We have a very healthy order book on that side. 
And of course, there are other gaps also. We see, for example, these super 
large ladles, 300 tons and above. All these new steel plants which are 
coming up, they have very, very large ladles. And to control the flow of 
steel through these very large ladles, you need very high-performance slide 
gate mechanisms and slide gate plates. And there again, we are bringing that 
know-how and that technology from the Vesuvius Group to India. And we 
ran trials in the last couple of months. Those trials were successful and we 
will enter that area. 
 
Your third question was around cost pressure. Yes, it is a factor. Raw 
materials January 2025 was a crazy period. Aluminas went through the roof. 
Again, we are in the middle of a crazy period where because of the war, raw 
material prices are going up. We have a dedicated team which works very 
professionally on identifying where are the risks. For example, where are 
we exposed to a single source which could use its leverage to extract a better 
price from us. And we go very systematically identifying who are the 
alternate suppliers for that particular product. Now, it is easier said than 
done. It is not easy for me to say, okay, I buy from Mr. X today. Tomorrow, 
I buy from Mr. Y because his product is 5%, 10% cheaper. It is not that 
easy. We follow a very systematic trial-based process because, as you know, 
our products are, we deal with lives, people's lives. So it takes us somewhere 
depending on the complexity, it could range from three months to nine 
months for us to trial a new source of raw material and substitute. So once 
we do that, we get significant leverage on the pricing. And again, on the 
cost side, it is great to be a part of the big Vesuvius family because that 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 35 
gives us buying power. The major raw materials are bought at a group level 
by the group purchase team, who is, by the way, side information, also an 
Indian gentleman who runs the global procurement group. So he and his 
team have very deep understanding of the raw material market. And they 
leverage the group's buying power to get us raw material at a price lower 
than what some of our Indian refractory competitors can buy it. So I hope I 
answered your three questions. 
Amber Singhania: 
One more question, if I may. More on the technological side, definitely 
Vesuvius has always been on the forefront when it comes to technology. If 
you can give some colour, what are the latest innovations which we might 
have done, maybe on the robotic side or any other, which bring in a lot of 
benefits, if you can just give some example of quantification like earlier 
when we have seen the previous cycle, there was a quantity has got 
significantly reduced of refractive consumption versus the earlier. Now, 
with robotics if you can bring in what kind of saving one can give to the 
customers, maybe in terms of wear cost or anything. Some examples on the 
technological advancement side or the robotics is the one or there are some 
more if you can give some colour about the future prospects on that? 
Pascal Genest: 
Sure, with pleasure. As Mohinder said at the beginning about new product 
sales, which are representing typically 20% to 25% of the sales which are 
products developed in the last five years, and this percentage is not only in 
India, it is worldwide. I can give you a few examples. So on the plate, for 
example, which is the way we regulate the flow of steel from the ladle to 
the tundish, We have been developing aggressively over the last five years 
a new technology which the concept was known but that was not well 
implemented of having a layer of high quality refractories only on top of 
the plate which enables to have a longer life and a cheaper plate because 
you put a refractory with a lot of value added in minimum quantity and the 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 35 
rest is cheaper. So we can sell this product at a premium and it is cheaper. 
So, for the benefit of the customer, the lifetime is extended, and for us, of 
course, we sell it normally with a premium, depending on the market 
conditions, and we save some money. At the same time as we do that, what 
we do at the same time is that we press these plates in mould. In the past, it 
was a mould, it was plain, and then we had to drill what we call a bore or a 
hole in the plate, depending on the size at which you want the steel to flow 
in it. Now we are pressing in a mould where the bore is already there, so we 
save in terms of scrap, so we reduce, we improve our yield. So that example 
of technology which has been aggressively developed and represents now a 
majority of our slag and slag sales worldwide. 
 
If we go to the isostatic products, I look at it with three segments. These are 
the products where what is important first is not to have inclusions, the 
quality of steel, typically that is historically for the automotive grades, for 
example. There is a segment where, and that could cover, if you say 
globally, the flat steel plus a big part of engineering long steel, the way we 
call it. There is a segment which was, and that is why these reviews have 
been strong since ever, for like 60 years, since continuous casting has been 
introduced on the market. There is a segment which is more recent, and 
where we were not present, and we are actively present, which is more 
construction steel, which is considered as a commodity, but now you do 
these very long sequences, that is the technology of continuous casting. So 
you do not have, after the casting, you do not have a heater, for the semis, 
you go directly to the rolling mill and the finished product. They are very 
compact mills. Daniele, with the technology for rebar, is a leader, for 
example. And for this technology, you do not need refractories to improve 
the quality, but in the refractories, we last very, very long. Therefore, they 
are very technical. So for us, it is a new market where we are the leader. We 
have almost all the mills that Danieli plants worldwide, which is a new 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 35 
segment. They are developing a segment, which is not going to be releasing 
the rest of it, because it is cost for rebar construction. 
 
And then there is a third segment, which is more of a commodity, classical, 
long product, where you will see some more competitors. That' is where 
sometimes maybe you hear from somebody, an H1 customer, typically in 
this segment, we go in and out because it is more price-driven, and 
depending on capacity, we are less aggressive. So innovation on the LiDAR 
is an example of new product, an innovation on the classical segment. We 
have developed new, what we call the mix, new recipes for the ladle shroud, 
which we call DuraFlex, a new recipe from the tundish to the mould, which 
is called a sub-entry nozzle, and usually it is called a DuraSleeve, where we 
put Zirconia and different mixes, a special part of our tubes, to extend the 
life. So today we are able to beat competitors in terms of lifetime, when 
competitors want a longer life. And that is critical in some segments. You 
were discussing earlier about EAF versus traditional blast furnaces. So one 
thing we see worldwide is that there are more and more high quality you 
can do with EAF. EAF initially was done for rebars and progressively 
improves the quality. Now they go to automotive quality, especially in the 
US, and Nucor has been the leader in developing high quality with EAF. 
And so our share with Nucor, which was very low in the past, is increasing, 
because the more they go to high quality, the more they need also quality 
refractories. And see with new casters, they really go through throughput, 
quantity of steel per minute, which was never seen before. So they are very 
demanding, and that is also new segments which are developing. And these 
technologies are coming to India also. So I think we are going to 
differentiate ourselves through these angles. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
I think Pascal, what he is trying to say is Vesuvius is quality and innovation. 
That is the fundamental. There must be many examples that he has or Nitin 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 35 
who is not there for the advanced refractories president, they must be 
working on. So just to reassure everybody that we continue to work only on 
these pillars of technology and innovation. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
My name is Sahil Sanghvi. I am a research analyst from Monarch Network 
Capital. My first question is I have been looking at this refractory industry 
since more than 5 -6 years and I think in the last 2-3 years, the Indian 
refractory industry has seen maybe upwards of 1700 Crores, 1800 Crores of 
capex if I had to add up the unlisted players also and I have not added the 
inorganics, which have happened. A lot of products have now been added 
by all players and there is a lot of collision happening between the products 
that have been sold. I think this was not the state five, seven years back. We 
have had capacities being added by Calderys, heavy capacities, Odisha 
plant, something which has come by Shinagawa, Refratechnik, I think TYK 
is going to come up with something going ahead. So, my question is that 
and to give you one more example, Magnesia Carbon which was maybe 5-
7 years back a heavy imported product, I think we have more than 4-5 
players now doing it here and lot of capacities which have come in. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
So, do you believe that there is an overcapacity in the Indian refractory 
industry? I understand that India is the only growing steel market here, but 
is that the case that India is an overcapacity in refractory? And that will 
somewhere pull down the prices and the margins also for all the players. 
That is question number one. Second is, with all the new capex that we have 
done, upwards of 300-400 Crores, what kind of asset turnover can we expect 
on that? Would it be, safe to say, 3 to 4x? Just to understand, what room do 
we have from this 2000 Crores? So that is question number two. Question 
number three is, while you said that the pricing power is now with the 
customers more than anything else. Are we in a state of negotiation with the 
customers, because they have received good 15%, 20% price hikes. I am 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 35 
talking more on steel, but the non-ferrous also has received. So where are 
we on the front of those negotiations? Can we expect something to happen 
in the next three to six months? Has something coming in the last three to 
six months? That is it. Thank you. 
Patrik Andre: 
May be I can start then you may complement it Mohinder. There is a lot of 
talk about overcapacity in India. I must admit, I am not sure I understand 
why there is so much talk. You have a market which has doubled in size 
over the past 10 years and which will again probably more than double in 
size over the next 10 years. Nobody should be surprised that suppliers invest 
in new capacity. It is perfectly normal. If I may, it is good news. It is not 
bad news. It is good news. Because the only reason why people invest in 
new capacity is because the market is growing. India is an incredibly 
favourable market for refractories. And if several companies or sellers 
would not invest in new capacity, there would not be enough refractories to 
supply and to support the growth of the steel industry and other industries, 
cement, whatever, in India. So yes, you have new capacity in India. Not a 
big surprise and not a big topic in some respect. Even if I fully respect what 
is being talked about, but it is perfectly normal. The opposite would be 
abnormal. It would mean that India would need to import all the refractory 
it needs to support the steel industry. So it is not happening. We are 
investing. Calderys is investing. Shinagawa is investing. Krosaki is 
investing. TYK will invest. IFGL has invested. It is normal. The 
competition, I do not think we should see the competition as a matter of is 
there excess capacity or not. I may surprise you, but I do not believe that 
the presence or not presence of excess capacity is the main driver of 
competition. The main driver of competition is, are others able to do what 
you are doing? Are you positioning yourself in the commoditized part of 
the market, or are you positioning yourself in the non-commoditized part of 
the market where technology can make the difference? And the Vesuvius 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 35 
strategy has always been that. We do not invest capacity across the board. 
There are some sectors of the refractory market where you will not see us 
increase capacity. We do not have a strategy or an ambition to be a kind of 
a generalist one-stop-shop type of refractory producers where you can buy 
whatever refractory you want from the most sophisticated one to the most 
commoditized one. We try as much as we can to stay as far away, as far 
away from the commoditized part of the market. Vesuvius is not a generalist 
refractory producer and will never be a generalist refractory producer. 
Because the money in the refractory sector, and you can see the profitability 
of Vesuvius India, which is not exactly the same level of profitability as 
other players in India, it has nothing to do with the existence or not of 
another capacity. It has all to do with the technological differentiation of 
Vesuvius India, which is far above anything else that our competitors can 
offer on the market. We are very good competitors, but they have, for the 
vast majority of them, a generalist strategy. We do not have a generalist 
strategy, and we will never have a generalist strategy. We will focus, we 
will grow, we will invest in those parts of the refractory market where 
technology can make a difference, because pricing is in technology. You 
can price when you can do something that competitors are not able to do, at 
least not as good as you are. Pricing will never be there in commoditized 
markets, whether or not there is an overcapacity. So it is very important. It 
is a nuance, but a very important nuance. So we are not too worried for us 
that others invest or do not invest. It is a non-event for Vesuvius. Because 
for us, what we are really watching is what are the technological progress 
of our competitors. Because what we want absolutely to maintain, and to 
get back to a question which was asked earlier during the meeting,  what I 
strongly believe we are maintaining is a technological edge. This is where 
profitability is. 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 35 
Mohinder Rajput: 
So there were two other questions you had asked. One was headroom. We 
do not publish asset utilization percentages, but I can assure you, give you 
comfort, we have a lot of headroom to grow. I think we said we invested 
ahead of time. We have been very futuristic. Contrary to some of our friends 
who are doing it now, we saw this coming fag out of the COVID years, 
2021, 2022. So we were one of the first people to see that opportunity and 
invest ahead of time. And we have enough headroom to now ride this 
growth wave that is coming. Your second question was around price 
increase. Without a lot of detail, I can just say work is in progress. 
Patrick Andre: 
And to complement, on capacity, not only we have capacity, but we have, 
and this is also a specific feature I believe of Vesuvius as compared with 
most of our competitors is that in our two flagship plants, Kolkata and 
Vizag, both those plants not only have existing capacity, but have room for 
brownfield expansion for the years to come. So we not only have capacity 
now as we speak, but we have the capabilities to add new capacity at very 
marginal and very low incremental capex cost. This is a unique, I believe, 
unique capability of Vesuvius. And this is true for Vizag, as you know, 
because we have nearly two-thirds of the land which we have acquired 
which remains available for expansion, but this is also true, I had a question 
from one of you during the small break before the meeting, also in Kolkata. 
We have the capability to expand even further on top of what we have 
already done a few years ago, to expand even further, very significantly, our 
VISO capacity in Kolkata for a very marginal capital investment as soon as 
it will be needed. We are already starting to discuss engineering, but we are 
100% certain that it is possible. We are fine-tuning the best way to do it, but 
we know that we can expand the Kolkata plants significantly above what 
we are, the current capacity. So we are very, very well positioned for at least 
10 years to come. 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 35 
Biswadip Gupta:  
I was told to hard stop at 6 so what time, I am ok, we all are ok. Its upto 
you, you all have a flight to catch.  
Unnamed Analyst: Just have a couple of questions for you. So firstly, since there is a lot of steel 
capex that is coming online in the next couple of years, I am just trying to 
understand if you could call out the opportunity size for specific capex 
refractories that go out when the plant starts. That is one thing. Secondly, 
sir, this is another question for Patrick and Mark. The India subsidiaries are, 
I think, now 90% of your global market cap and 15% of your global 
EBITDA. I am curious if that is one of the reasons that is driving the 
incremental investments in India and whether you think of it as an export 
base going forward as well. I think that is my two questions. Thank you. 
Patrick Andre: 
I will start by answering the second question and I will hand over to you, 
Mohinder for the first one. I noticed it has not escaped me, but our analysis 
is very clear. It is absolutely not because Vesuvius India is overvalued. It is 
because Vesuvius plc. is undervalued. So we have absolutely no doubt about 
it. When we look at where to invest in the world, we do not really look at 
the market cap, as you can imagine. We look at the market. We look at the 
fundamentals of the end market. And the reason why we have been 
investing over the past few years, and we will continue to invest in the 
global market, in India is because we believe that we have a strong 
conviction in the growth of the Indian end market going forward. That is 
also one of the reasons for 10 years now, together, more than 10 years with 
Biswadip, we have been always very, very careful to maintain a very strong 
balance sheet in Vesuvius India. Sometimes we have had some questions 
about that. Why do not you distribute more dividends? I am sure that you 
have had questions. The answer is very clear. We want to be ready to invest 
when we need. We do not need to go to the bank, we do not need to take a 
loan, we want to maintain a very strong balance sheet in India because we 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 35 
know already that the 10 years to come will be a land of opportunity for 
Vesuvius India in India. To follow, and our ambition is not only to follow, 
is to outgrow the natural growth of the market in India. This will require 
capital investment. We are fully ready for that and we have been preparing 
ourselves for more than 10 years for this moment, for this [inaudible] in the 
growth of India. Now we are ready and we intend to fully take advantage of 
this in the years to come. 
Unnamed Analyst: Thank you, Patrick. Just a quick follow-up on that, if I may. You have 
already invested about 700 Crores over the last three years into capex in 
India, and I think you called out 1000 Crores as the number in the last AGM 
for Vesuvius Group in India. And you have done some M&A on this thing 
as well, which I do not think is your DNA. I do not think you guys do a lot 
of M&A historically, right? So I am just curious if you want to revise that 
prediction. Is there more capex that you want to announce? Or is that 
something that will follow in some time? 
Patrick Andre: 
So could you repeat the question? 
Unnamed Analyst: You have already invested about 700 Crores out of the 1000 Crores that you 
had guided and you had guided that over a four or five year period I believe. 
You have invested most of that already so I am curious if you want to revise 
your guidance on that front. 
Patrick Andre: 
India is a never-ending story for which is a so I am more than it is obvious 
that more time goes, the higher up our estimate of what we will invest in 
India. And the good news is we can. The good news is we can. Not only we 
have the will to do it, but we can, because our strategy in Foseco India, as 
you may have noticed if you follow Foseco India, also a very good 
company, is the same. We have maintained a very, very sound balance 
sheet. You can recognize, if I may, the Vesuvius touch in both Vesuvius 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 35 
India and Foseco India. In both cases, we believe in the growth of our 
markets. In both cases, we have been very careful to maintain a very strong 
balance sheet so that we can finance ourselves our investment each time it 
is necessary. And yes, we will continue and probably we will far exceed the 
numbers which I mentioned some time ago in terms of capex in India for 
both Foseco India and Vesuvius India. 
Mohinder Rajput:  The second question you asked was about exports, I think. Look, if I divide 
the business into two parts, the flow control part and the advanced refractory 
part. In the flow control side, the Vesuvius Group strategy is to give the best 
service to the customer. And by service, a big component of that service is 
availability, when you want it. So if you look at the footprint of flow control 
worldwide, we have big plants in China, which is a major consumer of that. 
We have one big plant in India. We have big plants in Europe. We have two 
big plants in North America. So on the flow control side, I believe the group 
has optimized, the footprint, manufacturing footprint. Having said that, so I 
do not see major export opportunities there. Having said that, there are 
always, these temporary imbalances where somebody needs 500 pieces of 
this or 200 pieces of that. And I think the group orchestrates that. So those 
types of small opportunities will come. On the advanced refractory side, the 
nature of the product is such, very different from the flow control side, that 
it does not travel very well. The reason why I say it does not travel very 
well, because it is very bulky. Now, it is a bit like the cement story. If I try 
to export from here to by the time it reaches the customer, I would have 
burned so much money in transporting it by sea that it would not make much 
economical sense. And that is why the group has, again, optimized the 
footprint of plants near the major consumption centers. So big picture, if I 
combine the flow control and AR part, Vesuvius group really believes in 
local for local. That model has worked very well in the past, and we believe 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 35 
it will work in the future. So exports, we will grow, but it is not a major part 
of our growth story. 
Mohan Krishnaswamy: Sir, Mohan Krishnaswamy, I am an individual shareholder. In 
Vishakhapatnam, we had mentioned that out of a hundred of the refractory 
market, we are servicing about 15% or 14% of the market. Given what 
Patrick said about no interest in moving into the commodity end of the 
market, what is the maximum we can reach given our technology focus? 
And where are we now? Is there more room to grow given what you have 
done in the last few years? And where maximum we can reach, say 25%, 
30% of the market, is the limit we will reach? That is my first question. The 
second is, obviously there is an underlying trend to decarbonize steel 
manufacturing in various ways. So there are lot of fuels which have been 
attempted, like hydrogen infusion into the blast furnace or coal gasification. 
Does any of this have any meaningful impact on the content of refractory 
from our side? I know flow control is post, but anything else materially 
changes for us. These are my two questions. Thank you. 
Patrick Andre: 
We do not comment in too much detail about market share, but on order of 
magnitude. The fact, two numbers that have been mentioned today, which 
is that on a global refractory market in India, we are probably, nobody 
knows exactly, 13%, 14%, 15%, whatever. But where we play, we are at 
both 50%. So I think it illustrates very well our strategy, that we play where 
we want to play, and there are other parts of the market where we just do 
not play, because we do not see that as a profitable playing field. Now, what 
is the limit? Where we decide to play, there is no limit. Where we decide to 
play, there is absolutely no limit. As long as we do not have 100% of the 
market, I will be on the back of our teams. They know it. It does not mean 
that I believe that they will reach 100%. But I think that I remember there 
is another region in the world where some years ago, 10 years ago, when I 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 35 
took over as CEO, we were at 50%, 55%. And now we are at 87%. So there 
is no limit to the sky. When you have a good technology, when you have 
good people, when you have the level of ambition, the level of energy, there 
is no limit to the sky. And this is the mindset of Vesuvius. There is 
absolutely no reason why we could not increase our market share as close 
as possible to the maximum, simply by being better than competitors. And 
this is our ambition. Will we succeed? We will see. But I think our job is to 
try and to try, and we will try very hard, because we believe it is possible. 
So, there is really no limit to the maximum market share that we can gain 
where we decide to play. 
 
In terms of decarbonization, there is more talk than action, much more talk 
than action. At the end of the day, when you look at what is happening, there 
is a lot of talk about hydrogen, but hydrogen will be for our grand grand 
grandchildren if you ask me, because hydrogen is only interesting if it is 
produced out of green electricity, if you produce hydrogen with an 
electrolysis, which is itself using coal-fired electricity generated by a coal-
fired power plant, forget it. It has a very negative impact on the planet. So 
really, the use of green hydrogen into the steel industry, personally, I do not 
believe that this will happen anytime soon. Politicians will continue to talk 
about it because it gets them elected, but I do not believe at all that it will 
happen in the foreseeable future. So we do not see that as a major strategic 
topic. What is happening, however, is in those parts of the world, which is 
not everywhere, and in particular not in India, in those parts of the world 
where there are in their economic development cycle, the generation of 
scrap becomes more and more significant as compared with the total steel 
consumption. Typically, the US, Europe, and very soon China, You will see 
a gradual substitution of blast furnaces by electric furnaces. So for the area, 
after a certain level of maturity in their development cycle, electric arc 
furnaces start substituting, slowly but surely, blast furnaces. And those 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 35 
electric arc furnaces then they can use green electricity, they can use gas-
based DRI as a feed, known technology. And then the CO2 footprint is 
significantly lower than a blast furnace. This is happening, but not 
everywhere. In particular, it is not happening in India. There is some talk in 
India, but the reality is it is not happening at all. And when you see, if you 
split the India steel production into three segments, induction furnace, blast 
furnaces, and electric furnaces, the one growing the slowest is electric 
furnaces. And there is a reason for that. It is because the generation of scrap 
is not there. It is just not there. Probably it will be there 30 years or 40 years 
from now when India will start to decelerate. But for the time being, it is 
not there. So it is not a big topic in India. Hydrogen does not really play a 
role, and I do not see that playing a role in the foreseeable future more or 
less anywhere in the world. You will have some kind of pilot plants here or 
there, which we were very happy to supply because they are good 
customers. But it is not a massive phenomenon. The real phenomenon is in 
the material area substitution, gradual substitution of blast furnaces by 
electric furnaces with gas-based DRI. And this for us is more or less neutral. 
It is more or less neutral because the type of refractories that these people 
will consume for what we are producing, for the field we are displaying, are 
more or less the same than what they are consuming today. So it is neutral, 
neither positive nor negative. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Sanjay from ithought PMS Chennai. A bunch of questions, I will go one by 
one. First, we had expanded Kolkata VISO plant by 50% in the last few 
years. So what is the next quantum of capex or what is the timeline if you 
can give? And you had also hinted that we will introduce non-isostatic flow 
control product lines in Vizag as well. So any comments on these? 
Patrick Andre: 
Our manufacturing strategy is very clear. So Kolkata is becoming 
progressively and will become very soon an isostatic-focused plant. And 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 35 
more or less everything which is not isostatic will be produced in Vizag. So 
it is relatively clear-cut. In terms of timing, we are currently reviewing the 
timing of the next expansion in Kolkata, and what I can say with a very 
strong level of 100% level of certainty is that it will be there before it is 
needed. So there will be no shortage of Vesuvius isostatic supply in India, 
because we have the capacity to do it very rapidly. We know exactly what 
we want to do. The plans are already there. They are in the fine-tuning 
process. The investment is defined. It is already approved. The only 
question is, when do we push the button? And we push the button depending 
on our survey of the demand, and once we push a button, it takes place 
between 12 and 18 months for this to be on stream, so we have time. And 
we already know that when we have a very good idea of when we will need 
it, which is sometimes more than two years and less than five years 
depending on where the demand exactly will be. So we are really in the fine-
tuning stage, but the investment is already defined. We know that it will not 
cost us much, which is again, I come back on that, one of the huge 
advantages of these reviews is to be able to add brownfield capacity, I am 
not talking about increasing Kolkata by 5% or 10%, it will be a very 
significant capacity investment in Kolkata, but at very marginal cost and 
very quick, very easy and quick to implement. This is unique, I do not think 
anybody has that today in the country. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Sir, you did talk about mould flux but if you can comment on alumina 
silicate monolithic as well. I think we had set up 120k capacity, where are 
we, do we have to add more capacity and what is the market size in terms 
of tonnage for AlSi? 
Mohinder Rajput: 
AlSi mono side, I think your number is correct, 120,000 tonnes. So I will 
tell you there is headroom, enough headroom for us for the next couple of 
years to extract the maximum juice out of that line. That line was 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 35 
commissioned in November 2024. I mean it really started kicking in in May, 
June 2025. We are and you know it is a learning experience to make that to 
make to make that line dance and we are on our way to making sure that 
that line works super efficiently and delivers its maximum performance. So 
there is enough headroom for the next couple of years to squeeze the 
maximum juice out of that line. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Final question. I think we had mentioned plastic refractories, if I am not 
wrong, in November 2024 Analyst Day. And we were supposed to 
commission it last year. I just wanted to get to the status of plastic 
refractories and what is the market share of these applications? 
Mohinder Rajput: 
We love plastics. The reason why we love plastics is because it is a premium 
product, very high value per ton and very good margins as well. And the 
good news is we brought that to life couple of months back and we are 
month on month wrapping up and we have our plans to sell plastics in India 
but we are exporting as well.  
Patrick Andre: 
And we are in this Vizag complex, which is initially basic monolithic, 
alumina silicate monolithic, and flux. We are now completing with a plastic 
plant, which is now operational, a well-filler plant. We are doubling our 
capacity of taphole clay. So it really becomes a very, very significant 
industrial complex. And to remind everybody, it is only used at one third of 
the space that we have. So the potential for expansion for the AlSi mono or 
basic mono plant, I am eagerly waiting for Mohinder to tell the board. I do 
not have enough capacity, I need more, because it will be very, very good 
news, because we have space to expand. And again, at marginal cost. So it 
is an aircraft carrier. It is a huge aircraft carrier to support the growth of the 
India market for the years to come. So the sooner we fill the capacity, the 
better. Right, Mohinder? 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 35 
Mohinder Rajput: 
On a lighter note, I would like to tell you something about Vesuvius. Every 
time I have gone to Patrick and the Board asking for more money for capex, 
I can tell you one thing. It is not given very easily to me. It is in our DNA 
that we challenge our people a lot, that convince me that you have extracted 
the last ounce of juice from the machine. And that is where this lean comes 
in. We have something called the Vesuvius operating system, in which we 
look at the utilization of our machines. And we challenge our team day in, 
day out, day and night, that before you ask for more money, prove to us 
with measurable KPI that this machine can give you no more. Sometimes I 
have done that, proved that the machine can give you no more. And in that 
case, the group has given me resources to think out of the box and 
debottleneck. So we are very careful with our money. We invest in capex 
only when we know we have done our best in debottlenecking and there is 
nothing more we can do with that machine. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
Patrick was saying about you have enough space to develop and increase. 
Just imagine Vizag has a 32 plus 10, 42 acres of land and as he said not even 
one third is used. So we bought the land and today all of you know if in 
India what is the biggest cost and difficulty is getting land and contiguous 
land without any hassles. So I think we are well off there in Vizag, of course. 
You all know that there are two plants there, distinct plants. The precast is 
in one place and the other five plants are in another place. So there are lot 
of places to rejig, re-commission, re-position different plants. So I think 
even in Kolkata, as Patrick was saying, we have about 16 acres of land. Still, 
there is enough space to add up. Including the ones where we have the plans, 
we add up. We do a lot of things like Z-axis utilization and other places. So 
I think we are well off as far as this is concerned.  
Deepthi Rajulapati:  Deepthi Rajulapati from Axis Mutual Fund. You have mentioned a lot about 
innovation and new technology. And certain products can really get a 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 29 of 35 
premium over our competitors as well in the non-commoditized products. 
So this will help us gain some market share or keep the market share at a 
stable level, but should we expect some margin expansion from current 
16%, 17% in the next two years?  
Biswadip Gupta:  
PAT?  
Deepthi Rajulapati: No EBITA margin 
Biswadip Gupta: 
EBITA is what about 20% margin? 
Deepthi Rajulapati: 17% 
Mohinder Rajput: 
We do not give margin guidance, but I can give you, I can try to answer 
your question in the most compliant way, otherwise I get in trouble with 
Neeraj.  
Biswadip Gupta: 
No get trouble from this side, you get trouble from Henry and Kartikaye. 
Mohinder Rajput: 
If you go on our LinkedIn page, you will see two news stories. And we are 
very proud of that because not many of our competitors put out news stories 
like that. There are two large steel plants in India. One is Tata Kalinganagar. 
The other one is JSW's BPSL plant. They are this erstwhile ocean power 
and steel plant. And they are this black refractory that is that is used, we 
broke the world record. And the way we measure the world record is that 
with one piece of refractory, how many hours of casting can you do? And 
it is a world record. Now, when we do that, and we continuously attempt to 
do that, we do not leave money on the table. And yes, there is a lot of cost 
pressure. No, things like these give us tremendous negotiating power with 
the customer because it is a win-win. The longer the customer can cast with 
our product, it is cost-saving for the customer as well. And then, we have 
very good salespeople who do their math to calculate how much value we 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 30 of 35 
generate for the customer. And we say, give us part of that value. So it gives 
us pricing power. 
Unnamed Analyst: Hi, Sir, Good evening. Sir, just one question. In the last three years, we have 
spent about 650 Crores, 700 Crores on capex, building on the capacities. So, 
can we expect this run rate to continue for the next three years as well? 
Capital expenditure in the last three years was approximately 650 Crores to 
700 Crores. So, can we expect this run rate to continue? 
Biswadip Gupta: 
I think Patrick answered this just now. I think he says it could even exceed. 
Okay. So, he does not know, but it could exceed, he says. 
Patrik Andre: 
One point is clear. We do not invest for the sake of investing. I think that 
Mohinder mentioned that. We invest to follow the market growth. So we do 
not say, we want to invest 300 Crores or 600 Crores. We study the market. 
We study what we can get from our existing assets. And if we need more, 
we need more, and we invest more. So that is the way, that is the logic that 
we are following. We are not starting from a number of capex. The number 
of capex is an outcome of reasoning, is not the starting point of reasoning 
in the way we operate. And I do not know exactly how much we will invest 
in the next three years. What I know is that in the next three years, there will 
always be the necessary capacity in Vesuvius India to not only follow the 
growth of the market, but gain market share. 
Unnamed Analyst: Thank you. Just one last thing on the plastic refractory, how large is this 
market in India? 
Mohinder Rajput: 
To be honest, I do not have the number off the top of my head, but it is 
niche. We are not talking of tens of thousands of tons here. If I was to make 
an educated guess, somewhere between 10,000 to 20,000 tons. So this goes 
in, for example, re-heating furnaces. So in a steel plant, you have these 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 31 of 35 
furnaces where they heat the slab before it goes into the hot rolling mill. So 
that furnace is lined from inside with plastic. Another example is in the 
power plants, in the boilers, it is lined from the inside with plastics. So those 
are the two classic applications for plastic refractoriess. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
This is Kirtan Mehta from Baroda BNP Mutual Fund. I want to understand 
sort of how much in excess of the market growth that we can deliver. So if 
at all we look at the India steel market probably it is crude steel production 
is growing at around 8% to 10% market share and that remains the large 
part of the market that we serve. We believe our market share remains more 
or less stable in the range of 50% to 55%. We are introducing some products 
where we can probably add more value and grow higher than the market. 
But at the same point of time, we are leaving some space where the products 
turn into commodity and some of the Chinese and other Indian players 
might be gaining the market share. So, looking at sort of overall dynamics, 
how much in excess of the market growth that we can deliver? 
Mohinder Rajout: 
I will try to answer your question with numbers. So, if you look at the last 
4 to 5 years, if I look at the CAGR topline, it has been 22%. If you look at 
the CAGR growth of the steel industry, it has not been 22%. I believe it has 
been 8% or 9%, something like that. That tells you, when you compare that 
8%, 9% with 22%, it tells you something. It tells you that we are gradually 
gaining market share. And I cannot give very accurate forward guidance, 
but I can tell you our ambition is to continue that streak of outgrowing the 
steel industry. And if the plan is to outgrow the steel industry growth, that 
means that I am gaining market share. It answers your question?  
Kirtan Mehta: 
It does answer, but just to understand in terms of when we also continue to 
maintain that the market share is 50 % to 55%. So which are the areas where 
we are gaining share and what is contributing to that excess growth? 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 32 of 35 
Mohinder Rajout: 
So I gave one example, the melting and refining business in a steel plant, 
the brick business, for example, where I went from zero percent market 
share to a double-digit market share. That is one example. On the steel flux, 
we are not new to the flux business in India, but we used to import from 
outside. Now our strategy is that we will continue to import from outside, 
but there is a lot of which we will now serve from the Indian mould flux 
area. And there, leaps and bounds, we are growing month-on-month in the 
flux business. So those are two examples where my market share is growing 
over proportionately. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
So it is basically the capture of the white spaces which is probably 
addressed. So do you see equal opportunities for next five years where we 
have left the white spaces and that can be still captured? 
Mohinder Rajput: 
No, there are significant white spaces.  
Kirtan Mehta:   
One more question 
Unnamed Analyst: In last year, so I think the key question for a lot of people in the room is 
that, was last year a one-off or do you expect the growth to bounce back to 
at least those 16%, 17 %? So we had 32%, 25%, 22%, 16%, 12%, right? 
The CAGR is great. But the most recent number was 12%. I think the 
question is, do we assume a 12%, 13% growth? Do we assume a 15%, 16% 
growth? Was last year a one-off? I think some guidance on that would be 
very helpful. 
Patrik Andre: 
It is a very good question that is not specific to India. We on average, 
outgrow the market, but we do not outgrow the market every year, and we 
do not outgrow the market the same way. Even the years when we outgrow 
the market, it is not the same every year. There is no such thing as a typical 
year in our business. If you want to have something typical, you should look 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 33 of 35 
at it over 5 to 6 years. A kind of sliding 5 years is a better way to look at 
how we are performing. Because when we win a big contract, with a 
customer, and customers are generally sticky when they start working with 
us, it is sticky. When we make a big contract, we have a big jump in market 
share, and then during two, three years, we can grow no more than the 
market, and then we win another big contract, and then we grow more. So 
there is no such thing as a representative year. Clearly, we do not grow 10% 
or 12% above the market, absolutely not. Absolutely not. We grow on 
average anywhere between 1% and 3% above the market. If you want to 
model long-term the Vesuvius model, the reasonable but solid assumption 
is that we outgrow the market on average over a cycle, whatever we call a 
cycle, by between 1% and 3%. It is not, we outgrow, but it is not 10%. It is 
not 10%.  
Rajesh Majumdar: This is Rajesh Majumdar from 360 One Capital. Sir, if you look at the 
refractory industry at one stage, it used to be 3% to 4% of steelmaking costs. 
But over the last 10 years, it has come down to less than 2%, because the 
specific consumption of refractories is falling in kg per ton while the value 
is going up. Where is this trend now? Is there more scope of reduction in 
this or do we see some kind of expansion going forward in terms of the steel 
making cost of the refractory industry.  
Patrick Andre: 
So you mean that we should increase our prices? We will use you next time 
we meet our customers. Our prices are not high enough. You are completely 
right. Specific consumption has declined a lot. Not over the past 10 years, 
but between 30 years ago and 5 to 10 years ago. We do not see today, there 
is still progress, if only because our own products are making progress, but 
the pace at which specific consumption of refractory is improving is 
absolutely not what it used to be over the past 30 years. So we are not very 
far from plateauing, in fact, in terms of average refractory consumption per 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 34 of 35 
ton of steel for our customers. So the order of magnitude of 2%, 2.5%, 3%, 
depending on where the steel prices are, of the production cost of our 
customers, I do not think it will change significantly in the years to come. 
And today, the main parameter is not anymore the specific consumption of 
our customers, but the values that we create for our customers. It happens 
sometimes when there is some isostatic products, new isostatic products that 
we propose to our customers to replace some of their existing generation, 
which we can sell at double the price. Not 5%, not 10%, double the price. It 
means that we should never underestimate the room for technological 
creativity. Doing some R&D really pays off because you can identify new 
function, new performance level, which can really, really create some value 
in the process of your customer. And in that case, the customer, when they 
are well-managed, when purchasing does not work alone in a silo on their 
side, but discuss with the other parts of the organization to really make 
decisions based on the impact on the P&L, not only on the cost base. So 
when purchasing is not too narrow-minded, to be clear, then you can really 
create value simultaneously for Vesuvius and, of course, for the customer. 
Rajesh Majumdar: According to you, the percentage cost has kind of plateaued and we can see 
some increase in that over the next few years, is that correct? As a 
percentage of steelmaking cost, the refractory cost?  
Patrick Andre: 
I think that not total refractory, because do not forget that in about 2%, You 
have many things. You have the commoditized part of the refractory and 
you have the non-commoditized part of the refractory. The 2% is a kind of 
average of pears and apples. In all parts where we play, where there is still 
a lot of room for technological advances, I believe that yes, we can increase 
our share of the wallet. I believe it is possible. With good R&D, it is 
possible. If you talk about basic mag-carbon bricks for ladles, no, most 
probably no. This is an archetype of commodities. By the way, you will not 

 
Vesuvius India Limited 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Page 35 of 35 
see us investing into that. You will never see Vesuvius investing in a 
manufacturing plant to produce basic, commoditized mag-carbon bricks for 
ladles. That is not our business. 
Rajesh Majumdar: And so one last question is that do you think the capacity expansions in the 
refractory industry have come way ahead of the expectations in the user 
industries and that we will see a long period before which the refractory 
industry will come back to have some kind of pricing power vis-à-vis its 
customers? 
Patrick Andre: 
No, I do not think so. In the part of the refractory market where we play, I 
absolutely do not think so. And by the way, we are increasing prices. 
Because when our costs increase, we are increasing prices. There is no way 
we would not increase prices. It is out of scope that we would not increase 
prices when our costs are going up. And this is not one year or two years or 
three years from now. It is today. 
Kartikaye Krishna:  I think we had a hard stop at 6.30. We have passed that time. With this, we 
come to the close of this meeting. Thank you all for coming. Hope to see 
you soon. 
Patrik Andre: 
Thank you very much for the time.  
